Webkit is LGPL, Chrome is based on Webkit, and the entire OS is built around Chrome. It's also speculated that their "new window system" is built on DirectFB which is LGPL. It makes a nice story, but I think a black triangle moment is something programmers should strive to avoid. Progress should be incremental and visible as much as possible and the system as a whole should always be in a working and testable state. Working on something for weeks before getting it into a testable state is a surefire recipe for an over-designed system with superfluous features and long debugging sessions. Turns out software isn't like buildings. Buildings can't be refactored during construction, nor do their requirements change halfway through. Developing software incrementally requires diligence in refactoring to keep the code clean, but development goes faster despite the "extra" refactoring time and the end product is better for it. Every week you can't show visible progress to a customer is a week your code drifts farther from their actual desires. The feedback loop is essential to writing good software. It may be difficult to achieve at times but it should always be our goal. Just look where the money is: they didn't list stats for ad clicks but I'm willing to bet IE6 users click more than their share of ads, and Firefox users less. In your example there are ways to do development incrementally. You could generate some files that only use a tiny subset of the features of Parasolid, in only one version. Once you have that working you can add feature and version support incrementally guided by your customer's priorities, which they might not even be aware of themselves but can easily be found by testing your code on a sampling of their most important files. Your incremental progress is loading of files with progressively more features, closer to your customer's files. It might turn out that you can avoid implementing every version and feature of the format, and it's much easier, faster, and more accurate to figure this out by testing working code than trying to write a spec ahead of time. I prefer the analogy posted by norkakn on reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/90tge/hey_rprog... L1 - There is a sandwich in front of you. L2 - Walk to the kitchen and make a sandwich RAM - Drive to the store, purchase sandwich fixings, drive home and make sandwich HD - Drive to the store. Purchase seeds. Grow seeds..... .... ... Harvest lettuce, wheat, etc. Make sandwich. One better: OpenGL in Firefox via Canvas: http://blog.vlad1.com/2007/11/26/canvas-3d-gl-power-web-styl... I'd argue that most simple UI animations are in fact presentational, not behavioral. One of the nice things about defining animations declaratively in CSS instead of procedurally in Javascript is that browsers will have control over the implementation. Your browser could easily have a "no animations" mode, or selectively disable certain animation types. Browsers can implement animations much more efficiently if they don't have to call Javascript every frame, and they can also separate animation from whatever else the page is doing; animations could be slowed or stopped in background tabs or low-battery situations while the page's Javascript continues running. Everyone is focused on this removal of the null check by the compiler, but to me that's a red herring. The real bug is the fact that SELinux allows you to map memory to address 0! Fix that and this is much less serious. GCC's code isn't incorrect. As per the C standard, after you've dereferenced a NULL pointer then all behavior is undefined. If GCC emitted code that launched ICBMs after a NULL pointer dereference, that wouldn't violate the spec either. The real WTF here is that people are still building "secure" software in a language where programmer mistakes cause undefined behavior... I'll grant you that OWA does work in Opera (and other non-IE browsers) but it really sucks compared to the IE version. Perhaps you've never tried it in IE; if so then you don't know what you're missing. Thankfully, Exchange 2010 will finally bring full OWA support to non-IE browsers. http://www.robichaux.net/blog/2009/04/exchange-2010-owa.php I've always thought a YouTube jukebox would be a good idea. If this gets popular, though, there's no question it will be shut down, if not by the RIAA then by YouTube itself. My feedback: needs more AJAX. Clicking items in the interface like "friends" or "music" shouldn't reload the page and stop the playing song. Also, get rid of modal dialogs. (For example, when adding a song or playlist, give it a default name instead of asking for a name in a modal dialog.) Also, don't ask for my real name up front; wait until later. You should budget for your free service under the assumption that people will create multiple accounts. Then you should allow merging multiple free accounts into one paid account to provide a tempting upgrade path for multiple-account people, who after all are among your most dedicated users. If you can detect multiple-account people then you can advertise the account-combining feature to them directly. I guess you and I have different conceptions of what's "perfectly sufficient". My guess is that GCC's dead code warning is produced in a pass that runs before the optimizer and isn't smart enough to prove the code is dead. A "radical" new router? Perhaps a more apropos 80s adjective would be "tubular"? edit: OK, HN doesn't like puns? Good to know. I don't think it takes any faith to say that a sufficiently precise simulation of the physical characteristics of the brain would produce output similar to that of a real brain. To the contrary; saying otherwise would require faith in new physics (some sort of "spiritual energy"?) that we have no evidence for at this time. 30M synapses * 2^28 ~= 10P synapses That's 56 years of Moore's law. I think you're right that they'll have to do something other than scale up. Luckily there's room for tons of optimization, especially if your goal is an AI instead of a medically accurate simulation of the brain. Simulations like Blue Brain will reveal the key features of neurons as they relate to computations performed by the brain. That will allow us to drastically simplify future brain models without losing accuracy, possibly even wiring them directly into hardware. I think it's plausible that this approach could yield a humanlike AI within 20-30 years. The technology to end humanity is already here (nuclear and soon biological weapons). In the long run superhuman AI may be the only thing that can prevent us from destroying ourselves. Even if it were desirable, stopping the advance of technology is impractical. If superhuman AI is possible, it will be built. A more practical argument would be that superhuman AI should be strictly controlled, though advancing technology will eventually make that difficult too. The only solution in the long (really long) term is for us to become superhuman ourselves and attempt to preserve the things we find important in the transition. What's broken is the C preprocess/compile/link process. C needs to get a modern module system and ditch the antiquated preprocessor and linker. It is possible to do strace-like stuff on Windows too as evidenced by Process Monitor. http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb896645.asp... If scanning atimes is too slow or unreliable, perhaps fabricate could be updated to use procmon? I doubt you could make the border smaller than a pixel; pixels are tiny these days. Having worked with display walls in the past, even a 1-pixel border between displays is really distracting, to the point where I'd rather just use the 2 displays separately as in a normal dual-head setup. If you really need a borderless display the way to do it is with a projector. You can seamlessly combine projectors to create a display as big as you want. Normally the projected images are overlapped a few pixels on each side and blended together to cover up alignment issues. I'm certain this is how they make that enormous display that towers behind Steve Jobs during his keynotes at Moscone Center. If you're interested in joining the displays from multiple computers together, check out http://code.google.com/p/synergy-plus/ . It's like VNC in reverse. Also, X Windows theoretically allows moving running application windows from one device to another but I don't think any implementations really support it. Basically, if this thing is for real, it's the most important invention since the transistor. It completely replaces batteries in every application with better performance in almost every dimension at lower size, weight, and cost. It's quite likely that the EEStor guys are fraudsters or crackpots, but it's fun just to think about the possibilities such a device would unlock. Cheap electric cars! Phones that charge in 10 seconds! Rechargeable batteries that never need replacing! The American cultural thing you're missing is that it's now considered gauche to brag about how you don't watch TV, even if it's true. For a while not owning a TV was fashionable; now there's a stereotype of "goody-two-shoes" people who go out of their way to avoid watching TV and brag about it repeatedly to anyone who will listen. Here's a specific technology that's going to be a huge boon to robotics in the next 5-10 years: Flash LIDAR cameras. This is the technology behind the XBox 360's "Project Natal", but it's a lot more than a game controller. A Flash LIDAR camera directly senses the distance to every object seen by the camera by measuring the time-of-flight of a reflected laser pulse. With accurate distance data for every pixel a lot of really hard computer vision problems suddenly become much, much eaiser. It could not possibly be more clear that these statutory damages are excessive. How could any court fail to rule that a $600,000 fine (let alone $2 million!) to an individual for non-commercial copyright infringement violates the eighth amendment to the constitution? "Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed , nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted." Hopefully the defending lawyers in these cases can stop pissing off their judges long enough to make this blindingly obvious argument. IANAL either, but I doubt the framers of the constitution meant their definition of "fine" to exclude a case like this. Even if it isn't a "fine" in esoteric legal jargon it fits the definition of "cruel and unusual punishment". After all, $2 million is more than the expected lifetime earnings of an American individual. $2 million is essentially a monetary life sentence. edit: I did some research and you're correct that this doesn't fit the modern legal definition of a "fine". Apparently fines are for criminal offenses and in civil cases like this they're called "penalties" instead. Again, however, I don't think this necessarily applies to the eighth amendment. http://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/fine That's awfully risky for the defendant. If I was the one on the stand I don't think I'd permit my lawyers to risk sticking me with a $2 million fine just so they could set precedent, even if they were from Harvard. Personally, I don't understand why ISPs haven't become payment processors. They already have a monthly billing relationship with their customers. Wouldn't it be cool if your ISP provided a service whereby you could buy things online and charge them to your ISP bill? If done right such a service could be more secure than credit cards for online purchases, make micropayments much more feasible, and provide a separate revenue stream for ISPs. Why haven't they jumped on this? Something that might not be obvious is that, since shaders will be supported, this will also enable GPGPU from Javascript. If JIT-compiled Javascript is still too slow for you, you'll now have the option of running your code on the massively parallel vector co-processor that's in nearly every modern PC. The obvious next step in this direction is OpenCL. WebKit has been implementing a different approach, doing 3D effects via CSS. I think both approaches to 3D are useful in different contexts and they should both be implemented. http://webkit.org/blog/386/3d-transforms/ What are you going to do with only a pasta strainer? You're going to need a whole kitchen's worth of attachments and the cost could quickly become large, especially if the appliances and fixtures need to be modified. Afterward the kitchen will be less useful for humans and the robot will still be useless for anything but kitchen tasks. We already have kitchen devices that do one thing well: dishwasher, mixer, breadmaker, toaster, cuisinart, etc. At some point it will become cheaper to make one robot that can do it all. "But really, what do we want as a society? For a two-digit number of extremely wealthy people to have access to the world's best prosthetics, stuff that is in the realm of sci-fi? Or for everyone to have access to "good enough" prosthetic technology that advances more slowly?" If you choose the latter then you are short-sighted, because in the future everyone will be worse off. I thought that was a flaw in his article. It should be possible to make a bidirectional gateway between a Wave server and and SMTP, and then incremental adoption becomes easy. So his argument is that we should ignore all possible risks to our oil supply and let everyone have cheap oil? That works great until one of those risks becomes reality, the price of oil instantly skyrockets amid dire shortages, and we don't have any alternatives because oil was cheaper than all of them. I hope that none of the people railing against speculators are also environmentalists, because oil speculators should be an environmentalist's best friend: nothing could possibly promote alternative energy better than high oil prices. Computer vision for autonomous robots. I've done a lot of 3D graphics and I think working on the inverse could be fun too. I think a lot of progress is going to be made quickly now that 3D depth-sensing cameras are becoming available. Most interesting to me are self-driving cars (e.g. the DARPA Grand Challenge robots) or dynamically balancing 2-legged anthropomorphic robots (e.g. Honda's ASIMO). I don't know anyone in the field, so if I was really going to pursue this I'd probably start by going back to school. I don't expect this to be a problem within my lifetime. As we get more efficient we can easily reverse the trend toward 2-income families, and then start shortening the work week. Who could say no to a 32 hour week, or even shorter? At some point we may have to switch to an alternative economic system not based on labor (perhaps Cory Doctorow's "Whuffie", and I recommend "Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom" for anyone interested), but that will be a long time from now and I suspect by then the choices will be more obvious and incremental. "today's unskilled workers aren't going to be the robot owners of the future" Careful with your crystal ball there; you might end up sounding like the people who predicted similar things about computers. Robots will become very cheap in the future; they won't be exclusive to the "bourgeoisie". "You can't just start making everyone work less" Who said anything about making? That's far too authoritarian for my liking. People will choose to work less when they can achieve the lifestyle they want with less work. It will take a while for this to become socially acceptable, but I think it will happen. I am less than 40, and I would be happy indeed if this became a problem during my lifetime, but I'm still skeptical. As nanotech advances we will gain the ability to replace more and more rare elements with common ones. In the far future there's no reason why our technology couldn't be based entirely on nanoscale structures made of only the cheapest, most abundant elements. After all, nature does it just fine. "we [will] have automation that is expensive, but cheaper than humans." I don't think that's true. The expensive part of robots is the hardware. I think we will have hardware able to replace humans long before we have the software. ASIMO's body is probably capable enough to do many tasks today. The hardware will become cheap long before the software becomes capable enough to replace humans in most jobs, and the software will improve gradually. People will have time to adapt. Furthermore, this argument seems based on the premise that there's a huge underclass of people who can't possibly be trained in a skill once robots take the manual labor away, and that's an elitist view I simply don't agree with. America is already a country full of people who shun manual labor; only immigration fills the lowest level of jobs. Americans are not genetically superior to the immigrants who do our manual labor; we just have better opportunities. As robots make us more productive those opportunities will be offered to more and more people, and the number of workers willing to do manual labor will naturally dwindle. Interesting, you guys must be on one of those A/B tests that Google does without telling anyone. I certainly don't get AJAX results in the classic or sandbox searches. Your questions are about resource allocation, and the answer as usual is free markets. An argument about the efficacy of free markets vs. central planning would be offtopic, so let's just agree to disagree on this one. Pixar has their own style that is intentionally not photorealistic. Also, Toy Story is from 1995. Try instead comparing Crysis to the effects from a modern blockbuster, which have to hold up well when compared to the live action shots. Ditching the fixed-function pipeline isn't all about realism, though. More flexibility will allow more experimentation with non-photorealistic rendering. Maybe we'll see more games with graphics that look like they were painted or drawn. Another benefit of more flexible rendering should be easier game development. Writing a complete renderer from scratch will be hard but most games will use middleware for that. The most expensive part of a modern game is the art, and a flexible renderer could do a lot to make generating that art easier. I do share your pet theory about Larrabee trying to avoid stepping on toes at Intel by labeling themselves a GPU. However, in order for Larrabee to be worthwhile for Intel it needs a mass market, and graphics is it. If Larrabee fails at graphics it will likely not survive. The images aren't procedurally generated; they really are that large. Stamping is just an easy way for artists to generate an image that large; the stamps are baked into the texture as soon as the artist places them, and afterward the artist can go back and individually edit every pixel. Obviously you can't ship an image that large on a DVD, so there's a lot of compression that has to happen, and a lot of that data will eventually just get thrown out. I believe id is using a system that uses recorded player sessions to figure out which parts of the texture are likely to be shown on-screen in actual gameplay. This is why I cringe when I hear people say that the current economic crisis is an indictment of capitalism; a proof that free markets behave irrationally. To believe that you have to ignore the enormous distortions government has created, not just with recent legislation but with things like the mortgage tax deduction that are so entrenched and popular we take them for granted. Of course markets aren't perfect. They can cope with distortions like the mortgage tax deduction but the cost is reduced efficiency and resiliency. The mortgage tax deduction didn't trigger the crisis but it amplified the effects by increasing the number and size of mortgages. (BTW, I'd like to clarify that I didn't downvote you and I agree it was uncalled for. I don't yet have the ability to downvote.) "it is incapable of investigating, understanding or dealing with human purposes, eternal values, spiritual realities or the challenges of the meaning of life" This is only true if you believe the brain will remain forever inscrutable. If we come to a complete understanding of how the brain works, we will be able to answer all these questions (at least as far as they relate to humans) far more completely than any amount of introspection ever will. Actually, now that I look at it, this guy's entire argument can be boiled down to "consciousness is not a physical phenomenon and is therefore outside of science". He could have said so using a lot fewer words, but then it would be too easy to disagree with him. I feel that the problem you describe is exacerbated (as so many philosophical "problems" are) by the imprecision of the language used in framing the problem. Rather than bicker over word definitions, I would prefer to wait until we have computers powerful enough to simulate the brain, at which time we can answer such questions using the precise language of mathematics. Of course I can't prove that we will be able to create such computers. If we can't then that would be evidence for a non-physical basis of consciousness. However, I feel that right now the burden of proof is on the people who claim that consciousness doesn't obey the laws of physics, as we haven't yet found any other process which doesn't. Like I said, I believe the "problem" itself is ill-defined. Philosophy in general has a tendency to devolve into arguments over word definitions and I simply don't think that's productive. A simulation of the brain will give us the data we need to frame the problem precisely enough to actually answer it. > If we find something that doesn't obey the laws of current physics, we just modify the laws. If consciousness is truly outside the domain of science then logically there would be no law we could create to account for its effects. But I'll go a step further and say that I believe consciousness obeys the laws of physics as we currently understand them . Again I don't have a proof of this, but neither do the people who say it doesn't. The problem was stated by christopherolah, and labeled as such. I'll quote it here for your convenience: "The problem is this: Consider perceiving the color red. An outside observer can explain this as photons hitting my eye and me reacting. The only problem is, I can actually see the color. How can a series of chemical reactions cause me to feel?" As I have said, the respect in which it is ill-defined is the imprecise definitions of the words used. An argument about this will eventually turn to haggling over the definitions of words like "see", "perceive", and especially "feel". "what is your reason for believing [consciousness obeys physics]?" I don't claim to have a strong argument. This thread is already too long so I'm not going to list my reasons, but the point I'd like to make is that the opposing view doesn't have strong arguments either, and I feel the burden of proof rests more heavily on that side, considering Occam's razor. I recommend watching Carmack's QuakeCon '09 keynote here: http://www.quakeunity.com/file=2919 It's 2 hours long, but he has a lot of interesting stuff to say about selling id Software to ZeniMax, Armadillo Aerospace, the Tesla Roadster, the future of games, and even the possibility of a Commander Keen game for iPhone. (The most interesting stuff is in the Q&A section at the end). I have driven a piece of farm equipment (bin carrier) which has a pedal that works this way. The pedal is on a pivot and instead of depressing the whole pedal you press on the top to go forward and the bottom to go back. Braking is a simple matter of pressing the pedal in the opposite direction you are going (though normal mechanical brakes are also present as backup). I found the system to be rather touchy. When coming to a stop it was quite easy to overcompensate and start oscillating back and forth. It was quite fun to drive though, and for the kind of work a bin carrier does the ability to reverse without changing gears is very useful. Incidentally, in order to achieve this continuously adjustable drive a diesel engine runs at a constant RPM turning a hydraulic pump which in turn drives hub motors in each wheel. The whole thing makes a very distinctive sound as it drives around. http://www.shakermaker.com/bin-carrier-images.php http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=limit+of+x+-+(x+-+1)+as... Also, http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=infinity+-+(infinity+-+... If nothing else, Wolfram Alpha is useful for math. I'm impressed that it understood my syntax for limits that I made up on the spot, first try. The "hacking" aspect is that during the interview instead of mentioning you've heard the problem before you're supposed to pretend you're a genius who solved the problem on the spot. Actually I think that advice is misguided, as in my experience when you tell an interviewer you're already familiar with their favorite brainteaser they're just as impressed as if you solved it yourself, and you don't feel dishonest. This technology is not interesting to me. The efficiency is too low, the coils are too big, the distances are too short, and too much alignment is required. The talk of replacing batteries is just hype. But the real reason I'm not excited is I don't believe this technology is going to improve much. People look at this and think that it's just like computers, so in 10 years these things will be 10 times smaller with 10 times the range. That's simply not true; there's no Moore's law for wireless power. We've known how to do this for over 100 years and the basic physics aren't changing. In 10 years the coils will still be that big, with the same range and the same alignment issues. Batteries, on the other hand, have plenty of room to improve. In 10 years batteries will definitely be storing more energy with less mass at lower cost with faster charging and longer lifetimes. That's a technology I can get excited about. There's still a demand for newspapers, it's just shrinking. As a country we're myopically focused on growth, but isn't there a place for businesses which are shrinking too? What's wrong with saying "the newspapers should reduce their size in an orderly way, in sync with declining demand"? Shouldn't it be possible to manage a shrinking business in such a way that it continues to generate profits until demand vanishes entirely? I don't think any useful generalizations can be made without information about the CPU and memory usage of the algorithms. It's technically possible to put a site on a top level domain. Now that ICANN has started allowing the purchase of TLDs we will soon be going to http://google and we'll probably see a URL shortener at http://l Huh, the link is missing an apostrophe. How did this get on the front page that way? http://www.kbsc.com/WhitePapers/1982%20-%20Marvin%20Minsky%2... "And now pick up a pencil or a pen (if you're really courageous) and practice on this very page." 3 things: 1. How quaint! 2. Did anyone else notice that the entire article was a giant .jpg? 3. Good on them for not being afraid to start a sentence with "And". I've never heard a good reason why it wouldn't be possible. But even supposing that it isn't, AI research is not wasted. It is clear that products related to AI (natural language processing, computer vision, game opponents, etc) can be exceedingly useful even though they're not sufficient to produce a conscious AI. So don't worry! My personal belief is that the reason progress in AI has been so slow is that AI optimists vastly underestimated the computing power needed to produce good AI, and when our computers are finally fast enough (20-30 years perhaps, and the most important metric is probably not FLOPS but memory bandwidth) AI will actually not be that hard to achieve. Those are the standard sounds made by some brand of walkie-talkie (Motorola I think) to mark begin/end transmission. Now that you mention it, they do sound an awful lot like the sounds Commander Keen made with the PC speaker. It uses thrust vectoring. The engine is on a gimbal and is constantly moving to keep the vehicle upright and on course. The fact that you can hardly see the movement means the sensors and software are doing a really good job keeping it stable. Choosing Linux for stable APIs would be rather silly. X11 is evolving rapidly nowadays and audio APIs are in a state of constant flux, where the different APIs often interfere with each other and there's no obvious best solution. Linux changes ABIs all the time and is notorious for C library incompatibilities. This recent mess with filesystem write semantics ( http://lwn.net/Articles/322823/ ) has proven you can't even rely on POSIX. Meanwhile, Win32 has been far more stable over the years and Microsoft has put a ton of effort into backwards compatibility. Don't get me wrong; I like Linux but API stability is not the reason to choose it over Windows. Yes, X11 is backwards compatible and that's been really great for the Linux desktop. But the article bashes Windows for rapidly introducing new APIs even though the old ones remain compatible; I'm just pointing out that Linux does that too. As for the audio situation, the problem is sharing between multiple apps. ALSA sucks at it so "sound servers" were invented but they caused more problems than they solved. Now it seems like every distro has a different sound solution, and meanwhile OSS was never removed from the kernel so you can't even rely on ALSA always being there. The filesystem problem can't be blamed wholly on apps or kernel devs; IMHO the problem really lies in POSIX which doesn't specify a way to achieve what app developers need in a way that can also be easily implemented in the kernel with good performance. I would argue that the behaviors app developers were using became a de facto part of POSIX and the way kernel devs broke them was irresponsible even if it didn't break the letter of the standard. Contrast with Microsoft which goes far, far out of its way to avoid breaking apps even when they flagrantly violate good practices (there are some great examples on The Old New Thing: http://blogs.msdn.com/oldnewthing/ ). When ALSA was imported into the mainline kernel, software mixing became possible without servers and they largely died out. My experience was completely different. A few years ago, ALSA software mixing was not enabled by default and didn't work well when enabled. When not enabled, apps couldn't share the audio device at all. KDE created aRts to allow sharing at the app level, but aRts sucked, plus it hogged the audio device so non-aRts apps wouldn't work at all. Later aRts added a timeout after which it would release the device but this obviously wasn't a good solution. Gnome had ESD which I didn't use but it conflicted with aRts. JACK came along but was only ever used by high-end audio programs. ALSA finally did get decent software mixing support, but now people are used to running sound servers. PulseAudio is the newest thing but last I heard a lot of people are still unsatisfied with it (e.g. http://jeffreystedfast.blogspot.com/2008/06/pulseaudio-solut... ). Furthermore, people who know what they're talking about are recommending a move away from PulseAudio and ALSA and back toward OSS! Personally, I think the case is quite convincing: http://insanecoding.blogspot.com/2009/06/state-of-sound-in-l... To my knowledge, the only filesystem which has poor performance when using fsync() is ext3 in data=ordered mode (which is not the default). Not according to http://lwn.net/Articles/351422/ Yes, disabling sound mixing will prevent multiple applications from using the sound card at once, in much the same way as disabling graphics drivers will prevent X11 from working. X11 never came with graphics drivers disabled by default. aRts is for pre-ALSA (ie OSS) applications. aRts isn't "for" ALSA or OSS applications; in fact it doesn't play nice with either. aRts is for aRts applications. aRts has backends for both OSS and ALSA. There's no reason glitch-free playback and per-application volume control can't be done in the kernel. The only feature that makes sense to do in user space is network transparency, which is of limited utility. I just can't get on board for another specialized program with more regulations. I wish we could just open the floodgates and let people in; xenophobes and protectionists be damned. If they're motivated enough to actually pick up and move here they're the kind of people we want. The muffin-sorting robot sorts muffins faster and better than any human could, whereas walking robots are still pretty terrible at walking even when compared to a below-average human. Minimap for Visual Studio: http://www.hanselman.com/blog/IntroducingRockScroll.aspx Let's combine this with the zip file approach. Your app is distributed as a zip file containing only the app folder. Safari unzips it automatically, then the user double-clicks your app icon. Your app notices it's in the "Downloads" directory and asks "Would you like to install me to the Applications folder?" If so, the move is done visually by opening two finder windows and literally moving the app icon as if it was being dragged. Afterward the Applications folder remains open displaying the app icon in case the user wants to drag it to the dock. How about a Seadragon interface? http://seadragon.com/view/avv The thing that bothers me about TechCrunch is that the comment section is a cesspool. Every time I scroll down there I regret it immediately. Tinnitus is not necessarily caused by dying cells or permanent hearing loss. Tinnitus is merely the name for a false perception of sound in the ears (normally but not always a ringing sound) and can be caused by a number of things. This treatment is not intended to cure hearing loss but simply to relieve tinnitus. Edit: well that's the impression I had based on the article, but at their actual site (restoredhearing.ie) they make claims like "restore hearing sensitivity back to the level it was before the damage was incurred" which sound rather dubious. I've never been big on exercising for the sake of exercise, but I do regularly go to a rock climbing gym. It's good exercise, but more importantly it's fun, unlike lifting weights. It requires the use of your brain: a good climb is like a puzzle you solve with your whole body. Great way to meet people, too. The only concern for hackers would be strain on the wrists. If you have wrist problems climbing probably isn't for you, but personally I feel like climbing has strengthened my wrists and actually been beneficial. What's that song they play? The beginning sounds really familiar but I can't place it. And it's the song from the end of The Bourne Identity. Thanks! Sorry, this cites a previous discovery of a superconductor at -24F (-31C) from May of this year. If that was actually true I guarantee you would have already heard about it from somewhere more prestigious than a self-published website. I have several Yahoo Pipes running which take various RSS feeds and replace the blurbs with the full article text ( http://pipes.yahoo.com/pipes/pipe.info?_id=b26addb2e01415dbf... ). As a programmer I found it quite frustrating to use; very limiting (as with all "visual programming" interfaces) and somewhat buggy. However, it does get the job done and it's free. I actually much preferred AppJet for this sort of work, as it could execute arbitrary Javascript and make arbitrary HTTP requests with cookies, etc. I wrote an RSS feed munger that logged into my WSJ account to download full articles with AppJet. I was really disappointed when AppJet was discontinued. Sweet! That must be new since the last time I looked at YQL. Looks very promising. Hopefully YQL lasts longer than AppJet did... Because you have to hold it (likely between thumb and ring finger) while you do the gestures. You'd have to use both hands to pull off a four-finger gesture. OK, the analogy is dumb, but the point stands on its own. Dynamic linking has been around for so long that it's a sort of dogma, never questioned. Of course you do dynamic linking! Just step back and consider all the problems dynamic linking has caused us (DLL hell, package management headaches, C library incompatibilities, various ABI issues) and the sheer complexity of the systems invented to solve those problems (Side-by-Side assemblies; InstallShield, Windows Installer, and umpteen other install frameworks for Windows; LD_LIBRARY_PATH, ldconfig; APT, RPM, and umpteen other Linux package managers). The "premium" content is really the content they had at the beginning, but lost over time as the rights holders cracked down; e.g. movies you'd actually want to watch, and more than 5 back episodes of currently-running shows. What we have here really is a failure of the advertising model Hulu uses. They just can't make enough money per viewer to displace traditional broadcasting or DVD sales. IMHO either Hulu or the advertisers are doing something stupid, because there really should be a gold mine there. The targeting and scheduling flexibility that's possible on a site like Hulu should make it more valuable per viewer than TV. Instead of trying to raise the market value of online content to match the cost of producing it — perhaps an impossible proposition — the secret is to cut costs until they match the market value. This is the reality that Rupert Murdoch is trying his best to ignore. I think he's deluding himself. The way he lives off of thrown-out food, secondhand clothes, and couch-surfing his friends and family means he's just as dependent on the system he despises as any "wage slave". He's not living free from the influence of money; he's just found ways to use other people's money to his advantage. I would love to see his reaction to a society that had collapsed in the way he predicts. What would he do without "wage slaves" around to throw away food, give away clothes, and let bums sleep in their houses? Subsistence farming is a totally different lifestyle than dumpster diving and couch surfing, and I doubt he's much more prepared for it than your average "wage slave". Raiding deserted department stores is fine for a few years, but that's not a long-term strategy. When the department store building collapses because nobody's maintaining it, and when the clothes run out and the factories aren't making any more, what then? Same with bicycles and any other technology he likes to use. I disagree. They're free to put ads on their printer friendly pages (which you'll notice The Economist has done), or add referer checking. I don't use printer friendly pages to avoid ads, I use them for their reading-friendly layout without enormous headers, footers, and sidebars taking up 3/4 of the page. "Our revenues are down millions of dollars because we don't have the patent" and the royalty stream that would have resulted, he said. "We have no market power. That's the essence of it. You can't protect your interests." He said competitors have entered the market, and utilities themselves have "reverse-engineered" WeatherWise processes You mean you can't get a government-backed monopoly on your product, so you actually have to compete ?! With competitors who charge lower prices ?! Cry me a river. Seriously. Not only will buying oil futures make them lots of money if they're right, it will help raise the price of oil, thus driving investment in alternative energy. The peak oil people don't get it: higher oil prices aren't the problem; they're the solution. I would suggest principle/principal instead. Here's the 7500x7500 image of it in Seadragon: http://seadragon.com/view/fnr I really like this about Facebook. They're not afraid of change and are willing to make decisions that are unpopular with users but ultimately improve the service. The fact that this is newsworthy is the problem. This data should be available via open APIs. It shouldn't take a licensing agreement negotiated by lawyers for stuff like this to happen. Interesting that this is separate from Intel's Larrabee project http://wikipedia.org/wiki/Larrabee_(GPU) . Larrabee also has the potential to put 48 x86 cores on one chip but provides a fully coherent cache and a ring bus instead of a mesh network with message passing. The other major difference is that Larrabee includes a wide vector processor in each core to run OpenGL/DirectX shaders or OpenCL kernels. I used AppJet myself for small personal projects, and liked it a lot. However, it wasn't complete enough for commercial use, perhaps as a platform for another startup to build their web app on. For example they didn't support development outside their web IDE, multiple code files in a project, a storage system with known scalability properties, or paid accounts with higher resource constraints. I know they were working on at least two of the four features I mentioned above before they decided to abandon AppJet in favor of EtherPad. Building their own app to prove their platform was a good idea, but I guess they just didn't have enough resources to work on the app and the platform at the same time. I'm not sure what the AppJet guys would have considered success to be, but if they expected other companies to build commercial apps on top of their stuff I think they gave up too early. Both Safari and Firefox have by now had a chance to copy this behavior, but neither have, even though both have added other features to their tab bars. I was able to load several roms with no trouble (though the UI could use some work). The performance was fine (3GS here) and the accuracy of graphics and gameplay seemed good, but the sound was very glitchy. Hopefully it can be fixed in an update before Apple boots it from the store. Ultimately the biggest problem with this is that the touchscreen just isn't as good as physical buttons for the kinds of games that the NES had. I loaded the ROMs from my mac mini via the web sharing feature of OS X (Apache). All the ROMs I tried worked the first time. Some ROM formats may not be supported; the ones I used had a .nes file extension. What Every Computer Scientist Should Know About Floating-Point Arithmetic: http://docs.sun.com/source/806-3568/ncg_goldberg.html Still hoping Google's acquisition of On2 means the VP* series of codecs is coming to HTML 5 royalty free. How can that be if the standard was ratified in 2003? For patents filed after 1995 the patent term is based on the filing date of the application, not the date the patent is granted. I like the concept; the transaction cost of micropayments is reduced by separating the decision of how much to pay from the act of making the payment. Sorry, no. Theora is better than H.26 3 , which YouTube currently uses for compatibility with older Flash players. This does mean that Chris DiBona was wrong, but Theora is still worse than H.26 4 (which YouTube uses for all but the lowest quality clips). http://web.mit.edu/xiphmont/Public/theora/demo7.html Check out the last graph on the page. As they point out, PSNR isn't a 100% unbiased way to compare codecs. However, the graph, made by the theora developers themselves running the bleeding edge encoder on content of their choosing, clearly shows that Theora requires 50% larger files to produce the same PSNR as H.264. I sure hope so, because it's the only way past the current HTML5 video impasse. Has anyone proposed any other plausible reason why Google would buy On2? If they want to be taken seriously they should not make the claim that Theora is as good as H.264 when that is clearly false. Theora is better than H.263, but worse than H.264. http://web.mit.edu/xiphmont/Public/theora/demo7.html Check out the last graph on the page: when measured using PSNR, Theora tweaked to the max is roughly 50% worse than x264's default settings. This argument is ridiculous. Flash is native code and does not run in a sandbox. It already interacts with graphics hardware through numerous other APIs and has the ability to kill your system in innumerable other ways. An API for hardware acceleration of video decoding should be the least of your worries. Furthermore, this argument would apply just as well to WebGL, which gives graphics hardware access directly to Javascript on any website you visit. WebGL is awesome and I believe it can be done safely. I don't know much about QTKit but I think it's entirely plausible that it isn't flexible enough for use in Flash. Flash needs complete control over drawing because videos are integrated with other Flash content (likely rendered at least partially in software), and can be manipulated by ActionScript to produce effects such as 360 degree video: http://www.immersivemedia.com/work/cbc/hockey/index.html That's not what sandboxing means. Flash is in a separate process but not sandboxed. It has full access to the local system. The kind of companies that force their employees to use IE6 will probably welcome the help in preventing their users from watching YouTube videos. >The legal system is there to figure out if a patent is absurd If the legal system was free and fast, you would have a point. However, the legal system is expensive and slow. A system where a patent as clearly absurd as this one can survive to the point of requiring a legal challenge to be overturned is simply unacceptable. I agree. The patent system is too slow. I'm not sure what your point is, because that only seems to support the argument that the current system of software patents is absurd. Despite the slowness and expense of the review process, crap like this gets through all the time, then requiring an even slower and even more expensive legal challenge. Is that really true? Seems to me like the monetary awards in copyright cases these days have very little to do with actual damages; see the recent P2P filesharing cases where the damages were over a million dollars for a double-digit number of files shared. Yet another link that's broken on the iPhone due to a botched mobile site implementation. When will they learn? Here's hoping the new API allows muting audio in background tabs/windows. Edit: It does! https://wiki.mozilla.org/Plugins:PepperAudioAPI "Still"? Flash is not sandboxed today. AFAIK sound wasn't part of NPAPI before and plugins had to use platform APIs, so any sound problems were Flash's fault alone. Even so, Flash is hardly the only program that behaves badly when hotplugging sound devices so you can't really fault them too much. Speaking of Flash problems, another one I want fixed is keyboard focus handling; specifically how keyboard navigation between HTML and Flash is impossible and browser keyboard shortcuts won't work when Flash has focus. Also, finally killing the windowed/windowless mode distinction will also be great. Considering that games are the most popular form of application in the app store (currently 9/10 top grossing and 6/10 top free apps are games), I think the percentage is quite high. With an XBox Live-like framework for achievements and friend leaderboards even single-player games can be social. That clause is Apple's attempt to prevent a flood of low-quality ported apps. Therefore the argument would be that if languages don't matter, Apple's policy is misguided, and if languages do matter, Apple's policy actually makes sense. (Neither position has any connection with the evilness/goodness of said policy). Personally I tend to believe that languages do matter, and therefore Apple's policy makes sense as a way to prevent crappy ported apps, but it's still evil. It's not impossible to produce a great ported app, just more difficult; plus, porting apps isn't the only reason why you might want to run non-Objective-C code. In addition to merging user assemblies, can you include system assemblies and even the runtime itself? I've always wanted to distribute C# apps as a single executable file that didn't depend on any runtime at all. I think there are some products out there that can do this, but last I checked none of them seemed very good. After I stopped laughing (which took quite a while), I noticed that this thing occasionally surfaces some interesting information that I didn't even realize was on the web. If they presented the results in a way that was a bit more coherent, and linked back to their sources, this thing might actually be useful for something other than comedy. This may not solve the problem, as companies like Apple, Microsoft, Adobe, Nokia, etc need to get on board as well. They are likely to continue the same arguments they raised against Theora; most importantly that VP8 is still vulnerable to patent extortion despite being independently developed. It's probably too much to ask for Google to provide indemnification from patent lawsuits, but hopefully they've at least done some work to help assuage these concerns. A 1.5x scale factor would make existing apps look terrible. They will look fine scaled 2x. If they increase the resolution (and they will; the recently leaked prototype is irrefutable proof) they must increase it 2x for this reason alone. The graphics hardware can't push enough pixels to render 60 FPS on a high dpi display of that size. Also, more RAM would be required. More RAM and faster graphics => more expensive with shorter battery life. This 45-minute keynote presentation has pretty much everything you could possibliy want to know about memristors. If you want the 6-minute condensed version instead, try http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvA5r4LtVnc It seems as if memristors have the potential to be very important to the future of computing, but the one question I haven't seen answered yet is endurance. The operation of memristors involves atoms physically migrating back and forth. If memristors wear out like flash memory after a few thousand switchings then the talk of them replacing DRAM is just hot air, and building artificial synapses seems unlikely to work either. For more technical details try this video of a keynote by R. Stanley Williams: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKGhvKyjgLY Submitted as a YC story here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1287576 Yes, and what I'm wondering is if that's a fundamental limitation or if it's something that can be easily improved. The endurance of DRAM is essentially infinite and I have a feeling that's going to be tough to reach with memristors. LLVM's intermediate representation is more low-level than JVM bytecode and provides no safety guarantees, allowing it to be used for any language including C. LLVM does not provide a language runtime, garbage collector, or JIT compiler. In fact, its principal use right now is as the backend of ahead-of-time compilers like GCC and Clang. What LLVM does provide is a bunch of optimizers that operate on LLVM IR, and a bunch of code generators that take LLVM IR and spit out machine code for different CPUs. Traditionally these things have been inseparable parts of a larger monolithic codebase (e.g. GCC). Compiler writers can now reuse LLVM's optimizers and code generators instead of writing their own, and instead focus on the frontend parts where all the interesting language features live. This guy is so wrong; everything he describes is already happening; he just doesn't see it. There was stagnation for a few years which we're still catching up from, but these days we have innovation out the wazoo. Take WebGL as an example: it started as a Firefox developer's side project, and competed for a while with other 3D APIs like Opera's simple 3D and Google's O3D. Then Khronos got involved, a standard got written, WebKit got support, and next year we'll likely have 3D games written in Javascript running on our phones. What part of that process is broken? Seems to me as if it's working perfectly. Apple modified WebKit to support most uses of a:hover by changing how touch interaction works when a :hover style exists on an element. Apple cannot do this with Flash, which means Jobs's argument here is right on the money. Yes, and because Apple controls WebKit they were able to add a workaround to MobileSafari's touch interactions to prevent breakage on sites that use CSS hover menus (give it a try, they work). Will Adobe's mobile Flash have a similar attention to detail in user interaction design? We'll see. There's also the fact that Washington has no state income tax; that's 10% in Seattle's favor that isn't even accounted for (I looked up ACCRA cost of living indices and they are after-tax). Also see Adobe's work on a C-to-ActionScript compiler: http://labs.adobe.com/technologies/alchemy/ I'd love to see an updated version of that benchmark table with scores for V8, Nitro, and TraceMonkey. HP has already fabricated chips with memristors that are smaller, faster, and lower power than Flash. The problem I see is write endurance. They match Flash in this area as well, but that's not good enough. If memristors are to be applied to anything but storage (e.g. DRAM, SRAM, logic, neural nets) they will need to be many orders of magnitude more durable. Give them a little time; the paper was just published last month! Commercial availability is expected in 2013 according to http://www.technologyreview.com/computing/25018/ I've always suspected that traditional ergonomic advice is basically pseudoscience. My favorite thing is those ergonomic brochures using cartoon people with completely unrealistic proportions. Why don't they use actual pictures instead for clarity? More importantly, where are the references to peer-reviewed ergonomic research showing that so-called "correct" posture actually improves outcomes? Where did all this advice come from in the first place? Somebody's mother? Rotating text by generating custom font files with pre-rotated characters and putting each character in a separate absolutely positioned div element is more "practical" than CSS transforms? I find that difficult to believe. Rotating text by generating custom font files with pre-rotated characters and putting each character in a separate absolutely positioned div element is more "practical" than CSS transforms? I find that difficult to believe. IE (including IE6) supports transforms, as you point out yourself. Of course they don't do it in a standards-compliant way, but that's true for their custom font support also. What problems did you run into? Rendering an HTML element to an image isn't inherently slow; Safari does the same to hardware accelerate CSS animations via Core Animation and it's quite fast there. Of course, it's entirely possible IE's implementation is terrible. I'm curious about the other issues you had as well. If it requires an install it will be irrelevant because Flash will support VP8 and is already installed. This is a research platform, not a consumer product! We'll learn to walk first, and then we'll make it look pretty. Pertinent facts from one of their papers: http://www-clmc.usc.edu/publications/K/kalakrishnan-IROS2009... The robot drives its motors at 400 Hz based on control signals coming in at 100 Hz from an external computer. 100 Hz is probably the limit of the sensing system they're using, which is a motion capture system external to the robot. (Notice the reflective marker balls on top of the robot and also on the terrain.) My guess is that's the limiting factor here, though supporting a higher rate would probably also require faster software, and I have no idea what the limb speed/precision limits of the robot are. Don't worry, we're much farther from that than you might think from this video. This robot can't see where it's going. It requires external cameras watching it from known fixed locations to figure out where it is. Not only that, but the cameras cannot look at a piece of terrain and figure out the 3D structure; the terrain must be mapped out in advance as a 3D mesh, down to the millimeter. Perhaps they meant to cap prices at 5 thousand dollars but it turned out to be 5 thousand cents instead? This is exactly the sort of story I hope HN can avoid as it grows in popularity; silly, overblown, and worst of all technically uninteresting. Let your local TV evening news cover this stuff; keep it off HN. E=mc^2 When you submit an item it should start out upvoted by you; otherwise if you don't realize you can upvote your own submission you start at 0 instead of 1. The biggest problem with online advertising is what happens after you click. Every time an extremely specific ad dumps you into a generic landing page or (worse) search results, that tells you "clicking on ads is a waste of my time". Every time an ad makes false promises of any kind ("PS3 for $21.97", "You won a prize", etc), it reduces the effectiveness of all online advertising because it conditions people to mistrust ads. I think the only way to combat this is to have "branded" ads with guaranteed quality. Google AdSense was the first example of branded ads online (that I know of); they had a unique style that indicated "these ads are different". Unfortunately the style was quickly copied. The only solution to the copying problem is to brand ads with a trademark, e.g. "ads by Google". The quality of AdSense ads has deteriorated over time, so "ads by Google" isn't a real indicator of quality any more, but I think the concept is good and there's room for a new "ad brand" that only accepts real quality ads. Ads that are honest, funny, pretty, respectful, and most of all take you somewhere good when you click. Perhaps iAd could be it. Good; I hope Facebook copies more useful features. That's because it is a GPU. It's Larrabee. Intel couldn't get enough graphics performance out of it to compete with GeForce and Radeon in the graphics card market. However, they can still compete in the GPGPU market, where the specialized graphics hardware that GeForce and Radeon have is less of an advantage, and Larrabee's x86 compatibility is actually useful. Intel is afraid that GPGPU is going to encroach on their CPU turf, and this is their answer. I was surprised to find that OS X doesn't come with wget, but it does include curl: curl http://72.18.130.89/hackermonthly-issue1.pdf --header 'HOST: hackermonthly.com' > hackermonthly-issue1.pdf Perhaps instead HN could adopt a Creative Commons license for comment text; that way no permission would be needed, and it seems like the Right Thing anyway. I figured the command line option existed but why bother looking it up in a man page and then memorizing it when > works perfectly? IANAL, but by posting here you necessarily give HN an implicit license to distribute your comment, roughly equivalent to the legal boilerplate you'd find on YouTube or similar ("worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to redistribute, perform," etc). I don't think making it explicit with Creative Commons would be an "imposition". Creative Commons wouldn't give HN or anyone else ownership of your comment. Opt-in wouldn't solve the problem for Hacker Monthly, as few people would bother. Opt-out would be fine. BTW, CC/NC precludes inclusion in Hacker Monthly as it is sold and contains advertisements. Handling binary data in Javascript will soon get a lot better with the new Typed Arrays spec: http://people.mozilla.com/~vladimir/jsvec/TypedArray-spec.ht... It was invented for WebGL but is already being used by the guys doing raw audio APIs and will hopefully see wide adoption wherever binary data is found (2D Canvas, sockets, XMLHttpRequest, Web Workers, storage, local file access). Of course HN can't retroactively relicense existing comments, and that's not what I'm suggesting. An option to install your own apps would dramatically increase piracy, which would harm not just the App Store but developers too. The lesson is clear from the game industry's PC/console battle, which consoles have won in large part due to even tighter restrictions than those imposed by the App Store. It's the age-old battle between retained-mode and immediate-mode graphics APIs. Immediate-mode always wins in the end because every retained-mode system is hiding an immmediate-mode system underneath, and the extra layer between app code and the display ends up slowing things down. SVG isn't going away; in fact it is likely to enjoy a surge in interest and adoption next year when IE9 is released, because for the first time a majority of web browsers will have SVG support. The problem with sunrise is that it changes with the seasons and DST; here in Seattle it's 5 AM in the summer and 8 AM in the winter. Unfortunately my other obligations don't change with it. The screen looks incredible. You know how phone ads often disclaim "screen images simulated"? Now the real screen looks as good as any "simulated" picture: http://www.engadget.com/photos/iphone-4-hands-on-black/#3053... Not only video but also hardware-accelerated CSS animations and 3D transforms. Safari has the most advanced graphics architecture of any browser right now, and all the major browsers are working on catching up. Firefox's plan: http://www.basschouten.com/blog1.php/2010/01/18/layers-cross... IE's plan: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/ie/archive/2010/04/09/benefits-of-gp... Opera hasn't publicly announced hardware-accelerated graphics yet, but they are moving to a new codebase that could support it in theory: http://my.opera.com/core/blog/2009/02/04/vega Chrome actually seems like the least far along right now, which seems odd given their focus on performance. Some of the work was done for them by Apple in WebKit, but there's still a lot to be done. Skia is not based on OpenGL and Chrome is not hardware accelerated. http://blog.chromium.org/2008/10/graphics-in-google-chrome.h... Why is dating "small-time"? What other category of website can actually charge subscription fees and still attract a large mainstream user base? I think the system works as designed even in your case. By not accepting loans you haven't proved you will pay them back if you get them; you've simply proved that you don't like loans. You might assert that not taking loans demonstrates some sort of fiscal responsibility, but I'd say the hard data collected by the credit rating companies trumps your anecdotal evidence. Think about it; if someone who hasn't taken loans their whole life suddenly wants a loan, isn't that a bad sign for their fiscal situation? Why shouldn't they have a lower score than someone who has proven they will pay back loans by actually doing it many times? OkCupid has a feature exactly like that; it's called IceBreakers. They have ten or so different ways of introducing people, each with different game-theoretic properties. (QuickMatch ratings are especially interesting). I like the idea. My 2c: Pick one font for content and (possibly) one other font for headings/menus. Different weights count as different fonts. Keep the number of fonts very low. Above all, do not use Comic Sans, ever . The animations are distracting because they last too long; make them snappier. This is a common mistake when designing UI animations; people are afraid that their great animations will go unnoticed if they are too short and make them too long instead. Trust me, we will notice your short animations. Also there is a bug: your animations can't be interrupted, so if you mouse in and out 10 times they will continue flashing long after the mouse has stopped moving. Have you considered using CSS transitions instead of Javascript? Empty space is just as important as text. You have left plenty of horizontal space, but your vertical spacing is inconsistent. The menu at the top needs more vertical space around the links (or perhaps the same space needs a smaller font with increased tracking AKA letter-spacing). The vertical space between items in the right column seems random, with very little space above the RSS link, extra space in the top of the green box and no space at the bottom. The left column has more space under the byline than above the headline which is weird, and there is zero space below the footer. Why don't they support 5GHz for 802.11n? I've worked with display walls before and trust me, even a one-pixel gap between displays is too distracting for any real use. Considering the tiny size of these pixels it would be impossible to get the screens that close together. Actually, I think the screen tech is already there and it's really the terrible scaling support in OSes that is holding things back. Nobody buys high DPI displays because the experience of using one with Windows sucks. If it's true that iOS 4 automatically scales apps while improving text sharpness that will make it far more advanced than both Windows and Mac OS. If you have nothing useful to add to the conversation, please continue to ignore these topics. I can only assume you believe that the DPI controls in OS X and Windows are actually useful, and to that I would say: have you ever actually tried to use them? The iOS DPI controls are the simplest and most straightforward of any contemporary system, which is why they will likely actually work, in contrast to the OS X and Windows DPI controls which have never worked and likely will never work. I call that more advanced. You are confusing resolution and DPI. Windows has been dealing with DPI variance by completely ignoring it since the early 90s, with the result that the physical size of interface elements varies with your screen's DPI, and high DPI displays are impractical. iOS doesn't have the option of ignoring DPI because in a touch interface the physical size of interface elements actually matters. I don't know; people were pretty excited about the AMOLED screen. The excitement was tempered, however, by the fact that it's useless in daylight. Also, people liked the industrial design of the Droid. Take this quote from Engadget's review: "an industrial design straight from a gadget enthusiast's fever-dream"; and this: "they've made a device which is truly lustworthy, even next to the best efforts of Apple, HTC, and Palm." Most people didn't go to school because they worked in agricultural jobs that didn't require education. In 1870 half the country worked on farms [1]; today it's [1] http://www.bls.gov/opub/mlr/1981/11/art2full.pdf [2] http://www.csrees.usda.gov/qlinks/extension.html Same-day convenience. Also, won't the market be flooded as soon as iPhone 4 is released? Don't forget: GPS, accelerometer, gyroscope, microphone, second microphone, still/video camera, second still/video camera, flash/light, touchscreen, proximity sensor, light sensor, and to top it all off an internal battery with a minimum life of 6 hours. Unlawful provisions aren't the only problem; what about selective enforcement? When everyone is a lawbreaker selective enforcement gives law enforcement tremendous power beyond what's written in the law. A similar situation applies to contracts, and contracts for software and services are so impenetrable these days that you're bound to be violating something or other just in everyday use. Circumventing access controls should not be illegal. The DMCA has shown us why this is a bad idea. If circumventing access controls leads to a real crime, then prosecute that crime instead. For an analogy to the real world, think about lockpicking. Lockpicking should be legal. Picking locks isn't the real crime; it's theft, trespassing, destruction of property, etc. that we should prosecute. In this case users authorized Power Ventures to access their Facebook accounts (in exactly the same way users authorize Facebook to access their GMail/Hotmail/etc. accounts), so no actual crime was committed after circumventing the access controls. Why do browsers have such ridiculously low default cache limits? Desktop browsers do the same thing; Firefox's default cache size is 50 MB. That's 0.01% of my available storage. I'd be more than happy to devote a whole 1% of my storage to speeding up web browsing, which is after all the primary activity most people perform on a computer these days. That would give a cache size of ~150 MB on an iPhone and 5 GB on my desktop. Meh. There's no reason the using the iPhone/iPad app should cost money. The subscription should get you back seasons, not just back episodes from the current season. The media companies are afraid of losing their DVD revenues, but if they don't loosen up they may just end up driving more people to illegal sites. "Despite all the evidence that C is quite alright for many applications, and that no, the world doesn't end because of its use" The world only doesn't end because people are so used to the terrible security record of C apps that they don't even blink when new remote code execution vulnerabilities are found daily. Perhaps someday we'll realize it doesn't have to be this way. Also, of course the Boehm GC isn't very good. It's ancient and in no way representative of the latest technology in garbage collection. GC can only really be good when it's integrated with the language. A precise generational collector would perform far better but wouldn't be so easy to drop into a C codebase. GC isn't required to be safe, and it doesn't guarantee safety, but it does makes safety a whole lot more likely. Boehm is the best garbage collector given its constraints, but that doesn't make it a good garbage collector overall, or even one worth using. I agree that good GC requires language support; what I disagree with is the attitude that people should use C anyway and forget GC because Boehm isn't good. I tried looking for the Kin app on Facebook and found nothing. Do you have a link? It's not a replacement for PayPal, it's a supplement to AdSense. Interesting presentation on the topic of designing games into everyday life: http://g4tv.com/videos/44277/DICE-2010-Design-Outside-the-Bo... Skip to 17:30 for the most relevant part (but the whole thing is interesting) If it's based on iOS, it will probably have an App Store. People will want to make games for it, but infrared remote control input will make for frustrating controls. Is that what this thing is for? http://www.engadget.com/2010/06/07/apples-magic-trackpad-rev... They're working on fixing this the Right Way and right now it's on the list for Firefox 4: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=562258 Because distributing software built for traditional desktop OSes sucks. Installing trusted code for your desktop OS is the past; on-demand caching of sandboxed code on the Web is the present and future. The success of the web browser as an app platform has little to do with HTML and Javascript as languages (though they have been a decent base to build on). The web has been successful because of the browser's sandbox and HTTP's mostly stateless and cacheable distribution model, which are incredibly valuable app deployment tools that traditional OSes simply don't have. Wouldn't 700 nm antennas would be easy to make? We've been fabricating features smaller than that on silicon wafers since 1994 (according to Wikipedia). I find dragging the scrollbar thumb almost the least effective way to scroll (second only to clicking the up/down arrows), and I'm a big fan of the auto-loading. Browsers really ought to wait until you stop dragging to change the range of the scrollbar. Apple already got plenty of flak for leaving out features like wallpapers in the name of performance; if they hadn't released iOS4 for the 3G at all they would have been crucified by the same people. Releasing the update and telling people not to install it would also have been a dumb idea. The only thing they can reasonably do is allow downgrades back to 3, or improve performance in 4.1. Chrome's pace of major version releases is already faster than any other desktop software I'm aware of, but I'm glad they're not stopping there. Other projects should learn from Chrome: remove all user interaction from your automatic update process and you can release new versions as often as you want. Since the introduction of automatic transmissions many people haven't been learning how to shift a manual transmission. These people aren't necessarily worse drivers. Aww, it installs its own copy of the iOS SDK, so you can't use it with the iOS 4.1 beta yet. What's crazy is expecting the user to manage codecs. Do you really want to have to explain to your parents the performance, compatibility, and most of all security implications of various codecs websites ask them to install? Let the browser developers do that work. Users can have ffvp8 in 6 weeks when Chrome's new release process cycles again; I think that's plenty fast. > Building a codec into the browser doesn't get you out of having to explain to your parents how to get codecs on their system. Yes it does; I don't have to explain how to install codecs because my parents don't download videos, because all the videos they want to watch are embedded in web pages (today via Flash, tomorrow HTML5). Supposing they did want to download a video file for some reason, then ideally the browser's video player would be just as nice as the OS one, and the browser would take over that duty. That hasn't happened yet, but it will, and the end of that road is Chrome OS. The desktop OS with trusted native apps installed on a local filesystem is becoming obsolete. The future is sandboxed apps cached via HTTP. This is a pet peeve of mine: when arguing about whether something should be legal, its current legality is irrelevant. Pointing out how illegal, unlicensed, etc these places are does not work as an argument against legalizing them, or as an argument for making them "more illegal". Stick to the factual arguments about crime, taxes, etc, because that's what the decision should be based on. Doesn't Spotify have a lot of free options? This is just another subscription music service. What makes Rdio better than last.fm subscriptions, Pandora One, Zune Pass, Napster, and Rhapsody? Whaaa? Either the NYTimes is completely wrong about what this agreement entails, or Google has a lot of explaining to do. I think the bigger feature is the ability to invite non-paying members to the paid maps. It's nice to know that the option to run your own server exists, but I don't see it being that widely used. In any case, there are very few games I've played for an entire year, and for those few games I'd have been happy to pay more for the promise of continued support and more content. Another thing to check is condo or homeowner's association fees. The default value in the calculator is 0, but for many condos the fees are 1/4 or more of what you'd pay in rent on a comparable apartment, which makes a huge difference long-term. Fine, but personal diet anecdotes aren't what eavc is asking for. What trustworthy sources are these decisions based on? I prefer science to instinct. One human lifetime doesn't provide nearly enough opportunities for diet experiments to determine all the correct answers for yourself, even if you could separate real diet effects from personal bias, the placebo effect, and other influences in your life. I've never seen HOA fees listed separately from rent for apartment buildings. I've rented in LA and Seattle; maybe it's different other places. Just passing through really, though I have been thinking lately that I need to improve my diet and was hoping to find some interesting sources to read through in here. High school, TI-89 graphing calculator. Made some games using the built-in BASIC, then moved on to C. Twiddling bits to read input registers and write framebuffers was incredibly educational; that calculator taught me more about programming than math. Another thing: Outlook costs $140 by itself while iOS Mail and iCal are free. The rest of Office is an additional $150. iWork on iOS costs $30 if you buy all three apps. In general Windows apps cost more, are a pain to install, and aren't designed for touch. For a Win7 tablet to compete it will need an App Store that has a section exclusively for touch apps. What I'd like to see is the ability to give a read-only login to third parties like Mint. Nitpick: As the name implies, megatexturing solves the problem of texture memory management and rendering, allowing essentially unlimited texture detail on any object. The problem of unlimited geometry detail is still unsolved. Carmack has hinted that id Tech 6 may tackle the geometry problem using voxels instead of polygons, and id actually demoed a voxel rendering system at SIGGRAPH 2008: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpEpAFGplnI This is the best explanation of the technique I've found (if you need enough detail to implement it): http://silverspaceship.com/src/svt/ He uses the name "Sparse Virtual Textures" instead of megatextures so it's not very googleable. Also it's a video, not a paper, but the code is included. If you define the Web instead as "stuff that happens in web browsers" then... you come to the same conclusion. What definition of the Web would not include all this video traffic? Had nobody ever attempted to fix these problems in a non-backwards-compatible way? I'm imagining a new "almost-c++" that ditches the preprocessor for something better and makes a few other changes with the goal of vastly improved compile times. Then it should be possible to produce a GCC or Clang++ plugin that translates from C++ to "almost-C++" automatically, making it trivial to switch. I think the automatic translator is the most important part. Also, this would be impossible when mailing anyone who checks their GMail using POP, IMAP, or Exchange ActiveSync. Have you tried an iPad? For some reason Mobile Safari is still far better at scaling pages than desktop Safari. Opera's hardware acceleration is vaporware. It has not been included in any release of Opera, despite that article being over a year old now. Apple is fighting jailbreaking, but not for the carriers. (Steve Jobs famously called them "orifices".) Apple is fighting jailbreaking to prevent piracy of App Store apps. have something on the device verify the origin and integrity of iOS images before allowing them to be installed or run. iOS already does this. The device won't accept an iOS image unless it has been signed by Apple. Not only that, but iTunes now "verifies with Apple" over the Internet that you are allowed to install the update before proceeding. Not only that, but all binaries including App Store apps and even debug builds of apps produced by the iOS SDK must be signed. I think Apple is using all the "effective technical measures" available to them. The only way to run code not signed by Apple is to exploit a vulnerability, and e-fuses wouldn't patch the vulnerabilities that allow jailbreaking. At best e-fuses would allow Apple to brick a jailbroken device if the owner was foolish enough to attempt an OS upgrade. The only way I could see them making iOS tighter is rewriting the whole thing in a safer language than C to cut the number of vulnerabilities. The fact that a remote root vulnerability existed means Apple doesn't care about jailbreaking? By that logic OpenBSD doesn't care about security because they've had two remote root vulnerabilities. Before the iPhone even came out it was obvious people would try to jailbreak them, and signed firmwares are a necessary part of jailbreak defense. You're right that Apple couldn't have been defending the App Store from jailbreaks before it was invented, but back then they did care about the carriers. They had a lot to prove. Now Apple is the darling of the industry and they have no reason to kowtow to the carriers any more, but they continue to fight jailbreaks to protect the App Store. Oh, I see, but that doesn't demonstrate his point that Apple isn't fighting jailbreaking very hard. For that he would need an example of a vulnerability that Apple didn't fix. Remotely exploitable vulnerabilities, yes, but local vulnerabilities are much less urgent to fix. If Apple truly didn't care about jailbreaks, local-only vulnerabilities might stick around a lot longer. To solve this specific problem, perhaps try asking at Server Fault: http://serverfault.com/ Well, the whole thing is nothing but a vehicle for Apple's own iTunes store link spam. It's ironic that Apple didn't realize anyone else could use it to spam their users too. Privacy advocates would be screaming bloody murder if Ping automatically scrobbled. Apple wanted to avoid waking that beast. The scale really measures force, not mass. On the left the scale measures 9.81 Newtons applied by the weight, which is labeled 1kg because Earth gravity is assumed. The ceiling applies an equal but opposite force on the top of the scale through the suspending string, otherwise the scale would accelerate downward. On the right the force from the ceiling is replaced by force from another weight; this doesn't change the reading on the scale. Your first paragraph is wrong. You can't switch frames like that because in a collision both cars will quickly come to rest relative to the ground, so kinetic energy in the ground frame is what matters. A car at 120 MPH has 4 times the kinetic energy of a car at 60 MPH, not 2 times, because kinetic energy increases as the square of velocity. I'll agree with the projectile thing though. When simplified, yes, but if you start talking about projectiles then you are explicitly not simplifying things, and should also account for the effect of the ground because it's probably a larger concern than projectiles in a collision like this. The best way to get a feel for it is to download the free demo of Galcon. It's a great game and it's available on Windows, Mac, Linux, iPhone, iPad, Android, and even WebOS; give it a try. The answers to your questions are simple addition, no growth, random numbers, yes, and yes. The particles are divs styled with border-radius and position:absolute. Seems like SVG, Canvas, or CSS transforms would be better; I wonder if they chose border-radius and position:absolute for speed or compatibility? I don't have a copy of IE around to try; do they do something different there? It's amazing the hoops people are willing to jump through to get fast graphics on the web. When WebGL comes out and makes all these hacks obsolete you're going to start seeing some really amazing stuff. Or border-radius. So they have to have a special IE mode regardless. Free apps generally get worse reviews. Also, once you've obtained the app by any means then all updates are free. I think you're underestimating WebGL. The Quake 2 demo was a port from C to Java, compiled to Javascript, of a codebase that was originally designed in the heyday of software rendering. It's surprising that it works at all, and shouldn't be seen as a demonstration of the full capabilities of WebGL. That "Project Sword" demo is built with OpenGL ES 2.0, which is the same API WebGL is based on. All the GPU-based effects will work exactly the same in WebGL. The only part WebGL might have trouble with is the CPU-driven particle systems and cloth simulation, but even there you might be surprised at what V8, Nitro, and JaegerMonkey can achieve these days. And if the performance still doesn't satisfy you, GPGPU is now an option. If you check http://www.arewefastyet.com you'll see graphs of Firefox's trajectory vs. other browsers. It may look like the other browsers are standing still, but that's just because Firefox is legitimately improving at a much, much faster rate. Of course. Their pace is still impressive, though. Supporting 1 TB of memory on a 32-bit system reminds me of the bad old days of DOS extended memory. Are there any plans for a 64-bit ARM chip? I still think Windows is significantly better in the window management department. Exposé is nice, but Windows 7's mouse gestures for maximize/restore are just brilliant, I prefer the taskbar to the dock, and the top menu is a liability now that many apps are ditching menu bars altogether. If clients implemented that spec then burnbit wouldn't work because it requires specific server support. Here's a different spec using standard HTTP range requests, which makes a lot more sense: http://www.getright.com/seedtorrent.html I see what's going on here. Mozilla's trace compilation approach has a lot of startup overhead but produces extremely fast optimized code for inner loops. Therefore, their benchmark includes compute-intensive tests with long-running inner loops to amortize out the costs of JIT compilation and focus on the raw speed of the generated code, where they beat Chrome. (Note that I'm not saying this is unfair or biased at all. This is a good set of benchmarks to have.) Mozilla (specifically Vladimir Vukićević) has been the driving force behind WebGL from the start, and they're also leading the way in audio: https://wiki.mozilla.org/Audio_Data_API#Authors Isn't broadcasting live video expressly forbidden by AT&T's 3G TOS? Actually, since they are US-based iPhone developers, they did, but that's not even the issue. Users of the app would be breaking the TOS. I don't know about you, but as a consumer I don't like it when companies insert BS clauses they have no intention of enforcing (or worse, selectively enforcing) in their TOS. Not that anyone here needs more convincing that AT&T sucks... http://www.wireless.att.com/cell-phone-service/legal/plan-te... It's actually the very first thing on their list of prohibited uses. Examples of prohibited uses include, without limitation, the following: (i) server devices or host computer applications, including, but not limited to, Web camera posts or broadcasts, [...] Wow, if speaking names of colors is such a huge deal to him, imagine how he'd feel about an app that could read text aloud using the camera! I wonder if you could also make an app that would generate sounds from the camera in a way that would allow a blind person to "see" with their ears. What if you took a line across the image and used the intensities as input to an inverse FFT, what would that sound like? I think it has a lot to do with synthetic happiness as described in this TED talk by Dan Gilbert: http://www.ted.com/talks/lang/eng/dan_gilbert_asks_why_are_w... TL;DW: People who make an irreversible decision (buying an app) rationalize their choice ("it must be good, I paid money for it") and become more satisfied with the outcome over time, while people who make a reversible decision (trying out a free app) waffle back and forth ("maybe the other one is better after all") and become less satisfied. The problem is Apple hasn't enabled hardware acceleration for Canvas on Mobile Safari. If this demo was instead using CSS transforms and animations, which are hardware accelerated, it would run locked at 60 FPS no problem. Hardware acceleration for 2D Canvas would be nice to have, but what would be even better is WebGL. That would blow Flash out of the water for sure. WebGL was recently enabled by default in Firefox 4 nightly builds so it's looking like a lock for the final release; hopefully Apple and Google follow suit. Both. I could be wrong, but I don't think this particular demo uses Flash's hardware acceleration support. I'm not surprised that Flash's software rasterizer is faster than Apple's Canvas. They did enable hardware acceleration for some parts of HTML5 (and it's quite impressive when used), just not for Canvas. They're not alone; no implementation of Canvas was hardware accelerated until IE9. If you ask me, hardware acceleration of Canvas is a no-brainer, and it should have been in the very first implementation. It's frankly embarrassing that it took IE9, of all things, to make browser people realize that graphics hardware is orders of magnitude faster than software rasterizers, and that's important. Where is the science? Show me some studies and experiments. This qualitative BS is worse than useless. This is how Chrome has worked since forever, and it's a good thing. Asking the user for confirmation for security updates leads directly to users running known-insecure versions of software. If you don't want auto-updates, use Chromium. > Almost any time you take control away from the user, it's bad. Right, that's why the App Store has been a huge flop, and its closed model isn't being duplicated by everyone who's making an OS these days as fast as they can run their copy machines. (Yes, I know that the App Store does prompt users for updates, but in all other respects it's a much more tightly controlled system than PCs, and users love it.) Well, cruise control is legal, and since there's a trained professional behind the wheel at all times accepting liability there's no legal issue. The real issue comes when you want to let the car drive itself alone... Windows Phone 7: it's the phone you won't want to use. Maybe this sounds strange, but I couldn't be happier that people are paying for the privilege of contacting me. In my experience it keeps the signal/noise ratio high, and I'm perfectly happy to let LinkedIn keep the fees as long as I keep getting value out of the messages. I've been contacted by recruiters from Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Facebook, and many more through LinkedIn. When one of these guys contacts you, it's a free pass through the most frustrating part of a job search: getting someone to even give your resume a second glance. Those contacts have resulted in two job offers I didn't accept and one that I did. Considering that just one accepted job offer is a life-changing event, LinkedIn has justified all the time I've spent on it (not much) many times over. Wow this is weird, I went to elementary school with one of these guys and now I can look up his salary on the Internet. His 2009 pay is more than my base salary this year at Google, though I will probably make more with my bonus. However, he's on a very steep upward trend so his 2010 pay will probably be more than mine again. I don't think I'd trade jobs, though, police work isn't for me. (Edit: also just noticed that his pay includes quite a bit of overtime...) If you have a quality 802.11n AP then WiFi is actually faster than 100 Mbps Ethernet, making a USB 10/100 Ethernet adapter pointless. That speed isn't theoretical; I'm in a high-rise apartment building and I can see 25 other SSIDs from my couch, but I still have no problems getting >100 Mbps from an AirPort to a MacBook. Yet another reason NAT sucks... WebGL also "harnesses" DirectX, via ANGLE. Contacts can have URLs, does clicking one of those open Safari? Universal healthcare aims to distribute a limited resource based on need not ability to pay. Proponents like this because it is fairer and doesn't leave people suffering. And opponents dislike this because it's impossible. If such a magical distribution method existed then we should obviously be using it for everything, not just healthcare, and that's called socialism. I'm not saying the UK's system is impossible. I'm saying it is staggeringly, almost criminally inefficient. I'm also not saying the current US system is better; we have our own set of regulations that have made our healthcare system as inefficient as any in the world. The time it takes to open Firefox is dominated not by computation but by waiting for the correct chunks of data to rotate past your hard disk's read head. Even with an SSD I/O bandwidth and latency are probably still the bottlenecks. Even assuming disk I/O took zero time, it's likely that loading Firefox would still dominated by waiting, this time for cache misses. I'd love to know more about how this works. Anyone with a Nature subscription want to give a summary with more technical details? edit: here's a longer video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RuHEliwJnA Sorry, but if you're comparing open source contributions, Google wins by any metric. Consider Chromium, V8, Android, WebM, GWT, Protocol buffers, the Closure Javascript library+compiler+linter, and jillions of other projects ( http://code.google.com/hosting/search?q=label:google ), not to mention the tremendous support they've given Mozilla over the years, their work in defining and promoting open standards like HTML5, plus indirect contributions via the Google Summer of Code program. Have you heard the noise these things make? They're about as "stealth" as lawnmowers. id's game design is generally good; they know how to really nail gameplay. The problems in id games come from the generic cliché stories and settings. Rage looks like yet another predominantly brown post-apocalyptic lone-silent-protagonist-versus-hideously-ugly-screaming-mutant-monsters game. What licensees can bring to id's engine are interesting stories in novel settings. For example, I'm hoping someone at Activision realizes that this open-world car-combat + first-person shooter engine is the perfect vehicle for a reboot of the Interstate '76 franchise. Dang, hadn't heard that. Well, at least the next Bethesda RPG will have a decent engine to build on... Honestly the hardware is more interesting than the software. Yeah, skeleton tracking is cool, but the hardware is capable of so much more. 3D scanning, mapping, and localization for robots come to mind. With the microphone array built in, Kinect is basically begging to be the eyes and ears of a robot. Completely wrong. Kinect is not a stereo vision system. It's the first consumer application of a completely new class of cameras which directly measures depth by the time of flight of a reflected laser beam. It's literally a 320x240 array of laser rangefinders. It's called a flash LIDAR camera, and the quality and robustness of the depth data is far beyond anything achievable from stereo vision today even with high-end cameras, let alone webcams. edit: Actually, there seems to be some confusion on the Internet about exactly how Kinect's depth sensor works, and it may be more likely based on structured light scanning than LIDAR (though Microsoft has recently acquired some LIDAR startups). Either way, though, the depth data quality is far beyond any kind of stereo vision. Rejection isn't really the goal. The goal is to find opportunities, and rejections are the indicator of whether you're trying hard enough or not. So if you're happy with the opportunities you're finding there's no need to seek out more rejection. It's not HN, it's a feature of HTML. All whitespace characters (including tabs and newlines) are condensed to a single space, and leading/trailing spaces are removed. So if you have a habit of double-spacing after sentences, HTML simply ignores you, unless you use or &nbsp;. After seeing the things people have done with software-rendered 2D canvas I'm convinced that once WebGL gives every web developer access to hardware-accelerated 2D/3D we're going to see an explosion of innovation on the Web to rival the one unleashed by XMLHttpRequest. Not only bad lighting conditions but repeating patterns, low-contrast backrounds and large areas of a single color. Kinect is far more robust than any kind of stereo vision, and at the same time far less CPU intensive. Kinect has been out for less than two weeks! I can't wait to see what these hacks look like after a year. There's so much potential in using Kinect as a robot sensor package it's not even funny. Just give the circumvention service an easy-to-remember IP, like the famous DNS servers 4.2.2.1 and 8.8.8.8. This is right. In my experience, when you tell interviewers that you already know the answer to their favorite interview question (and can explain the answer) they are just as impressed as if you had solved it yourself, and you don't feel like you've deceived them. What I want is Google Reader for my gmail, twitter, and facebook. But with the extra feature of de-duplication, so when my friend tweets and updates facebook at the same time I only see it once. Is anyone doing this? You just described Playstation Move. I don't want one of these, but I'd buy a watch with a Mirasol display and a wireless connection to the iPhone in my pocket for push notifications and iPod control. Yeah, like that! Very cool, although their OLED screen means it's probably not on all the time, which makes it less useful as a watch. For the concept to really work it has to be effortless to check at a glance, because if you're going to be fiddling with it you might as well just take your phone out of your pocket. Web-based "Emacs": http://www.ymacs.org/ > Will Google allow you to install a patched version on a native Chrome OS notebook? The answer is an unqualified yes. According to Google, jailbreak mode is a feature of Chrome OS hardware. On the Cr-48, it requires flipping a small switch under the battery. The App Store has proven that most software is overpriced. If there was a book store with $.99 and $1.99 books, I think we would discover something very similar. You don't have to buy that hardware. The point is Google is all in favor of you having control. What OpenGL hardware and drivers are you using? What OS, and what GPU? This would only allow you to sniff/MITM SSL connections made by/to the router itself, right? Not connections made by users of the router to servers on the Internet. What do these routers use SSL for, anyway? Update checks? Admin control panels? You don't mark pointers, you unmap a page of virtual memory. This instantly invalidates all pointers to that page without touching them, and allows you to immediately reuse that physical memory by mapping it to a new virtual address. When you eventually dereference a pointer to an unmapped page the processor's MMU throws a page fault. The VM catches the fault and fixes up the pointer on the spot. What I'd like to know is how you can guarantee that all garbage is eventually collected in a system like this, and how you can guarantee that you've fixed up all pointers to an unmapped virtual page so you can reuse it. Yes, exactly, in fact I was just editing my post to add that concern! Their garbage collector constantly scans the heap fixing up pointers so you don't have to wait for every reference to hit a page fault, but it seems difficult to guarantee that you're done if the program is twiddling references while the collector is doing its work. Perhaps there is also a write barrier which makes sure to never write a pointer to a collected page. Page faults are usually expensive because the bits you need must be read in from disk. In this case the bits you need are still in RAM, and could even conceivably be in cache. It's probably not tremendously more expensive than a cache miss (which is still quite expensive, but hopefully the collector is fixing up pointers fast enough that actual page faults are relatively rare). An interesting idea, but I'd imagine the tables you need to maintain to fixup pointers would become prohibitively large before you ran out of address space. Only if the program hasn't written a new reference to the unmapped page in that time. You need to check on writes too. The problem is you're not just moving whole pages, you're moving and compacting the objects within that page. Each object in the page has a new offset in the new page (or pages). The guy didn't plan to steal $25000 chips, he just walked away with what was there. I'll bet there are ways to fence the lower-denomination chips for somewhat less than face value. You could probably sell the $100 chips for $50 each to random suckers on the strip with a good story. I guess I don't understand how the mark phase can work while the program is running. If the program is constantly modifying references then how does the GC know when it's done marking? If the program modifies an object that's already been scanned during this mark phase, does the GC have to go back and re-scan that object? If so, then how can you guarantee the mark phase will complete without stopping the program at some point? How do you mark a single reference? Don't you have to mark all its children recursively, in the worst case scanning the whole heap (if this cycle just started and the GC thread hasn't gotten far yet) before returning control to the program? Anyone here ever clicked on an iAd? The experience is reminiscent of an early '00s Flash-based website, complete with 30 second loading screen, "skip intro" button, poorly-designed non-standard UI widgets to puzzle over, and terrible framerate. It's an experience I wouldn't put up with for a useful app, let alone an advertisement . Not sure what Apple was thinking... I prefer Grand Central Dispatch, which fixes the callback model by providing closures and anonymous functions as an extension to the C language. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand_Central_Dispatch#Examples Hulu has DRM. I suppose these people would rather have us stop buying iPhones, have Foxconn go out of business, and have all these teens go back to their poverty-stricken villages for a life of subsistence farming? After all, capitalist factory owners are evil, while living off the land is virtuous and pure! Or something. I'd put it more like 10-15 years away. Memristor memories have actually been fabricated by HP and yet won't be in products for another three years at least. Nobody even knows how to fabricate a practical racetrack memory device. You can install as many of the highest quality routers as you like, but you can't control the devices. The devices interfere with each other because they weren't designed for or tested in an environment with thousands in the same room (and many if not most WiFi devices have crappy hardware and/or software). Except when I clear my cookies (rare), or use a different browser or computer (often). Also, I'll forget the password unless I reuse one I type more often, but password reuse is bad. Better for NYTimes to "get over it" and stop with the registration wall. In Chrome a Google search is in the right-click menu after selecting the article title text. Four clicks and no typing beats URL hacking, and Googlebot is so fast these days that it's always seen the page before I got there, and it's always the first hit for the full article title (even without quotes). Holy crap, you add full article text to RSS feeds? My hero! I'm sure it's not related to this guy's problem, but I was surprised to find that Kinect puts out some visible light; you can easily see it when looking directly into the emitter, and if you get close enough (think centimeters) you can actually see (what I assume is) the dot pattern. Science journalism is so frustrating! Here's the version for smart people: http://web.media.mit.edu/~bates/Summary_files/BatesTalk.pdf In summary: Low-precision high-dynamic range arithmetic (floating point with small mantissa, ~1% error) uses ~100x less power and die area than IEEE floating point. The errors are acceptable for a huge class of applications (basically anything you'd consider running on a GPU today). Well, he says it's ~100x faster than a GPU, and GPUs are ~100x faster than CPUs (in the applications for which they are suited), so the 10,000x figure is the speedup from CPUs. It would be rather interesting programming a machine where division was faster than addition! Any type of physics simulation, from protein folding to FEM to real-time game physics, plus image/video processing, graphics rendering, computer vision, speech recognition, neural networks, ... If you're writing any WebGL code, definitely check out the WebGL Inspector: http://benvanik.github.com/WebGL-Inspector/ A high-end ARM CPU would have lower single-threaded performance, but a higher number of cores, possibly achieving higher overall throughput. Coupled with an NVIDIA GPU on the same die, eliminating the PCI bottleneck, I think this could easily be more appealing than Sandy Bridge, for applications from netbooks to workstations to supercomputers. Just be thankful that they fixed app installation from "download .dmg, wait for it to check and mount, open it, open applications folder, drag app to applications folder, drag app from applications folder to dock, unmount .dmg, move .dmg to trash, open app, click through security warning" to "click buy, wait for download, open app". Could be an LTE iPhone; nobody actually knows... For non-tech people Apple may win the PR battle, but for tech people the news of the week is still that NVIDIA is challenging Intel's x86 dominance head-on with a workstation-class CPU/GPU combo chip based on ARM that will run Windows 8. NVIDIA vs Intel is eventually going to have a much bigger impact on the industry than the Verizon iPhone or the Mac App Store. They don't mention regenerating anything specific besides holes in ears. Can these mice regenerate digits? Whole limbs? Internal organs? Spinal column damage? No, it isn't not. The four other major browsers (Firefox, IE, Safari, Opera) have had years to copy this very useful behavior, and I can't understand why none of them have. No, because Google search doesn't intentionally pollute other sites with aggregated content. I don't see Google search pages in Bing's results, outranking original content. I only see Google results if I go to google.com and specifically request them. That's the difference. Why does Apple always take their entire online store down whenever they do product updates? It must cost them hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars in lost sales every time. I think the worse news is the transcoding proxies they are announcing, not-so-transparently lowering the quality of any JPEG and MPEG files you download. This is why the Internet needs end-to-end encryption on by default. I don’t think you can look at the average hourly revenue of the online store, look at how long it was down and calculate Apple’s revenue loss from that. Of course not. But neither can you say that 100% of people will come back after the store turns them away. There is undoubtedly a cost to store downtime; the only question is how much. On a high traffic store like Apple's, even a small percentage of lost customers is a large amount of money lost. They can't do that, because then every paid app (30% cut) would become a free demo that is unlocked with in-app purchase (5% cut). (Yes, their app guidelines prohibit this but it's a very fuzzy line that many apps have already crossed.) I would buy this right now if it worked with iPhones. I love my iPhone, but Apple's restrictive policies are really starting to get to me. The humans can predict when the light will come on before it actually does based on when Trebek finishes reading the question. Watson can't, and that's what Welty meant. Also, Watson buzzes in via the same button the humans do, not electronically, so there is a window after the light comes on but before Watson can physically depress the button. That said, it was obvious last night that in practice Watson has a significant advantage in buzzing in. The supposed advantage of predicting when the light will come on doesn't cancel out Watson's reaction time advantage. I'm guessing the reason for that is there's a significant variation in the time between Trebek finishing reading the question and the light coming on (because the light is triggered by a human), making it hard to predict. All previous Web 3D efforts have been complex high-level scene graph APIs. WebGL is different: it simply exposes the underlying hardware acceleration primitives to Javascript in the most direct way imaginable. OpenGL is an industry standard that already has a proven track record and wide adoption. Furthermore, 3D graphics aren't the only application of OpenGL. Hardware-accelerated 2D graphics (faster and more flexible than Canvas) and general-purpose GPU computing (faster than C on a CPU for many important applications) are both enabled by WebGL. Velocity is relative, but acceleration is not. The earth-dwellers and the astronaut will both agree that the astronaut accelerated and the Earth didn't. Similarly, rotation rate isn't relative. Acceleration and rotation rate can both be measured against absolute states of no acceleration and no rotation (respectively). This is why our phones have accelerometers and gyroscopes which are entirely internal, but determining velocity, position, and direction require the external references provided by GPS and compass. It's possible to absolutely measure the change in a quantity without knowing the absolute value of the quantity itself. Think of a hole in the ground of unknown depth but known radius, filled with water. If the water level changes you can calculate the absolute change in water volume without knowing the total volume of water in the hole. Similarly, you can measure an absolute value for acceleration (change in velocity) even though an absolute value of velocity doesn't exist. Tax will always bump up the price, unless you're a grocery store. My card has unlimited 2% cash back. If it was possible to get card processing for less than 2% I could make money paying myself. I got this one through Charles Schwab Bank. I'm not sure if they're still offering it, but they definitely still offer a debit card that reimburses 100% of all ATM fees. It's copper for now. I haven't found any confirmation of this, but I believe Intel's strategy for optical is to have the lasers and light detectors built into the cable itself, so that the plug connection is still completely electrical. Can anyone find online documentation? I want to know how it compares to WebGL. Is it OpenGL-like, DirectX-like, or a wacky new API? What shader language is supported? Is GPGPU possible? What's their story on extensions? Do they support compressed textures, floating-point textures, non-power-of-two textures, vertex texture fetch? Edit: the best thing I've found so far is here: http://www.bytearray.org/?p=2555 Apparently Adobe invented their own wacky new API and shader language, which seems like a questionable decision. Still looking for something more detailed. No need to kick and scream, Google has a solution for you: Chromium. No automatic updates, 100% open source. Physical Review Letters recently adopted a system where authors can pay a fee to have their submissions published under a Creative Commons license. The fee replaces journal subscription/paywall revenue. http://prl.aps.org/edannounce/CC-launch-press-release A4/A5 includes RAM in the package, not flash. The flash used is in standard packaging, soldered to the motherboard. The Crate Review System is a true classic that's worth reading even though a few of the jokes are outdated: http://www.oldmanmurray.com/features/39.html Most people absolutely do not find it reasonable that you can't buy one copy of a movie and show it to the whole neighborhood. In fact they assume you can; people do it all the time. zombo.com has no attack moves, so while fighting it you can heal all of your favimons and upgrade all of their stats. I've just discovered another serious security hole! When you hand your credit card to a waiter, they can see the credit card number totally unencrypted with their eyes! Clearly the solution is to blind all waiters. The truth is credit card "security" is a bad joke. The only real defense these days is the fact that every payment processor has extremely sensitive fraudulent transaction detection systems because of the consumer protection laws that put fraud liability on the card issuer instead of the consumer. The whole system is a relic from the days before the internet and the only way to fix it is to replace it with something better like NFC. I think what could eventually be even more impactful than the videos themselves is the statistics tracking he showed. With that kind of data across thousands or millions of people, you would see patterns of people who had the same problems and questions in the same places, and you could redo the videos to be more clear in those areas and answer those questions preemptively. With a web-scale audience you could do A-B testing experiments and optimize the performance of your teaching material. I think a curriculum optimized in this way could eventually be dramatically better than even the best traditional education has to offer today. Today teaching is an art; this could turn it into a science. Cool, works better than other services like this I've found. I tried it on Ars Technica's review of the Xoom tablet and it found all 10 pages. It didn't find the embedded video though. Also, all the formatting is stripped which makes it hard to differentiate section headers from content paragraphs, and all the images are in one list to the side, removed from their original context. What I'd really love to see is a combination of the RSS API and the article API to produce full article RSS feeds for any site. Lack of NEON can't explain these benchmark results. This is GPU-bound stuff. The PowerVR SGX 543 core is simply a better GPU than NVIDIA's Tegra 2 GPU, and the A5 has two of them. What's even more impressive is that Imagination Technologies claims this design can scale performance linearly up to 16 cores, for eight times the performance of the iPad 2 with no software changes. That headroom will come in handy for the inevitable retina display iPad. AppJet had so many great ideas; it's a shame you had to abandon it. Hosted server-side javascript with a web-based IDE is still a good idea. True streaming solutions could equally easily offer day-and-date streaming of new DVD releases. It's not a technical problem, but it is a real problem that needs solving. No sillier than warehouses of people stuffing DVD envelopes, and an army of postal workers delivering them. Also: http://www.amazon.com/Sony-DVPCX995V-400-Disc-Changer-Player... Amazon, Apple, Zune, Vudu, CinemaNow. Netflix is unique, though Amazon Prime is just getting around to trying a similar model. The real problem with online rentals isn't the rental period, though; it's the ridiculous price. In a world where Redbox rents new releases for $1 who would pay $4 each to stream crappy catalog titles? Why would you want to keep your resume a secret? That's like making a great website and telling Google not to index it. Do you not want to be found? LinkedIn is a service that allows recruiters from companies you want to work for to pay for the privilege of contacting you. What's not to like? You don't need to cultivate a forest of connections and recommendations and other profile doodads; just update your resume once in a while. The Once and Future Monopoly X sucks at network transparency, supposedly its one redeeming feature. RDP is better. X is slow (xlib requires too many round trips) and doesn't forward things users care about like sound and local devices like printers, USB sticks, cameras, etc. But worst of all, it's simply ridiculous that you still can't move an X client between servers without terrible hacks. Yeah, but it requires porting apps, and if you're doing that anyway why not switch to a modern system without the decades of legacy cruft, like Wayland? Sorry, but the X drawing primitives are mostly ancient and obsolete. All modern apps use toolkits which do almost all their own drawing, making X into a glorified bitmap compositor no better than RDP. X works fine over Ethernet (and guess what, so does RDP!), but anything higher latency becomes painful quickly. NX patches over some of the deficiencies, but it's buggy and the client software has a UI straight from the 90s. Also, the fact that X requires extra software to do decent network transparency proves the point that it sucks for its intended purpose. What X was intended for in the 80s is irrelevant. What matters is that it sucks now. Incremental progress in vision has useful applications, so it's worth pursuing even if it isn't the best way to approach general AI. However, I think recent progress in emulating the visual cortex (search for "sparse coding") is the most exciting advance in AI in years, and I wouldn't be at all surprised if it leads the way to a more general understanding of the brain and ultimately strong AI. In key continuity schemes, when your browser is first introduced to a new website, you simply are insecure. If at that moment you are MITM'd by an attacker, you might never again be secure. This isn't a UI issue: key continuity protocols don't have the information available to them on first connection to make that decision. What if you add that information to a key continuity system? I feel like this is an obvious idea, but I've never heard of a system using it. It's simple: when you first see a certificate you send it to a trusted third party to check. That third party doesn't need to be or even know about the CA who originally issued the cert; all it has to do is make its own connection to the server and make sure it gets the same cert you did. That protects against any MITM on your end of the connection. To succeed, a MITM would have to control either the server's connection (which becomes the server operator's problem), or both your connection and the trusted third party's connection (which becomes the trusted third party's problem). I'd rather trust a single third party of my choosing than a huge list of CAs chosen by an opaque and somewhat arbitrary process. The middle hops are much ( much ) harder to MITM than the initial hops. If hackers control the bank's internet connection then they get everyone's bank info, which is absolutely the bank's problem (and as such they would take measures to prevent it, like third-party monitoring of their certificates from other points on the Internet). As for governments reading email, the current CA system hardly prevents that. Under this system, you could detect MITM after the fact by using a trusted channel to compare the client's saved cert with the server's real cert. That would expose large-scale MITM tampering. You get the initial trusted source cert through a secure channel in exactly the same way you get CA certs today, so this scheme is just as secure as SSL against an attacker who controls your entire connection. Sure, the scheme is only as good as your trusted source. But the trusted source could be very good. It could have multiple servers in different ISPs and even different countries verifying certs for you, and could use other methods of verification as well. The bank can easily check if their connections are getting MITM attacked. The hacker has to modify the certs seen by anyone who contacts the bank, even if he doesn't MITM every connection, and that would be easy for the bank to detect. Do you have a citation for the lossy video thing? Seems like it could be good for rendering graphics too. For a 12x power savings maybe I can live with my pixels coming out #00FE00 instead of #00FF00 (for example). The problem is that 24 FPS is now part of the Hollywood "look". 24 FPS is associated with high quality high budget productions in people's minds; 60 FPS looks like a home movie or low-budget TV sitcom. It may take a while to change people's perceptions. Supercomputers don't generate algorithms (at least not yet!). People generate algorithms; supercomputers run them. That's why Wired's quote is wrong. If you consider the solution to a single instance of the traveling salesman problem an algorithm then the quote makes sense, but that would be an unusual and obtuse usage of the word. Are you kidding? Pressing a button is way easier and faster than calling a person and telling them where you are. Seeing the fare and paying it on your phone before even reaching the destination is way better than settling with the driver using cash or credit cards while sitting in the car at your destination. This is a far better experience than calling a normal cab service. Why is this better than a gas turbine? Man, the day these get a sunlight-readable always-on display and capacitive touch I'm buying one immediately. Chrome runs Flash in a sandbox. Quicktime is not sandboxed. Adobe did the work to enable sandboxing Flash. Apple hasn't done the work (yet?) to enable sandboxing Quicktime. That's all it is. I'm impressed by the UI, at least on video. It looks responsive and fluid, and the bezel gestures seem to work well. Not an easy feat! What browser these days doesn't have a "clear all cookies" option? You can even browse in private mode and have your cookies cleared automatically. Chrome is working on multiple profile support: http://www.chromium.org/user-experience/multi-profiles Not without vision. You'd have to place all the tools and ingredients within reach at precisely known positions, probably all held in a special rig (like this: http://youtu.be/5sVOSlUn7e0 ). If something went wrong the robot wouldn't know and would continue executing the recipe with possibly disastrous results. Robots won't be replacing chefs until visual feedback is solved. Strange, I did the same and didn't get these messages. Google interviews should be perfect for you then. Experience hardly matters; it's all CS theory and problem solving. In new iterations of search, you will type the name of that restaurant and be provided with its address and map, a view of its menu, the option to reserve then and there via OpenTable, see its ranking on Yelp, CitySearch, Zagat—along with photos, tweets, what your friends have said about it in your private social networks, and a quick and simple way to compare it with other similar restaurants. I guess he hasn't noticed that Google has these things today. Of course homepage, address, phone number, and star rating are there, but there's a lot more too. Map? Check. Hours? Check. Directions? Check. Reviews from Yelp, CitySearch, etc? Check. Tweets from your friends? Check. That's all right on the results page, and of course with instant search you don't even have to press enter to see it. Photos, related places, and links to reservations on OpenTable are one click away on the place page. Hmm, the book is incomplete (the chapter about texturing is empty as are all subsequent chapters). Is there a blog following the development of the book? A twitter account? Anything? Response from Mozilla: http://blog.jprosevear.org/2011/05/13/webgl-security "The P320h drive also provides enterprise-class levels of endurance with the 700GB drive able to write 28 terabytes of data every day for five years." Not only that, but the write endurance failure mode is benign: the drive simply becomes read only. I'm guessing Music Match will use DRM too. How else would they have gotten the labels to agree to it? Cool! Thanks for the link to the slide; I didn't watch the full presentation so that detail escaped me. As for your question, iCloud is for Macs and Windows too, not just iOS. Unless you have another link to a slide saying otherwise, I'd assume iTunes Match will download its un-DRM'd files to every computer you own. i dont want to have to go through sync process when i connect iPhone ( i dont want to find out how to stop sync) Just thought I'd mention that iOS 5 has fixed this. iTunes sync no longer locks the phone. Also, iCloud and OTA updates mean you'll probably never have to connect to iTunes again if you don't want to. They're x86 processors, but rather slow ones. The high FLOPS figures come from the custom vector instruction units, which are 4x as wide as SSE and much more flexible. You're going to need excellent SIMD support in your language to use this chip. Can you scan the back to get the CVV2 code? All the information you need from the front is embossed so you can read it on the back too. The reasons why the authenticator cannot generate Application Specific passwords and why it does not need a PIN lock are the same: the entire point of 2-factor authentication is that the authenticator by itself is not enough to gain access to your account. You must separately provide both a code from the authenticator and your real password every time you log in. There's no such thing as a "one time password". There are "Application Specific passwords" which work exactly like your regular password except that they limit access to critical account settings and can be created/disabled at will. If someone obtains one of your Application Specific passwords then they can use it to log in and access your data until you revoke that password but they cannot change your real password and deny you access to your own account. Happily, that's just a mockup. The real thing is HTML. Patent protection has fueled the growth of open source? That's the funniest thing I've read all year. He's not suggesting that having fun while driving is incompatible with road safety. He's suggesting that a world of mandatory robot drivers on public roads doesn't preclude having fun while driving. If you're only doing one mathematical operation on each of the 100 million numbers and then you need to read them all back to the CPU, of course the GPU will be slower. However, if you need to do 1,000 or 10,000 mathematical operations each on 100 million numbers, and then get back a smaller answer of maybe a million numbers, then the GPU is going to blow the CPU away. The ultimate answer to this post is a couple of steps down the AMD Fusion roadmap, where the GPU is a coprocessor like floating point units were back in the day. The GPU and CPU will be on the same die with unified memory and caches. When that architecture is fully realized, these problems will go away. A couple of changes would make this into an actually reasonable policy that I wouldn't mind other ISPs adopting: 1. Define a usage threshold instead of always throttling 1/20th of your customers, and 2. Allow customers to pay a reasonable fee to boost their speeds back up after they hit the throttling. PS3 has the best track record? More like the worst. The XBox 360 has the best track record here. There has never been a widespread software exploit of the 360, and MS are very quick to hand out perma-bans to anyone using hardware exploits while connected to XBox Live. The "improved shadow" demo they showed was clearly ambient occlusion. It's impossible to say whether their particular implementation supports dynamic shadows but as a rasterization technique many of the same techniques used in games ought to work fine here (pre-baked lightmaps, various kinds of shadow maps, screen-space ambient occlusion, and even the fanciest new real-time GI stuff coming from SIGGRAPH). They are using point clouds, not voxels. Animation should be easier without the grid restrictions of voxels, though it really depends on their acceleration structure (which they're not saying anything about, in addition to the specs of that machine they're running on which are undoubtedly beastly). Their methodology doesn't seem very rigorous. It's impossible to do a true double-blind test of earbud sound in isolation because they feel different in the ear and that's likely to affect sound perception. WebGL would draw your 20,000 lines much faster. It's not just for 3D; charting would be a perfectly reasonable use for WebGL. Compressed textures are an intellectual property minefield. Blame the patent system, again... However, the lack of compressed textures, or any other specific feature isn't WebGL's biggest problem. It really is hardware compatibility. WebGL is the first web technology to expose significant hardware variations (with bonus buggy drivers!) directly to web content, and web developers aren't equipped to handle that. Deploying a WebGL app with any hope of wide compatibility will require testing on at least 3 and more likely 10+ different hardware/driver/os configurations, and the fact that a GPU is required makes automated testing difficult (VMs don't work, remote desktop solutions often don't work, driver crashes hang machines). Texture compression isn't just for smaller downloads. In fact JPEG is fine for reducing download sizes. However, when the JPEG is converted to a texture it is completely decompressed. Texture compression formats aren't as good at compression as JPEG, but they are specially designed so that they never need to be decompressed; they remain compressed in graphics memory and the GPU decodes them on the fly as they are sampled. Not only does this save graphics memory, it also saves memory bandwidth, which actually makes rendering faster. Given this, it makes sense to store your textures as JPEG and convert them to compressed textures at load time. That way you get the excellent compression ratio of JPEG for the download and the speed boost of compressed textures for rendering. For example, id Tech 5 (RAGE) does this for their megatextures (except they use JPEG XR instead of JPEG). To me, the reason to do this has nothing to do with the business of actually running the carrier. The reason to do this would be to put pressure on the other carriers by providing data plans with reasonable pricing and terms. The terms of service for every wireless data plan out there today are completely ridiculous and terrible, and since wireless is an oligopoly there's no way that's going to change until a tech company that actually understands the internet buys a wireless carrier and makes them change. Yeah, but everyone's ears are different. You'd have to characterize ear variations that are relevant to earbud sound and put people in different buckets to get consistent results, and then to interpret the results for a specific person you'd have to find out which bucket they're in. Boy, this would be a great way to hijack Facebook accounts. Just convince a bunch of people to run your bookmarklet on their Facebook profile. Unfortunately, while a good practice, reading the code is not an iron-clad defense. http://cm.bell-labs.com/who/ken/trust.html To give one example of how this could fail, the server could return different code when the request referer is facebook. He's not just complaining about the release schedule; he's complaining about the numerous and intrusive dialog boxes that pop up whenever Firefox's major version number is increased. Mozilla needs to remove every last one of those dialog boxes and make major version updates as silent as they are in Chrome. When an add-on is disabled some sort of notification is desirable, but it doesn't have to come in the form of a modal dialog that blocks usage of the browser. There's generally nothing a user can do about it anyway. Furthermore, Mozilla could be doing a much better job of compatibility testing for the most popular extensions to ensure they don't have to be disabled every upgrade. It says "Get a powerful oligopoly to essentially require your product and say goodbye to competition! Cut R&D and cruise down easy street." That's one possibility, and quite scary because someone with that private key could hijack any SSL connection to any site, not just Google. More likely is that Iran caused DigiNotar to issue them a valid .google.com certificate via social engineering, bribery, or hacking. This is slightly less scary because only .google.com would be affected. Either way, IMHO DigiNotar's root certificate should be revoked and they should be barred from participating in the CA system ever again. The seriousness of SSL MITM attacks is such that a "one strike and you're out" policy is warranted. With so much commerce running over SSL these days, possession of the private key of a CA's root certificate would allow you to implement plots worthy of a James Bond supervillan. Great! I'm glad DigiNotar will be punished for this lapse. Too bad it takes a code update to revoke their certificate. This won't be the last CA compromise we see. Yeah, if NSA doesn't have at least one root CA key they're not doing their jobs. What we need is an alternative to the centralized CA system, like TOFU POP MONK. What about the >466 GeV range? Is that considered a possibility? Can the LHC explore that high? WebGL is a JS binding for OpenGL ES 2, the same version of OpenGL that is used on smartphones. It is not as flexible as OpenGL proper ("desktop GL"), which has more features. OpenGL ES 3 will soon be bringing many of desktop GL's most important extra features to smartphones and the next version of WebGL, and it's not unthinkable that OpenGL ES could eventually take over as the main OpenGL API. The problem is Google is now too big and too much of a lawsuit target to get away with aggregating other people's data any more. Web Search is the ultimate aggregation of other people's content, and it's a good thing it's already invented because it would never get off the ground today. Crawling other people's content? Lawsuit. Linking? Lawsuit. Cache? Lawsuit. Allowing searches on trademarked terms? Lawsuit. Snippets in the result page? So many lawsuits! Using user click/query data for Suggest and/or ranking? Outcry in the EU. FTC launches investigations; DOJ sues. Congress steps in; Google forced to back down. They address software development cost at the end of the paper, and basically conclude that FPGAs are too hard to program to replace CPUs yet, even for highly specialized HPC applications. That was true 5 years ago, but not today; GPUs and CPUs are converging. GPUs are quite suitable for all of the applications described in the article, and provide orders of magnitude speedup over CPUs while remaining relatively cheap and easy to program vs. FPGAs. Have you ever once gotten a warning from disk image verification that saved you enough time to justify all the time you've spent waiting for it? Really? What corrupted disk images are you opening? I've never had it report an error, and I download software in .dmg files all the time (and wait for verification all the time). I disagree that software development cost shouldn't be considered before hardware cost. The software development costs are so much higher for FPGAs (both money and time) that they probably outweigh the hardware costs for many applications. They are both important and equally worth investigation. Many airlines don't allow you to book tickets more than 6 months in advance at their own websites. I don't think it's surprising that Google didn't prioritize 6+ month advance ticket purchases. This is just another way of stating Moore's law. Chip transistor count doubles every year and a half; chip power use doesn't. There will be ARM laptops, not just tablets, and they will run Microsoft Office in classic mode or nobody will buy them. Office on ARM has already been demoed on stage. Reference counting is not the answer. It has too much overhead and cycles are a serious problem that shouldn't be swept under the rug. Real GC can be pauseless with the right language design and the proper use of virtual memory. I don't think any open source project is there yet, but there was a very interesting article a while back about the Azul JVM's approach. This guy is clueless about what we really need for awesome HTML5 games. Operator overloading? Really? What we really need: Better WebGL support from graphics vendors: fewer driver bugs and better sandboxing. WebGL in IE, or at least WebDirectX. Full screen mode. Mouse capture. Polling input APIs, Gamepad and multitouch support. Decent low latency audio APIs. Web Sockets. Better control over garbage collection. A few good libraries and game engines for JavaScript; or, even better, Native Client support. Sure, I like operator overloading as much as the next guy, but lack of it isn't going to stop you from making a great game. 1. Running some JS on the server 2. Recompressing images 3. SPDY 4. Better compression than gzip 5. Giant server-side caches Every Native Client executable must use Pepper for all I/O. Native Client isn't yet enabled by default, so a Chrome extension is necessary. Yes, you can make a Chrome extension using Native Client today. Later, when Native Client becomes portable between processor architectures, it will be fully enabled so that you can serve a Native Client executable from any website and it will run without any extension required. For the details: http://blog.chromium.org/2011/08/native-client-brings-sandbo... That's because Chrome/Mac isn't one of Silverlight's supported platforms, so they don't do any bugfixes for it. What would Amazon do with WebOS when they have already invested so much in Android? Switching would require them to abandon the app store they built. The Silk browser seems at odds with how WebOS works. All their Android UI customizations would have to be rewritten. Amazon has probably 10 times that many Kindle users or more already, and if HP sells Palm at a 90% discount that's still $120 per TouchPad user who may or may not ever upgrade to an Amazon Kindle. That would be a stupid way to acquire users. Also, if you think WebOS is somehow immune to the plague of lawsuits in this industry you're crazy. Nobody is safe from lawsuits. It's just a cost of doing business these days; you pay your success tax and you move on. Now patents might be a good reason to buy Palm, but that's completely separate from the fate of WebOS. Amazon could take the patents and throw WebOS away. What can Google do to Amazon? The only real ownership Google has over Android is in the market that Amazon's not using, and in the development of new versions which Amazon can easily ignore by forking for good (and that would probably hurt Google more than Amazon, by fragmenting the platform). Why would you want a cell phone with e-ink? It wouldn't improve the standby time at all since that's determined by the radio, not the screen. Sunlight readability would be nice but there are LCDs that are pretty good and anything interactive would be painful on a slow e-ink display. If the screen uses 30% of your battery then switching to e-ink would be a 30% improvement at best. Hardly Nokia 1100 territory. Though it would be so slow and annoying to use that you wouldn't use it as much, so that would "help" too. Also, need I remind you that your Nokia 1100 has an LCD screen? Right; the only resl advantage e-ink has over this type of low-power LCD is brightness, and it comes at the cost of 1+ second response time with flickering. A terrible trade off for an interactive phone. What salesmen tell you and what actually happens are completely different things. It does help cross domain security issues a bit. Without WebGL's readPixels the only possible information leak is a timing attack, which is much less practical. Number of bugs found seems to me a poor metric. Some bugs are much (much) more important than others, and different bug-finding methods will find different kinds of bugs. Electric cars can run on power from hydroelectric, wind, geothermal, tidal, solar, and nuclear sources, which is enough benefit by itself to switch from ICEs. But even if every power plant burned the same gas we put in our cars, switching would still lower emissions because power plants are more efficient than car engines and transporting electricity is more efficient than transporting gas. Hydrogen is a dead end IMHO. Fuel cells are expensive and have many limitations, plus containment and transfer are still unsolved problems. Batteries are improving fast enough now (notwithstanding popular sentiment from people wanting Moore's Law speeds) that hydrogen will never catch up. I did, yesterday. It didn't make the front page. EE Times has a more detailed article with some interesting statistics: "Read times are less than 10 nanoseconds and write/erase times are about 0.1-ns. HP is still accumulating endurance cycle data at 10^12 cycles and the retention times are measured in years" http://www.eetimes.com/electronics-news/4229171/HP-Hynix-to-... Shaders compile once and execute millions of times. Most code on the Web code compiles once and executes zero, one, or a small number of times. He's saying LLVM is less suited to the latter case because it compiles slowly (though the resulting code is fast). Well, 0.1 us write times wouldn't make sense with the claim that this can replace DRAM and SRAM, but those claims do seem rather dubious anyway... And here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3081273 The Von Neumann architecture refers to the idea of a computer that has a CPU with a separate memory which stores both programs and data (as pretty much all computers do today). In this type of system the bus between memory and CPU becomes a bottleneck. A non-Von-Neumann architecture might look more like the brain, which doesn't have a CPU at all, but instead colocates processing with memory, eliminating the "memory bus" bottleneck and enabling massive parallelism. Are you ever really done with something like this? There's always something you could improve, given more time. Using all the available time makes sense. The difference is Google uses robots.txt to exclude these autogenerated pages from search engine crawlers. filleritem.com didn't; now they do[1]. Quite simple really. [1]: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3100488 It's not just Apple's bandwidth; it's users' iCloud storage, which costs users money. Grammar issue: "peeked my interest" is incorrect; it's "piqued my interest". Sorry, it's a pet peeve of mine. So much outrage, and yet so little actual harm. These people may mean well but they are ushering in an era of government regulation of the internet that will (perversely) entrench incumbents like Facebook. Why don't cell towers do this? Not really. AGPS improves the time it takes to lock on to the GPS signal, but it doesn't improve accuracy. It has nothing to do with security, but it's not pointless. It tells the client that this response did not come from the server it attempted to contact. This is especially useful for non-browser clients that will otherwise simply choke on the 302 redirect normally used for this purpose, but it could also be useful for browsers to present a better UI for signing on to the internet. My only concern is that 511 could be seen as legitimizing the practice of putting silly click-through terms-of-service roadblocks on free wi-fi (making it impossible for devices to connect without a human operating a web browser), but since people are doing it anyway we might as well support it properly. Is strong AI a function of storage capacity or speed? Yes, absolutely! I actually think the most appropriate benchmark is memory bandwidth, which hasn't been improving as fast as FLOPS or storage capacity. It's not a matter of running a strong AI at 1/100 speed on today's fastest supercomputer. It would be more like 1 billionth or trillionth speed. The reason for our disappointingly slow progress in AI over the years is that our hardware is still nowhere near powerful enough to usefully implement the same algorithms as the brain, and we likely won't even develop the right algorithms until we have hardware closer to the requirements, so we can test and iterate. Speak for yourself; I find it far faster and easier to open an app and press a button than call a phone number and try to verbally explain my location to some guy with a thick accent. When you add in the fact that Uber also takes care of payment and tip, which is another hassle at the end of the trip, it's a far better experience. My money's on Andrew Ng's deep learning research. Deep learning has already had huge success, both in reproducing the measured behavior of neurons in the brain, and in outperforming the state of the art on various machine learning classification tasks. Here's an overview which references some very impressive results: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AY4ajbu_G3k You misunderstand. I'm saying we could, but the slowdown wouldn't be 1/100. It would be more like 1/1 billion. At that speed, it would take years to simulate a second of brain time. Not only would that be useless, it would be impossible to know if you'd actually implemented it right without being able to test it in a reasonable timeframe. That's why we'll only be able to develop brain-like AI once our computers are much faster. They already do this. Install Chrome Frame. It doesn't require administrator privileges. This would be a good idea if it wasn't app-specific. Giving users a way to pay more for better service is good; classifying traffic based on application is bad. Hacks are admired here, not condemned. Reverse engineering should always be allowed. This information doesn't make it possible to DDoS Siri or port it to Android as each request requires a unique iPhone ID; Apple can easily filter out unauthorized requests. They're not lying. Anyone could write an Android app that uses Siri, but it would require the ID from an iPhone to work, so distributing it would be problematic. Interesting, as Battlelog has been criticized by the gaming press including the Penny Arcade guys, who call it buggy and hard to use. I have to say, too, that in my experience the more client-side state a web page keeps, the buggier it tends to be. Building applications this way is harder, and I hope we don't end up losing the characteristics that have made the Web so successful in the transition. Where would you get the valid IDs? You can't share the same ID between very many users, or Apple will ban it. You can't buy an iPhone for every user of your Siri app. iPhone users won't willingly give you their IDs. Are you going to somehow obtain and use the IDs of unsuspecting iPhone users without their permission? That is likely illegal and definitely will get you sued and booted from Android Market. I see questions about why this is better than a GPU for anything. Two main things: 1. The double-precision floating point performance is a lot better. 2. Unlike GPUs which have baroque memory access restrictions and many performance cliffs, this is a much more familiar SMP architecture with a unified coherent cache hierarchy. The hypocrisy of news sites decrying Facebook's tracking while putting Like buttons on every page is palpable. (There are no less than five different Facebook widgets on this article's page, plus multiple Twitter and Google+ buttons.) The reality is that website owners are the ones sending Facebook this data. And for the first time, people will actually care about breaking Netflix Streaming's DRM. Anyone want to guess how long it'll last? I'm thinking it'll be up on the Pirate Bay the day of release. Two-factor via SMS is for dumbphones. Facebook should support RFC 4226 to allow smartphone apps to generate codes without communicating with Facebook. .test, not being widely used, is not immediately recognizable as a TLD the way .com is. Honestly, if Google were to continue to update this app, replacing each of the web versions of these apps with native ones, it could easily end up with a fully iOS-native version of Google Chrome, running on the iPad. Um, what? I think this guy is confused. iOS-native Google Apps would be great to have, but they wouldn't be Chrome. Chrome is a browser and app platform, which Apple will certainly not allow on the App Store, ever. It's the "app platform" parts of Chrome that are and will continue to be missing from Safari. Things like WebGL, NaCl, WebM/P, Dart VM, and various extension-only APIs that Chrome has introduced. WebGL may be enabled in Safari eventually, but the rest have basically no chance as far as I can see. Not that Safari necessarily should implement all Chrome features, but it would be nice if Chrome was actually available as competition. His "contribution" was arguably wrong, his effort was minimal, and his attitude was poisonous. If you want an encyclopedia where the opinions of "domain experts" trump consensus, then use Citizendium. His "genuine effort to contribute" consisted of proudly ignoring instructions and refusing to read documentation, being mad that his "expert" opinion didn't carry the weight he thought it deserved, and dropping excessively long drive-by rants in various inappropriate locations, including the talk page of an editor whose only offense was volunteering some (sorely needed) advice with a (slightly) wrong link. Contributions to Wikipedia aren't reserved for people already involved, but following prominently posted instructions and reading some documentation are requirements, for good reason. This is not the story of a mature and reasonable person whose hard work was unfairly dismissed by the secret Wikipedia cabal. This is the story of a temper tantrum thrown by a self-proclaimed "expert" when his ego was damaged. It's actually the reverse! Voxels make it easy to figure out what's on screen and what's not. That's their main advantage over polygons. The main disadvantage is that they are generally slower to render, but as you add more details, polygon renderers waste time on details that are far away or off screen while voxel renderers can discard those more easily, and eventually there's a tipping point. You're right that lighting and animation are real problems with voxels. Animation in particular is pretty much impossible, which means you have to fall back to polygons for anything that moves or changes, which in modern games is a lot of stuff. You're wrong. You don't need to know what's visible ahead of time because you can load the tree lazily on demand. Voxels lend themselves naturally to perfect LOD scaling in a way exactly analogous to how mipmaps and megatextures work for 2D textures. There is no analogous algorithm for polygons; polygon mesh LOD is a very hard problem that is solved only imperfectly today and with a huge labor overhead for both artists and programmers. John Carmack himself has proposed voxels as a solution to this problem: http://www.pcper.com/reviews/Graphics-Cards/John-Carmack-id-... 401(k) accounts amount to an enormous subsidy for the financial industry. The whole system is structured to discourage competition and funnel money to the largest financial services companies, because employers require you to use a specific company with a limited choice of investment options. Health insurance being tied to employment causes similar problems there. OWS should be rallying against stuff like this instead of police brutality, which seems like the current focus. I like the idea of making INT_MIN == -INT_MAX, but I already think null pointers are a bad idea, and having an invalid integer value might be even worse. You'd have similar problems as with floating point NaN, where the unexpected NaN != NaN case can cause subtle bugs. In any case, processor vendors aren't about to change the way they do integer math so this discussion, while quite interesting, is completely academic. He addresses delaying iNaN generation in Premise 3. Adding explicit overflow tests after every integer operation is clearly a non-starter for a systems programing language. Wow, source code on Github, MIT licensed! https://github.com/quantombone/exemplarsvm The whole point of NaCl is the sandbox that blocks access to Microsoft's Windows APIs. Adopting it wouldn't have benefited Microsoft at all. What Microsoft should have done is built the CLR into IE as a JavaScript alternative instead of bolting a crippled version on the side (in the form of Silverlight). They could have controlled the best Web development platform out there, but that opportunity is long gone. There's another unintended effect I haven't seen talked about anywhere: when cars no longer require human drivers, the cost of driving in human terms (time, frustration, danger) will be drastically reduced, but the energy cost will only be reduced by a small amount. The logical consequence of this is that cars will be doing a lot more driving and as a society we will spend a lot more energy on transportation overall. I doubt it. How much more efficient do you think automated cars would be? Now think about all the people who will decide to live farther from work because they can work (or play!) on their commute, all the people who will take long overnight road trips while sleeping in the car, all the cars that will drive empty from place to place for various reasons, and most of all the businesses that will all have free automated delivery. I could easily see all that resulting in a 5-10x increase in car-miles driven. The energy used to make a car is dwarfed by the energy it uses on the road over its lifetime. Native Client isn't enabled by default yet; installing the app grants permission to use it. This is the important bit that people miss. Google isn't allowed to warn you that changing your age will apply restrictions to your account, and they aren't allowed to let you easily undo it after it's done. This is what happens when Congress dictates user interfaces. ... and Chrome OS also provides a terminal emulator to go with its shell. Facebook used to have a feature very similar to this, but they removed it. Duplication of effort is a non-problem, and any attempt to "fix" it would reduce contributions and discourage innovation. With good metrics the best solutions will rise to the top over time. According to the linked presentation the app sends data by opening URLs in the web browser (which is obvious to the user unless the device is locked). It receives data by having the browser open URLs using a custom URL scheme (which can apparently be registered without any permissions). You specifically remember leaving a form field blank on a web page three years ago? That isn't the "delete contact" button. Did he even try it? The "delete contact" button is in the toolbar, which makes perfect sense. The trash can next to the name field simply clears the name field. So why not always show it? This is not just the "edit contact" screen, it's also the "view contact" screen, and cluttering it up with trash cans next to every field would absolutely detract from the scannability of the page when you're not editing. Why not have separate pages for viewing and editing? That's bad for usability too; it invites mode errors. RTS games have the player directing an army of autonomous AI-controlled drones. In a game like Supreme Commander they don't even pretend to be people. There are separate reasons for TVs and computers. For TVs, extra resolution just isn't all that important. Most people can't tell the difference between 480p and 720p, let alone 720p and 1080p. For computers, there are concerns about display connector bandwidth and LCD fabrication yields, but they are surmountable. The real limiting factor has actually been the terrible state of DPI scaling support in desktop operating systems. Higher resolutions make the UI elements too small to see; it's as simple as that. The future is bright, though. Apple realized that their uniquely tight control over the hardware and software environment on iOS would allow them to easily switch to a higher resolution display and scale the UI without any compatibility problems. Now that they've released the retina display there's pressure on competitors (including themselves with OS X) to follow suit. Watch the rest of the "Fun to Imagine" videos, and you'll hear about why trains don't need differential gears and how the mass of trees comes out of the air instead of the ground. Fashion in general. There's little IP protection beyond trademarks (hence why popular brands use their trademarks in their designs, e.g. Louis Vuitton) and everyone shamelessly copies everyone else. It's a fascinating case study: http://arstechnica.com/business/news/2006/11/8283.ars That means no results from your friends, no private information and no personalization of results based on your Web History. This toggle button works for an individual search session, but you can also make this the default in your Search Settings. We provide separate control in Search Settings over other contextual signals we use, including location and language. Wow, Comcast voluntarily switched to DNSSEC even though it required them to shut off their DNS-hijacking ad servers? They just went up a few notches in my eyes. ( http://blog.comcast.com/2012/01/comcast-domain-helper-shuts-... ) You're not thinking big enough. Imagine a rewinding debugger that records a complete execution of your program. Then whenever your cursor moves, the debugger could step to a point when that line of code was executing and give you autocomplete suggestions based on the state of the program at that time. You are far too pessimistic; a few very simple heuristics would work great in most cases. It doesn't have to be perfect. Something imperfect would be miles better than nothing, which is what we have now for dynamic languages. When you sign the petition you are given links to share on Facebook and Twitter as well as Google+. The reason you're not seeing much comment on the WSJ article's actual content is probably because it's behind a pay wall and so inaccessible to most here. The sun rising at noon in the far future long after we're all dead is not a problem for us, and it wouldn't be a problem for the people living in that future either. On the other hand, software bugs due to unnecessary complexity are an actual problem, now and in the future. I'd love to see some statistics showing revenue from copyrighted works vs. age. I'm betting the vast majority of revenue (and especially revenue which actually accrues to the original creator) is made in the first 3-5 years, after which continuing copyright protection is a net drain on society. As the internet continues to accelerate our culture, that time is only going to grow shorter. Longer copyright terms may have made sense in the past when distribution was hard, but today's world moves much faster, and the law needs to catch up. We can all think of many works that continue to be popular decades after their creation, but that's precisely because we only remember the popular ones. These are by far the exception to the rule, and we shouldn't tailor our copyright policies for them. The intention of copyright is to promote the creation of works. Rewarding authors is the means, not the end. In the case of LOTR, Tolkien didn't write it to provide licensing revenue to his grandchildren; he wrote LOTR because the creation of fantasy languages and histories was his passion and he could make some money from it. A much shorter copyright would have sufficed to inspire the creation of LOTR. Furthermore, the creation of movie adaptations would be helped by LOTR coming out of copyright, not hindered. Disney's empire was built on adaptations of out-of-copyright stories. Shorter copyright would in many ways encourage the creation of more works. You don't need to know any special URLs either. All you have to do is stop the signup process after your Gmail account is created (step 1) but before you create your Google+ profile (step 2). SPDY seems poised for widespread adoption. It's only a matter of time before Firefox enables it, and the combined share of Chrome and Firefox is now over 50%. That should spur server adoption, and once it starts affecting benchmark scores the other browsers will be scrambling to implement it.