amazon wants you to do so for advertising purposes, and this is particularly important given the implications of firefox's 3rd party cookie policy / dnt. Amazon is actually quite a large ad vendor: they allow you to retarget based on purchases and because they've run out of inventory on amazon proper, they buy on exchanges. Running a login system means they can track you around the internet, and this nicely dovetails with ff's new cookie policy since amazon will most likely be on of the sites you've visited and hence a permitted 3rd party cookie. This is a valuable dataset for an advertiser, and even more importantly, will allow 3rd party targeting to continue to work. This is also why fb / twitter / G run 3rd party login systems. Not to mention that doing tryout projects often swaps money for your most valuable time, ie vacation time. (For some reason my employers are willing to give me $10-$20k raises when I swap jobs every other year, but are unwilling to keep my pay the same and give me an extra 2 weeks of vacation, even though the latter moves the finances wildly in their favor since even $10k for 2 weeks is $260k a year, which I do not make.) Also, I've been interviewing. The experience bloody sucks. For example, and this is my hobbyhorse, graphs/trees are stupid. I've written a graph algo more advanced then binary search exactly once in a 15 year career. I got in an argument in the last interview because I knew cache clock costs for a Nehalem (if you miss and go to main ram, 198 cycles) and argued this meant you should always, if possible, use a hashmap. Anyway, I still get judged on my ability to write graph algos on a whiteboard. Sigh. So I have to study this nonsense for two weeks before every interview then proceed to entirely forget it again. Good thing Pincus sold off a bunch of stock [1] -- $190mm worth [2]. Even better, he sold it before the employee lockup expired [3]. Living like a boss == fuck you money in the bank, instead of locked up in a company like suckers (employees and investors). From the stock charts [4], it looks like it closed opening day at $9.50, Pincus and insiders dumped at $12, and if you're a regular employee w/ a 6mo lockup that presumably expired 16 Jun since the company opened 16 Dec 11, you've never seen a price higher than $6. ps -- dear employees and investors: your ceo dumping big blocks of stock is probably a negative signal [1] http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142405270230472440457729... [2] http://www.forbes.com/sites/nathanvardi/2012/10/05/zynga-kee... [3] http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/07/31/zynga-insider-tradi... [4] http://www.google.com/finance?cid=481720736332929 updated to include pricing. Again, selling at 2x your employees == living like a fucking boss. This is probably vitally important for the kind of company YC starts but consider businesses that won't require you to do this, because retention is very very hard too. Retention is critical. What is your easiest, best hire? Continuing to employee someone you've already hired and who has worked well for you. Everyone complains about difficulty hiring and how expensive it is, but companies don't seem to do anything about it. How about proactively giving the sort of raises ($10-$20k) available by switching jobs? I used to work for a company that just whined about how hard hiring was while watching the median tenure of an engineer be 20 months. Not even to mention the 8 employees dedicated solely to hiring, so there went a quick $1mm per year as well. You should probably not use softlayer cloud; a very bright ops guy at scribd had a horrific time doing so. http://kovyrin.net/2011/05/02/cloudlayer-bad-story/ tl;dr: 3 monetization models, called as (i) coursera, (ii) university, and (iii) registered student. (i) coursera (pg 3): university builds the material, company monetizes it. 6 to 15% of gross rev to university: 6% for 3 mos, plus an extra 3% for every additional 3 mos the course runs (pg 28); plus 20% of gross profits. (ii) university (pg 3): university monetizes it and shares with coursera; the rev split (pg 28) is agreed on in a course development agreement for each individual course (pg 29). (iii) registered students model (pg 4): coursera appears to simply host material / run classes for registered students in the university. Other potential monetization (pg 40): certs to be purchased by end user; secure assessments (ie a test center); employee recruiting (employees can query perf by class); NB: employees have to send email through coursera and coursera appears not to share contact info; employee or university screening; human provided tutoring or manual grading; corporate/univ enterprise model; sponsorships; tuition fees Other interesting things: university keeps ip (pg 8) ps -- if anyone at coursera is bothered by this, I'll happily delete. Determinants are never actually used to invert matrices. In fact, I can't think of any computational math that even calculates an inverse matrix. It's both faster, lower storage (unless you invert in place?) and far more numerically stable to solve Ax=b by factoring A as LU/chol/maybe QR. Even if you had multiple b you would just save your factorization. In which bit of math do people actually instantiate an inverse? It's a hell of a lot easier when you're rich beyond belief; have access to the best legal counsel; have an enormous media platform; have access to lobbyists; have cultivated personal connections to legislators; can pick a very public fight which the NSA dreads getting dragged into; and can threaten obama / the democrats' link to a rich, donor heavy constituency. What John Kiriakou did took courage. What these ceos need is a hell of a lot less. edit: We've seen how these ceos can react when they care, ie when something threatens their income. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protests_against_SOPA_and_PIPA edit2: punctuation To fill in: post 1979 construction is exempt, and condo'd units require just cause eviction but have no controls on rent increase (my understanding is the landlord can arbitrarily raise the rent.) I'm not sure how TICs are covered. Source: I've sued a landlord for blatant violations of sf rental law, and at one point, had 5 lawyers involved. The experience sucked ass and, in practice, tenant protections in sf are tissue thin when when a landlord is malicious. also: Bryan is a former ibanker. I'd be shocked, shocked! to find out he's a mixture of stupid and venal. Also, any lawyer involved in a rent lawsuit against Bryan will hopefully find this article and it certainly can be admitted as evidence. IME: email is worthless. canned letters / faxes go in the garbage. A polite phone call may accomplish something. Better yet if you donated or voted for that politician. Even better if you phone banked. I called my representatives and told them they got $2700 plus several days phone banking from me last election cycle. If they don't get right on this, they're getting $0 next time; I'm not going to have to work too hard to figure out something fun to waste a saved $3k on. Oh, and if the above bothers you, support public funding of elections. He who pays the bills calls the shots, and all those companies profiting off surveilling the world make a lot of donations. Holy shit. Microsoft Corp. (MSFT), the world’s largest software company, provides intelligence agencies with information about bugs in its popular software before it publicly releases a fix, according to two people familiar with the process. That information can be used to protect government computers and to access the computers of terrorists or military foes. Microsoft gives US military hackers and the NSA zero days to go hack people with. I think this helps explain Google's 7-day disclosure. Also, fuck microsoft . Running your mouth and trying to blackball people who don't give you 60 days while (presumably selling) those exploits to governments? Just amazing. Edit: here [1] is discussion of Tavis Ormandy / Google's new 7 day policy. I really wonder if this was partially driven by eg Microsoft's abhorrent behavior. [1] http://www.theverge.com/2013/5/30/4379004/google-to-make-cri... If you're in the MAPP program, you promise (on application, and presumably contractually upon membership as well), to: Do you agree to publish monthly protections derived from MAPP information only after Microsoft’s public security update release? I'm doubting the NSA / military hackers make, or honor, any such agreement. not really what does msft think they're doing with them? dude, an ubuntu point upgrade hosed wifi on a coworker's thinkpad within the last 6 months or so. These are not invalid concerns even for software developers. Honestly, a better way to describe freedom zero is perhaps maslow's hierarchy of needs for computing. works / performs required task is the bottom of the pyramid. So-called freedom zero is much higher. As far as I understand, the argument is that, by not actually reading emails or listening to phone calls, but merely observing who communicated with whom, they're abiding by the law but getting quite a lot of information anyway. I don't know what you can do about phone calls, but for emails, email clients could simply send a stream of emails at random intervals to everyone in our address books. If you encrypt the email it's easy to set an ignore flag. Thus actual communications would be masked. Governments already (and appropriately) legislate all sorts of things about software. * Some governments require windows to present a choice of web browsers. * Some governments require websites, operating systems, or programs to provide for accessibility to the disabled. Some governments also regulate information collection and sharing: * Some governments (including the US) regulate what information credit card companies must provide to consumers. * Some governments (including the US) regulate what info credit bureaus can collect, sell, require them to provide free copies on demand to those surveilled, and set up a framework for a dispute process. It's perfectly reasonable for governments, as an agent of the people, to create laws and regulations around what can be collected and how. And yes, code may have to go into browsers to comply. at a certain point, real hardware is called for, if you wish to scale. my experience: 1/3 the price, 2x the performance in softlayer vs a $97k/mo ec2 spend. Obviously specific to my workload, but you should at least benchmark on real hardware. Can we all agree that your point (while well taken)... is really really funny in light of the subject of this article? I'd say this was a pretty spectacular instance of just not working. I've mentioned this before, but I have a trendy skill, and one that has a higher barrier to entry than eg web developer. If a potential employer says, "so... x0x0. What we're thinking is that you burn a week of vacation time doing a trial project for us" my response is something like "hahahaha...bzzt. next" ml with a bunch of hadoop knowledge sf is worse than comically mismanaged; to steal a quote from Philip Greenspun, watching san franciscans play at running a city is like watching a group of nursery school children who've stolen a Boeing 747 and are now flipping all the switches trying to get it to take off. We came from nyc and were astounded how bad muni is. Two people who very happily lived without cars were forced to buy one then two cars to live an adult life in sf. How are you supposed to get groceries, run errands, go to the gym, go to the library, etc etc on muni when every errand costs an additional 60 to 90 minutes because of muni. When we lived in Haight, we could bloody walk many places in the city faster than muni could take you there. Taxis, even to valencia at 23rd, just don't come. And muni is not only glacially slow [2], but it's fucking expensive as hell too: For every mile Muni runs a bus in this city, it spends 9.21; comparable agencies nationwide pay between 0 and 3. For every mile Muni runs a light-rail vehicle, it throws down 4.37; comparable rail services spend between 2 and 2. [1] So -- we pay the most and get the worst services. Plus, I've ridden public transport all over the world and never before sf had I regularly felt physically unsafe on public transport. And the housing. Walk through the mission; while there's definitely beautiful victorians there's also a bunch of cheap shit, no more than two stories, thrown together for as little money as humanly possible in the 60s and 70s that we could tear down and replace with 10 story housing. And landlords are fucking amazing; we ended up in court with multiple lawyers because, for the low low price of $2200/mo, we expected the shower not to leak into our bed and the landlord not to steal electricity from our meter. When we lived in manhattan, people had landlord problems, but it wasn't par for the course. Here, amongst personal friends, roughly 40% have had just horrific landlord problems that ended up with police or court involvement. And the schools. There's a reason parents are driven out; it's because you either pay for private school or move to the peninsula and get good public schools for your taxes. [1] http://www.sfweekly.com/2010-04-14/news/the-muni-death-spira... [2] http://www.nytimes.com/2011/12/30/us/san-francisco-buses-are... all I can say is, have you seen the existing housing stock in sf? It's not like that much of it is earthquake safe. And landlords have fought like hell to avoid retrofitting [1]. [1] http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/02/14/san-francisco-earth... On what basis do you believe as content distribution technology improves, the percentage given to content creators will increase? This is in direct contrast to historical examples such as monopolies and amazon clearly wants to become a near-monopoly; further, even if the percentage increases, if the absolute amounts fall the content creators still end up worse off. See eg recent articles on HN about the economics of movies being damaged by the move from dvd purchase to $4 or $5 digital rentals. This crucially depends on merchants being comfortable sharing data. Data coops sometimes work and sometimes don't. I'd read the contract very carefully. And even if everything is on the up-and-up now, as the purchase of ghostery by evideon shows, it doesn't necessarily remain that way. For starters (and I haven't read sift's contracts), people tend to purchase things in spurts. Knowing someone just bought something on a merchant is incredibly valuable data. Plus this is amazing data for retargeting; amazon has built an ad business that is speculated to be well on the way to a $1B run rate [1] [1] http://www.forbes.com/sites/roberthof/2013/06/05/amazons-ad-... I think it's an open question if there will be enough online merchants that aren't {amazon, newegg, zappos} -- assuming that zappos has access to amazon anti-fraud tech -- to build a business on. They're not the only ones gambling there will be a large ecommerce ecosystem, but prime in particular has moved my online purchasing nearly exclusively to amazon. It is the first time intelligence officials have described which groups are reacting to the leaks. The officials spoke anonymously because they were not authorized to speak about the intelligence matters publicly Ooh. Gonna be holding my breath waiting for the Obama administration to diligently find these leakers. Unless -- and I'm sure this is coincidence -- prosecutions are correlated with in what light leaks frame the administration? Nah, couldn't be. I worked for one and it works very well. They build one of the most common electronic medical record systems plus a bunch of associated software. Any large client, in this case a hospital, hospital chain, or large ambulatory clinic, pays a $mm annual fee for the right to call and notify of a breaking bug and get engineers to issue a fix asap. Well, I believe two ways. First, I'm sure the contracts have penalties, plus hospitals have lawyers. Second, when companies spend tens of millions of dollars per year or more, they certainly talk to a bunch of current clients. If word gets around that your company screws customers it will throw a wrench in sales. There aren't that many hospitals, particularly if you view chains like kaiser as a single customer, in the US. this is one of my hobbyhorses, but recruiting really isn't that hard. If you're finding it hard, let me ask: (1) are you paying market salaries? (1a) are you really paying market salaries, or are employees supposed to join your company because you're a special snowflake (1b) even if you are paying market, why should an employee go to your firm? What is the upside to them for leaving a boss and company that they know? Because it would be really convenient for you, the hirer, is not a good answer. (2) do you make the interviewing process decent, or do you scatter caltrops in front of potential employees (2a) good employees do not need to crash study then regurgitate graph algorithms that your company never uses on the whiteboard. They also have jobs and value their vacation time and don't care to spend a week consulting for you (2b) how long does it take you to respond to resumes that come in? You should be able to say yes/no/maybe within 2 business days. Do your recruiters / interviewers actually read the cover letters / resumes? Last time I changed job a big sf / yc startup let my first interviewer roll into the interview room just shy of 20 minutes late without having read my resume. That's a complete fucking dick move, and it's part of why I turned them down. (2c) when potential employees send you github links, do you have an engineer actually bloody look at them (almost never in my experience) (2d) do you actually expend effort to meet potential employees / grow a bunch of warm leads, or do you wait until 3 weeks before you want someone to start then gripe because you can't convert cold leads in 1 week plus a 2 week resignation period for their current employee? (2e) do you use shit software like that jobvite bullshit that badly ocrs then expects me to hand proof their shitty ocr job? Or do you directly accept pdf resumes. (2f) for the love of god, I do not have a copy of ms word and wouldn't take one if it were free. I will not put my resume into word format. (3) do you take some pains to grow employees? Hire people out of university? Take a chance on people? (3b) Like one of my former employers, do you do a good job hiring new grads from schools besides stanford / berkeley / mit / cmu, but then 18 months in after employees have demonstrated their value refuse to bring them up to market rates and lose them? (4) when you send out offers, do you actually put out a good offer or do you throw numbers out that are 10% or more under your ceiling then expect employees to negotiate hard with you? I just turned down an sf startup because they did this; the ceo who hired me said, "x0x0: when I was an employee I hated negotiating, so I'm going to make you a great offer. This also means I'm not going to negotiate." And you know what? It was a great offer, and I said yes the next morning. It also avoids starting your new job after a confrontational exercise. (5) if you have recruiters contacting people, do you have them make clear they're internal not external? (5b) do your recruiters actually read peoples' linkedin profiles before contacting them? I used rails a bit 3 employers ago and had to remove that word from my profile because I got spammed with rails stuff. (6) do your job postings on LI/craigslist/message boards tell potential employees why he or she should work for you, or is it simply a long list of desiderata like the vast majority? (7) like Rand says, do you know off the top of your head the career goals of your employees? What are you doing to help them get there? (7b) just like the easiest sale is an upsell to a customer you have, the easiest recruit is the good employee you already have that you keep happy and prevent from leaving (7c) do you give your employees raises to keep them at or above market, or can they get a $20k raise by swapping companies? If that raise is on offer, exactly why should they continue to work for you? (7d) on that note... 0.2% of an A round company isn't golden handcuffs. It's more like paper handcuffs. The other thing Alex posted is firefox really gives you no indication of why the internet looks weird and is breaking left and right. So you can disable js or images or ssl and unless you're lucky enough to know a programmer or IT person really have no guide to undoing whatever happened. replying to myself: one more way apple simply makes better software: safari offers a simple reset option that seems to reset all browser settings. Now, this doesn't help in the case of a user not understanding what went wrong, but I can tell someone over the phone "click on safari -> reset safari" far more easily than walking someone through deleting a firefox profile while saving bookmarks or reinstalling firefox and creating a new profile. I don't like safari as a browser, but it's to apple's credit that they offer this simple option so I tell my mother / mother-in-law to just click reset if the internet is weird. thank you craigslist's position is pretty clear, whether they publicly admit it or not: they don't want, and will aggressively work to prevent, other companies attempting to bootstrap themselves off craigslist's content. I don't know why we have to all pretend we're shocked about this. craigslist is far from profit maximizing. That's part of why craigslist's users tend to love it. Let's take your $100m exit and do an example. Say you're granted .4% as an A round employee, 30% dilution for a round B, 10% dilution at a round C, then an exit so no round D gives a final ownership percentage of 0.4% * .63 = 0.252%. Say you worked there for four years, you get 100e6 * 0.252 * 1e-2 = $250k before taxes plus strike. Pretax that's a $62k per year spiff, and at best, with good tax advice, $50k / year after taxes. We can quibble about meaningful, but $250k is an ok down payment for a relatively modest $1mm house on the peninsula. We apparently have different ideas about meaningful. Most startups, even many claiming otherwise pay less than market. You could probably capture at least half that $50k/year in cash, particularly if you're willing to work for goog/fb/msft/etc. That doesn't even touch the variance of that payout. Also, in expectation and off the top of my head with your success statistics, that $252k is under $50k. There is a difference between effectively managed by the medical establishment and what Reagan / america did in the 80s. I'm at work and I don't have sources readily available, but my understanding is that many older gay people (those still alive) hate reagan and republicans specifically because they slow rolled the response to hiv. Much of America's response wasn't really pushed until the Clinton administration. So how much of the below is the legitimate difficulty of rapidly responding to a new disease is arguable, but I don't think anyone can make a real case that if a new disease had appeared in the 80s that affected straight white men that it wouldn't have gotten a much more vigorous response from the reagan administration/fda/etc. At bare minimum, by the first time reagan mentioned aids publicly, 20,849 Americans had died from it [1]. How he squared his conscience with not mentioning aids until twenty thousand americans had died is amazing. A brief history mostly off the top of my head 1 - reagan didn't care at all about aids until an actor friend of his died of it; 2 - the strong perception within the fda was that reagan didn't care about aids / didn't want anything done about it; 3 - reagan allowed his staff to delete a mention of ryan white from a speech; 4 - reagan didn't mention aids publicly until mid 1987 Writing in the Washington Post in late 1985, Rep. Henry Waxman, D-Los Angeles, stated: "It is surprising that the president could remain silent as 6,000 Americans died, that he could fail to acknowledge the epidemic's existence. Perhaps his staff felt he had to, since many of his New Right supporters have raised money by campaigning against homosexuals." [1] 5 - act-up, amongst others, fought with the fda about not just glacial drug approval processes, but also the fda denying access to experimental therapies even to patients without other therapeutic options; 6 - I don't remember this as well, but I believe hiv patients also had to fight the fda for early-ending of clinical trials, because they were insisting that people taking placebos should basically die So some of this is similar to why many gay people of the right age hate Ed Koch, but an aggressive intervention by the reagan administration might have saved many lives. [1] http://www.sfgate.com/opinion/openforum/article/Reagan-s-AID... 1 - nothing you said disproves my statements; that reagan had the word "aids" dragged from his lips during a press conference does nothing to change his record of disregard, contempt, and disregard of a crisis because he and his donors disapproved of gay people; nor does it change the fact that he didn't voluntarily mention it until 1987 2 - nor does a record of funding disprove reagan's intentional oversight; by 1992 aids was the #1 cause of death for US men ages 25-44 [1] and by 1994 the #1 cause of death for all americans age 25-44 [1]; the funding was wildly insufficient to mount a proper response. And were it not for reagan's homophobia and bigotry, a more vigorous response could reasonably have saved many more lives 3 - while it is true that federal policy doesn't hinge exclusively on what the president says, nice attempt to change the goals. The point was not that the federal government and medical establishment -- despite reagan -- did both their job and their moral duty, but that he intentionally hampered the response. I repeat: it's indisputable that if a disease affecting, well, reagan supporters had killed 20 thousand americans it would have garned a much more vigorous response, one which could be triggered and pushed by the president himself. For example, see the improvement in response under Clinton. I'm sure it's just a coincidence that AIDS was a priority under a president who isn't a homophobe. 4 - brent bozell is a proud homophobe; what a surprise that he manages to find supposed evidence -- though you shouldn't believe a thing he says without consulting a primary source -- finding that reagan didn't intentionally fail a group of americans reagan despised [1] http://aids.gov/hiv-aids-basics/hiv-aids-101/aids-timeline/ edit because i forgot the link you should check out http://0xdata.com/ ; it's built from the ground up on a custom dkv to do in-memory ML. Reasons to check it out: 1 - it's open source https://github.com/0xdata/h2o 2 - ingest data from hdfs, s3, csv 3 - I've built systems like what you're discussing twice; the ML algorithms are often easier to write than expected while data management (moving data, sending updates, etc) which initially seems easier is much harder. 0xdata handles this for you. 4 - under active development 5 - it cleanly runs on your dev box with 1 or many nodes for development; deploying is a simple as uploading a jar to a cluster and putting a single file on each naming peers in the cluster 5a - see scripts to walk you through doing this disclosure: I work on it as of very recently =P see also Keith Rabois' answer on the subject [1]; sorry for the quora link but it's worth it. tl;dr: reasons given to avoid ipo include lower speed/innovation (counterexample: apple), problems with short-term market expectations (cex: google), outside capital not required, maintaining a low profile, and sox compliance. Keith asserts that the real reasons are (a) incorrect assessments of above; (2) BoD issues, and (3) -- the important reason -- private company valuations are detached from reality and have been substantially inflated, so companies have to defer exits for years until their business can actually support the valuation. [1] http://www.quora.com/What-are-some-of-the-main-reasons-that-... Yet George Bush's presidency is widely acknowledge to be, well, a fail parade. Or perhaps we should go with by their works ye shall judge them. An (extremely brief) overview of Bush's presidency: * he waved off warnings of Bin Laden ("All right. You’ve covered your ass, now") * he turned a highly effective -- under clinton -- national disaster agency into a joke, at least in part by putting a failed horse judge in charge of it, then oversaw an ineffective response to one of the largest national disasters to ever strike the US (katrina) * he lost Bin Laden at Tora Bora * he and his chosen vp and sec state back channeled incredibly wrong information into the public, in part via the nyt, in order to sell a war with, well, people who had no weapons of mass destruction and who were uninvolved in 9/11; * by the by on the above, he fired the general (shinseki) who gave an accurate prediction of iraq war costs * Bush hired wolfowitz, who predicted the iraq war would cost between $10 and $100B (what's $700B and counting between friends) * Bush ignored, well, basically everyone who understood much of anything about the middle east in favor of a war which wildly destabilized a highly geopolitically important (oil) zone, while empowering iran So your link, in which the author writes, [...] President Bush's thinking has several problematic aspects: lack of intellectual engagement, cognitive inflexibility, need for closure, belief perseverance, confirmation bias, overconfidence, and insensitivity to consistency. These are all cognitive characteristics that have been studied by psychiatrists and that can be measured with at least some precision. However, they are all examples of thinking styles that are not tapped by IQ tests. Thus, it is not surprising that someone could suffer from many of these cognitive deficiencies and still have a moderatively high IQ. Bush's cognitive deficiencies do not impair performance on intelligence tests, but they do impair rational decision making. [1] is, in retrospect, incisive. [1] http://yalepress.yale.edu/yupbooks/excerpts/stanovich_what.p... thank you, that's awesome I think there are many reasons, some more rational than others. 1 - everyone is long housing, and sfbay has had major price swings. Buying a house caps what you'll pay. I lived in a neighborhood in sf where market rents for my apartment went from $2200 to at least $2700/mo in a little over a year and a half. 2 - the US, via mortgage interest deduction, privileges home ownership 3 - california in particular privileges home ownership by basically freezing property taxes 4 - rental stock in california is often complete shit. If you don't want to hear your neighbors walking or running the bathroom fan or etc... you probably need to buy a home. 5 - good luck finding a 3 bedroom rental, which is highly desirable if you have 2 kids 6 - if you have good credit, a $1mm house in the peninsula costs roughly (within $700/mo) what rent does on a similar apartment 7 - want to have a dog? Good luck with that in a rental. 8 - want to not have to ask permission for X, Y, or Z while paying $3500+/mo? Don't live in a rental. my god, it's like a republican freemarketer madlibs from a former employer who wants to stay anonymous, ec2 bill per month: $97k peak, softlayer: $26k. 1/3 the cost, 2x the performance. And let's not mention emr; a $15k/mo cluster in softlayer did something like 5x the performance of an emr cluster that was costing (and running!) $2k/day. in case you are unaware, first, see the perf difference in my previous post, and second, the public pricing on softlayer is a price ceiling. If you are buying multiple machines, even perhaps as few as 4 or 5 a month, you can probably negotiate a nice discount and certainly if you are renting 10-20/mo. Of course they will happily sell for the price on the site. their site makes it sounds like bgp is rerouting, but i'm still down yeah, with ambulances staged right outside when people keel over from heat stroke [1] So many ambulances responded to medical assistance calls at the warehouse during a heat wave in May, the paper said, that the retailer paid Cetronia Ambulance Corps to have paramedics and ambulances stationed outside the warehouse during several days of excess heat over the summer. About 15 people were taken to hospitals, while 20 or 30 more were treated right there, the ambulance chief told The Call. so just like disney, really [1] http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/09/19/inside-amazons-very... you say anti-scientific hysteria, I say reasonable fears regularly ignored by industry and whitewashed by an industry captured fda. example 1: bpa from the wiki article [1]: In 2006, the US Government sponsored an assessment of the scientific literature on BPA. Thirty-eight experts in fields involved with bisphenol A gathered in Chapel Hill, North Carolina to review several hundred studies on BPA, many conducted by members of the group. At the end of the meeting, the group issued the Chapel Hill Consensus Statement,[100] which stated BPA at concentrations found in the human body is associated with organizational changes in the prostate, breast, testis, mammary glands, body size, brain structure and chemistry, and behavior of laboratory animals.[101] The Chapel Hill Consensus Statement found that average levels in people are above those that cause harm to many animals in laboratory experiments. They noted that while BPA is not persistent in the environment or in humans, biomonitoring surveys indicate that exposure is continuous, which is problematic because acute animal exposure studies are used to estimate daily human exposure to BPA, and no studies that had examined BPA pharmacokinetics in animal models had followed continuous low-level exposures. They added that measurement of BPA levels in serum and other body fluids suggests the possibilities that BPA intake is much higher than accounted for, and/or that BPA can bioaccumulate in some conditions (such as pregnancy).[100] A 2008 report by the Center for the Evaluation of Risks to Human Reproduction within the U.S. National Toxicology Program (NTP), which is within the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, reported the results of its exhaustive review of the literature. Its conclusions, expressed relative to current estimates of general population exposure levels in the U.S., were the following: and yet bpa is still used. So when we hear that monsanto pinky-swears their experiments, even when they contaminate neighboring fields, are super duper safe, or orange growers promise up and down that, well, their genetic modifications they introduced to prevent their business from being destroyed are absolutely positively safe (we promise!)... forgive me for being skeptical. Not to mention the freakout about labeling foods; if they weren't knowingly poisoning us, why exactly would corporations be so very afraid of properly labeling foods? Any reasonable adult should have his or her bullshit detector going off when they are told gmo is absolutely safe, but it's the end of the world if we tell people which foods have gmo ingredients so that they can choose what to eat. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bisphenol_A No I didn't and you misquoted the paragraph and accidentally (I hope ?) changed the meaning. What was actually said was: For adults, the Expert Panel has negligible concern for adverse reproductive effects following exposures in the general population to Bisphenol A you'll note that does not say "negligible concern" for adults, it says "negligible concern for adverse reproductive effects ". And you know what was never studied? General safety for adults under actual dosing as experienced in reality. Further on down the same wiki article, just one of many concerns: The authors found that higher bisphenol A levels were significantly associated with heart disease, diabetes, and abnormally high levels of certain liver enzymes Please. Jenny McCarthy is a fucking idiot. See the wiki article for evidence published in medical journals that bpa harms human beings. There's plenty of evidence to say it should be banned, at bare minimum until long term studies at actual dosing levels have been performed. I don't need you to decide for me what I'm allowed to know about what I eat. yes, please do! wah wah wah, I'm entitled to your free resources and work. How dare you take that away from me. You dicks. two things: 1 - I think (though perhaps I'm putting words in his mouth) jgrahamc's point is that dicking around with sites and tools and blah blah blah is, well, just dicking around and not actually writing; 2 - lots of authors I respect have basically said that the way to get good at writing is to write a lot, revise a lot, and be prepared for early writing to suck. I wish there where a shortcut. it also makes you wonder if the interrogees still get treated with kid gloves when they aren't relatively well off people with access to money (and therefore lawyers) and large publications/audiences with which to complain. First, you're expectation that Google will drop Dart is based on what exactly? A few SaaS product cancelations? The never rely on Google meme is getting so old, mainly because it's overly applied to Google when all SaaS providers have this issue, and it's been a known downside for years: when product support ends for an installed app, you still have the old installed app to use, when support is ended for SaaS users have a problem. I hope this can be mitigated one day, but that's a whole other topic. The differences with Google is that we have a ton of users even for our small products, and there's a single name to attach attention to, rather than the numerous shutdowns that have happened in other companies, or the startups that have bee bought and killed. No, the difference with google is they use their billions of dollars and monopoly/near monopoly status in neighboring markets to come in, underprice competitors for years to not only win users for a saas product but also to poison the market and drive all competitors out of business, and then close up shop and wonder why people are pissed. As for traction, if Dart doesn't get any traction (after it's actually released, and had a good chance to succeed of course), inside Google or outside, then it probably _should_ be abandoned, right? In that case, who exactly is there to care that it's not developed anymore? any suckers that built products on top of it? The FUD around Dart is just incredible. and it's apparently too much to introspect and figure out why people, quite rationally, are declining to trust google. can't wait to find out what new failure modes your new "but it's really safe guys... this time I promise!" reactors have I don't understand how people who keep bringing up that conventional power generation kills more people than nuclear ever has (yet!) get around having their nose rubbed in the fact that we haven't experienced a worst case nuclear incident yet and that we keep getting lucky and scraping past worst cases -- at least according to what I read about all those old fuel rods stored at Fukushima. People keep ignoring safety precautions and we keep getting lucky, but luck and hope is not an acceptable strategy when you can irradiate large chunks of countries as a worst case scenario. @SuperChihuahua: I can't find the articles now, but just one failure case is there were pools with spent nuclear rods in them that required active cooling. Failure to do so produces a plume of radiation straight into the air. Of course you're never supposed to store that many fuel rods, yet somehow safety wasn't important and there we where with tons of fuel rods in pools that required active cooling and no real plan for what to do if, say, we couldn't actively cool them. why, it's enough to make a cynic think that all the ceos running their mouths about the "shortage" of software engineers (software engineer defined as someone in the top quintile of developers who wants to live in CA for far less money than available elsewhere considering COLA and will therefore struggle to afford a home and who comes in with detailed knowledge of the systems in place at future employer and does not require much, if any, training)... were merely concerned with reducing the bargaining power of the handful of people that meet their filter. Naw, couldn't be. sentences: this judge, Ciavarella, got 28 years; the other judge, Conahan, who not only sold kids but also helped prevent use of the county's facility, got 17.5 years in prison; [2] Robert Powell, an attorney that passed the bribes and part owner of the facility, got 18mos in prison and $60k in fines (it is unclear how much he will serve), plus he gets to serve in Miami to be close to his family. He did apparently cooperate and wear a wire. [2] Robert Mericle, the real estate developer who built the two facilities, paid $2.15MM to fund childrens' health programs and will likely serve 1 year or even just probation; And then you read, from the wiki article [1], "Sandy Fonzo, whose son Edward Kenzakoski committed suicide after Ciavarella gave him a jail sentence, despite Kenzakoski's first-time offender status" and I sit here amazed. Millions of dollars of theft, bribes accepted not only for children but in cases as well, children sold for cash, children pushed into suicide... I'd say all of them got a slap on the wrist. The other thing, unremarked upon by the wiki article, is I wonder who else knew about this? Just like Annie Dookhan, who was faking drug test results in Boston and sent hundreds at least to prison, possibly tainting thirty four thousand verdicts, or Jonathan Salvador, who was doing similar things in texas [4], tainting five thousand convictions, I'd bet good money there where people who saw this happening. Did you read some of the convictions? "He once sentenced a teen to three months in jail for creating a MySpace page that mocked her school’s assistant principal." Many of these fucking pigs knew what was going on, knew how to fuck a kid who was mouthy or didn't kiss their asses and send them to the judge that would send the kid up the river. Moral: never trust a pig. from [4] Worse yet, the lab Salvador worked for knew he was doing a bad job for years. A DPS investigative commission found that Salvador was asked to correct mistakes in about a third of all the tests he ran. Periodic job evaluations noted that Salvador struggled with an overall understanding of chemistry and that his problems were very systemic and his work right on the edge of tolerable, though not catastrophic. It could probably be described as catastrophic now. Twenty cases have been overturned so far, voiding almost 160 years of prison sentences. If all of Salvador's cases are thrown out, which is looking more likely, the lost sentences will total more than 10,000 years. In Walker County, DA David Weeks has already given up. His office tried to retest evidence from Salvador's cases, but the results were haphazard, Weeks told the Hunstville Item. In a case where [Salvador] said there was drugs, there wouldnt be. And when he said there were no drugs, there were drugs. "Its clear that all the cases [Salvador] worked on are irreparably damaged, Weeks said. He's already making arrangements to expunge the records of every affected defendant. It blew up in our faces. I'd bet if anyone looked hard enough in the kids for cash trade, there were at best a bunch of other people not seeing what was plain as day in front of them. sources: [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kids_for_cash_scandal [2] http://citizensvoice.com/18-month-sentence-for-powell-kids-f... [3] http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2210168/Boston-state... [4] http://www.texasobserver.org/fake-lab-results-endanger-thous... [5] http://www.esquire.com/blogs/politics/The_Drug_War_Eats_Itse... edited: I accidentally clicked submit while still editing your comparison is stupid 1 - he's a multimillionaire. He can afford to offload lots of cooking (restaurants), cleaning (cleaners), childcare (nannies), loss of income (stay at home partner), shorten his commute (purchase a house close to work, put a gym in the basement) 2 - even with all of the above, I still bet his wife does a big chunk of the household maintenance and childcare come on now. Some chick says, 'Thank you for saying all the things I never do.' I say, you know, the thanks I get is to take all the shit for you. -Ani DiFranco, "Face Up and Sing" Given the treatment of Snowden: will never set foot in the US again as a free man Manning: given solitary just to fuck with him with no punishment dished out for doing so (a room full of military assholes all saying "I didn't give the order" and no responsibility nor punishment; he just magically ended up in solitary. somehow. it's a mystery.); he shared a video of US soldiers joking about killing children Gary Webb [1]: told us that Reagan (another piece of shit) was financing weapons with drug sales in inner cities, with profits sent to the Contras John Kiriakou [2]: told us that George Bush and the cia now torture detainees Who exactly is going to step forward no matter what the wrongdoing is? We ruin the lives of whisteblowers. If you want people to come forward, you simply have to not ruin their lives for doing so. Because right now it's clear what the price is for telling us what our government is truthfully doing. Hell, you could make the argument that what the NSA does is okay (I totally disagree), but CIA/president approved crack sales in inner LA. Amazing. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Webb [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Kiriakou That's because as you descend, the partial pressure of oxygen increases. You require somewhere north of 0.10 Pa02 for consciousness; at sea level you have 0.21 Pa02. So you can consume enough oxygen at depth that when you rise you grey or black out; it's common enough that if you take a breath-hold diving course they will train you to 1 - know how it occurs; 2 - dive in pairs (always one up, one down); and 3 - make sure you are weighted so that your body is buoyant by 20 ft or so. I think americans and russians both generally think the other country is more homogenous and more in control of their government than they are. To cite examples from US politics (because I'm American), we have many problems with the classic setup for democracy to fail: a few parties with concentrated benefits or costs and on the other side many parties with diffuse costs or benefits. Plus we have private financing of elections, and thus, as the joke goes, corporations have the best government money can buy. Hopefully Snowden will be allow to stay in Russia; he'll have fun learning Russian though; it's a difficult language (source: I spent 4+mos at mgu studying russian full time.) Those cost $57. http://mobile.nytimes.com/blogs/bits/2013/08/02/a-cheap-spyi... wait: so what I understand is that windows 8.1 will, by default, transmit all local searches -- including things like my ssn to find the file I keep my gf's ssn in, plus any of the other things that I currently type into spotlight to do a full text search -- to microsoft. These search phrases will be subject to a retention and sharing policy that no doubt amounts to dozens of pages of text written by lawyers with an eye to making it difficult to understand that can be changed at whim. And that can be shared, along with identifying info, with the NSA either through subpoena or asking nicely or flat out cash money. so what exactly is the fud? You didn't see the exact phrase go into their rtb so therefore it doesn't? because anybody who claims they think end users understand that any search phrase they type on their computer will end up being shared with advertisers and stored forever is a liar Frankly, it's a good reason never to touch a msft product. At least google has the excuse they don't charge their users; I wonder why msft's is? I think you shouldn't allow yourself to become too cynical, even when you see bad examples like the komen foundation. I have no doubt the vast vast majority of doctors and charity employees that treat or support leukemia patients would be delighted (in particular, I'd bet many volunteers have been personally affected) to declare victory and either retrain for different diseases or find another hobby. edit: for an example rather than a hypothetical, see polio edit2: also, if this works, an enormous chunk of doctors, medical researchers, and scientists are going to drop whatever they're doing and frantically attempt to apply this technique to every cancer one can think of wow. fta: Before New York regulators cut the businesses off from the automated clearing house system in early August, the payday conglomerate made short-term loans over the Internet that typically became due — with interest — on the customer’s next payday. Different U.S. states have widely divergent laws governing the interest rates that lenders are allowed to charge, and Brown often ran afoul of these regulations. He has been sued in several states for making loans with interest rates well above the legal limit, was the subject of a class-action lawsuit for sending thousands of spam text messages and was investigated by federal authorities. Brown was forced to stop making loans in Tennessee following a series of Times Free Press articles in 2011 and 2012 that showed he was making loans with an interest rate in excess of what the state allowed, and was doing so without a license. I kind of just want to point and laugh; apparently karma does (slowly) come around. you say flaky, I say assholes who don't respect others' time. And way to move the goalposts re: your friend would be happy comment. I think what would have made his friend happy is to be treated with respect. Similarly with your bitterness comment; it's not bitter, it's letting the world know you and your colleagues believe it's right to treat people this way (because if you all didn't think this was ok, then you wouldn't do it). I'm embarrassed to admit that in one of my first interviews I was asked to code bubble sort and choked for the first 30 seconds (it felt like a lot longer) until I reminded myself "I can do this" and sort of got back into things. I'd be tempted to disagree that this is such a big factor but it happened to me on bubble sort . not to mention that physics can 1 - (mostly easily and cheaply) run experiments 2 - is described by a stationary distribution, unlike most of economics the question is are we more or less brutal than we used to be? Remember the good old days -- you know, when Reagan authorized crack sales in LA to finance war crimes after congress explicitly banned any money going to the contras? the big question, then, is what happens to bing? I remember it still not being profitable; if the next ceo cuts it, then who competes with google or does G just get handed the US and European search engine markets? is there anything like AppleCare+ -- 2 replacements for $49/ea? do you really believe that 20 minutes of time wasting on hn per day somehow translates into a significant amount of dev work that I could have done but didn't? I don't know the particulars of the claims, but I do know that: 1 - the wsj is barely distinguishable from anti-government propaganda, so they're worthless: any claims they make need to be verified with first party sources before belief; 2 - this happened: Pediatric gastroenterology specialists responding to the survey reported more than 80 children with magnet ingestion. Most patients required endoscopy to remove the magnets or surgery to repair damage to the bowels. Twenty-six children had bowel perforation; three needed major surgery to remove a section of damaged intestine. [1] [1] http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2012/09/120904100844.ht... ad hominem : rolleyes : known liars make all their analyses useless: you can't tell what crucial facts they elided or what quotes they selectively quoted; it's worse than uninformative, because you have to question every fact presented and go dig, as I said, for a first-party source to verify. oh, and if we're discussing a certain emr company in madison... in the beginning, in the 70s or so, ram was very tight and the source was interpreted, not compiled; variable names were shortened to save memory. So the oldest core routines have single letter variable names variables aren't declared; when you use a name, the interpreter just travels up the call stack looking for somewhere that variable is defined. so if you accidentally use the wrong name, especially with the strong bias to very short variable names, in nested enough code you will find that variable. This led to some amazing bugs the prefix of the command to delete a node in the internal db (really just global sparse arrays) deleted everything. A coworker fat fingered that in a customer's prod systems and took down a hospital chain you've heard of. I just heard him wail, "Oh SHIT" and sprint out of our office; I later found out he ran for the recovery team. they also had 15mm lines of vb6 oh, and they love h1b slave labor. Bring them over, abuse them, threaten to fire them if they don't work their asses off, and leave them with no transferable job skills. I presume the ceo uses her billions to salve her conscience. ok, but what on earth do you do? Your site is just as details free as your post the burj khalifa got to 2700 ft http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burj_Khalifa I dunno about criminal, and nokia seems like an incompetent company (the smartphone market was theirs to lose and lose it they did), but I have to stand amazed at a couple players. Elop is returning to microsoft and Mark Penn, strategist from the hillary clinton presidential campaign, will be running marketing. Those two sure have the gift of failing up. starting at the dickwolves comic and jumping to open hostility towards victims of rape is a giant leap fwiw, penny arcade also banned booth babes and generally seem reasonably feminist my guess is that Gabe was taken aback by the (imo over the top) attacks against him and that comic by feminist bloggers and is simply going to blind in this area from now on. nonono the lawyers get $10k for each of us we get an expiring in one year coupon for a free ice cream cone with purchase of $20 and of course, they have absolutely zero such obligation please don't ever design anything for people to use you're breaking the 0.01% use case at the expense of the 99.99% use case. maybe the 99.999% clearly you've never had a coworker that pitched a fit when it was pointed out that watching his kids (and trying to hold meetings over their screaming and racing around) is many things, but work it ain't that "solution" is, basically, ridiculous and not adopted for good reason. A quote from Michael O'Church I quite like: Let's say that you have 20 tasks. Each involves rolling a 10-sided die. If it's a 1 through 8, wait that number of minutes. If it's a 9, wait 15 minutes. If it's a 10, wait an hour. How long is this string of tasks going to take? Summing the median time expectancy, we get a sum 110 minutes, because the median time for a task is 5.5 minutes. The actual expected time to completion is 222 minutes, with 5+ hours not being unreasonable if one rolls a lot of 9's and 10's. This is an obvious example where summing the median expected time for the tasks is ridiculous, but it's exactly what people do when they compute time estimates, even though the reality on the field is that the time-cost distribution has a lot more weight on the right. (That is, it's more common for a 6-month project to take 8 months than 4. In statistics-wonk terms, the distribution is log-normal.) Software estimates are generally computed (implicitly) by summing the good-case (25th to 50th percentile) times-to-completion, assuming perfect parallelism with no communication overhead, and with a tendency for unexpected tasks, undocumented responsibilities, and bugs to be overlooked outright. [1] The point is, you are unable to know the worst possible outcome. Since it will have huge input into your average, your average is therefore useless. Perhaps the project isn't specced fully enough and, during implementation, a dev discovers an ugly or impossible feature interaction. You now have to either cut features or rearchitect another feature, ie the dice come up 10 in Michael's analogy. An example from my background: I work on ml code. A learning algorithm was written in parallel with a particular loss function (essentially, this tells you if your estimates are good or bad). The person writing the spec assumed that a different loss function could be dropped in later. Indeed, this is how the math works on paper. But loss function number 2 required a different data layout between the machines. The vision was writing a new loss function should be one or two lines of code dropped into the middle of a hot loop; the reality was it took almost a month of work. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3522910 echo "my quote" | fold -s -w 77 | sed "s/^/ /" append pbcopy if on a mac: echo "my quote" | fold -s -w 77 | sed "s/^/ /" | pbcopy When conducting 702 FISA surveillance, the only information NSA obtains results from the use of specific identifiers (for example email addresses and telephone numbers) used by non-U.S. persons overseas who are believed to possess or receive foreign intelligence information. Foreign terrorists sometimes communicate with persons in the U.S. or Americans overseas. In targeting a terrorist overseas who is not a U.S. person, NSA may get both sides of a communication. If that communication involves a U.S. person, NSA must follow Attorney General protects the privacy of U.S. persons. The collection under FISA section 702 is the most significant tool in the NSA collection arsenal for the detection, identification, and disruption of terrorist threats to the U.S. and around the world. also, to address the lies you're spreading: I have no idea about 702 fisa surveillance, but what we do know is: 1 - the nsa collects intelligence 2 - if you, as an american, communicated with a foreigner, you're fair game. 2b - if you, as an american, communicated with an american who communicated with a foreigner, the nsa collects your communications. 2c - if you, as an american, communicated with an american who communicated with an american who communicated with a foreigner... the nsa collects your communications. 2d - why yes, if you're observant, you might think this is virtually every american. 3 - if they accidentally collected your, as an american, communications, they keep it. "Accidentally". 4 - since all pigs are liars, they distribute this to, amongst others, the irs and the dea, along with a guide to whitewashing where the information came from. So the dea can, what do you know, pull over a random van for a busted tail light or not signaling a lane change or signaling a lane change to early or just cause they feel like it -- there is always, 100% of the time, a reason for a cop to pull over a car if they want to. Then they randomly find drugs! Who knew, must be just a coincidence! [1] The undated documents show that federal agents are trained to recreate the investigative trail to effectively cover up where the information originated, a practice that some experts say violates a defendant's Constitutional right to a fair trial. If defendants don't know how an investigation began, they cannot know to ask to review potential sources of exculpatory evidence - information that could reveal entrapment, mistakes or biased witnesses. I have never heard of anything like this at all, said Nancy Gertner, a Harvard Law School professor who served as a federal judge from 1994 to 2011. Gertner and other legal experts said the program sounds more troubling than recent disclosures that the National Security Agency has been collecting domestic phone records. The NSA effort is geared toward stopping terrorists; the DEA program targets common criminals, primarily drug dealers. It is one thing to create special rules for national security, Gertner said. Ordinary crime is entirely different. It sounds like they are phonying up investigations. [1] 5 - yes, regarding #4, all pigs are liars, and this would be lying directly to the court. Not that they will be prosecuted for it. 6 - since this already migrated from "omg terrarism" to drugs, you may wonder where it will end. tip: it won't just be with drugs, it never is. [1] http://news.yahoo.com/exclusive-u-directs-agents-cover-progr... I believe SS benefits are indexed to earnings; if she had spent 2.5 decades earning $25k per annum her ss benefits may have been quite low it's worth noting that $25k pretax (and note $25k seems to have been a high), even at a modest tax rate, could easily fall (post income, fica, etc) to $18k post tax. Or $1500/mo. medicare should start shortly after the 65th birthday, but people still have to buy Part B and either part C or D. afaik part B requires a typical 20% contribution; this can be quite painful if you're living / attempting to maintain a house on $1500/month old age is no picnic, particularly in the usa, and that goes double for people who don't have significant savings btw, the official federal poverty line in the us for a household of 1 is $11,490. pretty fucking shocking. [1] [1] http://www.familiesusa.org/resources/tools-for-advocates/gui... where on earth do professors get paid $200k+ with a variety of perks? I call complete bullshit. Unless you're discussing eg harvard, stanford, or yale; or law schools, in which case you should say so. btw, salaries at UW Madison (top 15 cs) used to be on the web. They are nowhere near $200k most of the adjunct employees don't, actually, have health care and many of them don't have other jobs, unless you count eg starbucks. hell, is there any part of your statements that are informed by data rather than being pulled out of your ass? The author is claiming a one independent variable regression explains something. Starting with ommitted-variable bias [1], I don't think this shows much. The author only looks at high-tech companies which had raised a Seed or Series A round AND which had exited and where an exit valuation was available a bad analysis does not create meaningful information. At bare minimum, to gain any real insights, you need to include startups that failed. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omitted-variable_bias and since it does nothing like dispel the notion (see, again, omitted variables)... what exactly does this contribute again? so let me share this -- I've watched prominent HN users (top 10 leaderboard) attack a user's company because they disagreed with that user's posted opinion about software. Given their willingness to drag employers into a pissing match, not posting under your real name, or at least making it difficult to find, is perfectly rational. crossfit is a scam. People go to crossfit to become more fit. Since they are presumably novices, how exactly are they supposed to evaluate the instruction they receive? Crossfit, as implicitly admitted in your post, is perfectly willing to allow poor and dangerous instruction to be sold with their name, as long as the cash keeps on coming. and this: If you go to a gym (CrossFit or not) that programs things that expose you to to any kind of injury, then you should absolutely leave. when you later call those people dumb is really amazing. Yes, they are dumb for trusting people like you who sell dangerous coaching with the crossfit brand. You're willing to associate with crossfit and turn a blind eye to how other crossfit coaches hurt people who trust them. Wow. But let's play along. Which other OTC medicines could being forgetful and accidentally taking a second dose cause death? Not to mention it's hidden in other medications which require careful label reading to discover. fta: "The 4 gram per day recommended dose is also the maximum safe dose, one that must not be exceeded, an unusual situation for any drug, particularly an OTC drug, one placing a large fraction of users close to a toxic dose in the ordinary course of use," the report said. that sounds like something extraordinarily dangerous to be handing out OTC and allowing companies to bury in other medications requiring people to be very careful to not accidentally double dose. the difference, unlike cancer, is we know how to nearly completely prevent those 150/year (and 70k associated hospitalizations)... it's just it puts a big dent in a private company's earnings and we have the best congress that money can buy. fta The German government reported four deaths from acetaminophen poisoning in 2010, the same year the CDC put the American total at 321. The U.S. population is four times that of Germany. Germany has strict controls on acetaminophen. You mean like (what I would call) illegal detainment and warrantless searches of David House, simply because he is a human rights activist and was raising money for Chelsea Bradley's defense? [1] The pigs stole his laptop and usb drive for more than two months, and took a copy of a supporters list. There was no reason to believe this man had anything to do with Chelsea or was doing anything but raising money for her defense. [1] http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2013/05/govt-agrees-to-de... dangerous or a threat to whom exactly? Pray tell, to whom was Dr King a threat [1]? [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Luther_King,_Jr.#FBI_Sur... Do you have any idea what you talk about? gitmo is actually full of people whose crime was to piss someone in off, get handed in for a bounty, then get caught in the middle of Republicans rousing their inbred base by opposing trials. From the wiki article: "The Center for Policy and Research's 2006 report based on DOD released data, found that most detainees were low-level people who were not affiliated with organizations on U.S. terrorist lists." [1] One example: "The U.S. offered $5,000 per prisoner and distributed leaflets widely in the region. A perfect example would be Adel, a Chinese Uighur and dissident who had been sold to the US by Pakistani bounty hunters" [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guantanamo_Bay_detention_camp#D... so to be clear, you're soliciting applications, including on HN. People are spending their time to create cover letter / resume / send an email. And you can't be arsed to reply to that email. Got it. sure, but when people deliberately lie in order to gain millions of dollars, I can't get that upset when they get 6 months stuck in their house he, and statisticians at his company, knew or should have known what he was doing was wrong. This stuff is covered in the first inferential stats course taken as an undergrad. as part of the apple-samsung lawsuit, apple produced apparently incredibly business sensitive licensing agreements, some of which where with Nokia. In order to avoid samsung using this to their advantage/letting samsung go on a fishing expedition, the agreement was apple's documents would only go to apple's lawyers and samsung's external legal firm. Samsung's external lawyers had a duty to avoid giving this knowledge to their employers. Since lying and cheating are pervasive ethics at Samsung (see: recent benchmarking results), Samsung of course got their hands on a copy of this agreements in order to help negotiate negotiate their own deals with Nokia. Nokia told the court. Samsung and their firm and busy lying to the court and hiding. However, the court has subpoena powers. At minimum Samsung's external legal firm stands to be censured. Or you could view it as a collective action problem which the french government is solving. Which is one of the reasons for government in the first place. Actually, perhaps you should google "tragedy of the commons" because you appear not to believe in such things. With the exception of Apple and Motorola, literally every single OEM we’ve worked with ships (or has shipped) at least one device that runs this silly CPU optimization. [1] http://www.anandtech.com/show/7384/state-of-cheating-in-andr... as Dickens said: Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen [pounds] nineteen [shillings] and six [pence], result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pounds ought and six, result misery. Particularly as a startup employee, you have to understand your job can just disappear on short notice. Having 6 mos of living expenses in cash and more in general investments is one of the best feelings; I know that virtually no matter what goes on with my employer I have plenty of time to find a new job. ps -- yes, you too can save money. For example, I use a crappy android phone on a cheap plan and don't have cable. Those two choices alone save me roughly $2k/year; over 10 years that's $20k. I'm not saying those should be your things, but I bet you've got something. You can simultaneously think that what Joe is claimed to have done is totally and utterly wrong and that doing body shots and allowing back rubbing and head kissing with coworkers, let alone supervisors, is incredibly stupid. yup, newsflash to all the idiots in the world: google and facebook aren't doing anything for free. blue_beetle is still right: “If you are not paying for it, you’re not the customer; you’re the product being sold.” Unless I misread entirely, your price is $39/mo. That's just not happening for personal email. I value my time, but I already have a vps and you're charging $500/year. And I'm even willing to pay for email; I already pay $2.50/mo via tuffmail. oh, cool and, you know, actually relevant given the thriving ios app business and wide deployment. Unlike microsoft phones and tablets. in machine learning, as soon as you stop using linear models which are normally quite fast to compute, models will be as slow as you can tolerate. for example: random forest, gradient boosting, gam, etc -- you will typically do parameter searches and the models you get are as good as your willingness to wait. Good software will run at a significant fraction of memory bus speed and the faster that bus goes the better your models will be. maybe so, but Cory's post says (minus the bullshit): All the claims are totally correct, but we tried super duper hard (though we sure as hell aren't going to put our money on the line if we're wrong) to make this secure. And if we don't keep this up, or if we do get hacked? Ain't our problem. Its a response that doesn't address most of the criticisms and attempts to deflect them into an argument about how supposedly secure their systems are instead of addressing the concerns about the system period. And not only the post but the linked privacy policy consist entirely of weasel language. eg: Do you store my email or my password? LinkedIn servers will temporarily cache information in order to provide you with the fastest service possible. Here are the full details: During installation, the servers temporarily cache your password in order to add a new Mail account to your device. Your password is only cached for the length of time it takes to install Intro, and never for more than 2 hours. Typically, your password is cached for no more than 1 minute. During usage, the servers may temporarily cache your emails in order to make emails download faster. When your device starts to download a mail folder, such as your inbox, the servers will pre-emptively download and cache recent messages in that folder. A few seconds later, when your device downloads the individual messages, the servers will provide the cached messages. Your messages are only cached until your device downloads them, and never for more than 1 hour. Typically, your messages are cached for no more than a few minutes. All cached information is held securely to industry standards. Each piece of data is encrypted with a key that is unique to you and your device, and the servers themselves are secured and monitored 24/7 to prevent any unauthorized access. where someone not an asshole would answer "yes" perhaps, if you are so concerned about privacy, you shouldn't be using the site period; are you now going to claim that the site owner has no right to see how people use their website? but oh! google is happy to sell that data I've never gotten a raise worth mentioning at a company, but I've twice gotten > $15k cash raises switching companies. Now why the hell would I stay at a company in lieu of $15k cash; if it's stock options, they'd better be taking off like a rocket ship. One former employer, with (guessing) a median employee duration of 15 months, would complain endlessly about how hard it was to hire. It was frustrating to see really good employees already trained on a very complicated internal hadoop variant walk out the door; somehow, the dedicated team of 7-9 recruiters (including managers) costing probably on the order of $1mm/year fully loaded; countless hours of engineering time phone screening and interviewing; and the opportunity cost never made management pay people what they could get elsewhere. UP3214Q : 41,899 $HK = 5404.01 $US but say I want a smartphone, what is my alternative? google, who works harder and harder to sell everything I do to advertisers (now you can't even rate apps w/o a google+ account), and who just shut off transmitting search data so they can screw site owners for more $? microsoft, who is a party to this and actively worked to make the internet worse (and succeeded!) for the better part of a decade? or apple, who at least isn't run by and for advertisers? all choices suck you're preaching to the choir please don't parrot nonsense like "responsible" disclosure; it mangles language to normalize behavior these companies want (what's the opposite of responsible? Not letting companies sit around and procrastinate while users are or may be being exploited is therefore irresponsible.) I'm not necessarily saying people shouldn't disclose first, but labeling it as responsible is grating. Lots of people in thread are discussing about becoming a primary contributor to an open source product. I think there's an easier way, and it worked for me. I found a company that builds an open source product, applied, and impressed them enough to get hired. This seems far more direct. edit: there is a downside. My job frankly isn't much different than many other software jobs; it just so happens that the output is open source. I still have a boss, we still have company priorities (though I help set them!) and strategic goals, etc. I don't get to just fuck around and work on whatever I want. So you should be careful: if what you want is the latter (work on whatever you want, get paid), you probably need to be someone like Linus. That said, the project I work on is damn cool and my job is better (for me; I don't think jobs are good but rather the tuple can be good) than almost anything else I can imagine. edit2: I'm unfortunately not listing the company name because there are some real dicks on HN; you can probably figure it out if you're really interested but please don't post it. you mean any political process that happens to threaten someone with a big enough mouthpiece to declare it terrorism no the dev doesn't Mike, in his own words: I went through the app, listed out the bugs I was finding for each component, mocked up a couple small graphical changes, and sent them over to the developer. bugs are covered under a fixed price contract. Changes aren't. And Mike is a marketer / photographer; do you really believe he has any idea of the difference between a "small graphical change" and something that requires a code change? The developer is at fault only for agreeing to any changes without a price increase. And thus the classic problem with fixed price contracts: when I've done them I've been really clear with clients that no changes are included. Bugs yes, but every change is a renegotiation. Now often the lines between those two are a bit blurry, and I try to give clients the benefit of the doubt. But I bid to a very specific spec, and what can seem like a tiny change often goes against the grain of assumptions built into the code and is anything but tiny. To a person, clients agree then whine down the road when guess what, that change is a price increase. Sigh. The answer is to not do fixed price; it just sets you up in a very adversarial relationship with your client. Plus, well, if you pay bottom price you get bottom quality. s3 seems great for scaling out storage, but I'm sure there are gotchas. I work in a very different area, but my experience with ec2 are you should drop what you're doing and immediately price out leaving. Roughly: for big hadoop tasks, ec2 is a horrid environment. The boxes are slow, flaky, and shitty; the network is slow and super shitty; and everything about the experience is ass. Oh, and the emr admins are assholes who push broken code; code that couldn't even have run once . These assholes, after issuing us a hotfix to a boot action, proceeded to change the path to the hotfix (without mentioning it to us), breaking our production clusters twice in in 30 hours. I guess I hold a grudge but I like sleeping. The point is emr and perhaps ec2 are complete amateur hour. Quoting myself earlier: from a former employer who wants to stay anonymous, ec2 bill per month: $97k peak, softlayer: $26k. 1/3 the cost, 2x the performance. And let's not mention emr; a $15k/mo cluster in softlayer did something like 5x the performance of an emr cluster that was costing (and running!) $2k/day. I'm not kidding about 1/3 the cost and twice the performance. And this wasn't even with rack/switch local boxes, which would improve performance even more. Vince -- I don't want to piss on your parade, but I've worked for dishonest people and it's never worked out for me: every time I've done it I've come to regret it. You may want to start looking... Good luck. unless there is something new in the latest release of osx 10.9, what on earth are you talking about? Also, apple sells google the right to be the default search engine on ios (see eg [1]); this is very different than selling your search queries or results. For instance, when you get a google results page, only the very stupidest could be unaware that, well, google knows what you searched for. [1] http://bgr.com/2013/02/11/google-apple-ios-default-search-1-... yup. science gets the software they deserve: industry not only (ime) pays somewhere between 2-3x as well, but companies like engineers and view it as prestigious instead of labs where you are viewed as the help. Even if the results coming out of the lab are completely dependent on very sophisticated computer programs to produce. how? Are you in the habit of hiring without knowing the criteria for success in that role? Is the candidate supposed to guess or read your mind? As a candidate, I always ask what would make my future boss count hiring me an awesome decision. Also, it's really interesting when different interviewers answer the question differently; I've been in the middle of a job I quit after a year where different decision makers thought the role should be different things, and it sucked. bs. companies implement the most important things first. now maybe canonical is running to implement searching other stuff as a fig leaf -- oh guys, no wait, we weren't just doing this to sell your local searches to advertisers. but if that weren't the purpose dropbox and google drive would have been the first implementations. 350x on what possible workload? how do you speed up i/o bound workloads -- are you offloading compression/decompression to the gpu or something? It's not that they will paper over problems a child has; if you read other sources they will outright lie. I also recall reading, unfortunately an article that I can no longer find, that China and Russia would often give severely challenged children to US adoptive parents. The article also emphasizes that the US government, both federal and state, offers virtually no help to the parents and highlights a case where the parents where threatened with prosecution because they couldn't handle a child that had physically hurt one of their other children. There is plenty of blame to go around, unfortunately, but it really highlights the almost complete lack of mental health care available in the US and the lack of help for parents who have very damaged children, whether adopted or not. look, when your opponents are the sick pieces of human shit who exploited Terri Schiavo, there is no common ground to be had. Republicans like people to die as painfully as humanly possible, and the medical industry will cooperate. My experience was my father dying from cancer. There was no question he was going to die, and the only remaining questions where how soon -- tomorrow or in a month or two -- and how painfully. first, that price is almost certainly negotiable, particularly if you call and say "i'm running a ton of light vms for some strange reason" second, I think, at least for me, what bugs me is the massive entitlement on display. God forbid devs who built an awesome piece of software get paid; instead, dude whinges on the internet that he might have to gasp patch and compile an rpm or fork out some money. The horrors! I haven't been impressed with mine unfortunately. Issues: 1 - the display doesn't get dim enough; it's too bright to read in bed next to a partner 1a - this is INCREDIBLY annoying: at the lowest brightness, the display flickers. Noticeably. 1b - I repeat 1a 2 - slow charging times 3 - it's not quite wide enough to read technical pdfs comfortably. Also, the software available to read pdfs generally is not particularly good. Ebookdroid is the best of a bad bunch. On the bright side, it can invert colors for reading in bed. However, it still isn't particularly good at finding the content in pdfs formatted for other screens, boxing it to exclude eg page numbers or headers, then filling the screen with just content. Anyway, I found the slightly wider screen on an ipad mini better for reading pdfs. ymmv; if I where just reading kindle books and not reading in bed I'd probably like it better. Also, I'm over 6 feet tall and have big hands, so I find the mini comfortable. Again, ymmv. Julia has a lot of rough edges. For example, the dataframe support is primitive. Type issues show up all over the place; for example, if you extract a column from a dataframe, then combine it with other columns via [], it sometimes fails if the column you extracted is first and succeeds otherwise. Saving matrices is still really primitive; nowhere near as good as R or matlab. In julia, you still have to remember what you put in the file and how big it is. Nonetheless, julia is awesome and if you haven't tried it you're missing out. It's pleasant to work in in a way that numpy + python isn't. It's a higher performance R, one which has a hope of scaling to the sizes of data I want to use. You can almost always write in matrix notation then decay to loops if necessary. a toy irls implementation looks like: sigma = function(X) 1/(1 + exp(-X*beta)) end beta = zeros( size(X,2) ); max_iter = 50 iter = 0 converged = false while iter If you haven't tried it and you're an R or numpy user, you should give it a try immediately. Lots of people seems to use ipython or ipython in the browser to efficiently use the repl with code. I prefer tmux with 2 windows; vim in the left, julia in the right, and vim-slime to move code over. What Ben did seems to be a message to women that they don't belong and aren't welcome. Whether you like it or not, that is how many women (and men as well) interpret the use of gendered pronouns. What joyent did is say Ben is an asshole. They aren't the same thing. Part of creating an inclusionary companies, industries, and associations is removing the default assumption that engineers are male, and language is a critical way that presumption is conveyed. I googled. It appears bad breath is (mainly?) due to the presence of hydrogen sulfide and methyl mercaptan [1]. These are mostly not produced by s.mutans but instead by gram-negative bacteria. otoh, S. salivarius K12 appears (and it being studied) to produce substances which inhibit s. mutans and the gram-negative bacteria [same article]. [1] http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=beat-bad-br... (I'm not an engineer). I a similar article; iirc android phones could be owned by plugging them into a hostile usb connection. I wonder, though, if you couldn't produce a simple adapter that just drops some of the pins? Maybe I don't know enough about usb. Yeah, they're responsive after negative stories draw peoples' attention. So if you can hit the top of HN or you're Jeff Jarvis (see dell hell) you'll get ok customer service. If not, google wants you to gfad. thank you jdietrich butthurt isn't slang for rape, and you don't get to decide what the community understanding of the meaning is. Which is someone unreasonably upset. source: my understanding, peer understandings, and every post on urbandictionary no it isn't. Lying to the court is nothing; it has to rise to the incredible level of prenda for anything to actually happen to the lawyers involved. i'm sure that this guy whiningly (not a word, but you get what I mean) continuing to use gmail... will really show google I think banks are in deep trouble whether they know it or not. Google won't be able to compete -- their attitude towards customer service is to drop trou and shit on their customer. It's annoying enough when it's your email, but if I where to move $10-$100k of cash to them I would expect to pick up the phone and get a human being empowered to make decisions on the phone. I've been on the wrong side of their customer service enough that I actively try to prevent relatives and friends from depending on anything google makes. Amazon, however, loves coming into medium to high capital requirement low margin businesses and destroying the competition. I'm actually a little surprised they haven't been more aggressive here. The small credit unions that can offer local service and actually answer the phone may survive, but what differentiates citi/bofa/wellsfargo/bancorp etc? Not much that I can see -- unless you're a high net worth individual, there's little reason for most people who don't eg have international banking issues to bother with them. I've been a customer of a local credit union for nearly 5 years. In that time, I've entered a branch exactly once: when I opened my account. I've opened new accounts, had my credit card stolen, gotten fraudulent purchases refunded, purchased a car via a loan, refinanced another loan, and gotten a quote for a mortgage mostly online with a handful of phone calls. The other fix is also very simple: death penalty for any business that sold a certificate delegation that is stolen. A little blunt, but if selling these represented the potential loss of millions of revenue, companies would pay more attention to it. We should all kill ANSSI certs. I'm tall. When I fly for business, I get extra legroom / business class or don't go. sfo -> nyc: i'm giving the company an absolute shit 16 (round trip) hours of my life. So they're going to pay some money to make me less uncomfortable, and if that's a problem, I don't go. Bosses tend to react poorly to flat out refusal to travel except when it's reasonably comfortable but that's their problem. If making me miserable (and unproductive; I can't even fully open my laptop in coach) to save $700 is a problem, then fuck 'em. since that is the truth: yes a guess: studios realized leaving drm on for music meant perpetual apple lock-in for consumers. Eg my so has several thousand songs that before drm removal could only be listened to on an ipod. I would not be surprised if capitalism ends in the united states in our lifetimes, either peacefully or through violence. Consider the rapid onset of robotization, creating a largely unemployed (and unemployable) populace, with the intersection of current republican party attitudes towards the nonwealthy, which I think can be mostly summarized as "fuck you I got mine". You may find a book called "Does Capitalism Have a Future?" by Immanuel Wallerstein, et al interesting; I did. But a favorable alternative may be quite likely: the institutional transformation from capitalism to a noncapitalist system of political economy—an institutional revolution—could come about through peaceful political process. If the crisis of capitalism is severe enough—a majority of the population structurally unemployed, robots and computers doing almost all the income-generating work but owned by a small number of wealthy capitalists, the economy in deep depression—at some point a political party could win electoral power on an anticapitalist program. Some governing party or coalition would have to replace capitalist production, distribution, and finances with a system that redistributes wealth outside the system of labor market and profit-taking. re-excerpted from: https://www.salon.com/2013/11/24/millennials_rise_up_college... book: http://www.amazon.com/Does-Capitalism-Future-Immanuel-Waller... another distributed open source ml library: http://0xdata.com ask if you have any questions I still think it's weird. 0 - they claim this can be done around a fulltime job, but some people in the thread disagree from experience. Plus, I have a very fulltime job, and particularly come winter, I am busy every single weekend. Your job 1 - $25/hour is almost worse than $0; it's a fraction of my consulting rate. 2 - I, like many engineers, am not hurting for job opportunities at the moment. so that's the thing that scares me a nsa official just did an obvious trial-balloon of pardoning snowden in exchange for return of all the docs [1] but now that snowden is in russia, you have to assume that many nation-states have seen all these docs. so really, the nsa is worried that you and I will see them fucking amazing [1] http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/dec/15/nsa-edward-snow... I learned to program in 8 bg -- in 1990, 8 years before google. My technical references where a single c++ book and later a borrowed (a teacher at school knew an engineering professor at a local university) copy of msdn on a pile of cds in a box. My parents where not programmers; few people where at that time, and my parents didn't know any. I wouldn't have internet access for another 5 years, and when I got it, it was over a 56k baud modem. But valleywag's point -- in the new, unfortunately Owen Thomas less incarnation -- is to find a quote from an engineer or executive associated with silicon valley that could be construed as sexist, or racist, or discriminatory to someone (and no worries if said quote must be taken wildly out of context) then pitch a fit about it. For a perfect example from [1], see [2]. So Nitashu happened upon Paul wondering about the low presence of women in the engineer pipeline and it was perfect. They are people who stole the fox news business model and pointed it at silicon valley. Even when the complaints are legitimate, there's plenty to complain about in the valley, but characterizing us via the worst examples you can find is their stock in trade. A good 2014 resolution is to stop hoping Sam or Nitashu will turn into Owen and to ignore gawker. [1] http://pando.com/2013/12/26/look-whos-gawking-inside-nick-de... [2] http://valleywag.gawker.com/twitter-employees-dont-talk-abou... google may be 30% women overall but I would be shocked if that where true of engineering; Rachel of rachel by the bay definitely didn't have that experience Only morons like the economist would look at the US not being interesting in getting involved in a war in Syria -- where we would have to choose sides between an evil regime and al-qaeda -- and conclude "This betrays both a lack of ambition and an ignorance of history." In fact, it betrays rather a good grasp of recent history -- see both Iraq and Afghanistan. Maybe America has finally learned to beware Republican assholes volunteering your (but not their!) children for war. One can dream, anyhow... I take your point, but if you earn $23k/year you aren't paying over 50% in tax. Particularly post eitc. Hi. I'm a hp warranty victim; an so's old laptop had 3 year next business day support. On three occasions those lying sacks of shit made us mail it to them for a week at a time. Don't believe it; your "next day" warranty is just a donation of beer money for hp execs. She single biggest disappointment of the ACA is how few people understand what could be passed in the american system of governance, which combines a huge number of veto points with the republican party that plainly couldn't give a fuck less about people unable to afford healthcare. That's really silly. As a candidate, I require 3 weeks of vacation (because life is short, I want that, and I won't work for you otherwise.) If that's not on the table, I want to know immediately; I already have a job that meets my requirements, so no need to bother with yours if it doesn't. As a hiring manager, I offer 3 weeks of vacation; if that isn't enough for an employee, I need to either figure out if we can negotiate a special deal (someone super awesome, or maybe reduced salary, or who knows) and if not, I don't want to waste time with a candidate we won't hire. wow 7 days a week and canned for a day off? That should prompt anyone with self respect or integrity to walk out the door and drop emails asking for help or pointers with the codebase. if we're willing to posit the existence of unwritten software that makes simd work from ocaml or haskell, we could also just assume the existence of C that checks memory accesses for zero cost also, I think you may be able to do reasonably well with icc and not much assembly 1 - If a tenant loses a job and can't pay the rent, that contract isn't worth the paper its written on. You can't practically collect money someone doesn't have. Even if you collect a judgement, and sell it, you'll be lucky to get 20 cents on the dollar. Not even mentioning your time, court costs, and legal costs. Those may be recoverable, again, but practically speaking they're gone. The number of tenants who actually have the ability to pay and don't is, in my experience, very small. Few people wish to fuck with their housing situation. 2 - we just went through a rather unexpected bout of widespread unemployment 3 - the author appears to not have verifiable income streams (ex rent) with which to service the mortgage. If you are unaware, at least in markets I'm familiar with (and I have some familiarity with this), newly purchased rental properties rarely cover the mortgage + taxes + maintenance. You often expect them to be cash flow negative for some period. Which doesn't even begin to mention the risk of not finding tenants. Or the tenants not paying. And even in the latter situation, depending on where you are, it can take many months to forcibly remove them. 4 - basically, the author just switched from w2 to self-employed and therefore has no history with which to demonstrate his self employment is anything but a fantasy. If he had a year of demonstrable self-employment history, he probably would have been fine. His complaint, in general, seems overwrought. 5 - and again, in case anyone has forgotten, we just went through a bout of systemic risk due to banks selling mortgages people couldn't service combined with people overestimating their ability to pay. Therefore, even if he is stuck in the cracks, this is the price of insuring a lack of systemic risk to the system (for which the US taxpayer is on the hook), particularly when banks just demonstrated you can't trust them to properly underwrite mortgages. 6 - credit != ability to pay. You can get very good credit simply by taking small loans and paying them on time. In my experience, those two things aren't well related at all. Note you also may make $250k/year, forget to pay a small medical bill (which is easy to do), get sent to collections, and have a credit score in the 600s. 7 - in the history of tenants we've had to evict (thankfully very few, and not all for nonpayment of rent), several have had very good credit Do you? apple maps just led us 18 minutes out of the way just this weekend . It's apparently incapable of leading people to restaurants just off 80 in Auburn, CA. When we gave up and used decent software -- ie google maps -- it got us straight there. we could all really use a better email client, but as discussed to death in the sparrow threads, the app store has reset software pricing perceptions. People will now bitch endlessly about having to pay the princely price of $10, which theoretically comes with free perpetual upgrades. This is down from the $50-$100 people used to pay for each major version of an email client in the 90s. While this may be good for pocketbooks, it has also probably destroyed desktop mail clients for non-enterprise as a market for a software company that wants to pay landlords or mortgages in something besides appreciation. castro is really pretty small; I think you're better off as a gay man in nyc. that plus bravery and the (correct?) hope that the police and military will basically be unwilling to pull triggers a handful of tanks and people willing to fire on their fellow citizens would probably rout the protests end up in prison and beaten (did they cause her spinal issues or just prevent treatment?) craigslist is a perfect counterexample. I'm not sure if this will be true for snapchat, but network effects probably dominate. that's hard, but wow the author sucks. His/her spouse is driving their kids around under the influence? 1 - see a lawyer and start documenting; 2 - dtmfa I received an item from amazon that didn't match the description. It was supposed to be a spray bottle of mineral oil to kill plant mites. When it came it was just the oil, but not in the spray bottle. I emailed amazon to let them know and said I didn't want to return the produce since I had a spare spray bottle; I just wanted them to correct their catalogue. The csr thanked me, said he or she would contact their catalogue team, and (unprompted) refunded 1/2 the purchase amount without my asking. This is part of the reason I made 35 purchases last year from amazon. it's not where you start, it's where you are in your 30s, particularly when you start thinking about starting a family or owning a home. This is a very expensive place to live, and having 1-2 roommates and still paying $1200-$1600 a month gets old. if you want to have 2 kids, you're staring at a $600k+ condo, or a $1mm+ house; 2 cars; and daycare so you can both work. Plus 9% CA income tax. Oh, and if you ever want to retire, you're going to pay the state $1200/mo of rent just to be allowed to continue to live in the home you fully own (ps: don't take this the wrong way, I understand the state needs money, but $20k+ a year between property tax, insurance, utilities, and a handful of repairs is hard to budget into retirement.) A couple I'm friends with just left to move back to MI. One was a developer with a masters from a top 10, making $140k. The partner was an account manager and made $90k, for a total of $230. The engineer took a paycut to $105 and the partner took a paycut to $60, for a total of $165. However, you can buy a pretty nice home for $350k; they live near family to help with daycare (saying $400/week for infant childcare); and taxes are lower. It's a much better deal for them. And again, to own a home, they need $100k+ as a downpayment and still have a housing/income ratio of 600/230 for a condo and 1100/230 = 4.8 for a detached house. Compare to MI where they have a housing/income ratio of 350/165 of 2.1. That makes an enormous difference in your financial lives, particularly as you think about savings, retirement, paying for college, etc. So there is no "should" here. It's what do people need to be paid to live in an insane housing market with a busted ass public transport system, when there are far cheaper deals available elsewhere. yeah nonsense like this makes me think google is begging for either a competitor or regulation and 1% or skim taste like dirty water This post, I think, makes 2 mistakes. First, sf and the valley simply don't pay engineers well enough. This is the second, striving to become the first, most expensive housing market in the united states. $150k sounds great here until you look at that as a fraction of your housing cost and compare to anywhere else in the country, including manhattan (because unlike here, nyc isn't run by morons so they have functioning transportation systems). I don't want to just quote myself, but all this still applies: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7195118 Second, immigration is a crutch to get around paying domestic employees enough. I see net emigration from the valley amongst experienced engineers in their 30s who start having families and can find better financial lives elsewhere. If companies paid well enough that moving to the bay area wasn't horrid financially, they'd find plenty of software engineering talent already in the united states. But consider my friend above: $165 total income in the midwest is (compared solely to housing cost) equivalent to approx $450k here, when holding (housing costs / post tax income) constant. edit: not to mention, companies still don't want flexible employment arrangements or remote work. I'm a data scientist and I'm good at my job (proof: employment history, employers haven't wanted me to leave, track record of accomplishments.) I'd rather live elsewhere. 66 data scientist posts on craigslist (obv w/ some duplication, but just a quick count) [1]; jobs that mention machine learning fill search results with > 100 answers [2]. Now check either of the above for telecommute or part time. Zero responses for remote or part time workers. So again, employers want their perfect employee -- skilled at his or her job, wants to move to the valley enough to take a big hit to net life living standards, doesn't have kids, and doesn't want them (cause daycare or a nanny or an SO who doesn't work is all very expensive.) [1] http://sfbay.craigslist.org/search/jjj?zoomToPosting=&catAbb... [2] http://sfbay.craigslist.org/search/jjj?zoomToPosting=&catAbb... to summarize: you've written a handful of latex documents, so you're now an expert on what latex is used for and what people want out of it. would it help to point out that given latex is more difficult to use than word, I'd bet most latex users have tried and discarded word in favor of latex? Would that affect your judgements about the relative use cases? There's people out there that think that the power in typesetting that LaTex has is mutual exclusive with the speed and usability that Word has. That just isn't so. Since, well, nothing else offers similar typesetting plus mathematical notation / flexibility, your proof is... what exactly? If you built a better system, you'd find customers for it. I haven't seen it, and I'm an experienced data scientist, a seemingly high demand specialization. There's plenty of demand, for people who want to live in sf or the peninsula. I'd rather live in Tahoe or slt and work remotely, but nobody offers that to a first approximation (cl data scientist [1]; telecommute [2]). If you want remote ML people, contact me. [1] http://sfbay.craigslist.org/search/jjj?zoomToPosting=&catAbb... [2] http://sfbay.craigslist.org/search/jjj?zoomToPosting=&catAbb... At some point vacation is far more important than salary; two weeks is unworkable. Both my and my SO's families are in other states, so one 3-4 day trip to each family plus 1-2 personal days to take care of typical life stuff and you've blown through 10 vacation days without a vacation for us, since visiting family is nice but not all that relaxing. Also, founders massively overrate the value of the lottery tickets they're dispensing, at least until the bay gets so bubblicious that banks accept options as payment. no, it isn't A strong denial: "Absolutely not" What he wrote (in part): First, let me be clear that Intel doesn’t participate in the NSA programs described in recent news reports. Intel does not participate in anyone’s efforts to decrease security in technology. We don’t provide methods for unauthorized access to our products….we don’t create back doors. if it takes you 44 words to say "Absolutely not" my money is on you lying. caveat: hiring bonus is taxeable, so you can't expect to net 60-65 percent; reimbursed relocation expenses aren't per my understanding so the company has to boost the hiring bonus by 2/3 to get you to where you would be otherwise I wonder if the necessary transmission origin data wasn't recorded? I bet the fbi is right now going through boeing's network trying to figure that out though. Is it bounced through satellites? You'd think a XXX million dollar plane would have a gps beacon or something though, just like atm machines. It would be a miracle if it where hijacked and there's even a chance those people are alive. I'm the son of a parent who died well before I graduated high school. I hate to say it, but $500k isn't nearly enough unless you're in a very low cost of living state. Even if the surviving parent makes a good wage, you will have a surge of childcare expenses. And if the surviving parent wasn't the primary earner that's when you really need the insurance. The thing lots of people don't consider is that you may not die from a car accident where shit just happened. If someone should be unlucky enough to get cancer, you may face several years of illness with not only reduced income or disability pay but an astounding amount of money spent on medical treatment. Just for starters, insurance will not cover eg childcare for young children while parent #1 is sleeping at the hospital while parent #2 is recovering from surgery or chemo or radiation or whatever it may be. From my experiences as the oldest of several kids, $1mm is really the minimum and it's worth a quick talk with an attorney to not only have (1) a will; (2) a written discussion ahead of time of what you want to have happen if you or your SO should ever be severely injured (see eg the Terri Schiavo debacle); (3) a discussion of who you would like to have raise your kids should both parents be injured; (4) tax avoidance strategies should someone die early. These are all unpleasant things. The other thing you may find shocking is how long it takes to get a death certificate issued / the challenges getting access to accounts held only in a single name. Maybe our experiences where unusual but you should not be surprised if it takes 3-6 months to get some of these things sorted. Not to mention the surviving family are usually an emotional wreck. and so it starts when the people who respond with death threats, rape threats, and other sorts of abuse are welcome members of a community, it is indeed that community's fault. A community of actual decent human beings would blacklist people who act in these ways. viz eg weev and Kathy Sierra it's not a threat, it's a progression as a manager, the conversations go like this: 1 - please (do/don't do) X. Hopefully this takes care of things. 2 - I said (do/don't do) X. why the fuck are you (not doing / doing) X. Now I'm unhappy, but again, hopefully this is the end of things and the employee starts doing / not doing X. 3 - (and this is what parent was talking about; I now have an employee refusing to do what I said and not providing good reasons for said refusal.) Now the conversation is: do / don't do X again and you're fired. it isn't a decision, it's laying out consequences. Now, between steps 2 and 3, when I become aware of the doing or not doing X, I'm now moving on to the point where I have to give pretty blunt orders. I'm going to make sure my boss and potentially a peer or two, depending on which teams this employee works for, are aware of the situation and are ok with what will happen; I think that's what michaelt is talking about. There's also, obviously, a query for extenuating circumstances that they are but I am not aware of. And their line manager would have followed up with "if I even hear a rumor of this happening again, you'll be fired for cause". Because such harassment is, per my understanding, illegal, and can create enormous problems for the individual, manager, and company. Not to mention incredibly unethical. I have to say, I'm really disappointed. Unless the allegations are somehow made up -- which seems incredibly unlikely -- this is an enormous lapse from a company I use and admire. Not only did the founders, at least in public appearances, all seem like decent people, but they had one hell of a success story. I also liked their seeming tolerance for remote work and support for people like Julie who tried to make our industry more welcome to women by doing instead of just talking. All in all, I'm really saddened. I've had enough flakers and hagglers that I now post warnings in all ads: 1 - I refuse to hold anything (first person to show up with cash takes it) 2 - no haggling on the spot; I'll turn you down on principle It's a fucking hassle. I buy a new macbook every 12-18 months and craigslist the old one (and the same with phones). I take good care of my hardware and carefully point out any scratches or nicks in the craigslist listing. People still try to knock you down 10% or 20% when they come. from marc's blog: * Throughout the eBay board’s process of divesting Skype, I fully disclosed my potential interest and recused myself from all deliberations on the transaction, including all discussions, negotiations, and decisions. I was uninvolved in eBay’s decision to spin off Skype and in eBay’s decision to choose to partner with the Silver Lake syndicate. * eBay’s retained ownership in the Skype spinoff was 30% vs. Andreessen Horowitz’s approximately 3%. That much larger ownership gave eBay a far bigger role in decision making on Skype after the spinoff than Andreessen Horowitz, as well as a far bigger economic payoff on the sale to Microsoft. http://blog.pmarca.com/2014/03/03/my-statement-on-ebay-director-role-and-governance/ Ebay retained 30%, so we're really arguing over 70% of the gain that didn't go to ebay. And some of it was always going to go back to the founders because Meg Whitman is a fucking moron -- she not only bought a company without buying the backing tech, but then proceeded to fuck over the founders, screwing them on over $1B, who retained ownership over the backing tech. No cause for bad blood there! Leadership! Anyway, it does seem a little sketchy, but on the other hand, marc seems to have acted well within established business practices. that's the only way to look at it; Icahn is a thieving sack of shit. Look at TWA: Icahn got fucking paid no matter whether TWA succeeded or failed. I can maybe see how these leeches ought to get 1/2 billion dollar payouts if they come in and rescue a company, but 0.5B when they ruin a company? Heads I win, tails you lose. their behavior, particularly said behavior's effects on others Yeah, but here's the other side of the coin: I've worked with parents (and shared a boss) who always dumped shitwork off onto the people w/o kids. Last second travel to customers, late nights, bugs that trigger support SLA requirements, emergency fixes, etc. And then, amazingly enough, proceed to whine that they don't get the same raises or promotions. I agree our work environment is hostile to people's personal lives, but when parents use their kids as an excuse to get out of doing their share, instead of advocating for better work life balance for everyone, the reaction of the childless should be completely unsurprising. I just shared the actual evidence -- my experience of several years. Do you have a reading comprehension problem? That's hardly the only example, and I think it's better to say so-called disruptors provide a service preferable to some consumers. Many industries create negative externalities and government regulations force them to internalize some of those costs. Hotels are full of loud, annoying people; we stick them in certain parts of town only. Or many industries are a form of cost pooling. The US decided that we want to have reliable mail delivery. The post office (which does an amazing job as compared to the vast majority of countries) uses the profits from short routes and urban centers to subsidize expensive and/or remote routes. Of course a business would love to come in a cherry pick the profitable routes. We -- rightly -- don't permit that, because we wish to have universal mail delivery and this is how we've chosen to pay for it. Reliable city-wide taxi service is probably similar; I don't know if uber et al are just cherry picking the best / most profitable routes, but I wouldn't be surprised. (And don't get me wrong, I love uber -- at least in sf, it's a taxi that actually comes . Amazing! But still, service guarantees are important, as are flat fares to/from airports, in part to avoid screwing tourists.) And this doesn't even mention tax revenues; I know HN tends towards the glibertarian but the simple fact is if we, as a society, want nice things someone has to pay for them. A (big?) piece of many of these controversial startups' innovation seems to be thinly disguised tax avoidance (amazon, airbnb). I actually think disruption tends to be neutral at best. Cities, especially dense urban living, are a large set of compromises amongst many people, and valley companies often have little respect for that. hmm; if you're such an ai company, i'd love to hear from you so please post =P that seems believable, but it also seems like I'm seeing more and more listings on airbnb who aren't selling an experience; they're just buying or renting properties and generating sales through airbnb. That is, there is no experience; it's just a (much nicer, better managed) alternative to vrbo / homeaway (not that that isn't desperately needed; trying to rent a seasonal ski home in tahoe is just begging for disruption because the experience is generally somewhere between shit and awful). Sorry, but that's nonsensical. 1 - virtually no supposed 5x or 10x programmer makes even 2x more. If people are really 5x, why on earth don't I see $300-$500k salaries? Particularly given the fall in communication costs ala Brooks, it would be an enormous win for employers 2 - at least in the bay area, there would be tons and tons of highly qualified candidates if moving to the bay area wasn't a financial nightmare (cost of living is horrific and the pay doesn't come anywhere close to making up for it); and if buying a decent 3 bedroom home and having kids didn't nearly require winning a startup lottery -- or at least enough for a good downpayment to get to a conforming mortgage. 3 - I'm in my 30s, and in my cohort of developers I know a number (all of them very skilled and in high demand in the bay area) who have moved to the midwest or austin because financially they're so much better off 4 - the majority of complaints about unavailability of developers, particularly in the bay area, are after the fact justifications to (1) cover employers not paying salaries commensurate with the cost of living, and (2) the ability to import (cheaper, more easily controlled) h1b labor 4a - with a side of companies ducking their responsibilities to america, the state they are in, and their communities to help create the employees they need. Now obviously I don't think 1-4 person startups have any such responsibilities, but somewhere between that and google/fb/hp companies have responsibilities to their communities and countries that bay area companies in particular almost completely duck. For example, why isn't facebook or google, in lieu of whinging about difficulty hiring (while illegally restraining wages, ain't that beautiful) running hacker schools themselves? It couldn't be because they'd rather let someone else pay for it and cherry pick the winners (saving money two ways)? You say talent, I say a lack of tolerance for bullshit and asshole driven development (ADD). ADD is the boss who waits until deadlines are nearly here to drop work on you (he said he does it because he thinks last second pressure creates better work. I think it creates unnecessary stress and sloppy work. Quit that job with a quickness). Or perhaps it's just the willingness to stand up and say, "Your bad planning is not my problem". Of course there are real emergencies occasionally but the vast majority of last second panics are completely preventable by competent people. Long hours shouldn't be a regular requirement. I thought I recognized your name; you're the dtrace guy! I know a group of engineers who work on a very high performance (500k ops/second) distributed system running on hundreds of nodes that have an unofficial church of dtrace. It's the debugging tool of choice for when weird shit happens. it's not very obvious when you look at the amount of service specific code, training, and learning for developers and opps that goes into committing to one of these iaas providers google appears to create products via the shit and giggles method, with concomitant level of (non)commitment. it's an incredibly fair question to ask if this doesn't move the needle by becoming a $1B+ business inside a year or two, is Larry going to more wood fewer arrows it out of existence? And what would that do to any company with a couple person-decades of work poured into gce apis and services and internal training also, if larry where smarter he could directly address this, eg: "Come hell or high water I promise google will support this business for a decade" On the off chance you're just uneducated and not a nasty little bigot playing dumb, the marriage right carries a ton of stuff besides a ring and a ceremony and any moral satisfaction the couple may get. The right to see your spouse in the hospital, even (and particularly) if their family doesn't accept that their child is homosexual and attempts to ban a partner. (And this isn't a hypothetical; if you google you'll find just heart wrenching stories.) It eases medical decisions when a gay spouse is badly injured or dying. If there are children, both parents can have the right to care for them and make decisions for them. The right not to testify against your spouse in some legal proceedings. The right to get joint medical insurance. Retirement benefits, which are particularly important when a higher income spouse passes first. And more. See eg http://www.freedomtomarry.org/ edit: and a very important benefit: being treated as a first class citizen, ie one with the right to have your relationship recognized just like straight people have their relationships recognized. tax knocks $31.71/hour to roughly $23/hour in CA, and the majority of people we're discussing don't make nearly $70k/year (31.71 52 40 = 65,956) if you make, say, $20/hour you'll struggle to afford $1k/mo rent plus a reliable car. 20 * 52 * 40 = $41,600/year gross that gets you 2,856.56 / month (no ca tax yet) [1] 2,856.56 * 12 = $34,278/year you pay 1,360.28 + 8% of anything over $39,384 [2], so 1,360.28 + 0.08 * (41600 - 39384) = 1537 so (34278 - 1537)/12 = $2,728/mo You really oughtn't pay more than 1/3 of your income for housing, but since that gets you nothing around here, not even in epa, you're looking at maybe being able to afford $1100/mo in rent. $2200 gets you a pretty basic 2 bed/2 bath in a safe neighborhood in the peninsula (source: I manage an apartment building). Knock off $450 for a dirt cheap car (car + insurance + a bit of savings for maintenance + gas). So $2728 less rent less transportation and you're down to roughly $1178. And our hypothetical employee hasn't eaten, saved money, gone on a date, paid a medical bill, purchased clothes or glasses, or even gotten internet access or a phone. So yeah, pretty much just scraping by. I'd be pretty impressed if someone had $500 left after the above list. [1] http://www.calculator.net/take-home-pay-calculator.html?cann... [2] https://www.ftb.ca.gov/forms/2013_california_tax_rates_and_e... But what foods and in what ratios. That is the central question. Severely obese people already know the answer (put less everything into the hole in the middle of their face). For the rest of us, we have to decide (as above), what to eat and in what ratios, and if we should worry about our LDL and HDL cholesterol scores on our annual bloodwork. Also, I wonder if the science relating those to heart disease is any more sound than the science saying salt is bad (only true for chf / high blood pressure / a few other cases), etc. well, if cholesterol is linked to heart disease, and if that can be effectively reduced via diet, it's probably worth our while to care, especially in your 30s on while you can still affect change stuff like this is why people use the jvm; at this point, it's pretty bulletproof since his duties have to be handed off to three people it makes clear, at minimum after the fact, how much work he was doing depending on what you're doing, awk / sort / uniq / specialized scripts in ruby / sqlite / R provide more details Trying to "explore industry sexism" by attempting to trick these devs into talking shit behind each others' backs is amazing. Particularly combined with the contracts, about which: "another [sic] clause allowed for willful misrepresentation for the sake of drama [...]", this could have ended poorly for a lot of these folks. Let me guess: at least one of those women was going to be a raging bitch and at least one of those guys was going to be a women-hating misogynist bro. At least by the time it hit youtube. Regardless of what they said or whether they had to stitch sentences together ala chef's death on south park. Props to all of them who told the producers to diaf. I don't think I believe, for better or worse, people are capable of that extremely segmenting their lives. Strong disapproval of someone for his or her lifestyle is inevitably going to creep into your interactions with that person. hell, you can get a chinese android phone for $100 -- and that includes the camera and color display, plus all of the rest (battery, storage, wifi, wireless, gps, bluetooth, etc). Anyone who claims adding this to a car costs $100 is ridiculous. What does that have to do with manufacturing a car, or sliding in a prefabbed camera into an area of the car already covered with cabling (brake lights, backup lights, rear door open indicator switch)? backup cameras are already designed into basically every new car there is; right now, it's an option not a requirement That's not all places though -- I've worked at a company with free lunch that was awesome about it. Eat there if you want; if you don't like the food that day or just felt like not eating there then go eat somewhere else. In fact, my work friends and I started doing weekly outside lunches just to get a little more variety and to see some of the restaurants we'd stopped going to when catered lunch began (first world problems...) Certain communities are more sensitive to certain insults. SF, in particular, is home to many gay people; many of them came to this area of the country in particular to escape persecution. Even now coming out to your parents can be quite hard, but you don't have to travel back more than a few years to regularly hear stories of children summarily kicked out of the house, parents never speaking to children again, etc. This is a community that also welcomes, and to a certain extent prizes, nonconformists; or others that have had really shit experiences in grade school, high school, or the cities they grew up in All of which says that the community of which mozilla is a part is particularly sensitive to slights against gay people. This should have been, oh, completely unsurprising. And the ceo is often symbolic in a way that a cto isn't. And in particular, I wouldn't work for firefox while he was ceo. He made a donation specifically intended to maliciously hurt my friends and neighbors. I can't support that. an obvious policy: since CA doesn't have gay marriage, it's optional to offer partners of gay employees health benefits 1 - by their fruits ye shall know them 2 - because i'm not deliberately obtuse or stupid I work on ml code as well. one awesome trick the jit does is in the case of child classes with virtual functions, if there is only one child class used in a run, it can remove the virtual-ness and inline the function used. so, for example, one place you would see this is if you have distributions, and eg class Distribution has a virtual member function like deviance or some such. However, for a given run of your code, you only ever use one distribution. Also say that the loop that uses the deviance is hot enough that you can see the slowdown from the vtable and the function call. The java jit will inline the deviance function for the distribution you use (assuming the method is small enough, which it often is). The only way to get this behavior in c++ is to lift the decision out of the hot loop and generate one function for each distribution. I've done this and seen noticeable performance gains (10-15% on hours/days long runtimes), but it does not make the code nice to work with. Not to mention the two body problem. Dude wants to hire an experienced supervisor; that sounds to me like someone 10+ years into his or her career. That person most likely has a spouse, and maybe kids. The plant is in the middle of nowhere, so there's poor job prospects for the spouse. And a teeny little town often doesn't have the best school districts either. The ad [1] also doesn't mention relocation support, so it's presumably up to the worker to self-finance a $10k or more move. And before anybody complains about the price, have you recently priced a move with a grownup life, including real furniture -- beds, couches, dressers, a lease to be broken or a house to be sold, job search expenses for the spouse, etc. http://www.careerbuilder.com/JobSeeker/Jobs/JobDetails.aspx?... In R, the sql group by operation -- ie take a group of things, split them on an identifier, run a function on each group with a distinct identifier, and collect the results -- is called tapply. tapply has the signature tapply(X, INDEX, FUN, ...). In this case X is the data to be split, INDEX is the identifier, and FUN is the function. There are some limitations, including X must be a vector. a code example: > df df id vals 1 a 10.86507 2 a 10.71303 3 a 11.15321 4 b 10.78187 5 b 10.80042 > # calculate a mean on vals grouped by id > tapply(df$vals, df$id, mean) a b 10.91044 10.79114 > # similarly a median -- both mean and median are built in functions > tapply(df$vals, df$id, median) a b 10.86507 10.79114 > > # now let's build our own function; I'm going to build a function that drops outliers > f = qs[1] & xs tapply(df$vals, df$id, f) a b 10.86507 NaN > > # well, this is just a demo and we ran out of bs, so it got NaN, but you see the idea > > # and plyr > library(plyr) > f2 = qs[1] & dfs$val ddply(df, .(id), f2) id V1 1 a 10.86507 2 b NaN plyr relaxes that limitation, that is, X can be a data frame itself -- which brings the huge benefit that your group by logic can operate over more than one column. The function signature changes, but that's the basic innovation. The first letter indicates what X is, and the second letter indicates the output. Thus ddply runs an enhanced tapply over a data frame input (first d) and collects the output into a data frame (the second d). It also offers a bunch of nice enhancements; it's really a solid bit of work. data.table, otoh, removes some of the speed problems with the built in dataframes. It offers keys/indices for quick lookup. I haven't spent much time with dplyr, but I think it does a couple things: (1) move the plyr code from R to c for performance reasons; it allows you to run plyr operations (with all code written in R) then translates most of that to something that can run in sql against remote dbs (for the obvious reason that plyr/group by produce summary stats, and those can be orders of magnitude smaller than the source data, so pulling that all into R to immediately discard most of it sucks). I love R, and I think that the insight people often overlook for R's success is pretty simple: the easy things are easy. Doing hard things in R can be very hard, but the easy things are easy. Eg loading a csv full of data and running a regression on it are two lines of code that are pretty easy to explain to people: $ R data and if you want to use glm -- logistic regression, etc -- it's a trivial change: model It really allows people to do quite powerful statistical analyses very simply. Note that they built a dsl for specifying regression equations -- and you don't have to bother with bullshit like quoting column column names; quoting requirements are often hard to explain to new computer users. R's other key feature is it includes a full sql-like data manipulation language to manipulate tabular data; it's so good that every other language that does stats copied it. If df is a dataframe, I can issue predicates on the rows before the comma and columns after the comma, eg df[ df$col1 7, 'col4'] that takes my dataframe and subsets it so -- row predicates before the comma -- col1 is less than 3 and col2 is greater than 7 -- and column predicates after the comma -- just returns a new dataframe from the subset with col4 in it. It's incredibly powerful and fast. of course, when it's monsanto pushing it, it's pretty clear whose interests this data collection will serve both so -- would it be reasonable to create a minimal implementation of ssl focused on web browsers and web servers? How much work is it to create such a minimal implementation that is reasonably performant, written by competent devs, well tested, fuzzed, etc? Just because random shit gets thrown into the protocol that doesn't mean it needs to be implemented in my copy of chrome or nginx... ime, it's much harder to write, understand, test, and debug #include soup unfortunately it's licensed gpl2, so no love. which is too bad because I agree. https://github.com/polarssl/polarssl/blob/master/library/ssl... So, a couple things: I wish I had copies of the decisions handy, but the supreme court appears to not believe that quantity is a quality all its own. That is, until quite recently, the amount of surveillance the police or government could pull off was severely limited by personpower: how many employees they where willing to dedicate. Technological considerations, such as the ability to shove a gps tracking device into a car or use mobile phone tower checkins to get a pretty precise idea of where people have been, have considerably changed this, but the supreme court doesn't seem to think that a change in scale means the law should change. So privacy will probably require support from congress, which is unfortunately filled with the stupid, the venal, and people like Difi who doesn't care a wit about surveillance unless and until she is surveilled. Also, people are stupid. I saw somewhere -- again I'm missing a reference -- that fb makes on the order of $20-$40 per US user per year. Given the quantity of employees and infrastructure dedicated to monetization via advertising, you'd think they'd be willing to take that much money in exchange for no advertising and come out ahead. So if the US would agree to pay $25/year, we could have ad-free fb (and a fb executive staff motivated by users' needs, where users == you and me, not advertisers.) Unfortunately, people are stupid, so they will never bite. They will, if they can be bothered to care at all, simultaneously bitch about advertising and privacy while being completely unwilling to pay money for services. I have no solution at all for this, but it makes me sad. I think it was more we where one of the few advanced economies not bombed into the ground. and, ideally, a rigorous test suite; for something that is essentially implementing nested state machines, that probably involves an adversarial state machine aware tester (ie get to state 1; attempt to break; get to state 2, attempt to break, etc), a fuzzer, and a serious unit test suite I get that part of this is a community problem, etc, but a lack of the above on a security product is amazing It's well and fine that Stephen lives very cheaply, but all of this is an attempt to distract from the OpenSSL project's very real issues by wearing a cilice then bitching about it. The fundamental facts are these: openssl contains a large quantity of code that, if I where to check into my company's repo, I would have at best a rough conversation with the cto and at worst I'd get fired. Plus a lack of good tests. These combine to create more than hypothetical problems; we've seen some severe security holes and there's almost certainly more to come. The question that should be discussed is if openssl is, ala sendmail, unsuitable for purpose and, if so, what should it be replaced with. Trying to lay the bill for making your systems secure at the feet of the individual hackers who got into your systems seems wrong. I'm not arguing that what these guys did was legal or good or that they shouldn't be prosecuted, but something about that grates; it's an expense the company (should have) paid beforehand and these guys wouldn't have been able to do what they did. If a system is on the internet, securing it is a cost that has to be born by the retailer. Dear employers: it's expensive to live in the bay area. I think for many people, you can credibly claim sf is as or more expensive than manhattan (particularly once you nearly require a car per couple in order to live an adult life, go grocery shopping, travel to tahoe, go places on weekends, get to the gym in under 50 minutes each way, etc.) Options are fine and all, but they pay neither rent to landlords nor mortgages to bankers. If you don't keep your employees well paid, there will be people whispering in their ears offering another $10 or $20k. > MUNI is good gonna leave that right there as testament to your credibility the smell of fresh-squeezed piss first thing in the morning the slowness (glacial) [1] [2] the expense (very high, in part because of the speed) [2] [3] the poor service intervals the homeless, crazy, and aggro allowed to run all over the bus while the drivers watch the difficulty getting between many parts of the city; it was often faster for me to walk from haight to castro than ride the bus the multiple busses on different lines that come down the same street together in order to maximize time between buses the joke of a "schedule" that muni doesn't even pretend to keep to the man on muni picking body lice off and flicking them at people the homeless woman on muni with her pants down masturbating [1] http://www.nytimes.com/2011/12/30/us/san-francisco-buses-are... [2] http://www.sfweekly.com/2010-04-14/news/the-muni-death-spira... [3] http://www.sfexaminer.com/sanfrancisco/driver-salaries-fueli... never underestimate the value of #1 I think many people agree that's how doubleclick became a $3B acquisition. Doubleclick closed $40m in jun 97 and another $86m in 98. So they (luckily or cannily) raised a ton of money right before the dot com crash, slashed spending, and owe a piece of their success (definitely not all, but a piece) to having the financial reserves to be one of the few companies to weather the crash. do you (or anyone else) know what happens if you do an 83b election then leave the company before 4 years? Also, this doesn't really help post A, particularly if you're getting pretty senior and have a bunch of experience. At my last place, I would have had a $50k bill to do an 83b. I could write that check but goddamn is that a lot of cash to part with. edit: thank you @rosser The best solution I have heard is from Adam D’Angelo at Quora. The idea is to grant options that are exercisable for 10 years from the grant date, which should cover nearly all cases That is an awesome idea, and really classy on Adam's part. The problem with ev calculations is variance (as Michael O, et al, will no doubt forcibly assert.) Employees in the bay area housing market are probably better off taking a lower ev with a corresponding much much lower variance. The problem with back weighted grants (and amazon is famous for this) is that the companies that do it are the ones who ride developers raw and are doing it to attempt to stanch horrific employee turnover. Well, I guess I'm generalizing from the example of amazon, but really, is that the company you want to keep? My take on it as a startup employee is (1) no, (2) hell no, and (3) your company sucks and you are doing this to attempt to lock me in. Also, hell no . right right, but I have to (1) come up with $50k in cash (in my example), and (2) if the job isn't working out, I want the fraction of my initial payment back upon leaving and it isn't clear this happens... And that's why options are (mostly) a scam. If you leave before a liquidity event for any reason (they may not come, they take a long time, life circumstances, poor career growth, employers like to give shitty raises), you're stuck either investing often tens of thousands of dollars into an illiquid investment while paying taxes on it right now, or giving up your options. Sweet deal for employers either way. So when they hand out those option grants they probably get to apply a 50% discount or more to exercise. Not to mention employers often try to avoid even telling employees what fraction of the total company their options represent, and definitely don't care to share their participation multiples. They're often very happy to let you think that in the case if a liquidation event, you get (exit amount) * (your ownership fraction) which just isn't true. @apta: see [1] for a numerical example. You get taxed twice (or three times if someone is stupid) on typical ISOs: 1 - on grant, if the strike is less than the fmv (there are huge tax penalties for this, both for you and your employer, so it oughtn't happen) 2 - on exercise when you convert the option to a stock, on the spread between fmv and strike (but probably amt, depending on the type of option; it's mildly complicated) 3 - on sale of the stock, on the spread between the sale price and your basis [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7611512 and that dollar value is exactly $0.00 -- you can't give in-the-money-options without severe tax consequences [1] http://www.mbbp.com/resources/business/stock_option_pricing.... I've exercised before. Typically, you email hr and say, "I want to exercise"; they send you some paperwork which you fill out; you write the company a check. DO NOT DO THIS BEFORE UNDERSTANDING TAX CONSEQUENCES. You will typically pay tax on the spread between strike (your price per option) and the fair market value (fmv) which is set by the board and often updated quarterly. This can also be a backdoor way of a board tightening those golden handcuffs; if you where early enough the taxes may well exceed the strike price. You should also be able to get the fmv by asking. Keep in mind these shares you're buying may well be completely illiquid and the irs wants their taxes right now anyway. A numerical example: 20k shares with a strike of $0.11; fmv of $0.39. Then I write the company a check for 2e4 x 0.11 = $2200 dollars and report income to the irs of 2e4 x (0.39-0.11) = $5600 (for amt). A nuance is if the company is succeeding, it can be worth it to buy options when they vest; it starts the clock ticking on long term capital gains and can roughly half your tax bill if and when you can actually sell the share. Which reminds me: you will pay taxes twice: once when you exercise the option to turn into a share, and again when you sell the share. If you are lucky enough to go public the company will often get a firm that handles all this for you and just gives you a check net of all taxes. A good accountant will cost $500-ish (or less) to go over your situation in detail. It's worth the money. If you already pay ab accountant, not someone at hr block or similar people who just know how to fill out paperwork, they may go over your situation for much less money. Also, you must understand amt; that can bite hard. If you don't understand amt, see that accountant. After building gui apps in c++/mfc, I tried delphi. It was amazingly productive. The closest thing I can compare it to is going from java/tomcat to rails; that feeling of getting so much actual work done is what makes delphi (and rails) stick. answered in adam's blog; see the paragraph beginning with Everyone does soft-fail Nonsense. Her picture probably opens her up to suit, where she lying about the company. At the bare minimum, any lawyer would tell her to not post demonstrable lies about the company, for many reasons. Not least of which is regardless of the whole truth, in any lawsuit (filed by her, or github, or Tom, or Tom's wife, or other parties), opposition counsel will attempt to discredit your whole testimony by finding small lies and tainting you in the eyes of the jury. boundaries people need them they also help prevent really bad situations being created (quite possibly unintentionally) when there exist power differentials out of curiosity -- by sides are you referring to {github, tom, tom's wife, julie, or ???} or, for a slightly more cynical take: JAH is honest, and github's board decided Tom can't stay. Unfortunately, admitting that exposes them to massive legal liability (starting with the unaddressed allegation from JAH that she was penalized at work because she wouldn't fuck a coworker, and moving on to the options she was forced to give up when she left. Plus penalties. And a hostile work environment.) So this is an excuse from the board and/or ceo to get Tom + wife the hell away from github without admitting guilt. I don't know what to believe, though I'm naturally a cynic. Stuff like this comes up in management training. In the beginning of my career, certainly before I had the cash reserves to easily weather being laid off, I worked for a company that had a 4-month death march. The two nights before the work was due I literally didn't sleep. As an aside, I really can't recommend this; the code I produced was basically nonsensical. And I think I added far more bugs than I removed, but I did get the final blocking bug out (no matter how many every-so-slightly lower priority bugs I added in its stead.) The ceo came in the morning of the final due date and saw me -- wearing the same clothes for nearly 48 hours and utterly sleep deprived -- and made a crack about how I didn't look like I'm been working hard and I should get to work or he'd fire me. Joking about firing people may or may not ever be funny, but definitely stops being funny when the person has the ability to do it. And some managers fail to understand that - your relationships with employees change when you're their supervisor. Similarly, it's really not hard to see how being too close or too friendly with people you supervise can cause all sorts of problems, ranging from letting them get away with things they shouldn't because of the friendship or them sharing things with you that force you, as a boss, to choose between your friendship or what your company requires. I just don't think it's a good idea either way. It's a bummer that it makes workplaces a little more impersonal, but imo it's for the best. I bet it's the reason the military doesn't (from my perspective) seem to encourage enlisted and officers to co-socialize. And I bet you read all 20k words of every tos you agree to? Just because someone shoved a statement they get to email me somewhere in the small novel I'm expected to read -- and your argument is disingenuous because you know damn well nobody reads those things -- doesn't mean I actually, you know, agreed. A recent example: those dbags at ziprecruiter decided that, since I applied to a job at a single company that used them, they should now email me daily lists of jobs I may like. Was that buried in a tos somewhere? Probably. By any reasonable usage of the phrase, though, I in no sense opted in. And it's not my responsibility to find their unsubscribe link and figure out what username/password I used. spam davideos' point, though: email users want and expect so, your claim is the board would have tpm leave while saying, "Our investigation found the allegations to be completely unfounded. On an unrelated note, Tom is leaving to spend more time with his family." That right there is basically an admission of guilt. My (yes, speculation; was the first line not clear enough?) was that Tom + wife did something relatively close to the claim, and therefore Tom needed to leave. This is an excuse for him to leave -- maybe the only one around -- that doesn't open github to further liability. @abalone: one more time: if the board where to say "found nothing" and tom 'quit', it's an admission of guilt. The board instead is saying "found nothing, but oh, here's some minor misconduct so now tom is leaving", ie not an admission of guilt with respect to Julie's allegations. Thus my guess is that Tom leaving over some charity incident is a way to (1) get tom + wife away from github without (2) either explicitly ("yup, Tom did just what she said") or implicitly ("Tom didn't do a damn thing but oh, he just up and left") admitting guilt Nonsense. What would you do if you where the NSA and you've now been repeatedly caught lying, bribing (RSA dual ec), and backdooring (dual ec) security software? At this point, you have a problem: working for the nsa probably taints you in the eyes of many, and nobody (rightly) trust you. But what nation states do have is money and bribery. So you do two things: you attempt to subvert (oh, your brother got busted for dui? We know the judge and can make those charges go away or he can do a dime in state; feeling cooperative now?) developers, and you can do your best to make the code shit and as complex as possible in the hopes that if it's awful enough, somewhere in there is a security issue. Since you can afford to buy as many devs as needed, you can probably find them. I saw the phrase coined on here and unfortunately don't recall the source, but the future of backdoors is probably bugdoors. So Libressl -- rip out shit code, reduce complexity, remove unnecessary algorithms and implementations to further remove complexity -- is the necessary fix. Every option in a program increases net complexity, typically in a factorial manner, and complicates testing. What we need is simple, tested, secure code that handles the minimal use cases for web browsers and web servers. It doesn't need to support dead oses, dead compilers, or the government's wish list of complexity inducing certifications. here's a profile of a 0-day broker [1] I read a few years ago [1] http://www.forbes.com/sites/andygreenberg/2012/03/23/shoppin... only up to a certain seniority level an "investigation" hired investigator finds employer innocent. I'm shocked! look at table 4 in the paper ( available for free here http://www.scribd.com/doc/219732275/99907-w20065 ; pg 35). The authors say, "As a proxy for two-career households, we create an indicator for households where both spouses are employed in a professional or technical occupation." That addresses the dual-income question, though I think it fails to address it adequately. The authors show that intra-state migration fell both for couples both employed and even attempts to break out prof/tech and college degree requiring employment. Nonetheless, the base year is 1981-89, and I think (even attempting to call it technical employment) that this is possibly long enough ago -- at least 25 years -- that the nature of women's employment has changed. Perhaps the nature of work of secretaries is more homogenous, less value-adding, or easier to find as compared to senior engineering leads? So as women became more the latter than the former, perhaps this doesn't control. To the authors' point, though, this isn't a big enough fraction of the population to skew their results. That is, while the situation may well suck for dual-earner professional households, there aren't that many. what is your company? am looking for remote data scientist position well, in the case of the glibertarians, because Ron Paul, one of the so-called leading lights, explicitly advocates for ending the fda. Reporter: So in that particular case would the reasonable alternative being no FDA? Ron Paul: I think so because, I don't think, I think they've done more harm than good because sometimes it might take them 25 years to allow a good drug to come onto the marketplace and the rules and regulations inhibits the options of the physician to use drugs for anything other than not approved by the FDA, which means it slows up research and the cost goes up and then when it's approved by the FDA, guess what happens? If you're on the inside track of that- I'm the FDA- today I approve this drug, tomorrow, their drug company's value, their stock goes up fifty fold. Just because a bureaucrat made this decision. So, it's a protection of the corporation is basically what it is. People weren't dying from bad drugs before we had the FDA. I mean, it just didn't happen. There'd be other agencies that would do this. There'd be no reason to assume that all of a sudden, the drug companies have it in their interest to give you a bad drug. http://www.naturalnews.com/035519_Ron_Paul_FDA_Big_Pharma.ht... you forgot being lectured about taking risks (or wasting my life on making better advertising) by assholes who've already made theirs and never have to worry about how they're ever going to afford to buy in the bay area, raise a family, pay for college, etc. It's easy to take a risk on a job when you don't need the money... I find it weird that a person so concerned w/ her privacy would work for Acxiom; did she ever mention how she squared that? yet another outcome of the War-On-Drugs (as used by some people; results may vary by skin color and whether a corporation sold you the drug or if it came from columbia) well, it depends I in general agree with you. However, if, while employed at company A, I worked for company B (particularly during working hours for A or partially in lieu of working for A), I can't say I'd be surprised if A had a problem with this arrangement. And while gaming and VR aren't exactly the same field, they're pretty damn close. add to that some butthurt that carmack left id, massively decreasing the value of zenimax' investment Before joining my current company, I got permission in writing to continue to work and contribute to an open source ml project that doesn't necessarily overlap with the company but is close. I think you're relying on the noise distribution for sampling to remove it, no? your comments are, bluntly, massively entitled. One of the open source tradeoffs is that they often come with slightly more install/configuration work; in trade for usage freedom, the ability to modify the source, and of course, zero required cash outlay. I share ml code on cran because I wrote it and I'm happy to have other people use it; that doesn't come with a requirement for me to spend more than zero time helping them do so and when I do, it's because I happen to feel like it. Telling me you're doing something interesting (to me!) will often help interest me in helping you. The massive wave of demanding users that want hand holding typically don't even get a reply from me. You aren't entitled to my time for free. Deal. said the user unsatisfied with something for nothing and now demanding personal support! a bargain (for you) and ps -- just so we're clear, the package I've contributed includes the mandatory per-user function help (each with runnable code examples), plus a 10+ page vignette discussing common usage, implemented inference algorithms, and parameter setting suggestions. The vast majority of email I get starts with the implicit sentence [I'm a lazy prick who can't be arsed to read any of the docs, runnable code examples, or surrounding discussion. So if you could answer questions from someone who couldn't do the briefest amount of research that would be fabulous.] Those emails are closely followed in quantity by the emails best summarized as "I'm gonna be super vague here but something didn't work. I neither wish to share the exact invocation of your package nor data, and certainly neither of those without prompting, but something didn't meet my unknown expectations and I want you to fix it now!" it's an awesome tool I use dozens of times a day, so thank you spotify made it work: their desktop client is a p2p network When people type "[port|yum|apt-get|R CMD] install blah" it's not obvious that often unpaid people have spent significant time and effort making, enhancing, and porting the software that magically shows up. I'm old enough to remember when netscape cost $60 and eudora cost $90 or so for an email client, and you where even supposed to pay for winsock to connect to tcp networks. People now seems to assume that software should be fully featured, included, and free. I do know that I think open source often fails to produce good software for this reason; when unpaid efforts compete with job, consulting, SO, kids, sports, recreation, etc for time it's inevitable they will often be a lower priority; I wish I knew some way to help people get paid and change that. Judd is deeply stupid. So… greedy companies “might” restrict us from things, or they “might” prioritize content delivery to the highest payer. in the sense that they are (to also use stupid quotes) "already" doing "just that" Further: One problem with the diagram above is that our homes are not connected to just one big ISP. The FCC’s own data shows that as of June 2008, 98 percent of zip codes have at least 2 broadband providers, and 88% of zip codes have at least 4 broadband providers oh, wow, two (maybe four) isps! Ignoring, of course, that for most of us there are only two (cable + telephone) and everyone else has to pay to run on those wires. And for many, telephone line delivered internet is very slow, so now we're down to one actual isp. And comcast costs $65/mo where I live for just internet. And they're looking at neflix and google and all those other internet businesses and chomping at the bit to steal some money from them. Also, weirdly enough, my internet bill keeps going up but the speed doesn't. Feel the competition! Not at all. dsl speed strongly varies based on distance from who-knows-what; all I know is that it tops out at 1.5MB/368K where I live in the peninsula (in Belmont, CA -- between the valley and sf for people not from the area). You say callous, I say realistic about the prospect of selling things to people using 10 year old hardware. If you aren't my customer, and most likely aren't going to become my customer, I choose not to expend (often lots of) extra work to support you. time machine in the event of a theft, I can walk into an apple store, purchase an in stock macbook, let time machine recover for ~30 minutes, and get back to work edit: just to be clear, I bet the vast majority of users will, even after this 24+ hours, experience less net downtime. Nonetheless, when I need to hit a deadline, with installed software, I have a viable plan b. The viable plan b here appears to be to grovel before clients whose deadlines you've blown... Underemployment doesn't just come from inappropriate people going to college. I don't have the graphs in front of me, but if you look at jobs as a whole we have a mediocre recovery from the great recession but if you look at the types of jobs it's horrid. That is, white collar jobs where lost and service jobs where gained. So it's more than just people's perceptions. This is compounded by the republican ideology of transferring risks from the state to the individual. My alma mater cost $3.2k/year in tuition in the late 90s, and now costs $9.4k/year (numbers not inflation adjusted). According to the cpi inflation calculator, tuition has roughly doubled [1]. But that's not all -- course loads are now heavy enough that it can be very difficult to get required classes when needed, and because of sequencing requirements for your major classes it's very easy to accidentally get stuck for an extra 1-2 semesters because you couldn't get the course you needed because of reduced course offerings. Assuming you spend $10/year for books + living expenses, leaving college with ~$40k in debt is significant. [1] http://www.bls.gov/data/inflation_calculator.htm Perhaps it's evidence that -- at least at many companies I've worked for -- time in office is used as a proxy for productivity. And in some it matters more! fta, what does this mean? Bonobos is going to sell in-store or on someone else's site? We’re on the record as saying that we’ve raised the last capital we need to get to profitability. The irony is a big part of how we’re getting there is by exiting standalone e-commerce. another mac user with the same problem. I've had 7 macbooks pros on various oses since 10.5 and osx is the first OS I ever just came to trust to run updates. But now, 10.9.x is a piece of shit. It hardlocks all the time (2-3 times a week), seemingly around external displays. I'm really feeling burned at this point. These 6-7 locks in the past 3 weeks since I got a new laptop are probably 50% of my macos crashes since 2007. It's really really disappointing, and is making me question why the hell I pay this much money for a laptop. Apple needs to pull their thumb out of their ass and fix their fucking os. This [1] seems to have helped a little bit, but seriously, fuck apple. I'm hunting for a way to downgrade my laptop to 10.8 Edit: to be clear, the really appalling bit here is how frequently these locks occur. This isn't a subtle bug; it's a symptom of apple being asshole cowboys. Given the frequency of these crashes, I believe it's impossible they used their laptop with an external monitor at all or their devs would have hit these too. [1] https://discussions.apple.com/thread/5538012?start=0&tstart=... I don't want to rain on anybody's parade, but before starting a serious deadlifting / squat / snatch / jerk routine, please please go to a trainer. You need instruction for correct form. The aforementioned exercises will work very well for you, but if performed incorrectly they can permanently injure your back. If money is a concern, there are often private trainers (I can give references in sf) not associated with a gym that are very affordable -- eg $65/hour in sf, much less expensive elsewhere. NB: a good trainer can, at minimum, perform those exercises for reps with more than bodyweight. Many gyms -- 24 hour fitness and crunch come to mind -- employ "trainers" who appear to hopefully have read a book but are wildly unprepared to train others in exercises that can destroy body parts if performed incorrectly. As someone who started lifting a year ago: you don't know what you're talking about, but don't let that stop you from giving others advice that could hurt them. For the rest of people interested in getting strong: get a competent trainer (one easy evaluation metric is, as I mentioned, their deadlift maxes; greater than 500 pounds makes avoiding injury w/o good form very unlikely; or participation in powerlifting events; etc). Speculating on the attractiveness of the Elliot Rodger's sister, particularly in the context of Elliot's hatred and disgust towards women that he goes on about at length in this very document, leaves me struggling to describe how utterly disgusting a person I find Mahbod. Even if this was a tasteless attempt at humor someone who isn't a piece of shit would see how wildly and utterly inappropriate that was. Not only not funny, but in the context of Elliot's misogyny just disgusting. I'd hope that Mahbod would take some time for reflection, both on how to act like a decent human being and whether he thinks of women as fellow human beings. For us, this is yet another startup exec who most likely has a serious problem with women. I would expect even the btards to not behave like that. Edit: there is a sorority full of women who where targeted by Elliot and are lucky to be alive today because they didn't answer their thick door when he attempted to get in [1]. Elliot Rodger pounded on the sorority house front door while, inside, the young women he yearned to slaughter were preparing for another Friday night, authorities said. The awkward 22-year-old was obsessed with exacting "retribution" for what he experienced as a lifetime of social and sexual isolation, and had planned meticulously to target as many people as possible, according to a manifesto he left behind and a YouTube video since removed. But here again, he was denied access to those he felt should worship him. So when no one answered after several minutes, Rodger improvised. [1] http://www.cbsnews.com/news/thwarted-in-his-plan-california-... smells like bullshit 20k "jobs" / mo gives 240k jobs / year putting them in the top 20 largest private employers in the us [1] with just one year's claimed growth edit: there may well have been a month where, for sufficiently lax definitions of "created" and "job" it is indeed true that "20,000 JOBS CREATED ON THE UBER PLATFORM EVERY MONTH" but I'm highly skeptical this claim is close to true in anything but the most generous sense edit2: to their credit, they reported median income and not mean [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_employers_in_th... You'll note this is the privacy that Eric Schmidt already enjoys, or at least believes he should enjoy, whether it's using lawyers to get one his many mistresses' blog yanked from the internet [1], or when he tried to get his political donations pulled from google search: Mr. Schmidt, Google’s outspoken chief who will be replaced by Mr. Page on Monday, has made public gaffes when speaking about privacy. Mr. Levy reveals that he has made gaffes inside the company, too. Mr. Schmidt asked that Google remove from the search engine information about a political donation he had made. Sheryl Sandberg, a Google executive who is now Facebook’s chief operating officer, told him that was unacceptable. [2] And of course, there is always his infamous suggestion that people should change their name when they turn eighteen, in part to avoid google reporting every dumb thing they did as a child. It's hard to say whether he's a sociopath or an entitled asshole, so I suggest compromise: he's an entitled sociopathic asshole. [1] http://gawker.com/5477611/googles-ceo-demanded-his-mistress-... [2] http://www.nytimes.com/2011/04/01/business/01author.html?_r=... in the sense that it is utterly wrong, I suppose so... in reality, openssl appears to be a $1mm+/year for-profit fips consulting business [1] that appears to not care much about security, letting serious security issues sit in their bug tracker for years on end [1] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnBbhXBDmwU#t=559 Her mother was right. Maybe weak students should -- like in CA -- go to a two year college that is a stepping stone between high school and college, with more oversight and structure; finish their gen eds; and transfer. The diploma says the same thing after 4 years. And to be clear, it's not like Vanessa is a good student. fta: a month into the school year, Vanessa stumbled. She failed her first test in statistics, a prerequisite for admission to the nursing program. She was surprised at how bad it felt. Failure was not an experience she was used to. At Mesquite High, she never had to study for math tests; she aced them all without really trying. (Her senior-year G.P.A. was 3.50, placing her 39th out of 559 students in her graduating class. She got a 22 on the ACT, the equivalent of about a 1,030 on the SAT — not stellar, but above average.) So basically, she only got a 3.5 in hs, and never learned math particularly well. It's not exactly a surprise she struggles at a good university. Jimmy Wales and all these other people decrying the decision are incredibly stupid. The central question, which they never address, is whether a massive change of ease of discovery of information is a quantitative or a qualitative change. Much of this information was always available -- eg for minor criminal history, if you had the resources to go county by county and check. Pretending that it's somehow inherently true or obvious that when a 2 second effort on google unearths the same information that the same rules should apply is simply stupid. There's a real debate we should have about what information should be available, about whom, for how long, with what expirations, etc, and Jimmy and Eric Schmidt and the founders of google aren't obviously right. Also, we should just in general be wary of rich assholes; all those people won't suffer consequences whereas plenty of non rich people do suffer consequences. Also, saying that a very powerful privacy tool that forces google to forget certain information makes it hard to make "real progress on privacy issues" makes one wonder what exactly he thinks privacy is. And you can see below that he deliberately conflates freedom of speech -- which individuals will continue to enjoy -- with the instant and easy availability of all information (as commercially selected by Google, etc). And again, fta, we see that Jimmy is another rich asshole -- just like Eric Schmidt -- that thinks he should have privacy, but you shouldn't: Back in 2005, Wales admitted to editing his own Wikipedia bio — a practice frowned upon by the site. And, it must be said, a little eyebrow-raising given his outspoken views on the imperative of free speech online. *Wales passed up on the opportunity to explain how his own views about personal revisionist history might have evolved since 2005*. But he did agree to answer our other questions about the committee’s role and his personal views on the ECJ ruling. [bolding added] just like eric Schmidt, who tried to get google to delete information and has used his lawyers and billions of dollars of wealth to force at least one former mistress' blog offline. [1] [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7820978 it's a simple test: if data companies collect where clearly explained to the user, would the user approve or not? "By entering this store, we will permanently record your location every 60 seconds. The main purpose of said data collection is attempting to stitch your actions on the internet to store visits to more effectively sell advertising. Further, we will sell this data to many companies, most of whom we don't directly interact with. Our privacy 'policy' will most likely never be audited, and the worst possible outcome of violations is a fine in the low millions of dollars. We will hand this information over to police and lawyers if they clear the high bar of, well, asking for it. The nsa doesn't bother asking." What do you think people would choose? yeah, "special" people at my work did this. Along with installing / automatically starting elasticsearch on every ami so that every box could be rooted, not just the search cluster. And putting the fucking admin pam on the boxes instead of learning about agent forwarding. And not securing processes in any way -- why would you use chroot or docker, that would throw up obstacles in front of the nice chinese people who want to use your ec2 boxes. it was a very long week. Alternatively, advertisers (and publishers) could insist on more and more intrusive or unavoidable advertising. Even now, you could pretty reliably detect ad blocking; many sites don't but some do (eg fark). You could simply block users that don't view ads. Or use interstitials exclusively. And if some users complain, well, who cares? It's not like people who skip ads earn you any money, so in a very real sense, they don't matter at all. I think this will lead to a web experience that I like less and less. I'm willing to pay money to not have to endure advertising but I'm very much in the minority. As blue_beetle said: "If you are not paying for it, you’re not the customer; you’re the product being sold." or both. either way, a web experience I like less and less... As mentioned in the article, rack stare [1] is in the app store. So masturbation bad, sexual harassment good? [1] https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/rack-stare/id385786751?mt=8 Or, at least in CA, teachers leave because they grow up and need a real job; one that might pay them enough to afford to live in the communities they work in. If you'd like to live in the valley and teach, you better marry well. You can see some of the salaries here [1]; $71k for Belmont means give up any dream of owning a home. [1] http://belmont-ca.patch.com/groups/schools/p/comparing-the-s... It kind of is hard to see much value in Uber outside of SF which has abominably bad taxi service. I'm not sure about network effects, but adding the lyft app to your phone costs $0. And for similar price and convenience most customers probably are willing to use competitors, so I'm not sure uber isn't a commodity or how it gets pricing power. Consider nyc; even if uber is the only competitor left standing, yellow cabs aren't hard to get. I'm sure they'll adopt similar ios/android hailing apps, so what then is the value of uber? I just got in an accident today, and that was one of the first things geico asked. "Where you using your vehicle for work?" I can't but imagine that's because geico may not have to pay if I had been. edit: I just checked my geico policy information. They're already on it, as of my may 2014 policy renewal: 14. Personal vehicle sharing program means a business, organization, network or group facilitating the sharing of private passenger vehicles for use by individuals or businesses. [...] 18. There is no coverage under this Section for any person or organization while any motor vehicle is operated, maintained or used as part of personal vehicle sharing facilitated by a personal vehicle sharing program. hey pistle, quote doesn't work on hn what does, on a mac, is pbpaste | fold -s -w 77 | sed "s/^/ /" | pbcopy that's 3 spaces in the sed command do you live in nyc? rush hour is when it's hard to get a cab in manhattan. and while the effectiveness can vary, calling 311 in the backseat if the driver refuses to deliver was effective in my one experience Google offered perhaps $4B for hulu, predicated on long term, and perhaps exclusive, licensing [1] (this doesn't mention a price; I seem to remember reading it at the time but can't find a link). The content owners said no, which gives away the whole game -- wait a couple years, then take the screws to the owners for licensing deals. [1] http://allthingsd.com/20110906/google-goes-big-with-its-hulu... An observation: you all are quick to demand other folks do work for you. wow, do you get paid for this drivel? What airbnb "disrupted" is the idea that corporations should pay the taxes they are liable for, obey zoning laws, and respect their neighbors. There is relatively limited innovation once you get past tax dodging: vrbo, homeaway, et al, existed long before airbnb. And in what sense is consuming ride-sharing any different than paying a taxi? Unless you help drive when you're in the backseat of an uber vehicle, you're just as passive as you would be in the back seat of a taxi. Finally, plenty of people published stuff before the internet -- zines for starters, small newspapers, etc. it's your claim -- that youtube won't take down videos within their TOS in order to blackmail rights owners -- so don't roll in here, make the claim, then demand people provide evidence to the contrary oh, and given their well documented behavior with regards to handing large rights holders the ability to take down videos because of music without issuing DMCAs and with no review from youtube, not hard to believe [1] [2]. (See how I made a claim and I substantiated it?) [1] https://www.eff.org/issues/intellectual-property/guide-to-yo... [2] http://gizmodo.com/5932089/nasas-official-rover-landing-vide... If you or anyone else has any insights: why not airgap energy grid electronics? Companies should two networks, and never let them talk to each other, except perhaps under very controlled and secure conditions. It seems like that would alleviate huge chunks of the security concerns. Now obviously people with physical access could get around that, but if you have physical access, you mostly own computers anyway. And in the meantime, their child (like my niece) might have clicked her way through $300+ of scummy iap that my sister didn't realize was hooked up to her credit card. People who facilitate kids spending money without their parents permission are not good people, even though the parents have the duty to supervise children. To take this to it's logical conclusion, it's the same reason that -- though parents are legally required to supervise kids -- we also put fences around attractive nuisances like pools, and throw pool owners in prison if they don't. My generation did not have the ability to spend $300 on my parents' credit cards by pressing buttons on my walkman in exchange for prettier outfits for my fake characters. did you even pay attention to why nyc taxi drivers didn't want customers to pay via credit cards? Because the answer was basically the company owners where taking a bigger cut and paying them at the end of the month instead of immediately (plus probable tax avoidance) ime non-vm servers are an enormous win over ec2, and probably vms in general. A previous employer moved a large data processing pipeline from ec2 to softlayer; we saw costs fall from ~$100k/mo to high $40k/mo while tripling the throughput for roughly a 6x perf boost. The one area that this announcement doesn't address, however, is contended networking. Rack local servers with a 2G (or ideally 10G) full port-to-port simultaneous switch did amazing things for our app's performance. When you're looking at whole-app performance, you're sensitive to contention on all of cpu, io, and networking. Hadoop is particularly sensitive to contended i/o, but secondarily sensitive to networking. edit: s/big data/large data/ -- people who say bigdata are tools And you can probably rack that for order $11k oh awesome; did I miss that in the article? Reading is hard... That's happened to me too. My response is "I don't" and then I shut up. To overgeneralize, though not by much, SF startups suck ass at recruiting; the standard assumption is the whole world is chomping at the bit to work there, and it's a privilege to do so. (Though I do wonder how they get that worldview to comport with endless bitching about the lack of engineers.) And you hit the nail on the head with the lack of consideration of recruitees' time. Take linkedin. I interviewed there a couple years ago when I was living in sf. They wanted me to come in 10 - 3, so basically an entire day of vacation (read ~$300-$400 I won't get paid out when I quit.) So I had a nontrivial amount of skin in the game. I also had to borrow a car to drive there, since I didn't own one. The interviews went really well, and they where pushy about continuing -- I was privileged to be able to come in a second day between 10 and 1, ie a second 1/2 day of vacation and go rent a car again! Fuck that; I bounced. But no doubt they're telling congress they just can't hire locally and need more h1b allotment. I was about to say "omg yes" -- as someone who writes piles of java code, this is a constant pain. However, look at the other tools: I run python out of a virtualenv. I use rvm to run multiple rubys, and that shit breaks all the time for me. (Or rather, I use it infrequently enough that I never learn it well enough; I use it for the first time again every 2-3 months). That said, java is a special bit of shit. Those shell scripts are really complex. Most java shops have had problems with classpaths exceeding the 32k limit in shells! And java is yet another language where the morons who run it refuse to sand off some of the really sharp edges most likely because their heads are in their asses. To give two really simple examples: 1 - why the fuck can't I import a directory full of jars? eg --classpath ./lib/jars/* or better yet, recursively descend --classpath ./lib/jars/** For personal projects I often use ant just to manage the classpath. 2 - a nullsafe repeated dereference operator, like groovy. If I'm pulling out a.b.c.d out of a nested object, in real code, I have to say if String address = null; if (a != null) if (a.b != null) if(a.b.c != null) if(a.b.c.d != null) address = a.b.c.d.address; return address; // vs groovy String address = a?.b?.c?.d?.address; this is the sort of minor irritant that you have to deal with all day long with deep class hierarchies, and there's some really low hanging fruit to instantly make my life better. sigh. And for java, the combination of ant, maven, ivy, etc, are a special set of hell. eh, you're quite right; it's the recursive I really need. oops. fta: Subdirectories are not searched recursively. our solution has typically been to unjar all the libs and turn everything into a single giant jar, though this often leads to 100+M jars. I find that quite wordy, but thank you So, for people who aren't tea-party morons, here's what actually happened: The irs keeps 6 months of emails on tape; when investigators asked for emails in mid-2013, tape was available through late 2012. Lerner's computer crashed in mid-2011, and there is contemporaneous documentation of this crash. 2011 in the future . Some emails have been recovered the obvious way -- by querying the other parties. one of many (nonmoronic) sources: http://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2014/06/yet-another-ir... I think people underrate how much this benefits apple. While I'm sure there are people with different experiences, apple in general, and in my experience, don't sell shit products and stand behind what they sell. With a full motherboard changeout available at a local apple store if necessary. Contrast to hp: we had a hp laptop w/ a next business day in-home warranty that nonetheless spent a week or more in hp's repair shops on two occasions. I've also gotten new power bricks outside of warranty basically by asking nicely at the local apple store. It may be because I do spend a lot of money on apple gear, but I used to do that w/ dell and dell never gave a shit. The brand I'm most surprised about is sears. They used to make great appliances and stand behind them until the private equity thieves fucked that all up. My partner runs a medium-sized apartment building; the owner is happy to pay for quality, and if sears cost less on the 10-15 year time frame they'd buy it. But sears is the same cheap crap, so they just buy whatever is close to cheapest at home depot. When brands throw away their brand name and turn into the same cheap shit, you can't blame consumers for shopping just on price. Are you aware that if you live in a city, you can vote? If a city where to impose 30% sales tax, I can't imagine any supporter on the council or whatever form of local government that city has would last past the next election. People would also be checking local laws for recall elections as well. ps -- and if you can't be arsed to vote, then don't bitch about the results Why are these taxes ridiculous, unless you don't support the idea of taxation at all? Lots of economic activity gets taxed, and fundamentally, if we want to have nice things (roads, utilities, public education, police, court system, etc) someone has to pay for them . It's more than reasonable to want businesses -- which use many of the above, and crucially rely on eg good public schools to get parents to live and work near the business -- to chip in. That said, saying a 3.6% tax makes a software business uneconomical is pretty silly. If that makes the difference between profitability and unprofitability either the business was mostly investing profits internally into growth or was nearly uneconomical anyway. It mostly sounds to me like bitching that the owners may have to settle for Hawaii instead of St Barts this year. in your case, the right answer is, "k, good luck with that" I get the low level carders (or whatever you call them -- the folks buying card data and attempting to steal goods with it). If you're stealing $500 worth of gift cards at a time, it's not like you have many life alternatives. But somewhere there's a series of folks that (1) engineered a symantec breach; (2) someone else either knew #1 or figured out how to get their hands on source; (3) security audited said source; (4) scanned the internet to find vulnerable servers; (5) pulled cards off those servers, and (6) sold them. It seems like there's more than enough technical knowhow here that these folks should be able to get software or security jobs, no? It doesn't seem like the card thieves make so much money that the reward / federal pound-me-in-the-ass prison ratio skews far enough. And the more I read krebs, the more I think I should get a $2k limit credit card and use it for all purchases that aren't on amazon. Carlos sounds like a wanker who spends too much time reading trust fund assholes on gawker bitch (and lie! Hi Sam) about startups. Way over here in reality: I've worked for 6 startups, some you've heard of, and some you haven't. At the smallest I was employee 6; at the largest ~60. Now, I'm not claiming I've never seen unprofessional behavior, but 1 - the interview process has been pretty obvious. Yes, I've grabbed dinner with founders at one company. What the hell do you think eating dinner with two people you just met to discuss their company is, exactly? 2 - In 6 startups, I've never gone drinking with the team before starting, nor do I know of anyone who has. None of my friends from those startups who are on im right now has either. 3 - At one startup, some engineers went to strip clubs. Not my thing. No known ill effects. 4 - I don't go drinking with coworkers except maybe once every three months. And drinking means 1-2 beers then out; it's been probably 3 years since I spent a whole night drinking with coworkers. No known ill effects. 5 - perhaps some people should leave sf and see the peninsula and valley. There's a whole world of startups here that have 30+ year old employees, some with kids. At many of these adult companies it's fine to come in around 9, bust ass, and walk out the door at 5:30. If you don't fuck around with pingpong and scooters all goddamn day, you'll find you don't have to spend 12 hours in the office to get your job done. Me personally: no fucking scooters, no ping pong. No known ill effects. 6 - I do wonder if Carlos would complain similarly if an employee came to an interview severely underdressed and the company held it against him or her. Probably not. So learning not to wear a 3-piece suit to a startup interview is just part of the gig. Do, oh, 60 minutes of reading on the internet and you'll probably be fine. Hell, email your damn recruiter and ask . He or she really wants you to get that job. 7 - For ultra-small startups, recruiting from social circles is just part of the deal. I imagine very few tiny companies really hire randoms off the internet, or whatever people did before craigslist and dice. 8 - whining about white and asian males is fine, but how on earth did he miss indian males? Has he ever seen the valley? 9 - on a serious note, it's really weird how startup demographics mirror cs degree demographics. 10 - and while I do strongly believe we should make the industry more inclusive -- holding tiny startups responsible for not creating a recruiting pipeline back to high school is ridiculous. I'm not sure where social responsibilities kick in; it's some gradient between the 1 person company and the $10B corp. But the small startups don't have the resources to do much about it. even if they don't, they seem like they have enough technical chops that said jobs would find them... are you from the UK? In the US, colloquially, asian == japan, korea, china, vietnam, cambodia, laos and indian = people from india. Or perhaps you would call them south-east asian? But you would never call a person from india as asian. sorry, right, south-asian. I'm tired. And also american, and therefore know nothing about geography =P Do note that I mentioned 6 companies in which I have personal knowledge, while this article only mentions 42 floors (ie I presented 500% more actual examples than the author). Even if you where to believe all 7 companies the author has worked at -- counting the mugs on the about page -- are such bad startups, we still have nearly equal datasets. And that's not counting other startups I know about because friends are founders. So yes, this hasn't happened to me, and I presented much more or, at bare minimum, the same actual data points. This is interesting. I screen a lot of ML researchers and engineers. The process typically starts with a 30-90 minute phone screen (it ends faster if I don't like you). I start by discussing the company and the position, in as much depth as the candidate wants. Then we discuss one project of the candidate's in depth, both for some technical expertise but also to suss out what the candidate, as opposed to a team, actually did. Good candidates should be able to discuss what the project did, why, implementation, challenges, problems overcome, tools used, etc. Then we do a quick survey of general ML technologies; we're hiring senior people so they should have a pretty good breadth of experiences. So they should know their way around regression, trees, forests, boosting, svm, linear algebra techniques, plus optimization tricks for all of the above. It's ok if a candidate hasn't used any one specific thing, but they should have a rough knowledge of which tool to use when, plusses and minuses of tools, and the typical ways one improves results (hold-out testing, k-folds, l1 and l2 penalties, etc etc.) If you've actually used most of these tools you should easily pass the phone screen. Then we bring people in or fly them out. Here, we go more into depth in several tools. You should know the math and the practical use of several ml techniques really well. We'll also make sure you can write enough code that you don't have to be handheld. That is, you need to be able to do some data processing and string together data pipelines to get your work done. common resume failings include (NB: this is for an ML engineer / data scientist): * (very common) no academic prep and no demonstrable experience. ie a potential junior person applying for a senior position. If he or she has no degree but spent 4 years at netflix or somewhere good, we'll definitely at minimum talk on the phone. Demonstrable experience definitely means education barely matters. * you live abroad, thus requiring sponsorship and a move, and aren't a really strong candidate * (surprisingly common) you spammed all our different jobs, making us believe you just want a job, any job, and paid no attention to what we're looking for Common failings from a phone screen or interview include: * (weird, but happens) don't make the agreed upon phone screen time without an email before (or even an email after, if an emergency occurred) * (really weird, but happens) you have no idea what the company does. I'm looking for you to have spent at least 5 minutes reading our site and have a 1 sentence summary of what the company does. If you haven't done even that much research, why on earth is the candidate applying to us? A perfectly fine example would be, for example, if I worked at google: You build a search engine and you want ML people to improve search results. At, say, square, a great response would be "you're handling monetary transactions and therefore have fraud problems from card holders and probably want to build risk management tools to protect yourself from bad merchants." I find it really weird many people don't even know that much. This isn't an instant fail, but it's a negative sign. * he or she wasted his or her phd. They may (or may not) have a very deep understanding of one tiny piece, but lack a decent understanding of the breadth of the field. We need breadth. And yes, they may be able to learn, but the question is then what the hell did they spend a 6 year phd learning? Also, we're hiring senior people. And again, anyone with a good ms in ml should do fine (not just a theory; we've hired them from stanford and ga tech). * They don't know deeply at least one or two techniques and tools. Whether its hadoop, vowpal wabbit, R, sklearn, weka, whatever, you should have become an expert in at least one tool and know it inside and out. * (very common) an inability to program enough. Obviously most ml people aren't engineers, but they have to be able to do data processing, data cleaning, run ml tools, build their own ml tools if necessary, etc. Senior people in yahoo or google's research labs may not need to program, but for us you do. * (somewhat common) bad communication skills. We speak english; you need to be able to speak reasonably clear english so that we can discuss technical topics clearly. How people can finish a long stretch in an american university without this escapes me. And to be clear, about 1/2 the employees here are foreign born, so we're pretty good with different accents and the typical indian and chinese esl idiosyncrasies. The last thing I can say about job seekers is we're talking because I have a problem. That is, I really want you to succeed if there's a good chance this will work. but doesn't the low p/e indicate most growth is already priced out of apple? as of today (numbers from yahoo finance): tick p/e amzn 506 fb 87.6 goog 30.25 csco 16.67 intc 16.55 hp 16.29 msft 15.83 appl 15.4 ibm 12.4 twtr n/a ( Oh, we do hire junior people as well; it's just that you need at least a core of senior folks. we use pyramid You should check out this [1] titled "The most remarkable graph in the history of sport" to get an idea of just how much of an outlier Bradman is. Read the whole thing, it's brief, but a quick excerpt: To understand how Bradman’s 99.94 average compares with other batsmen, consider that a typical topflight batsman has an average in the range 45 to 55. Batsmen with averages above 55 are once-in-a-generation phenomena who dominate the entire game. After Bradman, the second highest average in history [2] belongs to South African Graeme Pollock, with 60.97, and the third highest to West Indian George Headley, with 60.83. [1] http://michaelnielsen.org/blog/the-most-remarkable-graph-in-... Besides the obvious inequality, and unlike Messi, ceos rig the game. If the company performs incredibly well, they receive dynastic levels of wealth. If they completely fuck up... they receive dynastic levels of wealth. If they're essentially fired for cause after 5 months ... they receive enough wealth to retire ($7.3m for 130 days including weekends) [1]. If an already stunningly wealth ceo submits fraudulent expense reports trying to get in the pants of one of his employees (who doesn't seem to have been much besides eye candy), demonstrating at bare minimum incredibly poor judgement along with the possibility of sexual harassment, he's given dynastic levels of wealth ($40m) and merely made to resign. [2] In short, there's no performance requirement. [1] http://money.cnn.com/2012/05/14/technology/yahoo-ceo-no-seve... [2] http://www.businessinsider.com/backlash-against-hewlett-pack... to summarize: your argument conflicts with observed reality, but you're nonetheless doubling down on it find a case, even one, where there has been a significant penalty for incorrectly issuing a dmca request No. That's at best incorrect and at worse a lie. They knowingly laundered money in the sense that the only way they could not know they where laundering money was to hold their hands over their eyes. Even a trivial google query brings up articles like this [1] The committee is concerned that HSBC cleared large amounts of travellers' checks over a number of years, without proper anti-money laundering controls, despite evidence of suspicious activity. Between 2005 and 2008, HBUS cleared $290m worth of US dollar travellers' cheques which were being presented at a Japanese bank. The daily transactions were worth up to half a million dollars, with large blocks of sequentially numbered cheques being handed over. After prompting from US regulators, HBUS found out that the travellers' cheques were being bought in Russia - a country at high-risk of money laundering. so they where moving hundreds of thousands of dollars daily from Russia to Japan to the US. I get the problem with international wire fees for small amounts of money, but if you're moving tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands, the $60 fee should be no obstacle. You can't characterize HSBC's actions in this, and in many other situations that a google query will find for you, as anything but willful ignorance. [1] http://www.bbc.com/news/business-18880269 Is this viral like the gpl? Does the use of the inbox backend, hosted by me, require release of the full source to the entire app that uses the inbox backend? My brief reading of the agpl seems to say yes. Which makes this an interesting toy but nothing more... It's not on the same scale, but I recently left a company. Part of the reason is we got a talking to for expensing a $19/person lunch that was apparently over the $15/person maximum... when we went out to eat on a Saturday that I spent 9 hours at the office. I was just stunned the company wanted to bitch about $4 when I gave them 9 hours of my Saturday. This was far from the only reason I left, but it left me feeling very unappreciated. I would bet a lot of places that traditionally ran on trust/reputation are vulnerable to bad actors, at least once. It's sad more than anything else... This is bloody depressing to read, and rings true in my experience. One of my pet peeves is relocation costs. Companies in nyc try to hire me at least every six months, particularly since I used to live there. You can tell who is an asshole by asking about relo packages. If they start at $5k my wanker detector goes off. Assholes offer maybe up to $10k, often as a hiring bonus, so it's taxed; maybe $6k might land in my checking account. That's a joke for a mid-30s data scientist. A trip to nyc for me plus partner to shop for apartments alone is $2.5k (2 airline tickets, taxis, meals, boarding a dog, 3 nights in manhattan hotels). Then the costs of apartment rental, job search for partner, winding down an apartment lease here, selling a car, and moving a grown up apartment -- ie I own a real bed and dressers and a couch and a table -- across the country. A relocation would cost me on the order of $15-$20k after taxes. Yet ceos whine endlessly about the lack of good employees. You never see them in a bwm dealership bitching they won't sell a 5-series for $30k though. hey -- I just loaded the page and I'm guessing 1/2 of the docs on the front page where copyrighted and uploaded w/o perms. I could be wrong. In either case, you probably want to get very acquainted w/ the dmca and register an agent [1]; hopefully you know all about this but it's worth running requirements to stay w/in the dmca past a lawyer [1] https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20101028/15533611640/damn-... I was a regular user of the sf library until we found a dead bedbug in a book. It's just not worth the hassle of potentially infesting my apartment. Also, the bathrooms there are foul. I guess it's nice that street people have a bathroom they can use but the only way to describe it is rural western gas station. That killed lingering at the library. if you're having trouble hiring people at the market rates, you need to revisit your assumptions (at minimum, the one about paying market rates) People claiming they see vagina or butt in that picture remind me of the tools claiming they'd always think of tampons or periods when apple named the ipad [1]. [1] http://www.fastcompany.com/1528988/apples-ipad-name-not-firs... I think everyone, at least here, is perfectly aware of this. The problem is verizon wants to have their cake and eat it too: bill people for (a quite large) profit margin on last mile access, then turn around and tax content providers. As if asymmetric access wasn't already part of the deal when selling last mile internet pipes. This is a textbook example of why monopolies are bad, or verizon exists to fuck us and is happy to purchase legislators to that end. I mostly agree with you, but worry that trafficking vs voluntary aren't so much two different things but a continuum, and worry where we should draw the line. That said -- and it's amazing how many people are so stupid -- it's very difficult to successfully ban transactions that are, if not morally voluntary (ie the whore could be trafficked), at least voluntary in the moment. The same applies to drugs, prostitution, and sex. As Bill Hicks said: We had a war on drugs, and drugs won. (Though most republicans don't even believe their own bullshit; the number that have smoked a joint or who look the other way when it's their daughter knocked up at 17 or their mistress or their wife is pretty astounding). lord knows none of the anti-prop 30 campaigners let that stop them... feel free to also compare to austerity measures under brownback in kansas can anyone explain how / why a canvas drawing should be unique? Doesn't that defeat the point of canvas? edit: So here is poc canvas fingerprint code [1]. The upshot seems to be (1) the process of turning the canvas drawing into an image (image processing, export, compression, etc) leaks information, and (2) anti-aliasing and sub-pixel rendering also leak information. But as near as I can tell, both of those are essentially equivalent to information available in the user-agent string: os version and browser version. There must be more here because, eg, for this to be useful as a ios fingerprinting solution there are so few device + os versions available this info is mostly useless. What am I missing? [1] https://www.browserleaks.com/canvas or, you can get around it by using an ios device: there is roughly 1 hardware release / year plus a near-lockstep upgrading of the os + browser. Thus fingerprinting techniques are nearly useless because you have the same fingerprint as the other (rough guess) 40m US iphone-5 owners. I'm actually surprised you're making this mistake -- you've pulled out once a generation companies and are generalizing from there. With these select companies, all the early employees get rich; this is totally true. But again, these come along once every 5 years at best. So what? It's still lottery tickets. Hell, I remember reading (and I wish I'd saved the source) that the US makes roughly 5 billion dollar companies per year. And even at a billion dollar company the first 100 employees won't be rich (where rich is > $1mm after taxes after vcs take their share). So your statistics are just wildly delusional. And remember, $1mm these days isn't even buy a modest house in the peninsula money. Now of course, live well within your means has been good advice since, well, forever. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen six, result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pound ought and six, result misery. Just as true as when Dickens wrote it in 1850. is there a reason a storeowner wouldn't have to be out of his or her mind to accept amazon wallet? Amazon already actively cannibalizes sales of merchants on their platform by figuring out what sells best and sourcing their own products to compete. Now a storeowner would be telling amazon who their customers are (particularly their valuable ones) and maybe even leaking what they're buying. I don't understand why anyone would possibly use this over square, whose ambitions don't include competing directly with the storeowner. The article mentioned it takes 5 hours. So 1/2 a day of work (and $625 of billings) to answer a single question. From my experience with lawyers in a lawsuit, there where lots and lots of little questions. Eg they'd ask what I meant by a sentence in an email between me and the defendants. Also, am I the only person who finds it just fucking amazing a prosecutor should be able to read emails between a defendant and his or her lawyer? and $300/hr is for the medium ones. If you're looking at serious time and have the resources, you're probably paying $500+ for an attorney experienced in criminal defense trials and your type of claimed lawbreaking. I take something completely different from your list: everybody should follow you around =P. You certainly have much better judgement than me. to be blunt: openssl is a festering heap maintained by a bunch of hacks. They let critical security bugs sit in their queue for 4 years while they sat on them [1]. They also actively worked to disable automated testing with malloc tooling; while obviously that won't catch all bugs, every bit helps. Finally, it contained rafts of code that, bluntly, my boss would probably fire me for checking in. [1] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnBbhXBDmwU#t=620 openssl didn't ship to end users; it's the software that goes to end users that should bear liability The title understates the drinking; he was getting so drunk he was hungover (or still drunk!) every Saturday and Sunday into the afternoon. A bit of moderation, and a couple beers once a week would still give him the majority of these benefits. But hey, it seems to make him happy, so props. I dunno; my takeaway is Josh is probably a raging asshole. Imagine if you where an employee recruited into verge, and the ceo bails for a high salary. The ceo of a startup should go down with the ship. I worked for a founder who did this all the time and it's incredibly stressful as an employee. It would be fine in the limited case where the features are fast and easy to implement: say two days' work at most. I enjoy my paychecks clearing every other week, and losing a sale over small amounts of effort is dumb, particularly since sales where relatively large (low hundreds of thousands of dollars). But this founder didn't know and frankly didn't care about that; he talked about features we'd just begun to do basic research on as if they existed. I'm being intentionally somewhat vague here, so it's hard to really relate the details, but in one case he discussed a feature (having to do with distributed markov chains) that not only didn't exist but, afaik, nobody in the world even understands how to do and is the subject of active research. Needless to say, not something that could be implemented in a couple days. Worse, we where talking to some phds who fucking understood the above, and they immediately started asking me how the fuck we did it! And yes, it often made us look like complete assholes in front of customers. The logic here appears to be that since the employee is deemed to have paid the government on the day that an employee receives his or her paycheck, the employer is holding those funds in a trust for the government, to be remitted quarterly. The government appears to believe in Monteiro's strategy: "Fuck you, pay me." So you -- as an officer, an employee who pays bills, possibly a board member, or possibly other related parties -- can be personally liable if, for example, you used money from that presumptive trust to pay any other bill . Although Internal Revenue Code Section 6672 includes officers, partners, and employees, it does not exclude other individuals or firms that that can be held liable. The IRS will first try to recover payment from the responsible persons with the most liquid assets, but will also concurrently hold as many people as possible liable, each with joint and several liability for this 100% penalty. There is no presumption of innocence in trust fund tax situations. In Skouras v. United States, the court determined the assessment on a responsible party is presumptively correct and issues relating to willfulness could be resolved at the summary judgment level. The individual has the burden of disproving by a preponderance of the evidence, the existence of one or both of the elements that is willfulness or responsibility. [1] here [1] are some interesting horror stories: Aside from the persons normally thought of as being responsible for these taxes (CEO, CFO, President, Secretary, Treasurer, partner), the courts have given fairly wide latitude as to which entities or individuals the IRS can assign responsibility to. In 1987, the United States Supreme Court held that the third party liability for trust fund taxes was affirmed against a lender who paid employees’ wages with the knowledge the firm did not intend or would not be able to make timely deposits of the trust fund taxes. In 1985 the courts found that a lawyer, who had power of attorney from the owner to operate a car dealership, was found liable for the 100% penalty. In another case the IRS determined that workers were incorrectly classified as independent contractors and assessed the 100% penalty to the principals of the firm. In a 1984 Revenue Ruling, the IRS stated that a volunteer member of a board of trustees for a charitable organization can be held liable for the 6672 penalty. In 1978 the United States Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals determined that a general contractor was responsible for the trust fund taxes not remitted by a subcontractor. An accounting firm was held liable as a responsible party because it had failed to remit a client’s trust fund taxes and paid creditors other than the Internal Revenue Service. The IRS deemed the friend of a business owner responsible because he paid some utility bills for the company, extended loans or pledged collateral on loans to the company. Imagine the shock when the IRS levied the Individual Retirement Account (“IRA”) account of an officer of an S corporation and then included the proceeds of the levied funds in the taxpayer’s Adjusted Gross Income for the purpose of determining his earned income. The IRS used the constructive receipt doctrine to conclude the amount levied from an IRA was a disbursement – it had to be included as income. The taxpayer was further refrained from deducting it as a pass through loss or a necessary business expense. This is just a sampling of the many cases involving withholding tax liability and the long arm reach of the IRS’ “responsible party” strategy. [1] Like I said -- you can pretty fairly characterize this as, "Fuck you, pay me." Where I to own a business, I would strongly consider creating segregated accounts to hold the funds owed to the government. In fact, it would be nice if I could create a way to just pay the government every other week along with payroll so I would have no owed-to-the-government funds on hand to create temptation... [1] http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/Delivery.cfm/SSRN_ID2306636_code... yup. I'd be astonished if board members didn't require this to be done because they could be held personally liable. Disliking travel is the obvious reason (and to be fair, if you're on the board of 10+ companies, that can quickly become a lot of travel). And it's not just for board meetings; it's travel for the board member or for the ceo in order to use the board member's contacts, etc. You need to either work with the urls or scrape the target page; this makes it sound like you want to scrape the page. The problem with the latter is that it's a lot of work to get rid of all the cruft (header, footer, nav, ads, js) around the actual content and the python libs that claim to do this for you do an utter shit job. I've used boilerpipe and it's not helpful. diffbot claims to do this but I've never tried them. What do you mean by blogspam? If you had pure article text, you can do a pretty good job. An obvious technique is to build a histogram over 1,2,3 grams then do something like cos_sim. This sounds very slow but you don't have that much content and can be easily sped up via lsh. That doesn't solve your containment problem, but it helps w/ dups. Containment could potentially be done via windowing. edit -- i'm sure you've reached out, but there's a yc founder with a lot of experience doing both of these. edit2 -- of the two challenges: 1 - turning url into extracted text, and 2 - fingerprint matching, #1 strikes me as much harder edit3 -- I'm going to suggest the plagiarism detection is probably misleading because they're working with already clean text, eg word or txt representations. If you want fingerprinting to work, you need to test it with all the page cruft or your best attempt at quickly cleaning page cruft. Again, I think you'll find this harder. I well take your point, but biglaw offers $160k [1] plus bonus starting comp. Even if you don't make it through the up-or-out crucible, the 2-4 years you should make it ought to at least zero any school debt you have and leave you with a good chit on your resume. And my rule is to quit jobs if I have to work weekends and I don't see the c-staff in there as well. Even if they have no work to do; if they screwed up badly enough that I'm working they better not be fucking off with their kids or hobbies. [1] http://abovethelaw.com/2012/10/the-160k-plus-club-which-law-... skim the leftmost column of [1]; $160 is a little optimistic but not much; by year 2 $160k is probably at worst the 50th percentile http://www.infirmation.com/shared/search/payscale-compare.tc... I'd say rather "professionalism" is a way for people to deride behavior they choose not to like and attempt to escape justifying their derision. how exactly does this require indexing? The hypothesis is that google is, on the whole, parasitic to news organizations. I think, unlike the hysteria on HN, that it is far from obvious this is wrong. We'll hopefully get to see the results of the experiment. there's an obvious collective action problem that this law fixes and weirdly enough google services that compete with eg yelp are almost always at the top! sure couldn't be them using their near-monopoly in search to juice their other businesses, could it? So for a rather refreshing change, tech employers should be honest. There is zero engineering shortage; instead, they want to use h1bs to drive down the prevailing wages. There are also plenty of very skilled mid-career engineers who have left the valley for the midwest because of the better net financial situation when a starter home doesn't cost $1.1m. If valley employers paid better, or got their shit together and pushed the governments here to allow affordable housing, they'd have plenty of engineers available. and that's exactly why we need the debate: so businesses can't buy themselves a self-serving change I wonder what is the admixture between - hobbyist apps getting better - vc funded businesses willing to lose piles of money for a shot at winning the app lottery introducing apps/services far below cost - deliberate deception on the part of app store owners about true prices of apps leading to very heavy use of iap and deceptive business practices As an employee, I don't particularly want a startup visa: I'm neutral to slightly negative on the idea. But certainly we -- as employees -- should get something in exchange for support. That's how the legislative process works. Bluntly: you're attempting to use support from the startup community to actively buy the change you want while, as employees, we get nothing in return. A bargain! For you. h1b is flat on topic: see comments below. The act of legislating is trading between competing interests; various people are attempting to use startups as a whole to get self-serving visa changes with zero to negative benefits to the majority of the members of the startup community: non-founders. On to you: your situation is the exception to the common use of h1bs. You're probably a giant minority. The common use as far as I know of h1bs is to hold down wages of engineering. Microsoft and yahoo laying off engineers while simultaneously applying for h1b visas trivially demonstrates the lie in the "engineer shortage" nonsense. Employee friendly changes to h1b visas could include many things: removing the tie between the sponsoring company and the employee (so if he or she is underpaid he or she can easily switch jobs); or aggressive investigation of prevailing wage requirements (oops there goes Infosys' business model); or 5+ year bans on h1b applications post layoffs. But bluntly, I think we have more than enough visas already. I'd change my mind if I saw engineering wages rise, concerted action on the part of ceos to help control housing costs, and concerted action on the part of ceos to help fix US education and increase the domestic engineering pipeline; or concerted action on the part of ceos to police visa fraud (see infosys, or epic systems, etc). so maybe if you wanted support from devs you should advocate for those changes yeah, but we both know that evidence is farcical. Epic System's practices are pretty well documented. And just this week, I was hit up by a recruiter looking to pay "up to 120k" for a data scientist with 4-7 years experience, ms/phd, and experience with hadoop and large-scale stochastic optimization. It's not hard to figure out why someone's paying for a recruiter to try to fill a job with a stupid low salary. Refusing to support companies asking for friendly visa changes for free is employees' best bet at getting said companies to support employee-friendly changes. tl;dr: Study attempts to determine whether high intensity training (HIT) consisting of 10 6-second sprints w/ a one minute recovery between sprints performed twice weekly improves metabolic health and decreases type 2 diabetes risk in untrained middle aged (35-58 y/o) people. It appears yes. also, a bmi of 29 (yes, yes, all you bodybuilders and powerlifters and strongman I know all about it) is tubby but not quite obese. It's kind of shocking how little effort this is. [1] is a good visual illustration of what a 29bmi looks like [1] http://www.fourhourfit.com/results-and-tracking/pat-p90x-res... participants where untrained fucking christ Dude claims he's going for an elite total (combined 1642 raw) at 220 while training for an ironman. That's insane. Bill Gates walks into a bar. The average patron is worth more than $1B. $125k in under two weeks is impressive. Or a lie. Let's charitably assume you only get 5% more traffic going from 12 to 14 days (ie the missing two days fall on a weekend) then divide to get a weekly run-rate: ($125k * (1.05)/2) = $65k/week * 49 weeks (dropping a couple cause xmas is low) = $3.2M/year adsense run-rate. Are you seriously surprised that the reaction is pics or it didn't happen? Or that any ad company would flag a customer coming out of nowhere with numbers like that? From experience, this is enough to get you an adsense account manager -- I know G doesn't do customer service, but for this size account they definitely will. Start again, come up slowly, and be able to justify this to a human. edit: oops, misread 12 as 3. adjusted numbers. Wow, the estimated 1st derivative of cases by country does not make this anything like under control. that's glib nonsense there is essentially no evidence that actions are unaffected by beliefs and viewpoints, and that's precisely what you're asking us to uncritically accept Mozilla is uniquely vulnerable to political incompetence because it’s not just some corp, it’s also FOSS. It is still a FOSS project, yes? Convincing people to donate their highly-technical labor to maintain your cash cow for you is a delicate political art. Free-software contributors want, in return: a degree of control and ownership, an association with a respected brand, warm fuzzy feelings. In the USA it is routinely assumed that you don’t share the worldview of the person who signs your paycheck. (Cue: Dolly Parton soundtrack) But society interprets donations as a form of endorsement. So if your business relies on donors, you’d better make ‘em proud. -mechanical_fish you're being deliberately obtuse if you plan to run a business revolving around shooting, better not donate to gun control if you plan to run a business that is a mission oriented open source company, that therefore hires quite a few people who live their politics, and that draws heavily from a politically liberal city that has a long history of welcoming glbtq people, you need to avoid deliberately offending them and their friends claiming that "freedom of speech" means "no consequences for my speech" is just stupid. There is no line. The US has near complete freedom of speech and no control over consequences to that speech (outside of obviously illegality like assault, etc). And yes, you obviously can refuse to hire someone who supports gay marriage -- supporting gay marriage is not a protected class. wow, that's amazing if substantiated I wonder what else we're disrupting with high levels of light. My crappy ass landlord but a giant fucking light right outside my bedroom. The problem is if I have blackout blinds to keep it dark at night, I won't wake up in the morning. do you have an iphone? In my (sample size me, so 1) survey (=P), tablet usage plummeted after I got a nexus 5 and my phone screen wasn't so damn tiny I keep meaning to try them and never getting around to it. I did look into automating the drapes, ideally with a small electric motor on a timer. It seems like something you should be able to do for $200 or so, but I couldn't find gear that would actually just list the price... heh; I should have just looked on amazon; instead, I wasted 4 hours on homedepot thank you so wait -- you ran the regression with lots of factors, and then dropped those you found not to be statistically significant? I would suggest it's not good practice to drop variables, even if they aren't statistically significant (and what an argument that can become if you test things simultaneously). Particularly if there's any chance they are correlated with other variables. Read Pearl; causality (which is what you're really discussing) is a rat's nest. Also, when you plot the value of the coefficients, I would suggest ordering them by abs(coef) * stddev(var). This may not matter much for you since it looks like most of your variables are indicator variables, but it's still good practice. edit: oh, hi, you're the Aline that wrote this? Thanks for the interesting analysis. I've had very good customer service purchasing physical items from amazon. ec2 and associated services' customer service and support has been pretty shitty, and these are from companies paying anywhere from $8k to $96k/mo amazon now is actively parasitic to marketplace vendors: they find the best selling products and compete directly. At some point this has to impact willingness for small shop owners to essentially show their books to amazon, right? 150 books so you saved $70/150, or less than 50 cents per book? Is that a good amount? I initially thought as you do: cheaper ebooks cannibalize the more expensive. But remember books are competing with social networking, tv, radio, iphone games, console games, computer games, the outdoors, friends, pot, bars, etc. While a controlled study would be interesting, I bet books can steal some time share. not returns from consumers; returns of unsold books from a physical store to the publisher The obvious thing it does is lays the groundwork for multiple first-class implementations. As it stands, the program php essentially is the reference: whatever it does, implementation quirks, bugs, and all, is what php should do. that's the opposite of common sense. There is a gulf between making information instantly and trivially accessible -- google's search business -- and it existing at all. For a long time, the relative anonymity afforded by the difficulty and cost of finding information about people worked reasonably well. Google has now upset that apple card (and we well know their attitudes, but in case you don't: their sociopathic ex-ceo wants privacy for himself but not for you.) Effective anonymity (for most, but not all) doesn't require information to be vanished; it just requires it to be expensive or difficult to discover. edit: and ignoring the recent changes (ie pretending that it's somehow inherently right that everything linked to your name from even 20+ years ago should be instantly and freely discoverable) makes you, well, Google's tool. No, there has simultaneously been a huge increase in quality of the search engines (driven by google, to their credit), plus how much of available documents they can search. Did you read what I wrote? I'm not blaming them for availability , but discoverability , because availability w/o discoverability is, for most people, the same as information not existing. I'm blaming them for massively increasing discoverability, pretending that somehow this is the natural and correct state of affairs (and further, that this is so obvious it doesn't require debate), then pitching a tantrum when a government uses it's ability to control commercial behavior in their country to interfere with what google wants to be the "natural" state of affairs. My 2 bed apartment, with both people working from home pretty regularly, and floor-to-ceiling windows on one side, costs Given those costs, it's very difficult to get a return on better insulation or insulated windows. In moscow, they do this in what is (nominally) summer for almost 2 weeks. I thought the water would be chilly, but if I took brisk showers I'd be ok. The first time I tried I nearly gave myself hypothermia -- no exaggeration, I was under a blanket unable to stop shaking for 10 minutes -- and figured out why I saw kettles in people's bathrooms when I was a guest in their apartments. Thank god for the gym which was in a different area of the city. is literacy a natural state? If you consider the history of the us, probably just barely. on to your argument, such as it is: pretending that our two choices are we can have easy access to information or not is, well, dumb: we can certainly allow individuals (as europe has demonstrated) to remove things from google while retaining access to, oh, 99.9998% (first estimate of google's index that popped up on google: 30B pages. removal requests: 70k in 2 months. 1 - 7e4/30e9) of information in the world. And that is a severe underestimate: information can still be returned, just not for particular searches as far as I understand. So starting with humane things like removing revenge porn, whether the host is or is not within us copyright jurisdiction, ad probably moving on to relatively private facts about peoples' lives is a great place to start. I'm not sure where we'll end, but I'm far more comfortable with governments -- who, after all, nominally represent the governed -- deciding than with google. edit: for another example: particularly the HN audience which runs young, white or asian, male, glibertarian, and tech employee has little to fear from personal info leaking online: sf doesn't care about most things, ranging from lgbtq to bdsm to swinging to whatever. But there's a lot of places that do. You don't have to look far to see what would happen in, say, utah to a high school-aged transgender kid. Restricting that information online is completely reasonable. hey, republicans need someone to look up to just to pick a recent example off the top of my head, Duke Energy pumped coal ash into a river and may have to pay up to $8k/day (oh noes!) (is $3m even visible in their financials?) [1] Freedom Industries dumped a barely studied industrial chemical into the river supplying drinking water to Charleston due to gross negligence [2]; the state environmental agency fined them $11k [3] eh, I'd go on but this is too depressing... [1] http://thinkprogress.org/climate/2014/05/23/3441138/epa-duke... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_Elk_River_chemical_spill [3] http://rt.com/usa/171612-wvirginia-water-spill-fine/ a relatively privacy friendly way is to compare accounts to ip addresses. You obviously expect there to be some nat-ing going on but it should be relatively constant over time. That is, if in your entire network you've seen, say, 10 accounts from a given ip and all of a sudden 5 accounts interact with a given shop, it's probably fraudulent. You can monitor characteristics the browser reports, including user agent strings. You can use techniques like differences in rendering of canvas drawings to images to fingerprint browsers. In fact, I'd bet good money this is a great signal: what you're trying to do is not fingerprint, but detect when the reported user-agent has been overridden. Few people override user-agents. Then you can go on to ways to bury identifiers in browsers. For example, etags on cached objects may be ok if you aren't using it for advertising and clear it in your privacy guidelines. You can also fingerprint with time deltas, though this may be patented. Briefly: computers synchronize to milliseconds, I think. If you are careful, you can probably detect sub-millisecond clock skew between a client and your server. This should not be constant across devices. etc etc etc um, no you don't, and yes i've done something similar before While I'm sure there are valid reasons for ua spoofing, I'd bet it's a great signal for fraud. If a scam works once, it will probably be tried again. Even if you are correct, there is probably value in simply detecting similar scams. Plus, if sift's network is big enough, a given business will be protected against scams that hit other businesses. I've heard that good signals are things like small gas purchases at a gas station you haven't been to before; they're used to test card validity at a pay-station with no human present. The graphs say local time; I interpreted that to mean ip-address local time. I don't want to live in Santa Monica, but where I considering working for snapchat, this is pretty damn relevant information. Something went so wrong that a presumably good engineering leader left a company that appears to be on a crash course to making him very rich. Either he was fired, or found a situation so bad he couldn't stand it. yeah, for a while I blackholed china and india with ipfw. Hacking attempts against my server fell like a rock. I felt a tiny bit bad, but if these countries / isps can't police their subscribers, what do they expect. Eventually I got rid of wordpress/php and just use nginx to serve static files so I felt secure enough to drop the firewall rules. a guess: probing the available balance. Presumably, you only get a couple shots at the apple store to buy that laptop because a single person isn't going to be able to try 5 cards with different names on them in a row without the police being called. I didn't, but I do have several former coworkers who came into @walmartlabs -- and which tool named it that -- through acquisitions and have nothing good to say about the company. I wouldn't be surprised if they, or friends, downvoted. upon further consideration: and let's not forget your employer is a welfare whore -- a report [1] suggests you cost taxpayers $6.2B in public assistance. Your company actively treats employees like shit and makes communities worse. I'm glad you're fine with that but many of us aren't. Amazon aren't angels but afaik their warehouse employees aren't widespread users of social safety nets. [1] http://www.forbes.com/sites/clareoconnor/2014/04/15/report-w... I dunno; having project members not actively be dicks to newcomers is always good advice. That said -- and I'm being vague because some people on hn are dicks and I'm careful how trackable my online presence is -- small projects get lots of, well, basically useless people who need tons of handholding to get anything accomplished. I see the upside for them, but I don't see the upside for me: if I where to help them out, I'd spend my limited available time on handholding people who apparently managed to get ms degrees in cs without being able to code instead of doing what I enjoy. So I ignore them. Open source is apparently the new resume chit so people want to spend minimal effort to put a patch into a github project. We're always open to helpful people but I have a depth 1 decision tree for ignoring the idiots: if you can't successfully read and follow the instructions in readme.md and make, you're worthless and I kill your email. the ability to download a client that is widely available for all platforms and follow simple instructions to join a channel is a useful filter at least for potential code contributions It's really smart to ensure that at the end of a very long and pricy education, essentially every qualified doctor who wants to be a doctor can get a job as a doctor. Plus many med schools lose money or break even, and residencies are a big cost for hospitals, etc. cabs in sf are an utter shitshow. Uber's original innovation was -- and this is only remarkable in sf -- they where a taxi that came . I was on crutches for 9 months and took cabs daily to work from near mission and 23rd. All these cab companies are utter assholes: I booked cabs 3-5 days a week, from a population hub, and tipped well, but none of them could provide decent service. Each one would say "10-15 minutes" when I would ask how long the cab would take to arrive. I collected stats for a couple months: the median time was over 30 minutes and the 90th percentile was 1.5 hours. I even had a cabbie come more than 50 minutes after promised; I'd already begged a friend to drive me to work. Dude had the big old brass balls to call my cell and bitch that I hadn't cancelled, after I'd waited over three times their maximum arrival estimate. One dispatcher even admitted on the phone that they just tell everyone near where I live 10-15 minutes. Uber in other cities may have a harder row to hoe, but in sf, merely being a cab that comes (or -- and this is amazing -- treating your customers with a tiny bit of respect and telling them you won't come if you can't) gets you really far. Fuck sf taxes -- yellow, desoto, luxor -- I hope all those assholes get unemployed. I'm not sure Uber is a good thing in a city with working transport systems, but that doesn't describe sf. They made my life even harder than it already was; there's no good reason I should have had to call cabs more than an hour and a half before I wanted to be to work (an 18 minute drive) just to have a greater than 90% chance of making it. And when you have doctors appointments or surgeries or something else with a hard start time, I have no idea what you're supposed to do in sf besides use Uber. Hire a black car maybe? True, so don't engage in behavior like child porn worth burning a zero-day for. If visiting the site itself is prima facie evidence of wrongdoing -- like child porn -- I disagree. In the case Silk Road, I agree: users could merely be motivated by curiosity and therefore browsing isn't on its face a crime. One conversation that I can't tune out, and I lose 20-60 minutes of work. I may not be cut out to work for other people, but it's intensely frustrating that by far my most productive hours every day are post gym/dinner between 10pm and 1am every night. First takeaway from here [1] and the other docs: 1 - don't allow physical access to your machine. If you are worried about nation state actors, consider filling firewire and usb slots with super glue. 2 - don't use skype [1] https://netzpolitik.org/wp-upload/FinSpyPC.4.51.ReleaseNotes... Yeah, most of this finfisher stuff appears to be for surveillance states (plus assholes like nsa), not real law enforcement. Real cops / fbi can get a warrant and go straight to microsoft who appears to have very good skype capture ability. Why would you screw around with all this nonsense when all it takes is a couple hours of a DAs time to draft a warrant, a trip to see a judge (assuming you have a reasonable cause), then a fax to microsoft? Unless of course the reasonable cause thing is tripping you up... ps -- that's not to say our governments aren't well aware of what FinFisher is doing. I bet the fastest way to seriously piss nsa/various pigs off is to sell an exploit before sharing it with the US/5 eyes. I mean, they don't "know know", but they know, the same way we know damn well what goes on in extraordinary rendition, though we all run around pretending to be shocked, shocked! that there's torture in egyptian prisons... How do you compare it to an aeropress? I've been using a Baratza Virtuoso grinder for 2 years now. I'm really happy with it, and it probably suffices for everything up to super fine espresso grinds. ~$200 on amazon [1] -- $230 right now but watch it for a couple days [2]. Just one warning: if you live in an apartment, it produces a fairly loud low grumbling sound. I think it's fine, but if you have super thin walls up get up at the crack of dawn it's something to consider. [1] http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006MLQHRG [2] http://camelcamelcamel.com/Baratza-Virtuoso-Conical-Coffee-G... Web users strike me mostly as naive idiots. It's like they suddenly looked up and are shocked, shocked! that all the free stuff on the internet they enjoy: high quality journalism like nyt or verge, gossip like gawker, games, free email + calendar + video services, free chat, free social network services, an excellent search engine, and on and on and on, actually required money to build and run! And that the companies involved are going to go to great lengths to earn as much advertising money as possible. You have to seriously be an idiot to think that all these companies building services that end users don't pay for aren't making money off the end users. Users had to choose between privacy/paying for things and free stuff, and they clearly chose free stuff. It's definitely not the choice I would have made, but I got massively outvoted. they did stall the internet as a development target for at least 5 years Selling ebooks is just not that complicated; it's an open question what value amazon brings to the market (in that sense, it's the exact same problem as Spotify.) If the top publishers jumped ship and started selling ebooks directly, I'd follow. The vast majority of the self-published stuff on amazon is utter shit, demonstrating both the value of a publisher as a filter and the value of editors. Obviously there are gems, but the majority is awful. Also, to be blunt: if you think that, were amazon to put the publishers out of business and therefore gain direct publishing control over most ebooks, they wouldn't take a hatchet to writers' pay, you're incredibly stupid. Thinking that (1) writers wanting people to have more access to literature, and (2) working in their self-interest to be paid are incompatible is silly. Unless you're voluntarily giving up your salary so that more people can have access to software (or whatever else it is you do). Sure, but here's the thing: Spotify is still the best parallel. Amazon's weakness is they don't own the content everyone wants; they have to license it and there is no mandatory licensing. The big 5 publishers could up and stop letting amazon sell ebooks, form their own ebook selling consortium, and switch the vast majority of customers over. Or hell, buy B&N for the same reason. Fucking what? There is no "offer" to pay you for the two weeks. If you worked for them, they flat out owe you that money. That's an "offer" in the same way I "offer" to pay my landlord for not kicking me out. You need a lawyer. If you treat employees with respect, you have little to fear. If an employee makes a claim that puts you in a bad light, you can then honestly relate what happened. If there's nothing to be ashamed about, you'll come out of the experience fine. Buffet has a fine definition of ethics: The priority is that all of us continue to zealously guard Berkshire's reputation. We can’t be perfect but we can try to be. As I’ve said in these memos for more than 25 years: We can afford to lose money – even a lot of money. But we can’t afford to lose reputation – even a shred of reputation." We must continue to measure every act against not only what is legal but also what we would be happy to have written about on the front page of a national newspaper in an article written by an unfriendly but intelligent reporter. Yet Spotify exists. Are you aware of who owns a big chunk of it? You can also put non-amazon books -- in formats such as pdf -- on kindle. It's not as simple as buying through amazon, but it's very doable. Further, everyone who owns a smartphone or a tablet can just download a reader app. Are you being deliberately obtuse? Read the chain. Nobody is arguing the company couldn't let him go. Rather, people are upset the founders didn't make it right for him. Frankly, they are assholes. Decent people would say something like, "Hey, this isn't going to work. We fucked up, and we're sorry. Here's two months of comp (or maybe six weeks) to find a new job, regain leases or find a new apartment, etc. And on the off chance you put this on your resume, we'll serve as a reference." and the war in iraq is probably an unqualified success [1]. Assuming, of course, you're a sociopath. [1] http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7444083.stm and then pay taxes on it, so there goes ~40%, leaving $2250/person. A gallon. He was drinking a gallon of tea a day. I would hope any reasonably intelligent human being would not put a gallon daily of even a mild stimulant in his or her body for years on end and be surprised at bad things happening. It's like those idiots that get diabetes after drinking 4L of soda per day for years on end. Who could possibly have known that 1020 calories and 276g of sugar per 2L of soda -- or twice that if you drink 2x2L -- could be unhealthy? The court system isn't putting up with it? You must have a liberal definition of punishment, if you expect $300mm to change behavior. If you add a zero it may have an actual impact, but at $300mm it's possible the companies net saved money. edit: for a (very rough) estimate of how much money google saved, remember that in late 10 they gave their entire staff a 10% raise, effective 1 Jan 11. So if you look at their 2011 10k [2], a very rough underestimate of their comp expenses -- looking at R&D alone -- is $5,162 (numbers in millions). So if 1.1x = 5162, then x = 4692 and that 10% raise cost google $470m. A fine less than the savings of one year of your illicit behavior -- and for just one company! -- discourages behavior exactly how? [1] http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB1000142405274870352360... [2] http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1288776/0001193125120... And how would you know? Virtually nobody has studied the effects of long term high level black tea dosing, at last in part because (I believe) society has an assumption that most people aren't that stupid. A cup or five a day is understood because people do it. Assuming a cup is ~8 fluid oz, he drank nearly 17/day. ps -- since you didn't read the article, he wasn't fine drinking the black tea Since this type of tea had given him occasional gastric pain, he changed to Earl Grey (Twinings & Company, London, UK), which he thought would be less harmful to his stomach. says a founder... Who, exactly, is saying amazon is acting illegally not listing or stocking Hachette books? I doubt you can find much of anyone; I'm not sure how debating strawman adds anything. Further, cheaper books sell more yields more revenue is econ for tots version of capitalism. What book publishers are doing is classic price discrimination, and amazon is damaging it. Note that amazons statistics -- such as they are, and they certainly come with no backing data, and are hard to take at face value since they (stunningly!) support amazon's goals -- exclude sales off amazon. Authors have seen how apple, amazon, walmart, etc behave towards suppliers. Where amazon to become more of a monopoly, they'll turn their price cutting on authors. It's well within authors' interests (and frankly mine, as a reader) to preserve a price structure that supports writing. Finally, assuming that authors somehow are agitating for "fewer books sold, higher prices, and smaller royalty payments" assumes that authors are all somehow stupid. Perhaps you should revisit your assumptions that lead you to assume that's what authors desire. ps: since we're almost all developers here -- selling, in one form or another, software with nearly 0 marginal cost -- there's not a person here with any ground to stand on to claim that prices should reflect underlying costs. when you videotape, video that day's newspaper to establish dates A guess: at $2500+ per couch, or their $800 lamps, you don't have to sell very much crap to justify sending a lot of catalogues. And it's not like trucking is a good job. For that princely (!!!) $41k / year, you are often away from home. I'd bet you don't get comped for all the meals you eat on the road either, so there goes a bunch of money spent eating out, even if it is just at truck stop diners. If you have a family, and and your partner has a job -- as he or she must, given that shit salary -- knock $4-$10k/year off for daycare as well. I mean, I'm just stunned people aren't begging for these jobs. Not to mention that from some reading, and I unfortunately forgot the link, it appears that truckers have to choose between keeping their jobs or obeying safety regulations. But never you worry, if they get caught violating sleep requirements only they get in trouble, not the companies. It's funny; this story is a perfect analogy [1] for [2] something [3] but [4] I [5] just [6] can't [7] think [8] of [9] what [10]. Meanwhile, true story: a former employer not only completely lied to me about what I'd be doing, but then threw a fit when I quit two months in. And sent potential engineering recruits a python puzzle with a naked woman in it. It's a shock why employers have trouble hiring is all I'm saying... [1] http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB113210508287498432 [2] http://www.dailykos.com/story/2013/04/11/1201127/-Facebook-C... [3] http://www.forbes.com/sites/ayoomojola/2013/07/15/the-shorta... [4] http://money.cnn.com/2013/04/11/technology/zuckerberg-tech-p... [5] http://www.crn.com/news/channel-programs/240163468/nice-work... [6] http://www.infoworld.com/t/h-1b/silicon-valley-leaders-unite... [7] http://thehill.com/policy/technology/258985-microsoft-lack-o... [8] http://www.sfgate.com/business/networth/article/Real-estate-... [9] http://sf.curbed.com/archives/2014/08/07/gasp_sfs_housing_ma... [10] http://www.bizjournals.com/sanfrancisco/blog/real-estate/201... If you're told there's a resource emergency, and you need to conserve / stop doing things you like, but you look around and see just profligate usage of that resource, it's pretty natural for your response to be, "Bullshit." eg Ruby Hills in Pleasanton (a gated community with enormous bright green lawns), or agriculture. Hell, even in Wisconsin -- which has few water issues -- agriculture doesn't water all damn day long because so much of it evaporates. We do in CA. The article pointed out estimated R&D costs are $25B, and they're having to sell them for not much over manufacturing cost (so no, they aren't making a net profit, though almost certainly an operational profit). While that's an estimate, I doubt R&D expenditures are really that closely held; they can probably be estimated pretty well both from financial reports and from leakage from all the EU government entanglements of Airbus. If you are referring to recent proposed visa changes, you appear to be defining dysfunctional as not passing visa programs very beneficial to a tiny group of people: incubators like YC, and owners / large investors in tech dependent startups. As not a member of those groups, that's quite a stretch. Claiming not wanting open borders == xenophobia is, well, good luck with that, champ. My point is you're asking for visa changes to directly benefit, well, you. With most likely only tenuous benefits for others. And frankly, I do believe that Google -- and yes, YC too, viewing YC as somewhat of an umbrella organization of the companies it has incubated -- bear a certain responsibility to Americans that importing foreign workers has helped you sidestep. There's plenty of engineers here who can't / don't want to make large life sacrifices to live in the bay area. Where is your (or Google, or YCs) leadership on things like: community problems in the bay area (housing, transportation), education, engineering pipelines, etc. Google and YC's diversity numbers are pathetic [1], and that lack of diversity represents lots of potential employees that are already here. Given the way you defend your proposed changes is to claim opposing them means you think foreigners are stealing jobs or some such stupidity, I think it clarifies our positions. [1] http://www.google.com/diversity/at-google.htm from ch 11 WordPerfect Corporation was not a platform for personal achievement, a career ladder to other opportunities, or a challenging opportunity for personal improvement. The company did not put the needs of the individual ahead of its own. The company was not concerned about an employee's personal feelings, except as they related to the company's well-being. WordPerfect Corporation was not intended to be a social club for the unproductive. While other companies might condone many personal or social activities at the office, ours did not. Things like celebrating birthdays, throwing baby showers, collecting for gifts, selling Tupperware or Avon, managing sports tournaments, running betting pools, calling home to keep a romance alive or hand out chores to the children, gossiping or flirting with co-workers, getting a haircut, going to a medical or dental appointment, running to the cafeteria for a snack, coming in a little late or leaving a little early, taking Friday afternoon off, and griping about working conditions were all inappropriate when done on company time. Even though these activities were condoned by many businesses across the country, we felt there was no time for them at WordPerfect Corporation. This guy sounds like a real dick. I mean, sure -- running a betting pool at the office is a big waste of time. But this guy is independently wealthy, so of course errands are no problem: you can almost always trade money for time. But going to a medical or dental appointment is not to be done? When exactly are you supposed to see your doctor, given they work M-F 9-6? And I bet they weren't shy about asking for extra time from employees when it's crunch time or there's an urgent bug. I'm saying the marginal benefit of 5k founder visas is of tenuous benefit. Nobody (I assume?) is debating the value of google's search engine, or thinks like book search / digitization. Also, there's a recurring theme here: this guy can't manage projects. Two examples: Catch the Monkey game. Playable alpha 6 weeks; 11 more months to complete. Reasons given: the publisher wanted so many different versions of the game. It’s a 2D sprite-based game with thousands of frames of animation. When we were required to create a Blackberry Playbook version (if you actually remember what it was!) we didn't have to deal only with a different screen size, it was a totally different aspect ratio. And Video RAM is handled differently on the various operating systems. Then there was Kindle Fire, then Nook, then Android phone with its 14 different kinds of resolutions. Then there was Android’s new requirement that a game package can’t exceed 50 Mb, and ours was 70 Mb. Marmalade’s framework didn’t support the Google OBB file streaming, neither did Nook because they had their own store. So I had to write my own http file streaming processor that would work on all these various platforms. The one thing iOS has going for it is a very tightly controlled OS/Hardware environment. Once you leave that, it’s a total gong show! But all of the non-iOS builds is where Marmalade really shines, and so their motivation was to get Catch the Monkey on as many different devices as they could. Second debacle: A is for App. First, I think it's a stupid idea. But beyond that, it almost looked like the guy learned: They had a salable stable ios build in 2 months. Great! Ship! Nope, this time, this guy dicks around for 7 months (AGAIN), adding 3rd party iap features on five platforms. I mean, I don't know what to say. Thomas claims to have run a consulting shop, and I really would have assumed that experience would grind project scoping and bounding into you. But he let the scope of two different projects just wildly explode, from alpha in 1.5 mos -> shipped in 1.05 years, and done in 2 mos -> shipped in 9 mos. It seems like building 2 projects in 4 months and then either quitting while they were behind or banging out a bunch more tightly scoped projects would be the optimal way to go. Don't get me wrong, I'm sympathetic, but you just have to control project scope. He's going to have the same problem on mac/pc: do you want to be a single person indie? Then you have to figure out how to make a game in 1-2 years, scoped to a single engineer + contract art. Do you want to be mid-tier? Then you have to figure out how to make an awesome game with 3 engineers and maybe an artist in 2 years. And so on. But you must pick which tier you are in then design and scope accordingly. But Baldur's Gate or xcom aren't ipad games. They're a port, presumably with a complete codebase + assets already made. That must be substantially less expensive than building. So realizing accretive revenue from a port, sure. As a game target, I dunno. slippery slopes come from poor management I stand by my assessment of an asshole that pitches tantrums if people eat at their desk (while presumably working!) Maybe this was the first time? At companies I've worked at, lots of limitations where only added after someone abused something... I wondered if you could use computer controlled magnets in a harness to keep the metal in place for a couple weeks, then remove it. Unfortunately, transition metals appear not to be magnetic. However, why not just stick glue into the veins? It won't migrate after curing... reading is hard; i'm gonna get on that one day =P Where? I don't see that. Uber has been previously accused of similar behavior with Gett, but not on Lyft. ah, I meant that lyft hadn't added limitations because lyft hadn't been abused this way before. And they where also exposed to high amounts of environmental lead, and we know how that turned out: higher crime, lower academic achievement, more teen pregnancies, etc. Just because most of a society is exposed to something does not mean it's healthy. Two interesting papers: Lead Exposure and Behavior: Effects on Antisocial and Risky Behavior Among Children and Adolescents [1], and How Lead Exposure Relates to Temporal Changes in IQ, Violent Crime, and Unwed Pregnancy [2], estimates serious deleterious effects ranging from lower iq, lower self control, increased violent crime, etc, stemming from childhood lead exposure via tailpipe emissions. [1] http://www.nber.org/papers/w20366 [2] http://pic.plover.com/Nevin/Nevin2000.pdf Conflating facing a severe and painful disease [1] while being repeatedly dicked around by the medical system through a combination of incompetence and greed with an entitled asshole who rapes a woman because he feels like he's, well, entitled to have sex with people he finds attractive is pretty stupid. As was explained in the article, the murderer had endured a painful illness, a misdiagnosis, used his grandparents' life savings and borrowed money for treatment, traveled some distance, had treatment interrupted, was blown off again by the medical system, and snapped. Of course it doesn't justify murder, but it is quit different than, for example, a premeditated murder over money. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ankylosing_spondylitis Yet somehow people weren't widely obese in the 60s. I have this fascination with random pictures: it's really interesting to look not at the focus but an the background. You see the stuff in houses, the items in shop windows, etc. The relevance here is look at pictures of the 60s and people's sizes. Skim eg these [1] and look at the older relatives in the wedding pictures. You'll see people who can stand to lose 25 pounds, but (I just got back from the midwest) you don't see people who could stand to lose 100+. Undoubtedly food has changed wildly in 55 years, but so also has the quantity. Not to mention all the estrogens from plastics. [1] http://www.buzzfeed.com/summeranne/adorable-real-vintage-wed... I'm guessing that's a very hard problem, but I'd love to hear otherwise. If you go the standard route: write in latex then pdflatex, you have no information in the pdf as to what those symbols are, right? So this is pretty close to mathematical ocr, with all of the weird symbols that math alone uses and the various meanings of different lengths of underbar or overbar in the article. Am I wrong? Is there more information left in the pdf? Obviously you can just extract images from the pdf and put that into epub, but it's a crappy solution at best. For a long time, I've wished for something that could ocr handwritten math and make even a shitty pass at ocr-ing to latex. There appears to be no such software. I doubt there's a big market, but there are a lot of people being paid $15+/hour to latex up written math... the whole point is to have vector math, not raster, particularly to well support zooming in and out on small devices my experience is very different: often problem projects are in that situation because of problem clients. How do you work out the difference before committing? edit: though I bet not dealing with clients that quibble about billing rates excludes lots who didn't learn their lesson the last time My guess is that it's less dishonesty -- though no doubt that occurs -- but far more often there never was an agreement. The two parties thought they had one but it wasn't fully specified, and now they have discovered that the two sets of unspecified assumptions in their heads don't match. it is a bad fit for your hand if you're a normal human I am over 6 feet and I can't hit the corners of my nexus 5 with a single hand. I've had to rearrange app icons on my home screen to be able to switch between spotify and google maps while driving. For a 5' tall person probably the top inch of the phone -- notably where the status screen comes from -- is inaccessible with one hand. Personally, I'll never use a smaller phone again. I use a lot less of my tablet since getting my nexus 5; in practice, it's big enough that reading on it doesn't suck. All the time. If you want to be horrified, read about the ludicrous bullshit that is a breathalyzer. The fundamental problem seems to be three fold: first, as anyone not an idiot would expect, animals process alcohol differently so at best you have a model relating alcohol intake with alcohol present in the lungs. Second, the programming appears to be ludicrously bad [1]. Pigs and manufacturers have fought and fought to avoid having to share code behind these devices or present any proof that they measure what they purport to measure besides, "Trust me." When competent engineers have finally gotten their hands on code, you'll be unsurprised to discover it's full of bugs. Third, even accepting the bac to gas model arguendo, it's an open question if these devices measure what they purport to measure. Just a few representative issues when competent software engineers have got their hands on the code: - Of the available 12-bits of A/D precision, just 4-bits (most-significant) are used in the actual calculation. This sorts each raw blood-alcohol reading into one of 16 buckets. (I wonder how they biased the rounding on that.) - Out of range A/D readings are forced to the high or low limit. This must happen with at least 32 consecutive readings before any flags are raised. - There is no feedback mechanism for the software to ensure that actuated devices, such as an air pump and infrared sensor, are actually on or off when they are supposed to be. - The software first averages the initial two readings. Then it averages the third reading with that average. Then the fourth reading is averaged in, etc. No comments or documentation explains the use of this formula, which causes the final reading to have a weight of 0.5 in the final value and the one before that to have a weight of 0.25, etc. - Out of range averages are forced to the high or low limit too. - Static analysis with lint produced over 19,000 warnings about the code (that’s about three errors for ever five lines of source code). I would suggest we move to an impairment model of punishment rather than a blood alcohol. Regardless, it's a mockery of a justice system to have defendants convicted based on the flawed source code of a flawed model of human biology, that prosecutors have successfully loopholed their way into not having to defend, and that has essentially no publicly available evidence proving it measures what it purports to measure. see also http://digital.law.washington.edu/dspace-law/bitstream/handl... [1] http://embeddedgurus.com/barr-code/2009/11/breathalyzer-sour... edit: and just so we're clear, drunk drivers are utter assholes. But it's a basic principle that you need a high likelihood of guilt to punish people. These breathalyzers seem like utter bullshit, used mostly as a pseudo-scientific gloss to help pigs + prosecutors punish those whom they wish to punish. It's a dick move to be a griefer / enable grifers to a bunch of nice people. Lots of us knew you could do this; nobody else was a big enough ass to give script kiddies code. It's unbelievable that at&t / verizon / tmobile / uscellular / sprint would freely make this available to overseas companies / just anyone, no? Or am I wrong? I mean, those companies are scum, but damn. Verint, which also has substantial operations in Israel, declined to comment for this story. It says in the marketing brochure that it does not use SkyLock against U.S. or Israeli phones, which could violate national laws. But several similar systems, marketed in recent years by companies based in Switzerland, Ukraine and elsewhere, likely are free of such limitations. At The Post’s request, telecommunications security researcher Tobias Engel used the techniques described by the marketing documents to determine the location of a Post employee who used an AT&T phone and consented to the tracking. Based only on her phone number, Engel found the Post employee’s location, in downtown Washington, to within a city block — a typical level of precision when such systems are used in urban areas. But apparently SS7 -- the network-to-network connection -- freely lets you query anyone's last cell tower. Un-fucking-believable. Terrorist: defn: person killed by drone strike Hmm -- when I interview candidates, I always ask that question and am very happy to answer any question they want about the company. In fact, I give out my personal email address and offer to answer any questions they have as honestly as I can. It's no good for either side to have buyer's remorse, and if I can help a candidate make a good decision, even if that decision isn't to work for me/us, it saves me time in the end. Well, there's a line. Given landlords/banks still refuse to convert moral rewards to cash, it can become prohibitively expensive to write a book. At 5 hours per page for 400 pages, you've traded your book for a year's worth of wages. If you can afford that, great; if not, you can't write a book. There's something unhealthy about an industry's educational materials requiring essentially large financial donations. If it has to be a work of passion, I just find it... unhealthy. afaik most industries don't require what's essentially volunteer work to build training material. Yahoo's hadoop has a variety of issues. I'd rather not say company names, but this comes from working at a company that had hadoop in production by 2007 and last I heard was running 10+pb datastores with 10k+ hadoop cores. Yahoo's hadoop writes all output (from mappers and reducers) to local disks which are typically spinning rust. This is an anti-pattern: you run multiple mappers per box, typically 1.1-1.3 per core, and you have multiple jobs running simultaneously. You then perform a disk based merge sort, and then every reducer must connect to every mapper to get the data associated with its keys. The second you get a hot disk, whole jobs get choked because of the api invariants: all mappers complete before you can finish (or perhaps start) sort, all sorts complete before reducers, all reducers finish before the next mapper pass. Further, avoiding having every reducer have to have high throughput network to every mapper is key; the hadoop design makes it difficult to optimize over network topology like higher within-rack bandwidth. There are far better designs implemented: never write to local disk from the mappers, instead writing to a global dfs then performing the sort in the dfs. I worked for a company that took hadoop 0.17 and made it roughly 10x more performant (and not on toy datasets: on petabyte scale datasets) with roughly 10 engineer-years with this design. I think it's also fair to say that the quality of engineers on hadoop, particularly when they worked at yahoo, was... subpar. There was a ton of low hanging fruit. Also, yahoo's workload wasn't, or so I've heard, highly cpu bound. They where using hadoop at least in part just for hdfs capacity. So if you aren't cpu constrained, a lot of optimizations don't matter. Better companies have to run at say 95%+ cpu or their cfo won't authorize more boxes. You can also go after things like optimizing your compressors / decompressors, which are probably by far the hottest bits of code. Get icc, break out vtune, hire a really good optimizing dev to go after even small gains, etc. Finally, the hdfs design is pretty shitty, on two fronts: the namenode gets slow (choking everyone), and the disk-based format is missing lots of things to enable optimizations like certain types of append, or indexing. Indexing is incredibly powerful for things like join, enabling a map-side join instead of having to read all your data once, sort by join keys, then reread in your reducers. Another problem with hdfs design is capacity adding; hdfs has shitty rebalancing tools. The typical problem is this: hot data is new data. So if you add capacity to hdfs, your old capacity is say 80% full and your new capacity is 0% full so where does all new data go? To the new capacity. Which is quickly 100% saturated and choking your jobs. Properly rebalancing a dfs is a hard problem on it's own. Further, hdfs' use of triple replication (well, you can actually set the replication level) instead of better algorithms like erasure encoding does no favors to performance as well. edit: by the way, never writing to local disk and instead going from mappers straight to dfs then performing a rough/fine grained sort in the dfs is a lot like google's design. You do trade network i/o for disk i/o, but that's often easier to scale and, as mentioned, easier to optimize over your network topology. Finally, you can do multi-pass sorts partially locally by running sorters on your disk nodes. um, you sound like a vendor. hadoop does mean map-reduce + hdfs as the common usage by the majority of devs + admins. Claiming hadoop is now some distribution of tools is fine, but that's simply not what the common usage is. It remains to be seen if yarn will carry the day or no; my suspicion is that many people are essentially going to be running spark on hdfs. I don't see much use for yarn unless you need to balance hadoop and yarn, and weren't their claims that yarn was going to support eg mpi style computation that didn't pan out? see eg quantcast's experiences with why hadoop is slow on big jobs [1], the design of their sorter architecture [2], and some benchmark wanking [3] [1] https://www.quantcast.com/inside-quantcast/2012/10/letter-fr... [2] https://www.quantcast.com/inside-quantcast/2012/10/quantsort... [3] https://www.quantcast.com/inside-quantcast/2013/12/petabyte-... In practice -- again, see my experience writing jobs processing pbs of data on 1000s of nodes -- hadoop experiences namenode issues. Hadoop was designed many ways, blah blah blah, but that's essentially not what the software is as shipped. And that's about it; I was going to respond point by point, but your post displays a general lack of knowledge of large-scale hadoop deployments, so it's basically a waste of time. Testing 4=='4' is far from pointless. For better or worse, programming as the majority of us practice it is no longer about flipping bits or moving bytes or red-black trees or building common collections data structures. It's now about a language plus an api or apis, and the language of front end web development is javascript. So checking if front end or fullstack dev candidates have a basic understanding of types in javascript is perfectly reasonable. I find it hard to believe anyone has spent a bunch of time writing js and never been bitten by a type conversion. Am I wildly off base? I do data science, but everyone who writes R has been bitten by it's scoping rules, which are definitely not mainstream. Everyone I know who writes java or python has been bitten at least once by the pass object references by value (is there a better name for this?) function argument semantics. Everyone who writes java has accidentally written == when they meant .equals and stared at the code for far too long. etc etc etc You just can't claim you can competently use a language without understanding some basics, like how functions work, how arguments are passed, and how equality is decided. If it helps: when I interview, I really really want the candidate to succeed because he or she is solving a problem for me. I need more competent hands. I don't know if this helps, but it's true. I just don't fill in questions on the application form I don't want to answer. Particularly references. They are unavailable -- since I can only impose upon them so often -- until after all interviews and a salary discussion and a serious decision that I want the job, etc. Um, no. If you don't understand types in js, you don't understand js. I'm not hiring a front-end engineer who somehow hasn't learn js unless he or she is a totally raw intern. And a 1st or 2nd year intern, not a 4th. For anyone else, you need to know js, and if you don't understand types, you don't know js. If you need to google your example, you simply can't write js on a daily basis. (The one exception is, as noted below, saying "don't do that, here's why, do this instead"; that's a great answer.) Types, functions, objects, classes, type conversions, etc, are part of the minimal working set needed to write code in a language. I'm with @lostcolony: if I were interviewing and a candidate said "don't do that, it's unpredictable, do this instead" it's a great answer. thank you! I really like that http://floored.com just jams for me in chrome on osx; I just see a rotating blue triangle and nothing else You can always phrase it as, "That's ill advised, here's why, my guess is it does X, but you probably shouldn't do that in production code". Me too, but I thought that because I assumed the ceo of Nokia would order his engineers to drop whatever the fuck they where doing this second, start a death march, and build him an iphone. cisco seems to do that: they allow internal employees to create startups, fund them and acquire a large stake, then if they succeed, fully acquire the companies. There's a cute name for it; something like fold-in innovation? I forget. That's probably a misstatement of your opinion: you almost certainly draw the line somewhere (or at least I would be quite surprised if you didn't), eg white power advocates, racism against blacks or jews, anti-women's equality, anti-disabled rights; but don't include gay rights as equally important. I have to disagree. I worked with someone who got an iphone the first week they where available; it probably involved standing in line for a day or something ridiculous. But while the videos that Jobs did where pretty amazing, when you held it in your hand and played with it, my thoughts where 1 - holy shit I need this, and 2 - using fb on this thing is going to be like crack. Maybe I was over optimistic, but I was pretty confident everyone with an ipod or a train/bus commute was going to have one pretty soon. I still believe any ceo of a cell phone manufacturer who got one (and they all should have purchased an iphone on the first day) and didn't immediately see the future unfolding in front of them is incompetent. fair enough, but how many people who can't setup cron need ifttt's functionality? I'm somewhat skeptical. And even if they do need ifttt, investors need to turn that $30m into $300m. It's almost a sure bet -- unless you believe that somehow advertising is going to pay the bills -- that ifttt will start taxing users, publishers, or both. Which will end up sucking for all of us. Too bad craigslist didn't implement this... Except many people need what dropbox does (conveniently move files between ios/android and your computer; conveniently share some files between a work and personal computer), while I don't see the common need for ifttt. The latter may be due to my lack of vision, of course... You didn't understand what the article is advocating. The thesis lays it out: The increasing criminalisation of corporate behaviour in America is bad for the rule of law and for capitalism. The author then uses the fact that punishment for the criminal activities by corporations has been privatized through civil courts instead of performed publicly by regulation and prosecution to attempt to gin up outrage. Yes, private enforcement instead of public enforcement is less efficient in many ways. But given the deluded republican ideology and their band of useful idiots (corporations are people, my friend! [1]) it isn't the case that we are choosing between private enforcement and public enforcement of our laws, but rather between private enforcement and no enforcement. The goal is clear: to allow corporations to not be punished. Note also the cute aside where the author attempts to shift blame for corporate activities to individual managers, who can then be charged (in lieu of any punishment of the corporation for acts done by the corporation). The modern version of "Will no one rid me of this meddlesome priest?" [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlPQkd_AA6c coffee naps? It's like Joseph is talking to my heart. stabbings are free; eau-de-bumshit in the mornings too! Apr 2004 [1] [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gmail Feb 2005 [1] [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google_Maps I wonder if this is to get in front of anti-trust actions. They where clearly using their search duopoly (US) and monopoly (EU) to juice google+. Do you believe android succeeded w/o juicing from other google businesses? I don't, I think. The forced bundling of gmail, calendar, and maps (w/ turn-by-turn) where critical to android's success imo. Though I'd be curious for an argument otherwise. Where are there any android phones sold w/o google apps besides an estimate of 35K Amazon Fire phones, and china? Because leveraging bundling is illegal, if the bundled item is a monopoly, in both the US [1] and the EU. Further, leveraging their search monopoly in such a way as to juice other products is to the detriment of users: if the product deserves a given space in the search results (where deserves means would rise there without bundling), it should rise there on its own, or there is a better alternative that should have been there instead. Hence user harm. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_antitrust_law The enormous amount of waste? And I question how bio-degradable those cups are, unless you mean in the sense that everything biodegrades... eventually. Plus the expense. Prices seem to be about 50c/cup [1:3] which is just awful; you can get really good coffee for that much money with just a bit of work. Keurig coffee generally tastes pretty bad imo. [1] http://www.amazon.com/San-Francisco-Bay-Coffee-Breakfast/dp/... [2] http://www.amazon.com/Grove-Square-Cappuccino-Vanilla-24-Cou... [3] http://www.amazon.com/Keurig-Original-Donut-K-Cup-Regular/dp... How is bundling different than getting a boost? I really think they're the same. And google made the services work better on their phone (eg turn-by-turn navigation, better gmail app). It's a weird market for political reasons, including the chinese government's attempt to grow domestic software and industries. Partly due to this, they're not really part of the same internet market as anyone else -- notice how all of china's big internet companies are home grown. So I don't think it's really proof of much. Is this not the case? Yet another place where intuitions derived from the normal distribution about the behavior of distributions screws people. An explanation I like, from michaelochurch: Let's say that you have 20 tasks. Each involves rolling a 10-sided die. If it's a 1 through 8, wait that number of minutes. If it's a 9, wait 15 minutes. If it's a 10, wait an hour. How long is this string of tasks going to take? Summing the median time expectancy, we get a sum 110 minutes, because the median time for a task is 5.5 minutes. The actual expected time to completion is 222 minutes, with 5+ hours not being unreasonable if one rolls a lot of 9's and 10's. This is an obvious example where summing the median expected time for the tasks is ridiculous, but it's exactly what people do when they compute time estimates, even though the reality on the field is that the time-cost distribution has a lot more weight on the right. (That is, it's more common for a "6-month" project to take 8 months than 4. In statistics-wonk terms, the distribution is "log-normal".) You've worked on one of those projects too, eh? I call them pony projects, as in I want a fucking pony... People have a recurring delusion that the world is shaped by their wants. So (and I ask naively) why not just publish? If vendors aren't good, give them 30 days and release?