It's good that testing is covered as part of your teaching strategy, because as you said, in any real world environment that experience will come in handy. But the audience reading and sharing links on Hacker News are likely to have a deeper body of knowledge in this area than pure beginners. People posting tutorials (for free) may be targeting this more experienced group of people, who may take it for granted that a beginner's tutorial will not cover everything necessary to go from a prototype to production-ready software. I also feel that as people progress through tutorials, they will organically come up with questions that the tutorial has not covered at all, like "how can I test this to make sure it's bug free and can withstand lots of concurrent logins?" They're upfront about the only 2 features of this phone, so why would anyone pay $300 for the privilege of "distraction-free" telecommunication, which is available at 10% of the cost at any cell phone shop, anywhere in the world? This news concerns me a bit, as a project manager for a SaaS web app that uses GA to generate user activity reports for data around things like "# of users who clicked on link X" or "users who completed a survey". I'm not a dev, and we hire an outside web dev company to build the web app and reporting dashboard. Can someone more knowledgeable than me indicate if a user with this add-on enabled will be throwing up zeros on our analytics when they use the software as a logged in user? I know Ghostery blocks GA, but it's niche enough that I don't worry about a critical mass of our target demographic using it. But this seems like an official Google add-on, which makes it much higher profile to average users. I've been reading magazines and books on tablets for a while now, and while I agree that 4:3 portrait is naturally more suited to reading, most magazines are printed at an actual size of A4 paper or larger. So even on a 9.7 inch iPad, the content is being shrunk to "fit to vertical height". This can make the content harder to read, as you're not viewing it at the actual size it was designed for. The alternative is to read it in landscape mode "Fit to horizontal width", but with visual clarity, the trade-off is having to scroll to read the whole page, which is annoying, and reminiscent of scrolling through a web page. I don't know if that's true. The first few iPhones were very expensive unlocked and on contract, required signing up for a $70-$100/month phone plan, which was close to double what dumbphone users were paying. The iPod Nano, iPod Touch and iPod Classic saw updated versions each year, slowing down only once iPhones and Androids became mainstream and replaced dedicated music players. It's 9.4mm at its thickest point. Will consumers really be turned off by a phone that's barely 1cm thicker than other flagships? Most smartphones I see in people's hands have a bulky case around them already. The auto-cropping works for most magazines but not all. Businessweek is notorious for using margins to include photo captions, graph legends and related articles. Most mags also use the margins to include page numbers. Source: used to crop margins on magazine PDFs when reading on a 16:10 Android tablet. Not worth the hassle. That assumes that CS grads will look for work exclusively in a technology role. The skill set of a CS major is applicable to roles well outside programming. Management consulting and financial services for instance recruit CS and EE grads by the bucket load. CS employment in startups may decrease in the event of a startup bust, but mature companies like Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, Google, IBM etc. aren't likely to drastically change their hiring patterns unless their own business have been materially impacted. I have 3 friends from Bangladesh whose parents received their US green cards in 2000, 2002 and 2003. They had all applied for them in the early 1990s. I rarely hear of this happening anymore, so I imagine the process was more straightforward back then. Mozilla has definitely been pushing these technologies, partially to support content development for Firefox OS. You seem to be comparing a markedly positive device review by TNW to a markedly negative one by Ars and inferring that there's some agenda. What would that agenda be? The post is about the frequency with which Whatsapp polls the contacts list. The Blackberry DTEK app simply happened to be the only one that could provide that information. Blog posts usually have links to related content to drive page views, so linking to their BB review isn't exactly some shady form of advertising. OK, as you're an Android developer, I understand where you're coming from. However, Android users in 2015 pay hundreds of dollars for phones that can barely manage 4-5 hours of on-screen time. That is due to many factors, but users have a right to question if background app activity is to blame. Usually there isn't much quantitative information to work with, but in this case, we do have some. And it's sparked an informative discussion on HN, so I think people have benefited overall. As for their opinion of the Priv, it's an opinion, and there have been varying opinions about it in the tech press. The way your comment was phrased, it sounded like your disagreement with their Priv review was a factor in your evaluation of their Whatsapp article. Agreed. I come to HN to read about technology, not geopolitics. Some related issues like electronic surveillance, encryption etc. seem relevant, but a discussion about geopolitical roles of two Middle East regimes seems pretty off-topic. The controversial nature of these topics also unfortunately attracts people who aren't HN's target demographic, and dilutes the excellent content of the site. Even without Ublock, Firefox Android supports extensions, so I can toggle an image blocker extension during those lean times when I'm close to hitting my monthly data cap. Unfortunately, I've found that Firefox is a bit slower to render pages than Android Chrome, and scrolling experience sometimes feels janky. That said, it's unlikely that Android Chrome will ever support ad blocking, so Firefox will stay on my device. Agreed. Erstwhile ad-free websites like BBC News for example now have an annoying full-page ad on mobile with a requisite tiny "Close" button. The worst part is, the news article loads before the ad, so you can see the article text and image for ~1 second before the screen flashes white and the full-page ad loads. That's a fail on so many levels, it's far simpler to view the site on on Firefox Android with Ublock Origin enabled. BTW I have the BBC news site whitelisted on desktop because the ads are not nearly as intrusive and UX-breaking. Maybe not a murder charge, but in the US, there are a number of lesser charges that don't imply direct intent, such as negligent homicide, 3 degrees of manslaughter and others. In the case of deliberate targeting of women based on gender, it's possible to attach a hate crime charge as well, which would add significantly to the possible jail time. At the very least, pursuing some of these charges would build leverage, which may result in the defendant pleading to a lesser charge. That in turn would result in no trial, and circumvent the complicated question of whether SWAT team operations disproportionately increase the risk of death or serious injury. I don't know about this. I think it's wholly possible that people derive inspiration and perspective from Dribbble, Behance and similar sites, and use that inspiration to attempt to solve actual business problems in UI/UX, the specifics of which are never posted to Dribbble, either due to NDAs or more likely, because it would be incredibly boring for the average Dribbble user to look at. I don't believe Dribbble has portrayed itself as a site to showcase business case studies. A lot of the time, it's simply a repository of design samples or off-work personal projects. And I'll admit, after a long day of looking at dull wireframes, it's simply a relief to look at a fun UI mockup animation, even if it might not work in a real-life production app. It was very popular all across Asia too, except maybe China where Internet restrictions probably led to local competitors,sprouting up. It likely wasn't popular in the US as AOL captured the market first, and the impact of network effects is huge when it comes to chat apps. Interestingly, MSN Messenger's capabilities in the late 90s/early 2000s were quite impressive. I remember being able to make long-distance audio VOIP calls using Messenger back in 2000, even on an awful 33.6kbps modem. The feature was removed pretty soon after, probably because it was abused (there was no charge for calls). You could also send decently sized files (~10MB) using Messenger until about 2005, and that too was discontinued as people used it to send MP3s to one another. I recently imported the Huawei Mediapad X2, a 7-inch phone with a 16:10 1200P screen not unlike the Nexus 7. I use it both for phone functions (BT headphones) but also as my primary web browsing, magazine/ebook reading and mobile gaming/XBMC device. A smartwatch is the perfect accessory to a device like this, which is too large/unwieldy to use at the gym, or pull out for things like map directions, public transit arrival times, email notifications, etc. None of these are a problem with smaller phones, like the 6 Plus or Galaxy Note. The Apple Watch is a poor solution for this, because, like the 2001 iPod, it requires a Mac device to work. And even if it didn't, like Android Wear devices, it must be tethered to a smartphone for most of its functions, as opposed to functioning as a standalone device. I understand Apple, Google, etc. don't want to cannibalize device sales, but it seems ridiculous to me that a V1.0 smartwatch costing $300+ can't even support music playback on local storage, or have a built-in GPS and maps that work offline. If I'm on the go, I'd like to limit the number of expensive devices I'm carrying with me where possible. I think the same goes for most people, otherwise people would still be carrying their flip phones and digital cameras around. Yes, of course there are hobbyists who need their DSLR with them all the time, but the majority of people are happy with a solution that's good enough and convenient enough. I'm not even thinking about more advanced features like a built in video camera that, with the appropriate strap, could act as a body cam or a helmet cam. I'm sure future versions will offer such functionality, but V1.0 functionality is already so limited, I simply can't muster any enthusiasm for this class of devices yet. Cell phones have always been able to tell time. I wore a watch all the way until I purchased my first dumbphone. I'm not interested in watches for accessorizing/aesthetic purposes, so as soon as it's primary function was supplanted by my phone, I ditched it. It's very likely that the employee roster in those companies mirror the ethnic makeup of the country quite closely. That is not to say that minority groups in many other countries don't also suffer from discrimination in the labour market due to socioeconomic marginalization, religious differences, etc. But to dismiss this issue in Silicon Valley by pointing at other countries is besides the point here. SV by and large is the most well known tech hub, and notorious for waxing poetic about its meritocratic structure. That is what is at issue here; is it a true meritocracy, or are there enough confounding factors (recruiting at specific schools for instance) that end up resulting in a workforce that doesn't reflect the racial/ethnic/demographic makeup of the country in which it exists? I left a comment suggesting a follow up article that might flesh out some of the aspects he wrote about (covered succinctly in the TLDR in the comments here). On its own, the article isn't all that helpful aside from confirming the general adage of "work hard". It is odd that Yahoo's stake of the fantasy sports market constantly goes unmentioned while daily fantasy startups like Draft Kings is currently bathing in VC cash and media coverage. Part of this may be related to the lack of direct monetization opportunities from Flickr. If you take the example of Instagram, the enormous number of users they have have created, "Instagram celebrities" out of thin air, with people securing modeling contracts or product endorsement deals simply by being popular on the network. I'm sure some photographers are getting business opportunities by posting their work as well, although that has a lot to do with how good they are at getting themselves exposure. Even if That depends. I thought the same thing would happen to Uber, but they've used their rapid growth and VC money to fund lobbying efforts to change the laws around taxi regulation. As I understand it, these FF startups are attempting to exploit similar loopholes in Internet gambling laws as a short-term fix while they lobby to change the law in their favor. That's the point I was trying to make. Yahoo has first mover advantage in having their own infrastructure for calculating scores and player statistics, not to mention a large base of users. Surely their fantasy sports products would be of value to companies looking to get a piece of the online sports gambling industry? Unsurprisingly, someone has attempted to make a business out this exact question. The Personal MBA site has a good selection of books to get your started. It's categorized under different topics like marketing, finance, strategy, etc. https://personalmba.com/best-business-books/ Stock market movements are heavily influenced by macroeconomic trends like inflation, GDP, unemployment etc., and the government is the organization tasked with collecting and disseminating that data. When you don't trust the numbers coming out of the central bank, you can't have much trust that the stock market is reflecting the true value of the securities. With regards to the Indian governments' fudging of macroeconomic stats, this article may be helpful: http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-12-14/india-now-... What specifically about the free market is hold Brazil back? What changes would increase economic output? I understand that import taxes on things like consumer electronics are punitively high, but that's a cross-section of the consumption aspect of GDP. GDP can still be increased through capital investment, fiscal policy and net export growth. What numbers are you comparing though? The headline figure for TARP in the US was $700 billion, but even the GAO audit cannot perfectly trace how much it actually cost, as opportunity cost can't be calculated. Financing TARP took resources away from infrastructure projects or other projects for which positive economic externalities apply directly to society, not just bondholders. China has 4x the population of the US. How "big" would the intervention have to be to be stronger than anything in 2008? Can you specify why it was "useless"? >part of the force resulting in net negative low skills worker immigration. That assumes that these workers are coming from countries where opportunities for paid work are equal to or better than those available in the US, and are equally lucrative. Many workers come from communities destroyed by the drug wars, or from economies ruined by corrupt governance. If those structural factors don't see improvement, the impact on net low-skilled migration to the US won't budge much. In Buffett's day, value investing made a lot of sense and allowed Buffett to put out wise-sounding soundbites like "I don't invest in what I don't understand" and helped shore up the folksy image of Berkshire Hathaway, who owned ostensibly uncomplicated companies like Heinz. But today we live in a world where the way to make money is through regulatory arbitrage (Uber) or startups chasing risky business models. Additionally, accounting trickery is orders of magnitude more elaborate today, and high frequency trading may have permanently impacted traditional models of volatility. Of course, this applies only to publicly traded companies. My overall point is that determining value from fundamentals alone is nowhere near as straightforward as it used to be. >If the US government decide to do that.... And therein lies the rub. Apple can mount a better defense than the US prosecution can, by dint of their bottomless legal fund. Apple can also put forward a united front, whereas you would need to summon an unprecedented level of political will and bridge-building to simply prevent Congress from derailing the DOJ prosecution through infighting. While the article certainly worded that portion poorly, there is a difference between monetary velocity of retained earnings parked in a mutual fund, and earnings plowed back into a business. In the former scenario, it takes a much longer time for the money to flow back into the purchase of goods and services. By reinvesting in the business, there is far less of a time lag for that to result in growth-generating economic activity. They are not sitting on the cash. The article worded this very poorly. While all companies hold cash for managing day to day operations, a lot of the 2 trillion or whatever the number is, is parked in CDs, Treasuries, Bonds, etc. i.e., income-generating investments. Financial statements require companies to disclose "Cash and Cash Equivalents"; much of the hoarded money is in the form of investments that can be quickly converted to cash. It would be foolish to simply park non-essential funds in a savings account making 1%/yr. People in desperate situations aren't going to be stopped from coming to the US because the Fed/WSJ/BLS says there is no market for their labor. Migrant communities are extremely resourceful because they likely have experience in finding opportunities that others would pass on. For a lot of people, decision making is based on which option allows them to just live another day; relative to their circumstances, we are exceptionally privileged to be able to make decisions based on the extent to which macroeconomic indicators impact our standard of living. With regards to the standing desk, I find that for me (5'11"), placing a tabletop on top of 2x IKEA Billy Bookshelves (41.75" H x 31.5" W) does the job perfectly; it easily supports a dual-monitor setup (1x 32inch, 1x 24inch). Add in a anti-fatigue cushioned mat for your feet, and you're good to go! They served together on the board of United Way; they weren't just random acquaintances. The social proof conditions necessary for Bill and Paul Allen to make their pitch to him had been satisfied both through their parents' credentials, social connections and the fact that they both went to Harvard. Not to take anything away from Gates' technical skills and business savvy. But this goes to the crux of a lot of startup stories. It could all have been very different if even one of those 'background variables' had been different and the meeting with IBM never happened. Even that test has limits though. Competive gamers all start off playing hours of video games a day, but playing competitively means sacrificing fun for grueling practice, formulaic tactics and very little experimentation; basically all the fun is sucked out of it. Theres a moment in the show "Silicon valley" when a programmer looks at an Agile deliverables chart and says "This just became a job". I think that would be the test. Can you endure the drudgery of daily grind and constant challenges and still want to go through with it? You won't know unless you try. Not just that, but he also attended Queens University, one of the best public universities in Canada at a total cost of almost zero due to his ctizenship. I believe he completed his undergrad studies at Amherst College, however. That is an oversimplification that assumes that markets are efficient and there is no information asymmetry and evrryone operates on a long investment time horizon. If Warren Buffett and I both invested in Goldman Sachs in 2008, I would have to base my decision based on quarterly earnings reports and my guesses on the direction of Fed's monetary policy. Buffett on the other hand would be invited inside the Goldman boardroom and likely told of the company's situation without the sort of CFO doublespeak that occurs during an earnings call. >It's really cool to see the latest Windows Phones and watch them plug into a keyboard, mouse and monitor and bam you have the FULL version of Microsoft Office apps and a Windows 10 like desktop. Cool maybe, but what would be the use case for this? If people think they'll need full Office on the go, chances are they'll take a laptop or Surface-like device with them. Right now they will need their Windows phone as well as a MS display dock, keyboard and mouse, and it will still all be useless unless they are able to find a monitor to plug into. Every workplace or airport lounge I've been to with a PC monitor has VGA/HDMI cables locked in place, and unremovable without a key or without cutting plastic ties. It has been available on Mac OS since 1989 and there is a browser-based version that is freely usable with a Microsoft account. I think you should check your facts. >Half of Colgate Social Science majors are in the top 5% of income earners? I went to a New England liberal arts college, like Colgate, and the most popular major at my school was Economics, which is categorized as Social Science. Most of the Econ graduates went for jobs in management consulting or investment banking, as those companies would come to recruit on campus, and tend to already have a solid number of alums working there to begin with. In fact, Dick Fuld, the ex-CEO of the infamous Lehman Brothers investment bank, was a trustee on the board of my school, and hired many alums, as did Goldman, Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse, etc. For banking jobs straight out of undergrad, you don't have to have a deep understanding of quantitative finance. It's more about having a soiid GPA, a demonstrated interest in the topic and interest in learning, and the capacity to work very, very long hours. The problem with "tablet" magazines are that they force publishers to pick one tablet to optimize for. There is no equivalent to responsive web design in the magazine sector. So what you end up with is content originally designed for a 4:3 10" Retina iPad, but also available via the Play Store or dedicated magazine app on form factors where it has no business being, like an 8" 16:10 Android tablet, where you have to zoom, pan and scroll to see the whole page. It is enormously inconvenient, and I would guess most people just end up going to the website, which in most cases is responsive and will likely work well on a tablet, laptop or phone. Magazines on mobile devices should offer the same level of comfort and convenience as their physical equivalent. I would love to swipe through pages like I do on my eBooks, as I find scrolling through text every few seconds to be a hassle and visually disorienting, especially for long-form reading. I'm happy to continue to subscribe to physical editions of my favorite magazines, as the mobile experience doesn't offer nearly enough at this time to be worth my while. Not just that, but Yahoo Finance's data download capabilities were a godsend for students like me in the late 2000s. No sign-up bullshit, they just let casual web users download enormous stock price data sets in CSV format. Very useful for my finance classes or econometrics term papers. I was fortunate to have access to a Bloomberg terminal at my school, but Yahoo Finance's efficient combination of displaying key metrics, historical prices and company-related newsires all on one site, navigable from my bedroom, was immeasurably valuable as well. Pregnant women are screened out during the visa interview process to prevent this from occurring. It's not perfect, in the case of individuals receiving multi-year visas, but those are only provided to individuals who have spent significant time in the US, or have family members who are citizens. Also, a baby born in the US to a non-US citizen parent does not automatically confer the parent with citizenship or permanent residency rights. In the case of "anchor babies", the child usually will not have the right to sponsor his parents for residency until they are 18. Agreed, this just seemed like a bird's eye view of things. I've read accounts elsewhere that included recollections of actual conversations, including the words and tone that were used. That to me is more relevant as it provides context for what it was actually like. iTunes is certainly awful to use, but the interesting part of that story is not iTunes itself, but the work and negotiation that had to happen to license music from all the major labels to populate the iTunes marketplace. Sony had a huge first-mover advantage in that space (their own global music label, movie studio, video game console AND the Walkman brand), but was too busy forcing its disparate businesses to compete against each other. The end result being that they completely missed the boat on the then-nascent digital music market, and less than 15 years later, have spun off most of those brands and hardware-wise, Playstation aside, are limited to making (very nice) camera sensors for iPhones. I've always thought that engineer blogs tend to use this Paul Graham 1990s CSS styling as a sort of "content-first" badge of honour. >What makes the parents of an anchor baby more deserving of citizenship than a person who worked hard, went to school and developed skills useful to the US? I can't say, as I didn't write the laws. My guess is that US immigration law is designed to limit skilled immigration because educated Americans in white collar jobs can raise a bigger stink politically about H1B competition in high-wage industries than working class Americans can. As a foreign student who completed his undergrad education in the US, my student visa interview required me to show evidence that I would not try to use the F1 student visa to transition to H1B or a different visa class that can be linked to a green card application down the line. This is standard policy, as my friends who're also US-educated had the same questions during their interview. It's also difficult to enforce because once you're in the country and have completed your education, you can be recruited by a company who will sponsor your H1B, at which point the ICE will evaluate it as they would any other H1B application. So the whole rigmarole seems pointless to me, but that is bureaucracy for you. > I disagree. I do not think Kanye/Reuters/Trump/Chipotle/Intel would bat an eye to pay for the privilege to get a message out to millions of users. Maybe, but it's not like substitutes don't exist. All of the big brands you mentioned maintain Facebook and Instagram pages (some have Snapchat as well) in addition to Twitter, and both of those have more users and a bigger audience than Twitter does. If Kanye or Beyonce or whoever deactivated their Twitter, it wouldn't be long before others followed suit, which could create a snowballing impact of regular users abandoning Twitter to follow people to "where the action is", so to speak. Part of why Montreal is still reasonably priced is because the French-language barrier to entry keeps a lot of jobseekers out. The vast majority of Canadians outside of Quebec and the Ottawa region do not speak French. Sure, they all took French in high school, but most wouldn't be able to hold a conversation let alone conduct business in the language. Perhaps in some types of jobs with a lax rules about French proficiency, it would be OK, but you are unlikely to find a job listing in Montreal that doesn't state a requirement or "strong preference" for high-level French communication skills. > Higher taxes should come with the benefit of more services Daycare services in the province are absurdly cheap compared to anywhere else in the country. The trend of foreign investment in the Vancouver market has been occurring well before the slide of the CAD. The immigration regime in Canada is much friendlier to foreign nationals, and especially so if they are wealthy. Until 2014, the federal government had an investor visa program that offered a route to permanent residence and citizenship in exchange for $800,000 investment (not in real estate) and demonstrable assets of $1.6 million. http://www.cic.gc.ca/ENGLISH/immigrate/business/investors/in... The Vancouver economy is not 100% tech, there are many, many businesses (logistics, banking, retail, etc.) that have no exports to the US. Can I ask where you are getting your data? >Canadian PR status is permanent.... and can never be revoked That is incorrect. It can be revoked if the PR does not remain in Canada for at least 2 years of a 5 year period after it was issued. After the 5 year mark, most PRs have already transitioned to citizenship. http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/helpcentre/answer.asp?qnum=727&... > I'm starting to just read the comments on HN and I don't even look at articles anymore. I suppose this behaviour is similar to what I do on social media. But this is pretty damaging, wouldn't you say? Not too long ago, I would follow several consumer tech blogs, and jump right into the comments, because the stories were increasingly page-view driven garbage that needed 8 separate blog posts of ~200 words each to describe one story. The comments tended to provide much more insight than the actual "article". With HN, (which I've been visiting for This article could easily have been titled "Not all MBAs are created equal" and needed no further explanation. "Business schools constantly boast about the network students can tap into. Don’t be fooled. Do you need to pay thousands to meet middle managers from industries that you have no interest in?" I don't know about UK MBAs, but a cursory glance at the employment reports of any US MBA school will provide the names of companies that come on campus to recruit candidates. This is the first thing any prospective MBA student should be looking at when they're creating their shortlist of schools. If you are looking to get into consulting, those schools should have McKinsey, Deloitte, Accenture and the like on there. If you're interested in technology, Amazon, Google, Facebook etc. should be coming on campus. For finance, Goldman, JP Morgan, etc. An so on and so forth. If those names, or other high-profile names aren't on the list, you may not get your money's worth. An MBA has never been about the quality of the education you get, but rather about name recognition and how much pull the school has with recruiters. This is common knowledge for anybody doing even an hour's research into whether an MBA is right for them. That's the biggest flaw of this write-up. The writer appears to have done little to no research on his program before enrolling, and considers his support officer saying "you should have had all the money sorted" to be some sort of cold-world realization, which is absurdly irresponsible when you consider how much an MBA costs. I don't like using the word "entitled" to describe people, but I have to wonder about the conclusions he reaches about his teammates who didn't speak English well. They ended up in management consultancies, while he, the heroic working man struggling to teach them English, is interning at the Economist, a position that usually goes to undergraduates. Perhaps he should stop to consider that maybe they got their jobs because they attempted to network more, or simply showed up to their interviews without a chip on their shoulder as this writer seems to have. The whole writeup suggested the writer had an enormous chip on his shoulder for some reason; turns out you had to read to the end to find out what it was. Honestly, it sounds more like he didn't get into a top MBA program, and is paying the price. MBA programs are like law schools; the cost-benefit hinges enormously on how well the program is regarded. In my mind, this isn't a problem requiring a complicated tech-based solution, but one that requires a mindset change. Community colleges have long offered the sort of "job-ready" technical skills related to using machine tools, auto and home repair, electric, HVAC, aka the types of services that cannot be offshored. But at least in America, public consciousness is still fixated around this Cold War illusion of the American Dream that necessitates a 4-year college education. America seems to prize entrepreneurialism, only when it's the white-collar, Mark Zuckerberg variety because of the promise of fantastic wealth; people running their own businesses in plumbing, home repairs etc. don't get anywhere close to that level of respect. To some extent, technology-based solutions are already in play, with hundreds of thousands of people using online resources to learn web development and other skills. The vast majority however are learning these skills to simply keep up with the needs of their job or the job market, as with shorter average job stints these days, employers won't find it worth their while to provide or pay for that type of training. Adblockers like Ublock Origin already block that Taboola/Outbrain crap. Sadly Chrome Android doesn't allow for these, so I use Firefox Android, which fully allow extensions, 95% of the time when I'm on mobile. I don't agree that that's the case. To me, region-restrictions for US content (the most popular worldwide) present a massive opportunity for content creators not based in the US to make something that is in fact truly globally available. While it's true that US TV and movies have been globally popular since the time of their invention, the rise of YouTube, Vine, Instagram etc. show that global audiences can be developed without needing to be US centric. Your comment "this awesome clip the world is laughing and talking about" refers to SNL, but there are examples of viral videos that didn't originate from a big-name US studio. "Charlie bit my finger" and "Gangnam Style" are two examples. I don't think it's too much of a stretch that English-language long-form content (30-60 minute series) can be developed without having a "Made in America" imprimatur on it. Danish crime shows are popular in Europe and the UK, while Korean dramas are extremely popular in East Asian markets. Indian cinema is also popular in the Middle East, North Africa and parts of Southeast Asia. A small slice of British shows like Made in Chelsea have carved out a niche in English-speaking markets like the US, Canada and Australia. I hope production studios large and small across the world are seeing this as an opportunity to expand past their borders rather than simply continue "Business as usual" under the protectionism offered with these types of restrictive licensing rules. 48% of voters voted against Brexit. Even with an all-British advisory team, how do you reduce conflict of interest without first checking that all advisors are not just British, but also voted in favour of Brexit? Did Verizon know about the data breach before they agreed to the deal? What were Yahoo's obligations (if any) to disclose these things to a potential buyer? A breach of this scale can't help but take a huge bite out of Yahoo's brand value and user trust. A friend recently recommended the 7-week tuition-free Data Science intensive program at Insight Data Science ( http://insightdatascience.com/ ). The program is specifically for PhDs who are in your position, aka moving from academia to industry. I believe the course is available in Boston, New York and remotely (not 100% sure of the latter). I'm in a similar boat. I studied Economics in undergrad, but I only have a Masters (in an unrelated field) so I didn't meet the critieria. I have had this enabled for a few months (basically as soon as I discovered it). The problem is that it seems to be working off of a static list of bots that is updated at intervals. Kind of like the need to update virus definitions on your AV software way back in the day. The end result of this is that instead of seeing referrals from "share.button.to" and the like, I still see them, just under a different name. Well most likely the oldest way would work best: go into business, make mistakes, build business acumen. If you're just starting out, I recommend reading business books that are good at explaining things like value proposition, market creation, etc, but also have a compelling narrative. One book I really like is "The Everything Store" that is a brief history of Amazon.com and the challenges they faced as one of the few high-profile survivors of the dotcom boom. Another I've enjoyed reading is "Losing the Signal", which covers BlackBerry's rise and fall, starting from its origins in the 1980s to its struggle to adapt to the consumer smartphone age. It's a great read because BB originally began as a telecom engineering company that developed a once-insurmountable advantage in enterprise communications. >I don't see how the world's ~sixth largest economy succeeding from the world's 1st/2nd largest is good for the latter. Seems clear to me. California, like Texas, has the largest concentration of Electoral College votes within a single state. While TX is reliably Republican, CA is reliably Democrat. Since Trump lost the popular vote by a large margin, a CA-exit would be highly beneficial to his re-election efforts. CA is obviously an economically important state and a CA-exit would be enormously disruptive to the US economy. That said, the impacts might not be felt by the time the re-election campaign begins. And even if they are felt by that time, the current state of American civic literacy, combined with the disproportionate size of older voter blocs is still enough to win elections by ignoring the reality of automation on jobs and blaming weak job markets on globalization, immigration and trade deals. This was in the Style section, so I suppose they have to humanize their subjects, even if the subject is a reclusive billionaire whose daily life does not even remotely resemble ours. I agree with the spirit of what this is trying to promote, but its target audience likely considers themselves to be "critical thinkers" already and feel its everybody else who needs this kind of course. That said, why does it have to be set up like a college course? Not only did looking at the site bring back memories of freshman year crit analysis courses, the way in which their proposed structure is laid out is completely out of sync with the way in which people absorb information today. Fake news is shared widely because it's easy and doesn't require much mental exertion of the sharer/reader. The people most likely to share this kind of provocative "viral" content do not even have a working common-sense bullshit meter. Yet the well-meaning people behind the course think they're ready move from 200 word blog posts with a black-and-white view of the world to college-level reading? I'd suggest looking at the UX/UI of an app like Google Primer (bite sized lessons on digital marketing) and see if that model can be applied here. Probably not Primer is designed to provide on-the-go info while this is designed as an actual college course. Serious accessibility concerns on that site. Unreadable on most mobile browsers. At least on desktop I have 'reading mode' and 'color invert' extensions. Plus, what is up with that incredibly thin font? I've only ever seen that use for a sub-headline on a product landing page. Never as the body text font. The story of their reaction to the iPhone is a bit more nuanced. It's fleshed out in more detail in the book "Losing the Signal" which is a look at RIMM from it's inception in the 1980s up to around 2013 when their market share had collapsed. Basically, both Lazaridis and Balsillie agreed that they should downplay the innovation in the iPhone when in public. Internally however, they were scrambling to build a competitor because Verizon told them to. RIMM's business was very heavily tied into US and international carriers and serving enterprise clientele, and none of them had asked for anything like the iPhone, so they just never bothered. For everyone on this thread saying "They should have done this years ago", they tried to. As early as 2010 some in the company knew that BBM could be huge as an independent. Then CEO Jim Balsilie spent 2011 trying to bring Mike Lazaridis (co-CEO; good decision!) and his team around the to idea of a cross-platform BBM, but they were dealing with the fallout from the BB Playbook failure around that time as well as significant PR issues due to BES server outages and public disclosure about providing the Indian and UAE governments access to BBM logs (or something like that). Lazaridis primarily didn't want to separate hardware and software, so he focused on building BB10 to compete with iOS/Android. Ballsilie resigned from the company in 2012 after the new CEO Thorsten Heins dumped the x-platform BBM and put all their energies into the launch of the already-doomed BB10 phones in 2013. More here: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/the-inside... A good book about the history of BB is "Losing the Signal". Covers the company up to around 2013. Adblockers have kept YT totally-ad free on desktop for years. I'm surprised Google hasn't found a workaround for this. I rarely access the Youtube app because of the constant ads; plus, I don't find the mobile experience to be as good as the desktop one. Nothing's stopping Google from simply charging people to access Youtube. The reason they don't do it is because YT offers network effects and user lock-in that have significant economic benefits. I trust that a large corporation with some of the smartest minds in the world working there would have changed the YT business model if they were worried about their bandwidth costs. Because Google today is Microsoft from the late 90s-mid 2000s; a million projects in every single possible market, with little to no unification across the commmon platform. Android OS alone has no less than 3 Google-made messaging apps: Hangouts, Allo and Duo. That's the Spotify strategy as well, at least when they're advertising their own premium service to free-tier users. They intentionally make the audio ads have the worst possible narrators and background music. And the Japanese post-WW2. Toyota was considered to be the poor man's Ford until at least the 1970s. Samsung and LG were mocked as artless copiers of Sony/Panasonic/Pioneer products as recently as the 90s. My LG Incite from 2008 running Windows Mobile 6.1 had an FM Radio, as did my HTC HD2 from around the same time. There were multiple Sandisk Sansa series MP3 players that came with FM built-in as well. I remember the iPod did not offer FM without a dongle, probably because they didn't want radio to compete with the iTunes Store. It's probably not that different now. Lots of Android phones today (carrier subsidized or otherwise), now come with Spotify, Tidal or Google Play Music pre-installed. It worries me that a regulatory body makes a public safety case for FM radio and won't even attempt to ask manufacturers to simply activate what is already there, in deference to "the free market". So now pushing for regulation is disrespecting "the rule of law"? Developments like this make me wish that "open-source" device+OS projects like Mokophone and Firefox OS failed to gain traction. That is how I read it as well. Something written with absurdly transparent levels of self-interest. After attending a recent hackathon focused on this topic, I came away thinking most of the solutions were emphasizing some kind of automated fact checking solution. I don't know if that alone will fix it. Fake news exists because people want to believe it, and are willing to lower their bullshit meters in order to use the article as "ammunition" in a political argument with their friends/family/Twitter egg. People aren't looking for "antivirus" tools to stop fake news; they're actively looking to share links that confirm their view of the world. It doesn't even matter if the link has a "wordpress.org" or "blogspot.com" domain. We live in a time when people don't even read the articles, they just look at the headline and jump into the comments to fight someone. To fight fake news effectively, perhaps we need to do a better job of uncovering why people apparently have so much time to spend on the Internet to argue with people they'll never meet. Perhaps while we're at it, we could also look into why we have a political system where legalized bribery ('lobbying') gives preferential access to the powerful. We're at the point where winning elections is based less on getting enough people to agree with your vision, and more on playing one group of disaffected voters off against another. I wish you luck, but I believe this is a people problem, not a tech problem. It's frankly quite shocking that Google's ad results are displayed with pretty much the same look and feel of their search results. Yes, the more tech-savvy among us will see the "Ad" button in gold, and those with ad-blockers won't see the ads at all. But just a few years ago, Google's ads would appear in a sidebar, clearly separated from the search results content. Not everyone is able to tell the difference today, and I think Google exploits this. I recently activated a new B2B website for an client and the senior manager was an older gentleman in his 50s. He never uses the browser address bar to navigate to websites, preferring instead to use the Google search box on his homepage. He sent me a panicked email saying when he typed in the new website's name, the Google search results showed competitors' names ahead of his. This was well after Google had crawled the site and it was showing up on the results page. As it turned out, he did not understand that the first few results he was seeing were ads. While he isn't a savvy user, I would wager that many, many people are similar to him in that they don't exercise good judgement when they're on the web and would easily be fooled into thinking that something like "proton therapy" is a cure for cancer because it's at the top of the search results. The difference with FB was that it rapidly shifted out of its "exclusive" user group by expanding outside of university email address holders to allowing everyone and their grandma from joining. Once Snap inevitably cleans up its UI to stoop to trying to attract older audiences, what appeal will it have? I used to have Windows Phone up until 2012, and can tell you that the Hubs things did not really work as intended, as changes to the Twitter/FB/whathaveyou API usually broke functionality. I especially remember FB messages taking hours to arrive sometimes...at its fastest there would be a delay of several minutes. So much for "instant messaging". At least back then you could still access messages in the browser. Blackberry also implemented the Hubs feature in its BB10 and Android devices, but again functionality is pretty limited, by design. IM is a big business, and the companies behind it aren't interested in your using them outside of their own app, as you'd be deprived of using "innovations" like Stories, GIF addons and emoji packs. Every discussion on Twitter on HN talks about UX issues like the threaded comment layout, as though these are what's responsible for driving away Twitter's audience. I think the simple answer is that you don't actually have to ever visit Twitter to know what Trump, Nicki Minaj, Drake etc. are saying. Whatever is said on a tweet will be screen-capped and re-reported on your favourite gossip website, news site, Instagram page, reddit, etc. That's what you get with a 140-character limit. Whatever you said or pic you snapped can easily be reproduced on a different medium in its entirety. This isn't 2010, when US smartphone adoption was growing exponentially and the "app economy" was in full swing. The majority of smartphone owners have had phones for a few years now and know exactly which apps they need on a daily basis, be it messaging, social media, games, note-taking, nutrition, transportation, etc. For everything else mobile websites are more than good enough to cover their needs I imagine. Had Microsoft's acquisition strategy been different, they could have significantly boosted WM's hopes. The lack of official apps for Whatsapp and Instagram on WP were user's biggest complaints by far. Facebook bought Instagram in 2012 and Whatsapp in 2014 for a combined total of $20 billion. In roughly the same period, Microsoft bought Skype, Minecraft and LinkedIn for a total of around $36 billion, the bulk of that accruing to LI's price. I get that MS is enterprise-focused, but those prices seem completely out of whack with what they actually got in value. Whatsapp, Google and Apple all offer built in video chat for consumers and LI's value to anyone outside of recruiting agencies is dubious. > It's a kind of wealth distribution, nothing more. If this is truly how you feel, why not try to add value for your clients instead of just taking the money and not contributing? I work in digital marketing and what I do, among other things involves: - conducting split testing experiments to evaluate which types of marketing copy or site UX lead to better conversion - evaluating client's web properties to improve SEO, things like semantic content layout, redirect types (301 v 302 etc), accessibility, logical information architecture - writing code for custom event tracking, implementing schema-based markup for better search engine discoverability - creating outreach campaigns via email, social and paid search channels, each of which requires has its own KPIs and require a fair amount of domain knowledge to implement and measure effectively - analyzing search trend data to figure out if the product copy language is similar to what users are searching for She could have, but that would be the response of a defensive witness. What on earth does FB have to be defensive about? Absolutely nothing will come from these hearings aside from "this is a complicated problem and we are trying our best" style responses. The shareholders certainly don't care and House/Senate representatives are terrified of even attempting to make a case for stronger oversight because of the risk of appearing "anti-business". > but once they realize it takes actual work to get this company from Elon's wild dream If what you claim was true, Musk is not good at picking people. CxO level hires are not people who managed to breeze through an HR phone interview, they are vetted by the CEO himself. The "property industry" is doing just fine seeing as how they are the ones selling top-shelf commercial leases in bulk to WeWork. "Success" for these types of companies is similar to their tedious "we can change the world" mantra in that neither have any basis in reality. They have racked up a $723 million loss and are on the hook for $4b in new spending, and yet they are a 'decacorn'. They are propped up through investment capital alone. No wonder they have to roll out these absurd claims of expanding into education, daycare and town-building. I agree, I personally think Amazon's site layout is hideous. I never spend time on the front page, I go straight to the search bar and then straight to the pics and reviews section of the product page. The product pages are often cluttered and ugly as well. I think the reason the design persists is because Amazon is basically the granddaddy of ecommerce and like Ebay, their old-school look is part of their brand identity. Sure, they'll introduce more and more ads as time goes on, but probably nothing truly dramatic as FB's news feed. I think it's "[search term' -pinterest.com], but I'd need to double check. GIS has started to de-emphasize Pinterest hits though, but for some queries like "furniture", there's probably still tons of hits from there. True,but I work in a UX role and for a moderate-to-large website, "good UX" means a basic responsive design with a logical information architecture and navigation that optimizes conversion (e.g. product purchases). Good UX is business-driven and businesses are often boring. I'm not a huge fan of this particular design but I do appreciate the effort they put into showcasing GSAP's capabilities. The web could use more interactivity and motion. The death of Flash and rise of mobile-first design seems to have led to websites where the only thing moving is the text/image content that's displaced once the ads on the page finish loading. Which is why there are so many braggy blog posts by engineering teams when they manage to build 60fps animations on modern browsers. I remember one article from Flipboard about getting native-like flip animations to work on their mobile site. They made it sound like they'd cracked cold fusion. Despite all of the improvements in browser support for JS/CSS driven animation since the glory days of Flash 10 years ago, the web seems more static and text/image heavy than ever. You seem to be linking the rise of ISIL to the Arab spring and ruling regime's corruption, without listing any related factors. ISIL was able to scale the way they did because they already controlled a good amount of territory in neighboring Iraq, which was in full-fledged civil war since at least 2006, a conflict in which the US spent significant amounts of the 'magic money' you mention. It's a good example for the audience he is speaking to. Everyone thinks of Jobs as a "creative", cut from a different cloth compared to tech CEOs of the time. It's easy to see his success as stemming from his refusal to do things the normal way. His barefoot hippy days at Reed and HP are also recognizable touch points of his early history, and covered extensively in the official biography, which no doubt was used as a source for this passage (of Newport's book). Of course the reality was more complicated; he was a deadbeat dad and needlessly perfectionist at times. But given the public image he created for himself, the Buddhism story is a good fit for the point the author is making. Only if they can restore the brand to its former household name glory. Time has been peddling awful, low-quality 'viral' content for years now. Their whole website, editorial voice and content quality need to be revamped. Hopefully it can be done. Journalism costs money to do well. > And all that "copy, art, offers, banner ads, ux, reporting, email marketing" hasn't worked that well for Evernote. But it has worked for companies like say, Airbnb, which in its inception was a glorified Craigslist, but today is the world's biggest "hotel company" by some metrics. I would wager there are just as many on HN in the "temporarily embarrassed millionaires" camp. They side against pro-labour practices, using many of the same arguments made by rich industrialists, because they feel it's only a matter of time before they themselves reach the top of the heap. District attorneys in New York state are elected, so prosecutors' KPIs are likely weighted towards convictions, especially if the AG ran on the ever-reliable "I'm tough on crime" platform. Voters will hear about the numbers of people jailed. Whether they were actually guilty of the crime is less important. > The internet is about freebooting until you hit a paywall. Just because something doesn't have a paywall doesn't mean the content creator intends for you to take his/her work with zero attribution. That's why those "Buy me a coffee"/"Donate to my Patreon" buttons exist. It's a way for the user to consume the information for free up front but have the option to support the creator. > Truly refreshing and reminded me of the attitude I saw more often in the early days of the web. Kudos to the author for that. Unfortunately, he has extended his well-meaning olive branch to companies built on the philosophy of Bill Gates' Open Letter to Hobbyists. I find Highcharts' pricing model to be pretty fair. It's free for personal sites and nonprofits so you can experiment with it as long as you need to before making a decision. For the paid licenses, I'd much rather pay a one-time fee than be on the hook forever with monthly fees. I don't see anything wrong with the letter; if you want to be paid for use of your software, that's reasonable. Gates basically expressed that he disagreed with the philosophy of the club. Nothing wrong with that. What's happening with Jguitar however is that a big tech player that exists because people pay for their software (iOS) setting a precedent where they're actively siphoning content outside the garden and feeding it back to users in their ecosystem, with no attribution or licensing deal with the creator. That's wrong, in the exact same way that homebrew Hackintosh machines built for sale are wrong. Seeing as how most corporate training videos still sit inside god-awful Flash or Java-applet based "corporate training" sites, and look like they were filmed in the mid-90s, I seriously doubt these poor employees are getting anything other than a basic stereoscopic video. Until megacorps like Microsoft, Adobe, Salesforce etc stop offering their bread-and-butter products on a fee per user per month basis, the whole automation thing is still going to need people to make it happen. The $1/yr thing was BS. The app never actually took you to a payment screen; I think it was "free for 1 year, $1/yr afterwards". The only time I have ever paid for Whatsapp was in the Blackberry App Store back in 2009, when it cost $3. > Instead, because people do not seem inclined to naturally believe that corporations might have ulterior motives People worship at the altar of success, and there aren't many relatively new companies as profitable as FB. That's not to say that these companies don't spend significant coin in pushing their inane message of "we're connecting the world" wherever they can. And mass media for the most part go along with it, mostly focusing on the stock price, rarely bothering to examine how FB makes its money and what tradeoffs that comes with. You might be interested in "Losing the Signal", a book about BlackBerry's rise and fall by Globe & Mail Journalists. It starts with Mike Lazaridis (the main BB engineer) adventures in repairing electronics in shop class in the '70s, to developing a lot of the communications technology necessary to launch the BB push email service. You could start simple by putting a rubber band around your wrist and pulling the the elastic band back and slapping it on your skin each time you're getting the urge. That'll help you become mindful about how often the urge happens, what time of day it happens etc. When I'm making a deal, I usually keep my mouth shut about it until every document that needs to be signed, has been signed. The Musk worship on here and the Internet in general has for too long overlooked his impulsive behaviour in the capacity of his CEO role. I can't be the only feeling a bit depressed that these highly valued companies are still in the "maximize eyeballs for advertising $" business. $75 billion for finding a way to keep people browsing low-content crap for longer. I'm certainly not singling out Chinese companies for this exact thing is the cornerstone of FB's business model and they're one of the biggest companies in the world. The infantilization of tech CEO culture could at least be explained by the ubiqiuity of college-aged founders. And yet I can't think of a single one that did something so obviously ill-advised, and tried to play it off as "it was just a joke bro". For a frame of reference, look at the difference in Zuckerberg's public statements as CEO today vs those he made as an obnoxious techbro CEO at age 20. Musk is close to 50 years old. Are we to believe a man of his age thinks a 420 reference would make his 30yo girlfriend laugh? Chrome is the biggest browser by market share and is maintained by a company whose entire business model revolves around tracking users to feed them ads. They have zero incentive to remove cookies. Same goes for Safari and Edge, even though they're not as dependent on ad revenue. This is a textbook example of negative externalities that can't be solved by market forces. That's where regulators should be stepping in. GDPR may affect Google's bottom line in EU markets (we are still awaiting proof as it's too early too tell). But seeing how the FCC dealt with the issue of net neutrality, I have serious doubts that they'd get anywhere near a consumer-first policy regarding Internet privacy. How many VC-backed startups were profitable before going public? Not many I can think of. Not any, really. That's why they push for growth instead of revenue or perish forbid, profits. It's easier then for the underwriter to create the pitch for potential investors. "Cash flow is negative but just look at those growth rates! Amazon made losses for 15 straight years,too yknow" For VCs, the IPO is the end, not the means to an end. For likely the same reason a cleaning service doesn't offer to show the customer what chemical mixture to use to clean an especially grimy tub or oven. The customer is paying for the convenience, not a tutorial, and the cleaners aren't in the "teach a man/woman to fish" business. I'm pretty sure he still doesn't. He just needs to boost the user numbers so the eventual takeover price tag isn't embarrassingly low. Likely because there aren't too many Economics majors on this forum (I am, BTW). From what I've seen on previous HN posts on economics topics, the discussion veers towards "Economics isn't a real science" variety, with the majority of the posts going back on forth on that comment, rather than the actual topic of the article. You can get an OK-quality condo for $400k, but it's definitely not going to be located in downtown or midtown. The condo fees I've seen however are unfortunately pretty high across the board, anywhere from from $500 to $900/month. London is approximately 2 hours driving from Toronto. Kitchener-Waterloo is similar. Only Hamilton is close to the 1 hour mark, and housing prices have been rising there as well. HN for me is still (touch wood) a relatively high quality discussion forum. That said, I could certainly do without: - Persistence of myopic and uninformed views about MBAs in tech and finance. No, MBAs do not get cushy jobs in top-tier firms because they know how to build a pricing model in Excel and look nice in a suit. Tons of MBAs have relevant industry experience, and they're there to work, not stifle innovation by implementing stack ranking or whatever in a frenzied rush to cut costs. - Comments on stories where a company commits wrongdoing: "I don't know why people are surprised, X has always behaved in this way. If you don't want [bad thing], then do [thing that inconveniences you but does nothing to hold the wrongdoer accountable]" - Elon Musk worship. I used to think it was just aspirational wealth worship, but now I'm starting to think people see him as a sort of Tony Stark figure, a misunderstood genius trying to save the world against all odds. Back in 2009 when Bing was new, it was laughed at by the average user, and initiatives to build a user base with Bing cashback deals were seen as an admission of failure from the people that brought you IE. Since then, Bing has grown significantly in search volume and ad revenue. While DDG likely can't reach Microsoft's market share as quickly, I see no reason why we it can't keep growing and help develop a competitive market for search options. I do think DDG needs to approximate some of Google's knowledge graph features, like displaying weather and sports scores in an easy-to-read mini dashboard. I think that'd be one way for people (like me) to add it as a bookmark and create the habit of entering search queries into DDG as opposed to Google. It's important for me to have a permanent digital copy of the music I pay for. The modern streaming services' subscription model doesn't allow for that. Worse still, rather than being a dumb pipe, which is literally what cyber lockers were, they now have to be a taste-making platform, a modern MTV trying to shape our preferences and stuffing ads anywhere they can. I find the music I want by reading community based sources like Last.fm, RateYourMusic, genre-specialist website, reviews on personal blogs, and magazines/web publications I trust (e.g. the Quietus). Thankfully sites like Bandcamp is still around, and offer a decent way to discover new artists and get DRM-free downloads, no questions asked. I did not know about this. I'm pretty inexperienced in this area, so I appreciate the heads up about that. Try going to a coffee shop w/ wifi if you have one nearby. See if you're more productive without having a TV in the environment. Note that you may just be tired after getting home from work, and turning the TV on may just be a cue for your brain to get out of "office mode" and into "home mode". Instead of turning on the TV when you get home, try putting your phone on mute, and meditating for 5 minutes. Pray tell, what did Reddit change to make r/all less fun for you? Considering the complete meltdown that occurred when r/fatpeoplehate was banned, I can't imagine much of value was lost. For those who don't remember the meltdown I'm referring to, for a few days after FPH was banned, its users brigaded every big sub and upvoted photoshopped pictures of Ellen Pao's face on to the body of a morbidly obese person. It was possibly the most childish form of acting out I'd ever seen. > r/all was a place to check the pulse of the online community. News rose to the top FAST. A pulse that has always depended on upvotes and downvotes, and thus has always been susceptible to being gamed. The reason subs like r/t_d were blocked from r/all was because they did this exact thing; their posts would receives thousands of upvotes within minutes of posting, yet the upvotes-to-comments ratio was always very low, meaning real people weren't engaging with the content as much as the bots were. > The general consensus has shifted to be much less like the pragmatic tech community (value in free speech and rights along with being a good person) to a virtue signaling group that values feelings over anything else. I hear this a lot, without much in the way of concrete examples. Each time the free speech issue gets raised, it results in angry redditors creating their own "virtue signaling" offshoot subs like "r/uncensored_news". Unsurprisingly, it attracts the most toxic members of the community until it consists almost entirely of hate speech, and the site admins are forced to ban it. And I say 'forced' because that's what it is; just because r/whiterights and other subs have been banned doesn't mean there aren't hate subs on Reddit still operating freely. The admins to this day still allow for a live and let live approach UNTIL a real-world event forces them to take action. r/incels was a growing community until the Toronto van attack for example. Very nice! I am getting an IndieHackers vibe from this (which is a good thing). I definitely think there's a need for a curated list of UX reads, so thanks for putting this together. I would advise against the dark background though, it makes things harder to read as your eyes aren't able to make out the grid of elements as clearly. Like the aforementioned IndieHackers, if you want to go dark, use a not-quite-black shade, like a dark purple or dark blue. I would imagine they have it in tax shelters worldwide because they can hire the best tax lawyers and accountants, those who work in firms that actively lobby to keep arcane loopholes open so their client fees keep flowing in. If the company is publicly traded, executives' acquisition or disposal of stock is publicly disclosed through SEC Form 4: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1512673/000120919118... In October 2018 (so far), Jack Dorsey redeemed 103,035 shares @ a rough average of $80, bringing in $8,242,800 cash (pre-tax). > If you want an example of why you can't whimsically tax businesses for whatever you want, When in the history of post-WW2 America has there been a situation where politicians have both the votes and the leverage to impose these kinds of frivolous taxes on corporations with the resources to fight them? The mere fact that "lobbying" in the US is not called bribery, like it is everywhere else, means that a local politician's spine is only as erect as the size of the cheque he gets for his/her 're-election efforts'. They work with the taxman to figure out a payment plan over time. Tax payments can be deferred under GAAP, and also by the IRS if the entity isn't able to pay. > Jack doesn't think that this is the "best" way to solve homelessness. Whats the best way, since clearly he knows about it, and why isn't he doing it? This is by far the most irritating thing about reading CEO's "success story" profiles. It's always about going to market with the MVP, because if you wait long enough to make it perfect, the opportunity is lost to a competitor. But when it comes to tax policy, the plan has to be perfect and not annoy anyone and anything less should be rejected outright. You're right, it's far from a perfect analogy. And the electoral cycle means that the tax might not be in place long enough for it to make a measurable impact. My comment was more about the way in which taxes are discussed in American political discourse; there is this implication of a rigid permanence, as though such policies can never be reversed. They absolutely can; as you pointed out, incumbents can lose to candidates who promise to repeal the tax. Regarding repairability, the mid-2000s Dell Latitude line (D600, D620, D630 etc) had similar repairability as well. I worked at my college's IT helpdesk back then and the repairs were easy to make for even student employees whose only reference points were the Dell Service Manual and a couple of training sessions. I am curious to know if that is still the case. He said "without the complicated stuff" and "Dreamweaver". Github Pages is all command-line and uses Git for file transfer, does it not? I think the OP is thinking drag-and-drop folders through FTP like good ol' Dreamweaver. It sounds nice in theory, but let's face it, a Linux laptop will not make money. In fact, because it is targeting such a narrow, "know-it-all" segment of the market, it will be nitpicked to death. - "Trackpad on Macbook Pro is better" - "LED 1080p screen. Why not IPS 2k screen?" - "Wanted one but the base config is awful and I'm not paying $____ for 16GB RAM and 512GB SSD" - "Why aren't they offering next business day support like Dell/HP/etc?" Burning Man is like the pilgrimage to Mecca for a lot of SV cultists. Saying no to an invite would mark you as a heretic who's just not a good 'culture fit'. > My generation grew up with TV shows like The Transformers that got kids to beg their parents for toys. But the addiction component wasn't built-in the way it is now. Everyone remembers "Saturday morning cartoons with cereal" because there was a set time and place for that event. After the episode ended, it didn't auto-play the next episode, or recommend 5 highly similar shows based on your "viewing history". Consider that "bingeing" is a commonly accepted term when it refers to consuming an entire season of a show in one sitting and companies like Netflix churn out TV shows with a focus on this "bingeability", because that's their differentiator compared to regular TV. I'm not who you're responding to, but I like this longread from the Verge about the specific design of slot machines that fuel addictive behaviour by users: https://www.theverge.com/2015/5/6/8544303/casino-slot-machin... Advertising to kids happens through Youtube and Instagram, not those ugly Adsense iframes that can be spotted a mile away and at this point fall under "banner blindness" for a lot of users. I'm not a gamer so I don't know much about Zelda, but the sort of hypnotic hold some Youtube/Insta personalities have on kids is astonishing. They will parrot their talking points, talk about them relentlessly with friends and buy whatever they're shilling, be it makeup, game guides, phone skins, what have you. It would be an issue if the cost of the project had a material impact on the company's finances. Usually the auditors work with the CFO to determine materiality. It goes without saying that stating a production capacity of 20k/month and barely making 10% of that, is more likely to be a material misstatement. You make it sound like Tesla's hypothetical private investors wouldn't have legal recourse if the CEO missed his production target by 96%. 86% of Tesla's shares are held by insiders or institutions. I don't know any retail investors that have the WSJ's ear, or think that a news article is all it takes to tank the stock. If you are a CEO who's partial to headline-grabbing stunts over listening to what your corporate counsel is telling you about what you can legally announce, then yeah, you shouldn't go public. > I’m not a lawyer, but I think Tesla has a lawyer, probably several, that know exactly how far company officers can go regarding making public projections. They can't do much if the CEO loves headlines and says whatever it takes to stay in them. What should Musk argue in his defense then? "My engineers are too modest about their abilities, so I took their estimations and multiplied them by 1,000, because I truly believed they could do it?" Apples to oranges. Theranos was never public, which is why they managed to escape scrutiny for years and "achieve" a multi-billion dollar valuation for a product that didn't even work. Tesla on the other hand has been public for a while and actually makes working cars. They are however strapped for cash and the CEO may have made material misstatements about production capability in order to borrow more money. Theranos' fraud seemed to be driven by simple greed. I don't think Musk is a fraudster, but his ego and immaturity is starting to overshadow what he's trying to accomplish. I would say yours is the edge case. For US users, when they see an on-screen message saying "There's way more features in the app", they go ahead and download the app, and soon forget they ever even accessed it as a mobile website. FB has deliberately hobbled its mobile site in slow increments over the years to drive the maximum possible number of users to the app. This came up (albeit regarding Instagram ads) at a Seattle conference I was at a couple of weeks ago. It was during a talk about the future of video ads. An FB engineer was one of the panelists, so an audience member relayed a story of him having a conversation about a product with a friend, and then seeing an ad for that exact product in his Instagram timeline. The Blackberry story is an interesting one. They kept growing in the aftermath of the iPhone through corporate sales because enterprise preferred the tight integration between BES and Active Directory, and they liked that BB phones could have nearly the same draconian IT lock-down policy as office computers. Even after growth stalled, they had a ton of cash to keep their operations afloat. But they burned up a lot of it in manufacturing the Playbook tablet, which was a big flop. Interestingly, Blackberry Messenger had 75 million subscribers in 2011, and had a similar cachet of exclusivity as early FB, when signups were limited to those with .edu addresses. CEO Jim Balsillie pushed for BBM to become a cross-platform software product, but his co-CEO wanted to focus on devices and security, and not build software for other platforms. We all know how that ended. this point was made in, of all places, an episode of Parks & Recreation in 2012 where the moderator at a political debate has to read out a typo-filled question posed to the candidates, and remarks mockingly "and this question is from Twitter, which is something we are apparently doing now". Honestly, I can't think of any suggestion coming from Twitter execs that would actually solve its usability issues, because they are still approaching it from the POV that Twitter is "bringing humanity closer" or serving some other kind of higher purpose. When all you have to do is spend 10 minutes on Twitter to realize it's full of political bots, crypto scam bots, humans with short fuses, and celebrities shilling their snake oil products. I remember playing boatloads of old-school Flash games in the mid-2000s. Never saw a single ad in-game. When Jobs wrote his "On Flash" open letter, I thought at the time he was pushing for a mobile-friendly equivalent of what Flash offered. It was years later I realized he was really only pushing to keep the walled garden "app store" the dominant distribution model for interactive mobile content, with Apple taking a cut of every dollar spent. I really hope HTML5 games sitting on simple websites go back to being a thing. I'd like to see more of this type of 'stress testing' of adtech networks, conducted by third parties, with the methodology and results made available to the public. Programmatic advertising is a black box as far as ad buyers and ad viewers are concerned. And it is exactly for this reason that companies can claim to have "machine learning based fraud detection systems" or whatever and have those claims go unchallenged. Vice didn't actually run the ads. They received approval from FB to do so. He is a billionaire married to a VS supermodel. At this point, he's more likely to squander all his money and make reality TV appearances to make ends meet, than turn Snap around. Reddit for me is an acceptable middle point between the community-specific vBulletin forums of the 2000s (largely deserted now), and modern social media. You can explore a wide variety of topics (like on social media sites) while keeping anonymity and a sense of community (in dedicated subreddits). When people say Reddit is 4chan-lite, I see where they're coming from. They're not signed in, so all they see is r/all, which has about the same quality level as the front page of Youtube. The trick to it is to install the Reddit Enhancement Suite browser extension and start blocking the subs that frequently post low-quality/hate speech/just plain irritating content. Block a sub from your home page once, it never comes back. Wish I could say the same for Youtube. I swear, you watch ONE Bill Burr standup clip, and your recs are suddenly full of "feminist gets pwned by redpill logic" and other "viral" garbage videos, each of which has to be manually set to "Not Interested". You're right, they must have been showing ads of some sort. I simply don't remember any; perhaps they weren't that egregious or so numerous that I would recall it ~13 years later. I know I didn't have any adblockers installed on my PC until at least 2010, so I must have seen them if there were any. > Regular people happily use their iPhones, Facebook, Uber, AirBnB... So when Uber circumvented the law to allow anybody to become a taxi driver, thereby hurting drivers who played by the rules, and the media reports on that, they can be safely ignored because they didn't interview a happy user of the app? Regular people happily use non-biodegradable plastic bags. Maybe the old media should hold off on reporting on its consequences until the oceans have been completely liberated of marine life. 10,000 data points is well within the range of what Excel can handle without needing PowerQuery. What type of analyses are you attempting? I wish it could be made more apparent to people that Twitter and FB are not mediums for communication, but mediums for marketing broadcasts. Everyone with a significant following (let's say 100,000) is selling something. Software, home goods, consultants with online courses, meme pages angling for a TV deal, something. Yes, you can still use it to communicate with a core group of people whose tweets you enjoy. You can also do that on Slack, Discord, even phpBB forums, all of which grant the user more permissions to use the tool as they like. > They went into the market and they chose. Who are you to second-guess them? The users are the ones second-guessing themselves. If all was fine and dandy on Twitter, there wouldn't be harassment mobs and people wouldn't be complaining. Decisions are not set in stone forever and aren't made with perfect information. What seemed like a good choice then may be sub-optimal now that users understand some of the design decisions that led Twitter to gravitate towards a marketing broadcast platform. 1) He's rich and directly benefits from the tax cuts. 2) The cuts to social services don't affect people in his pay grade. 3) He lives in a gated community and wouldn't be targeted for harm by the sort of people that are now emboldened to say the quiet part out loud. 4) He founded Palantir and wants to secure more government contracts 5) His experience with being outed by Gawker (completely unethical IMO) probably also led to him viewing "the media" as a monolithic force out to get him. No political party in the world supports "unfettered globalization". If that were so, WTO conferences would not drag on for years because countries were deadlocked over relaxing agricultural subsidies. > his political ideology is a hot mess of inconsistency That's what happens when you treat "libertarianism" as the immutable word of God. Doesn't translate to the way human society works. [flagged] Why are you framing your question as though there aren't 10s of millions of Americans who live somewhere between "billionaire" and "poverty level". They are the And unlike Thiel, they don't have access to accountants that can shuttle their cash away into tax shelters or lobbyists who will buy off politicians for peanuts to get them to vote for even more cuts. The Vanguard Total Stock Market Fund (VTI or VTSMX) increased 66% between Oct 2012 - Oct 2016 [1]. That's a 10.1% CAGR. Are you sure you "didn't gain anything to speak of"? [1]: https://investor.vanguard.com/etf/profile/vti Looked it up for Canada. 54% of all private employers are companies of 1-4 people. "Of the 1,167,978 employer businesses active in Canada, micro-enterprises (firms with 1 to 4 employees) constitute 54.1 percent of all private employers, which is the largest SME group." https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/061.nsf/eng/h_03018.html#table... The screen adaptations of Gordon Gecko, Patrick Bateman and Jordan Belfort's stories make me think that a lot changes between the time production starts on a screenplay and when the cinema reels roll off the assembly lines. Studio execs do test screens and decide to glamorize the debauchery to extreme levels and give it tons of screen time, because "that's what the people want". So at the end of the movie, you no longer merely empathize with the antagonist, but end up idolizing him. Why else do college bros know the "Greed is Good" speech by heart? Or Bateman's opening monologue in his apartment? I don't think it's as complicated as all that. I am in Canada and the truth is with 35 million people, you just aren't going to have giant companies with 10,000+ staff. Outside of a few companies in oil+gas, forestry, transport, telecom and banks, most companies can get by with a few hundred employees. Of course, some of Canada's globally renowned companies have faded too. Blackberry used to employ 14,000 people in Canada as recently as 2011, but they're probably about 20% of that size today. 1) Send a staff member from the target country to grease the wheels of the local government officials 2) If that doesn't work, bribe them outright 3) Take a piece of the gargantuan bond issue contract, do whatever it takes to get people to buy those pieces of paper, including cooking the books 4) Collect year-end bonus and absolve yourself of all responsibility after the deal is done. It's the same playbook every time. Greece in 1999, Libya in the post-Gaddafi era, and now Malaysia. Probably many others that I'm not even aware of. I'm scapegoating the audience. They're the ones lapping this shit up. Bateman, Gecko and Belfort (I'll throw in Tyler Durden here as well) were all cautionary tales, they are sociopaths you want to avoid, not emulate. But just the opposite has happened; they are revered by fans specifically for their lack of ethics because of how "badass" it came off on screen. Algorithms are trained by real world data. If Twitter claimed that it is 'impartial', it would be fundamentally false (you cannot create a perfectly representative sample, and god knows how many propaganda bots are pushing up their DAUs). Worse still, it would communicate to advertisers that if Twitter's algos can be gamed so easily, its user base is 'low quality' and not worth serving ads to. Author seems to have missed a big reason for why apps will continue to persist: they obscure data access permissions far better than browsers do. If you install FB messenger, Instagram, LinkedIn or whatever, you will be asked one time which permissions (location, microphone, contacts) you want to grant it, and most people won't even review the list before hitting Install. On the web, the browser dialog will ask you each time the app wants to access any of these things, whereas on the app, it'll quietly continue the use the permissions you granted it, and eventually you'll forget you signed off on them in the first place. Not to mention some particularly shameless actors will gimp their mobile web functionality to ensure you use their app at all times (FB, Airbnb, others). > Or, the mobile app experience is better, and the overlay link is a convenience For whom is it better? Me, the customer, or you, the vendor? I buy furniture from Wayfair's website, and browse on the site quite often. On the mobile site, I'm able to view products, add/remove them from a wishlist, and make a purchase. All from a browser with ad and tracking blockers enabled. Wayfair still puts a "Download the app!" popup on the site, even though it can see from my repeated visits and purchases that I primarily use the mobile site. I imagine it's because on an app, notifications are opt-out and tracking is continuous. > Tesla stockholders must be very, very optimistic about its future performance or about their ability to flip the stock to the next buyer while the going is still good. That reputation came about due to their notorious review of the Nokia Lumia 900 in 2012. The reviewer gave it lower numerical scores than the iPhone on various factors like ergonomics and camera even though the review text didn't imply that it was lower quality. That led to accusations of Apple bias, especially because of editor Topolsky's love of all things Apple back during his Engadget days. I think it's still their most-commented article ever. Appreciate you responding to this thread. Now that you're here: I love Pocket, but I feel the "Discover" feature could be greatly improved. I do find great articles in there, but you could spare your users some scroll fatigue by giving them more options on the Context Menu's "Hide This". Right now the options aren't great, because when I hit "It's not Relevant to Me" on yet another Medium.com article about Gary Vee and "the hustle", it doesn't seem to change the number of low-quality recommendations I get on this topic from similarly low quality domains like "forbes.com" and "huffingtonpost.com". Letting users filter out certain domains (like how you can filter subreddits using RES extension) would be a great way to restrict the "Discover" feature to high quality stuff. That alongside the original unfiltered, content (called "Top Reads" for example) would give me the best of both worlds. I hope you'll consider it! "10 ways in which billionaires pay attention to the right things". There, now your post has a Medium-worthy title. Nothing wrong with curating good quality design work and posting it for others to see; I'll probably come back to check out more of the feed. But why on earth is this listed on Product Hunt? This is a website with links to other people's content. A million sites with URLS like something.blogspot.com have done the exact same thing you have. What makes this a "product"? > just to publish something Every blogger knows there is no money in "content mill" style writing. they publish this pseudo-self help stuff to generate leads for their ebooks and training seminars. I'm not the person you're replying to, but here goes: It's not 2011 anymore, back when the mobile web was trash because companies maintained both a desktop site and a severly gimped "m.desktop.com" site. Back then you pretty much had to have apps if you wanted to capture the mobile market. Today, we have mature Add to Home Screen capability, GPS support, push notifications, widespread support for CSS3 hardware acceleration, PWAs, offline capabilities and much more. You can now make Uber and Lyft trips on the mobile web. That is a use case where I had previously thought I would always need to have the app installed. So with that in mind, why would I even want to open the dumpster fire that is Google Play/App Store in 2018? If it's a new company I haven't heard of, I am sure as hell not about to open the app store and download > 50MB on my data plan to check you out. Doesn't Apple tend to buy relatively unknown companies and fold their IP into their products? Beats Audio was the only major one I remember them absorbing, and was rebranded as Apple Music. But Beats had that upscale demographic and positive brand image that Apple covets so dearly, whereas Yelp feels very much like a bygone brand of the 2010s IPO rush (along with Groupon and Foursquare). Not sure Apple would be interested. They can just pay for the POI data. Why buy the cow when all you need is the milk? What you are describing sounds like a lot of work for not much payoff, and that's not what you pursue once you IPO. Yelp just became yet another "we sell ads" company, and that's not surprising considering that it was basically an online directory with reviews. The nature of how we browse the web has fundamentally changed since the days when Flash was king. What is the point of investing in a gorgeous website if the audience has moved over to FB/Twitter/Insta and are now acclimatized to scrolling through endless content feeds for a slight hit of dopamine. By Googling "cool sites", you've stumbled upon the crux of the issue. The site that ranks at the top is the SEO-optimized, but incredibly cookie-cutter, template-heavy Awwwards, which is a back-patting congratulatathon of creative directors at design agencies. So of course the websites featured are their own. I'm sure at some point they wanted to feature real client websites, but chances are those were mini-sites created for specific campaigns, and were taken offline after the campaign ended. > Not every website has to make money. They can entertain just by the virtue of being interactive. This is exactly how I remember the best Flash sites of the 2000s. They weren't creating interactives to drive some lead gen campaign, or sell their blockchain-based SaaS or whatever; it was made purely because it was cool and fun to use. Some portfolio websites for UI and FE developers still have this feel. > We did gain apps though. So I guess there's that. I get the sarcasm, but IMO, I'd rephrase and say "We did gain Codepen". Lots of cool visual stuff there, but I guess it would be mostly of interest to developers, and not the wider public. Still, I see stuff in Codepen daily that would never make it into a "production environment" because it didn't fit the CMS template, it wasn't responsive, or was using new tech like CSS Grid, or a multitude of the other reasons why websites stopped being cool. At no point did the author argue that your local bank's website should resemble one of the examples. It is an article about unconventional designs on the web, of course he is going to show the most out-there examples from his students. Personally I loved the cyberpunk feel of the Hacker News prototype, even though it's a usability nightmare. I like to view this stuff to engage my imagination and think about what's possible, not whether this design is ready to scale to millions of users. HN is basically a vBulletin forum from 15 years ago with less functionality. Metafilter and Slashdot are similar and their looks haven't changed much since they started. The HN Redesign probably happened because the API was easy to use by students and they wanted to experiment with "cyberpunk" style interface, for which a text heavy site like HN was perfeect. It isn't at all the type of site The problem is most companies are not interested in building rich native experiences. Amazon is a trillion dollar company and their mobile app is horrendous. They don't see it as a priority, it's just something that has to exist, like how companies have to write awful PR blog posts that nobody is reading. For me, the "add to home screen" means the PWA launches in fullscreen without any browser chrome and that helps the experience a lot. My home screen gets a tiny bit more cluttered but that's an acceptable tradeoff. Well, people pay for Lotus Notes so a user-centrix UX helps customer retention and reduces the burden on customer support. The modern crop of "addictive" apps are usually free so having "time spent" as a KPI helps bring in ad revenue, which is good for business. > i wonder what he thinks about the future of tech Have you watched SV? Season 1 ends with TechCrunch Disrupt, where founders nervously stammer on stage about how their "mobile-first, local-first social media network" will "make the world a better place". TBBT is not a "parody". It is your standard-issue broadcast network sitcom about 3 males, 3 females and their friendships as they date and break up with each other, marry each other and have kids. This is a successful premise that has stood for decades in American TV. Friends and How I Met Your Mother followed the same principles almost to a tee. That's how you get a show that runs for 10 seasons in this day and age. Pointing out that TBBT's parody is poor is like saying Will & Grace did not portray a representative picture of gay urbanites. Aside from the completely overused line "Hello IT, have you tried turning it off and turning it back on again?", the show has almost nothing to do with IT. Apart from a couple of IT-related plotlines, most of the episodes take place outside their office. You can use a prototyping tool like Invision UX and create different different storyboards (screens) to show different parts/features of the app, then link them together to create click maps. Invision can stitch these together so you can hand someone a phone/tablet and they can navigate through it as though it was a working site. In terms of iterating to different browser viewports etc, you are talking about testing working HTML code, not mockups. Try to limit the number of device types you're optimizing for (e.g. 2 phone types, 1 tablet type, 1 laptop type), and create responsive breakpoints using their screen width/height measurements. Depends on the page design and target user. For lengthy, multi-section pages, a "Back to Top" can be helpful, but it'd be better if there was a fixed Table of Contents with links to the sections of the page. Otherwise, I always have the Home/End buttons. On mobile, page should be designed such that the button is easy to reach, visible and not blocked by or blocking the text. For a button placed on the bottom right of the page, the body content should be set up so there's a little extra padding on the right. This way, there's a clear visual separation between the text and the button. Disclaimer: I went to a Toronto bootcamp for evening Javascript courses. I work in digital analytics, which doesn't involve any development, but the JS knowledge did help for debugging things like Google Tag Manager. Bootcamps sell the exact same dream to everyone, so it can definitely be hard to separate the signal from the noise. If you're 18yo and not sold on college, definitely attend a bootcamp. Maybe you'll get hired as a freelance web designer (probably not as a "developer" without more project experience). Worst case, you don't have any offers, but you are much clearer about what to pursue in college. That clarity could add several points to your GPA, so it isn't exactly worthless. If you're "re-training" after several years in the workforce I'm not sure the model works as well. Bootcamps focus their employer relationships on small shops that are open to hiring very green devs, and probably for well below "developer" salaries. Would the 40yo in your cohort be OK with that? IMO, learning technologies and platforms is going to have a better ROI than bootcamps. A lot of people join them because they think the tech industry is completely closed to them if they can't solve FizzBuzz or don't know React. For a lot less money and time, you could pursue certifications for say, Salesforce Admin/Marketing Cloud roles, where your prior experience would be helpful, and not a handicap because it didn't come in the form of a CS degree. Don't get me wrong, motivated and hardworking people will succeed at a bootcamp. But there will be some who, halfway through the program and several thousand dollars poorer, realize that front-end development isn't for them. > It's management's decision to get as much blood out of their workers as possible. Isn't this why the majority of SaaS products these days are about delivering ultra-granular analytics? We already use them to maximize purchasing behaviour from consumers, so why wouldn't we use it to maximize worker productivity, aka squeeze as much output out of the workers per unit of input as possible? > humans are competitive (and also cooperative). we like to know how we are doing, and gamification facilitates that That was already known via driver ratings. No one considered that "gamification" because it's a basic KPI. The "lab rat" aspect of this comes into play with some computer-generated BS "challenge" like "“Complete 34 rides between the hours of 5am on Monday and 5am on Sunday to receive a $63 bonus.” In videogames, this is called "grinding", aka gaining experience points doing tedious, repetitive tasks, in order to proceed to the next experience level. The difference is, video game players aren't doing something that requires the same level of attention and duty of care as a car driver. Offering a PDF/Ebook with good content (one hopes) in exchange for joining an email list is Lead Generation 101. The book is a runup to a paid course he is offering. "Pay $1 to access this file" OR Sign up for email sends confusing signals to users. To the author, book is not worth $1, it is worth one email list signup. To the user, the book's value is entirely relative. They can offer up their email (positive value perception), or they can leave the site (zero value perception). > I'm also amused by vendors (often start-ups) releasing PRs about being listed in a Gartner Hype Cycle report. It's outside validation, which to a prospective customer is more useful than those "content marketing" pieces these companies put out, which are usually thought pieces about problems in the target industry. Of course, they make sure to liberally sprinkle references to their own SaaS and how cheap and easy it is to switch from your existing BI/CRM/cloud solution. Google's own websites use Material design guidelines extremely sparingly if at all. Material Design is most commonly seen on Android apps, and that's usually because app developers aren't interested in customizing the look and feel beyond the bare minimum. There likely won't be a tipping point, exactly. When a company pulls in billions every quarter, you can shutter the service tomorrow, and still have enough capital and enough user data to enter a completely different business, like surveillance, facial recognition and security. Don't be surprised if Zuck starts to openly court the Chinese government to build surveillance tech. The current state of affairs in the US is such that leaders are openly saying "my values are for sale as long as you have money". FB is a data behemoth, with both profile and shadow-profile info of billions of people. They will continue to make money by exploiting that data. People will eventually stop using FB, but many will move their activity to Instagram. Plenty of people don't use FB or IG, but do use Whatsapp, another FB company. without GDPR-style regulation, FB's influence will continue to loom large unfortunately. Brainstation is a web dev/data science bootcamp. This article is not written to speak to you, it's written to market Brainstation as the reader's ticket to a big $ career in Toronto. Hundreds of people move to the city daily as job opportunities are not as plentiful outside the Greater Toronto Area. These could be international students, fresh college grads, people looking for a career change, etc. They've heard of blockchain and AI just enough to worry that they'll be left behind if they don't join "the tech industry". So of course Brainstation will mention AI and Blockchain. These articles are lead generations pieces for their training programs. For SEO keyword purposes alone, they would have mentioned it. Advertising agencies have long been outsourcing work to Canadian companies. The ad/media/comms industry is highly consolidated, where a few large companies own a bunch of small agencies and move projects around. The motivation is what you'd expect; lower costs, but same time zone, English-speaking, familiar org culture. Surprised there hasn't been more of it in the tech space as yet. I keep hearing that the future of software dev is microservices, so if that allows for more remote work where teams don't have to collaborate as closely, I could see growth in development outsourcing. Think that's bad? 10 years later, they turned down a $40bn acquisition offer from Microsoft. I had the same issue, and I believe it's tied to UI/UX. Signal, at least on Android, looks like a stock SMS text app. That turns "normal" people off because it looks and feels different from a "messaging" app like Slack/Messenger/Whatsapp etc where doing stuff like group chats, attaching video/audio/images is easy. When people see a standard SMS text interface, they feel it's for one-to-one communication only with limited multimedia capabilities (remember MMS?). "Amazon never trained us in how to communicate with associates. We weren’t trained to be understanding of their struggles or communicate with them. It was all about mechanics." I wonder if part of the reason a military vet was hired for the floor manager's job was the expectation that they'd act like drill sergeants towards the employees, while the tracking systems acted as a real-time sword of Damocles-type apparatus. > Amazon has no problems finding workers, or else they'd pay $30 an hour. There isn't a market solution for every problem. Labor rights abuses are rampant in apparel manufacturing. Are those problems "not serious" enough because people continue to pursue employment there? How is the battery life now? I'm considering buying a used one online if I can find it and trying out the Ubuntu builds available now. Also, did Ubuntu come as the default OS, or was it an Android phone onto which you installed Ubuntu? Yeah, the bigger thing would be those Facebook pixels which are invisible to the user but lets FB track wherever you go on the web and ties it back to your account, as you're still signed in. You're not alone. Over the past few years it feels like I have been getting my content "fed" to me via Reddit, FB, IG, etc, when a decade ago I'd always be finding cool new sites via my own Google searches and through a small list of RSS feeds. I think what's happened is that the biggest sites figured out what it takes to rank on Page 1, be it keyword-stuffing blog posts or whatever. The "interesting" sites I liked didn't update as much, so they fell down the rankings. It's extremely apparent when a site is SEO-optimized, and for me that turns me off, especially if the area is a niche topic and not well served. If it's something like a reliable way to unclog a toilet, I'm not picky, the most popular search result is probably the one I'm looking for! The marketing for Android tablets is such that most people associate it with sub-$100 7-inch screens with awful quality, suitable only for keeping a 5-year old entertained. That's actually not all that off-base. Aside from Samsung and Huawei, I don't think there are any recognized companies even building large, high-res Android tabs with Pen support. And even Samsung seems to be doing it ceremonially to compete with the Surface Pro and iPad Pro, both of which I'd guess sell far better than the Galaxy S3 tablet. Even so, I doubt there would have been a movement towards using Android tabs as full laptop replacements. I'm an Android user and at no point did I think I wanted to use it for work; I got a Surface Pro, which is much more suited to that task. I work at a major community development charity in Canada with 100+ branches across the country. Almost every day, I have to log into Google My Business to reject the "user-suggested edits" made to a particular location's phone number or street address. Half the time, it seems Google auto-approves these user edits, so we get complaints from clients who used the Google info and showed up when the office was closed. Almost all the time, people will see the address/number listed on Google's search engine snippet, which is larger, has an image and is much more conspicuous than anything else on the screen. They'll make their plans around that, instead of clicking on the #1 search result, which is our website showing the official hours. It's incredibly irresponsible for Google to let any Tom Dick and Harry make changes to this type of information, and then display it to the world without posting so much as a disclaimer to users to verify with the actual site. Amazon tablets run their own brand of Android with their own app store, do they not? Maybe things have changed since the original Fire tablets launched. I don't know how dominant those tabs are outside the US. In any case, I didn't mention Amazon as the Fire line these days is more of a way to lock people into their ecosystem of Prime video and music, rather than a "do whatever you want" style tablet. > The best option is to let uncompetitive businesses fail and concentrate on things the private sector can't do well. This is such an Economics 101-style response, I'm not even sure how to address it. When the plant stops production, it's not only the 2500 people who lose their jobs, it's also the auxiliary economy of parts suppliers, logistics networks and food and drink businesses that are affected and may have to shut down as well. That creates a negative multiplier effect that pushes economic activity down further. Not to mention the long term impact of lower tax receipts, lower property values. You can't snap your fingers and replace the underpinnings of an entire community overnight via the magic of the "free market". Another company will only accept the costs of relocating there if the government starts offering tax incentives and the like to make it worth their while. I agree that we need a better system, especially when companies can simply move when it's convenient. But manufacturing is a strategically important industry and governments are willing to pay to keep that industry at home. I'm sure he'll tweet something that appears reasonably compassionate, half-suggest a solution, enjoy the resulting media speculation, and then move on to the next thing. For the benefit of non-Canadians readers, I should mention that the Ontario minimum wage only went to $14/hr starting in 2017. Before that, it was $11.40/hr, which isn't much more than the $10.25/hr people were getting in 2010. The "hate" you speak of occurs on online comment sections only, and is likely a reaction to the sometimes cult-like devotion professed by his admirers. This devotion is also fueled by Musk himself, who invests in positive PR (just look at any submission from Elektrek on this forum) and pretends to be a nerdy everyman on Twitter to appear to be "relatable". Perhaps to his admirers, it seems like he's"just trying to help" when he proposes submarines for the Thai cave rescue. To outside observers, it looks like a cynical attempt to capitalize on the publicity around the rescue efforts for free. It's gauche when a normal person does it, and becomes in extremely poor taste when a billionaire with real resources does it. Comments of the "He's trying to save the world, can't you see?" variety mix freely with the "this is a conspiracy against Tesla by big auto/big oil" comments that pop up anytime bad news is reported. At the end of the day, neither Elon nor Tesla are hurting because of online comments. Interesting idea. There could be a lot of benefits for this kind of matching service. I imagine people who feel burned out at the 80% mark would enjoy working with others to complete their project. Perhaps the person helping them is also at 80% on their own project, and the act of helping someone else motivates them to push through and finish their own incomplete projects! Agreed. There is the temptation to jam animations into every screen because of the fun novelty effect. But the ultimate effect on your users would likely be visual strain and no small amount of irritation. I wish more of the web had animations, but sometimes it can take a designer's eye to know how to use it effectively. What happens in practice however is similar to when a college freshman discovers transitions and animations in PowerPoint. Amazon has used 3rd parties for a long time, but they weren't shoved in your face as "Sponsored Results" until maybe a year or so ago? Honestly, it makes shopping on Amazon feel more and more like a flea market. I especially don't like how Amazon now obscures the source of the product by emphasizing the "Prime Shipping Available". I find myself having to manually look to see if the product is sold by Amazon, or merely "Fulfilled by Amazon". It's honestly an ugly experience these days. Is it worth bringing down your UX to Ebay/AliExpress levels for a little more growth? Fair point. My comment about Ebay had more to do with the weird split they had between "Bid Now" and "Buy it Now", and the confusion I faced when searching for a product and having to look at both the price AND shipping. This was because Ebay took their cut off the sale price, not the shipping cost. So sellers would reduce the sale price and jack up the shipping rate, which is where they made their margins. Haven't bought anything on Ebay in years, so I don't know if they cracked down on that practice. How could they have called it an Xbox phone when they didn't have any AAA titles to launch with? I had WP7 back in the day when it seemed like IOS, Android, WP and WebOS could all share the pie. It didn't even have a file manager, something Androids came with on Day 1. This reminds me of an episode of the '90s sitcom Frasier. In S05E24, "Sweet Dreams", Frasier (a psychiatrist who has a call-in counseling radio show) gets fired after refusing to voice a radio ad for a tea that guarantees happy dreams as it veers too closely towards medical advice. That's TV though, and Frasier was written as a character with high professional integrity. Real life isn't so cut and dry. Some Doctors already have a shady relationship with pharma companies. Given everything we know about how FB makes it easy to advertise to targeted populations (in this case, desperate people and the extremely naive), I can see this becoming a problem 5 years down the line when these students have completed residencies and are full-fledged doctors. I thought the same thing. I like the typography and layout of the site overall, but they should consider changing the color of the link underline. If you succeeded, your underhanded tactics suddenly get re-framed in the press as fearless audacity and keen business acumen. If you failed, your underhanded tactics become a cautionary tale, and a reminder of why it Typography does matter, especially in a time when "websites" are links I click on via a HN/Reddit/Twitter link and usually never visit again. Very different from even 15 years ago, when I pretty much only visited sites on my bookmarks list. For sites that have visibly attractive, readable typography, I find myself wanting to stay on the site longer, if maybe just to explore some more content. That usually doesn't happen on most sites, since you can tell right away that it's a CMS template where the defaults weren't changed at all. Right away I get the vibe that the content on the site is mass-produced, and not a good use of my attention. Sites that invest in good, unique typography on the other hand make me feel more like the content matters. In College, I bought the Indian versions of my Econ/Finance textbooks on Ebay. Exact same content down the sentence, just in a plain cover and probably 25% of the college bookstore/Amazon price. There's a 2014 episode of Parks & Recreation (set in 2017) where Ron shoots a delivery drone from a fictional company called Gryzzl, because it was flying over his property. How on earth would drone delivery work in a country where there are more guns than people? And for places where there aren't that many, there are plenty of pranksters that would happily try taking one of these down to reignite their failing Youtube channel. That'll be reserved for members of Prime Platinum. CEOs and executives are the closest equivalent of royalty in the United States. Their media coverage is often hagiographic as a result. They are humanized and puffed up in the press to an extent that foreign press would never think to do about business leaders in their own countries. Inch upon inch of columns are dedicated to their morning habits, favourite TV shows and fashion choices, and other fluff content to make them "relatable" to the average joe/jane. This is especially magnified when it comes to SV execs because they wear hoodies and tshirts instead of bespoke suits. And that's what leads to reactions like "I can't believe he'd be so callous to users", as if the person in question is a hard working bootstrapper and not a billionaire looking to maximize market share and profit. Let them howl. When they've been involved in shady stuff that's against the public interest, I will have no sympathy for them, just as I don't when FB is the "victim". I am glad they didn't decide to sit on it because of any fears about "I don't want this happening to me, so I won't snitch". By the way, these emails were not obtained via hacking/phishing, so the Wikileaks comparison doesn't make any sense. Try Millionshort.com By trimming the top 1000 results, I was able to find some truly random websites that just happened to have a deep archive of interviews of a band I was looking up. All interviews were from '80s magazines, pretty much all defunct now. Had I stuck with Google/Bing, every top search result would either an eCommerce store, Spotify artist page, Allmusic, or a snarky Pitchfork/Vice piece about them from the 2000s. For this search, Spotify, Pitchfork and Vice were at the top of the search results because they are SEO-optimized This means that Google/Bing search will show the links from the domains that perform best under their page rank algorithms. Since Pitchfork and Vice are domains with a high number of backlinks and lots of active traffic, those were the ones that rank the best. Given that so much of web content is just rehashing what was orgiinally reported/said somewhere else, finding niche content is going to be harder and harder. The demise of Geocities (in 2009, much later than I imagined) has caused a mass migration of these types of sites to places like Tumblr, whose search functionality leaves a lot to be desired. The type of site the author is discussing began to disappear around the time "blogs" entered normal people's vocabulary, and the commercialization of Internet content really began. I remember the 2004 US Pres election being all about "the hottest blogs", which had Washington insider information the major media outlets didn't have. Once "blogging" became a business (ad-supported), quality collapsed as the KPIs were now pageviews and clickthroughs. This caused a a shift away from creating content for content's sake. 15 years ago, someone may have posted an in-depth technical article for no other reason than to share knowledge. Now, that article would be posted on Medium.com in a gimped form, as a lead-in to their 10-hour video course on that topic. The early period of Twitter briefly brought the "weird web" back, but once brands and businesses descended upon it, it became all about retweets and follower counts. Quality nosedived as a result. I see; now that mass unrest has reached the doors of the rich world, social media is a serious problem and requires immediate regulation. I don't recall any such hand-wringing during the 2011 "Arab Spring", itself a darkly comical title given what later unfolded in Libya, Egypt and Syria. Back then, the narrative among western governments and press was that Twitter was a beacon of hope, allowing free democratic expression in dictatorial regimes. Not a word about the potential for bad actors to leverage the power of such networks to create political instability so they could take the throne. > "We have lost sight of the fact that a recession has cleansing properties, helping to right the wrong of the billions of dollars allocated to bad businesses while getting people refocused on investing in profitable enterprises." If this were true, loss-making companies would never IPO. There is such a thing as a normal boom and bust cycle. The "bust" portion is the recession, the hangover after the bull market effects of the US tax cuts have petered out. Prior to Bandcamp, the only other times I can recall paying for digital music was for an obscure album on emusic.com, probably around 2007. The UX of the site and the app are really conducive for discovering new music, and fortunately the audience of BC is such that you wouldn't see a musical equivalent of Pewdiepie or Logan Paul shoehorned into your recommendations. And I especially love that "supporters" (buyers) are the only ones who can post comments on album pages. Keeps spam/trolling/abuse to nearly zero. Of course, the flip side of that coin is the feeling of doubt around how long a service like this can last without hitmakers that bring in larger audiences and revenues. Album artwork can be really artistic and look great hung up in the home. Back in college, I would scour Ebay for "album release posters", which would be 36" x 24" in size and designed to be hung inside music stores. Seeing as how such stores are all but gone today, I'd like to see Bandcamp helping bands produce merch like that. Let the artists provide the artwork, while BC handles the printing and shipping to customers. Well, it is a 3 pound laptop in a gargantuan 17-inch form factor. At that weight class, I wouldn't expect it to feel particularly solid. The biggest sites that are ad-dependent are in the digital media space, and they are undergoing a culling like never before. Mic.com and Mashable recently sold at distress sale prices, and Buzzfeed and Vice are also struggling to meet revenue targets. > The truth probably is that most websites would fail if users had to pay for them. I agree with you here, but the implication of this is that if the user isn't willing to pay for it, and ads aren't enough to sustain the business, maybe they should not be in that particular business. Or, they could try to rise to the challenge and build a brand people are willing to pay for. The Guardian in the UK recently hit a million paying digital subscribers, so it's certainly not impossible. Most sites do not need a million subscribers to make payroll. Ever heard of the HN "hug of death"? Sites load slower if there are a high number of concurrent connections at the time you're trying to visit. Android phones sold in China don't come with Google Play Services or Chrome. Even my Canadian Samsung Galaxy S7 used Samsung's "Internet" as the default browser app, although Chrome did come pre-installed. But otherwise, you are correct. For most Western markets, Android phones give Chrome a big advantage. I do feel bad for the customers that lost money, especially those who paid up and didn't even get to Destination 1 before the company went belly-up. That being said, this sounds like a case of people who read aspirational Medium.com articles, getting got by the type of people who write those articles. A business model that offers you the chance to seamlessly jet across different countries, with your lodging and workspace already set up the moment you land? I would think the logistics of such a business would need more local staff, more money and more liability protection than what a few dudes could put together with their savings and personal loans. And yet, every election cycle there will be candidates complaining that the regulations are too burdensome and killing entrepreneurship. > because the rules are clearly defined and the same for everyone. The rules are the same for citizens and non-citizens? There is a reason why the Immigration lawyer AMAs on this site are so popular. There are millions of rural Chinese labourers that face daily document checks and discrimination from local authorities while working jobs in the city. I wonder what they would think if they came across this story and the worst thing that happened in it was that an American had to sell his upscale burger restaurant and complain about how unwelcome he felt in China. During the dotcom crash of the early 2000s, there were similar comments in the vein of "glad I studied finance and not this computer science BS". The world is cyclical; what doesn't make sense today, may be obvious tomorrow. Condoleeza Rice learned Russian in college because that's what made sense in her time, especially if you pursued foreign service work. As Sec of State in the 2000s, she probably never had to use it in any official capacity. Come 2016, and knowledge of Russia is important once again. That sounds a lot different from what's being discussed in this article. The article was more of a lament from mostly well-to-do Americans about how doing business in China is harder because wages went up in the decade since they landed. I used to think Jobs' Reality Distortion Field only worked on tech bloggers who loved Apple's story and narrative so much, they went overboard to praise their products, in spite of tone-deaf stuff Jobs would say in public like "You're holding it wrong". Turns out there were plenty of people right there at Apple who fell under that same RDF. Because the majority of the coverage about him has been praiseworthy, given his business success. Now that he's dead, criticism of him will come off as axe-grinding and bitter. For the reasons you mentioned, a cashless society is extremely susceptible to disruption (the bad kind) that could lead to a serious breakdown in social order. Keeping cash as full legal tender, even with the availability of a cashless alternative makes sense, in the way keeping farming and defense manufacturing domestic makes sense, even with the availability of cheaper imported substitutes. We should be having these conversations now, because the push for a cashless society is coming. Mobile payments may solve a real problem in say, Kenya, where rural people don't have bank accounts but do have phones. There is no such rationale in the developed world, so you better believe the current crop of fintech startups (along with the usual PR push across media channels) will be coming up with frivolous reasons as to why cash is history, and we all join the 21st century by channeling our transactions through their solution so they can take their cut. In my experience, Quora was a godsend in the early 2010s when we were all still reeling from the prevalence of Yahoo! Answers results on the first page of Google. Quora was new and contributors worked hard to provide high quality answers. Then people's worst instincts crept in. High profile users with lots of views in popular topics realized they could use Quora as a "brand building vehicle". Within maybe a year (2014?), Quora was a very different experience. What used to be simple, to the point responses became lengthy, thought pieces peppered with references to one's own website, ebook or online course. Unsurprisingly, the replies to people's responses dried up around this time as well. I remember seeing real discussions in the comments and the authors constructively discussing issues with the commenters. I rarely see that now. Usually it's just a display of view and likes. There isn't really a Quora community anymore, just self-styled experts. > Or is this just a moot point since folks don't trust "Forbes" as a brand? That's the stage I've been in for a while now. Forbes.com now has the same value to me as Huffington Post or Inc.com. It's a content mill with no clear brand voice that anyone can write for. > Tableau is the best at getting non-technical users to be instantly productive I keep hearing that this is Tableau's big selling point. And yet, as exactly the kind of "non-technical" user coming from the world of Excel, it has been astounding to me just how user-unfriendly Tableau is. Want to create a line chart? No clear way of doing it other than messing around with Tableau's implementation of pivot tables, randomly dropping metrics and dimensions into boxes until it resembles a chart. Want to not guess blindly and follow Tableau's tutorials? Prepare to sign in on every single video tutorial page. Opened multiple tabs? You'll have to sign in on each one. Refreshing the page won't do anything. I have no idea how they compete with something like PowerBI. Places like Forbes, Inc and Huffpost appear to exist solely for content writers to use their logo on their portfolio websites under the heading "Published In: ". PowerBI is very well known. The billion-dollar battle to share your personal financial information to even more unaccountable third parties. This is what I remember. Back in 2008 I had a Intel Core Duo laptop with 1GB RAM, and Firefox 3 (I think that was the version number), was horribly slow on it, when previous versions ran extremely smoothly. When Chrome came out sometime in Fall '08, I used it, and it was faster than whatever FF version I had installed. So I kept using it. One of the first things I remember about moving to a rich country was the absence of knockoff products sold in retail stores. It seemed amazing to me that companies would deal only with authorized distributors. These days, I feel like I'm in a twilight zone where 'wealth creation' is happening by putting a fresh face on 3rd-world country business models. First it was Uber with the "hire a random guy off the street to be my driver". Next it was Fiverr/Upwork/ etc, the digital equivalent of rounding up day labourers in the Home Depot parking lot. Now it's Amazon selling bootleg crap at scale. What's their excuse? Some variant of "move fast, break things", no doubt. HN mindset: "I despise clickbait. Misleading, editorialized titles designed to trigger emotional responses? No thank you!" Reality: this comments section. If by 'amazingly efficient', you mean the burden of assessing risk and quality is shifted entirely to the customer for every single transaction, then sure. I'm coming from the developing world. The lack of regulations and product safety standards, is not some kind of competitive advantage, it is a problem that leads to ever falling living standards. A fire in a clothing factory killed 1300 people in my country, an incident that would have been avoidable if the building owner enforced fire safety standards. I suppose if you think about things in terms of MR/MC curves, such loss of life is the price of efficiency. Just a couple of years ago, there would be no appetite for this type of phone, as Google, Apple and the tech press made it seem like having less than 1 million apps available meant that the phone was worthless. Thankfully, we're now at a stage where people largely have all the apps they need, and rarely download new ones if a website alternative is available (think online store or news publication). I'm giving serious thought to buying one of these phones, especially since Uber and Lyft's mobile web sites are sufficient to book rides on. That was the biggest hindrance to making a move away from Android/iOS. I don't really watch streaming video on my phone, so Netflix/PrimeVideo aren't needed. me too. The question is phrased in such a specific way ("Modern UI/UX") that predictable answers like Design of Everyday Things wouldn't fit. I'm saying this as someone who loved Steve Schoger's amazing Twitter moments with those UI micro-tips; I'm on the site's mailing list, so I was aware that the book had just been released. I suppose you could use GIMP to prototype, but it would be a massive pain. I use Figma (free; web-based; not open source) for personal projects; if you've used PowerPoint, you can use Figma; the learning curve was very shallow. Most prototyping tools let you export to PDF on PNG, but they usually aren't going to be open source. Yup, I was excited about the book, and then I saw it was PDF only. One of my favorite books as a "hobbyist" web dev (my real job is in reporting and analytics) is Jon Duckett's HTML/CSS and JavaScript/Jquery books. Gorgeously designed ink-and-paper books that give you a truly visual understanding of the box model, floats, functions, loops etc. The combination of visual design and easy-to-understand examples make the book a constant reference for me. While I agree with your analogy, it is entirely possible to sink an inordinate amount of time into learning design theory with those books, and have absolutely nothing to show for it in terms of a real world website that reflects good design principles in a way that is apparent to the average web user. I've read "The Design of Everyday Things"; I appreciate its role in providing a kind of philosophical grounding for HCI education. But if I were building product to compete in the same space as Robinhood, or Airbnb, that book wouldn't tell me a damn thing about how to design a UI that engages users. And increasingly, a lot of "engagement" comes down to whether or not the app "feels" like a premium experience. Unfortunately that feeling isn't something you can recreate by reading about the circumstances in which a door would be designed to be push or pull based. Unfortunately, I see a ton of mostly low-quality Medium.com links on my Pocket app's "Discover" feed. You can't block domains on that app, you can only flag links as spam, not of interest, etc. Flagging them doesn't seem to reduce the frequency of such posts appearing on the feed however. It's free to use, whereas tools like FullStory cost a fortune, even when compared to heatmap tools like HotJar. > no one looked at Uber and went "ooh, illegal taxis" That's because it was falsely framed as "ride sharing" to begin with, when it was obviously a taxi service. It should also go without saying that millions in VC cash can prettify anything and buy enough positive PR and lobbying to give the service an air of legitimacy. Seems like a weak market to go after, given that people likely to respond to a "cool" financial services brand may be a poorer demographic that maybe doesn't have any prior experience with "legacy" financial services providers. So just because they create accounts @3% doesn't mean they'll also open trading accounts. That's a good point. A friend of mine in medical school told me that banks are itching to give loans to broke med school students because they know building the relationship now is going to pay dividends when the now-broke student becomes a doctor looking to buy a new car or new house. > Libertarian ideals are considered acceptable, even attractive, by many Republicans They're attractive as stump speeches platitudes about limited government and lower taxation. The second they're in office, there's suddenly lots of cash available for increased defense spending, agricultural subsidies and funding prosecutions for non-violent drug crimes. I'm interested to know what part of this story sparked your comment about Libertarianism? Was it the use of taxpayer dollars to expand a border force that didn't seem understaffed to anyone but the Pres? I ask because the other part, namely government contracting work to the "more efficient" private sector sounds perfectly in keeping with Libertarian principles. And in reality, there is always an "unless" caveat: - Farming subsidies - auto bailouts - Bank bailouts - No bid defense contracts I don't understand why discussions on HN always go back to speaking in terms of economic absolutes. Those do not exist in reality, because the world is made of numerous complex, interdependent relationships between different economic entities. Economics is not a science in which you can measure out indicators into petri dishes and observe them in a controlled environment. Quoting Milton Friedman like scripture simply belies a glaring misunderstanding of how the world works. I agree that $40k/hire cost is absurd. That being said, I hope you'll agree that actions matter more than words. Plenty of organizations make virtuous claims in public, and behave differently in private. Political slogans are no exception. I would encourage you to look at their political representatives' voting records and ask yourself if they are being consistent with their professed beliefs. The absolutism of Libertarian theory doesn't translate well to politics and economics, as those require building relationships and cutting deals to make things happen. The infatuation has more to do with not missing out on the Fintech bandwagon. They are betting that one of Robinhood, Stripe, Square, etc will become a megacorp or be acquired by one. So it makes sense to be a cheerleader for all of them. Ifs, buts, maybes. The margin for error is a lot smaller when you're asking people to trust you with their money. If they really were "disruptors", they could have tapped their VCs for money to provide their own insurance, while they tried to work things out with the SIPC. Instead, they made a shambles out this announcement, hurt customer trust and made themselves look like a fly-by-night operation. Not to my knowledge, this is a pretty big screwup, at least reputationally. Robinhood's entire spiel is about how the big banks are bloated and sell you products you don't need (all of which can definitely be true). But I have never once doubted my bank's ability to comply with financial regulations and keep my cash safe. Be careful what you wish for. The Internet made it easier for vendors to provide that "anytime, anywhere" service to you. It didn't however give them an an economic incentive to do so. Right now you can still buy a physical DVD/Blu Ray which can be ripped into a digital format of your choice. You still have control. You still only have to pay once. You even have the ability to re-sell it as a used product. That's going to change once studios decide physical media isn't worth it anymore, and so if you want to re-watch something, you need to have a subscription, or need to re-join the service to watch. My fear is that Netflix is trying to hit the level of content volume where they no longer have to license shows/movies belonging to other studios/networks. They can finally turn into their own silo. While Netflix's original content initially yielded huge hits (House of Cards, Narcos, Stranger Things), it's purely a game of quantity over quality now. There is also the risk of Netflix falling into the same trap that Spotify is in now, being pigeonholed as focusing only on a certain type of "chill" music because that's what listening data points to. Netflix's selection would be awful if they created long-term commitments for shows that reflect today's tastes, and not necessarily what tomorrow will bring. They remove public reviews because they can't have their million-dollar properties soiled by negative reviews. To be fair, sometimes the reviews (like Yelp reviews) are not about the show/movie itself, but about how the company is bad because they stopped carrying "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" on some markets. The nature of Netflix attracts that kind of audience. > They are (for some reason) trying to set this up as a "Robinhood vs The Man (tm)" thing. They are banking (unintentional pun) way too hard on "millennial research" telling them that the '82-'04 crowd wants "a meaningful connection" with their jobs, and apparently, their financial services provider. Maybe this is how they're hoping to relate to them? The connotations of "Robin Hood" are such that it's a pretty brazen name to pick. Especially so when you consider that it's a VC-funded startup that will almost certainly go to a Too Big To Fail institution when an IPO beckons. Makes sense to me. News like "trade crypto on Robinhood" wouldn't mean anything to someone not interested in that sector, but everybody understands the value of high interest chequing account. And now that they realize it's not happening, they are right to feel that the company is a fly by night operation. The fact that they announced this before confirming it with regulators smacks of CEO arrogance in the "Funding Secured!" vein. > Their target audience will likely see this as, "stupid big banking industry trying to make it hard for them again." That's a pretty small target audience, and those people are heavy into crypto and gold. Robinhood needs customer growth, and a nice, safe interest-bearing chequing account would have been a good way of doing it. I wonder if it's the same people who complain that the marketing & sales department make their lives hell because they keep adding features to close sales, and then tell the devs to build those features because the deals depend on it. The "Letter from Founders" mea culpa linked to in the article only says "we promise to work more closely with regulators". If they were confident about their legal position prior to the announcement, they would have said so. It what other world would apps like "Yo" be considered a multi-million dollar opportunity? Even a comment like "we hope for these accounts to be insured in the near future!" betrays a ton of uncertainty. I'd feel like I was dealing with an Etsy artist who's unsure if they can fill a big order by Christmas, not a multi-million dollar financial institution. Starting a bank isn't just an issue of money and time, it's also about doing the hard work to obtain the necessary licenses, insurance and meet regulatory compliance requirements in every state you operate in. The 0.25% failure rate sounds like an under-estimate. I would guess that most banks are simply acquired by bigger ones before they're formally declared "insolvent". The biggest tech companies in the world do advertising, retail, video distribution and business software services. What about any of these moved so fast that regulations would have stifled their innovation? I would argue that DoJ vs Microsoft and EU v Microsoft encouraged healthy competition, and didn't hurt innovation. It even forced Microsoft to look outside of the Windows/Office businesses to make money. At a time when newspapers struggle to sign people up even with a "$1 for 4 weeks" deal, you really think people are pulling out their credit cards to do business with a financial firm that just got publicly told off by a reglator? >So poor people need not apply to the stock market? A single stock of Amazon costs just over $1500. That is more than the monthly rent a poor person pays. If they want Amazon in their portfolio, they can pick a mutual fund that includes it, and they wouldn't have to shell out anywhere near $1500. As an aside, I find the argument that "this will help the poor" really disingenuous when you consider that the poor are the first ones blamed when things go awry. Remember 2008, when the crisis happened because "the poor were given houses they couldn't afford?" Companies like Robinhood are not looking after the poor. You make it sound like people vote on these things. Goldman et al skulk around country clubs, policy lunches, even freshman congressional rep orientations, looking to "build relationships". They take them to fancy parties and dinners paid for by the bank, digging their claws in. When the time comes to do a bond issue, they get the call. Yesterday there was some discussion about how Robinhood's SIPC fiasco could have been a marketing push because all publicity is good publicity. I disagreed because Robinhood is trying to be a "serious" business, and stunts like that would hurt their credibility. This on the other hand is exactly the kind of situation where bad publicity helps the characters in question. This Patreon competitor is pure vaporware; Peterson has zero interest in business and tech, and doesn't even try to describe the feature set. He knows that as far as his audience is concerned, he only has to make it look like he's playing the big man and going to battle against the "oppressive censorship of the far left" for the money to keep coming in, either via book sales or speaking engagements. I wrote short stories and video game reviews for the kids section of my local newspaper when I was 10-12yo. When I was older (13-18) I switched to writing about music. My IQ, not that I've tried to measure it, is probably very average. I was a kid and I just wanted to write. I agree with your last sentence about "each independent blog post". But you must realize that hosting content isn't free. If you want a blog that doesn't end with .wordpress.com or blogspot.com, you'll have to pay. Otherwise, you publish on Medium, which IMO is just as bad in terms of handing over your IP to content farms. Recipe pages are long because Google penalizes sites with "high bounce rate", i.e. where the user opened the page, didn't interact with it (clicked a link, scrolled x% of the screen) and left, or clicked Back. A recipe blog post where you can simply copy/paste the recipe into your notes app is going to receive a bad SEO grade. That's why so much of the Internet feels so 'corporate' or make so many seemingly 'WTF' choices. They are optimizing around a monetization and growth strategy, not for your experience as a user. "haunted" all the way to billions in profit. If the FB revelations are to have a real impact on the culture of surveillance, the biggest advertisers have to start withdrawing from the platform (FB, IG, Whatsapp). Unless that happens, we will continue to see these hand-wringing articles and eventually become numb to them. Customizing the ads and spam is the first step, because that's what technologically feasible and makes business sense. Before long, they'll start "customizing" your search results even when you're not logged in, because your IP and search history gives the gatekeeper enough to decide what you should and shouldn't see. Net Neutrality in the US was obviously gamed in favour of ISPs, telecoms and large corporations, and the population didn't lift a finger behind posting sanctimoniously on Reddit/HN, and arguing with each other about the semantics of free/un-free markets. > Except that normal people didn't care and didn't notice? What's IE's market share today vs 10 years ago? How many Windows Phones are in people's pockets? How many people opened Hotmail/Live accounts in the last year? People do care, it just takes a long time to see the effects play out. The "I'm not important enough" comment got me thinking about something Chris Rock said on a podcast (w/ Marc Maron) when he was asked if he faced racism when he was starting out as a comic. He replied that when he was starting out, he was small fry, so he didn't face anything beyond what he would as an average, non-comedian African American. In the comedy circuit, he was mostly ignored, but not explicitly discriminated against. Once he reached a certain popularity level, and he was in the running for spots on talk shows, SNL, TV episodes, he started to notice it. The stakes are a lot higher, and there are lots of people coveting those TV appearances. So suddenly, people who would otherwise never even notice him, were acting in ways to specifically exclude him from the running in areas that were traditionally reserved for white comedians. Just because you aren't important enough to be spied on today doesn't mean that you won't appear on someone's threat radar later. Only way FB changes is if big-spending advertisers start dropping out. Losing users will probably not happen because FB can easily spoof user growth numbers. On their next earnings call, if they say DAU grew by 5%, how would you audit the veracity of that statement? Users aren't cash, which can at least be verified by auditors that review bank statements. I think you can still have a high-activity blog that publishes infrequently, if you're able to get them to sign up for email notifications. I don't know if people really check blog websites daily anymore. Stuff like news, sports, Reddit/FB/IG are an exception; people expect there to be updated content daily. There are numerous factors that go into why or why not a page gets traffic. The ~2000 words is a rule of thumb, and not at all a decisive factor. - Have any other websites linked back to your content? 'Backlink' volume is a quality signal for search engines. - Is your blog about a specific topic, or does it cover multiple different topics? A niche-specific website will get better ranking than a website that covers multiple topics. - Is you website mobile-friendly? I have seen dev blogs that area clearly not responsive. Search engines can detect that and will ding you accordingly. - Have you tried to promote your content? On Twitter, on message boards, on HN, anything? - Is your content structured to be search engine friendly? Some devs build blogs in React, or some other framework, where the HTML is dynamically generated, leaving your page source looking like a framework template, with no content shown. A search crawler won't know there's any content there. There's also a technical reason for writing the TLDR up top. When a web crawler indexes a page for search results, they capture a snippet of the first tags that follow the of the title. That snippet is what is shown on the results page, and really is what determines whether a user wants to click the link shown by the search engine. To promote new content to an already-converted audience. Compare the site engagement of users who willingly gave you their email address, to a user who landed on your page from a search query, browsed it and left the site. What are the chances that that user will remember the name of the site and make a return visit? Your page could have been one of 10 he looked at to get an answer to his question. I don't know about FB, but Youtube videos can only be monetized if they're a minimum of 10 minutes long. That's why videos by 'Youtubers' can be so painful to watch; they are trying to stretch out 2 minutes of content into 10, and it's obvious. Imagine that you're searching for a solution to a Javascript issue, and you see two search results. One has the answer and links to a working Codepen, and the other provides some conceptual information and links you to MDN documentation so you can figure the answer out for yourself. Which one are you going to read first? If you picked the first one, does that indicate a dilapidation in reading ability, or that you needed an answer, and the first option provided the best one? This is every newspaper ever. I have probably already paid for a couple of extra weeks of the Globe & Mail at full price because I have been dragging my feet on calling to cancel my $1 trial. Same deal with the Economist and Bloomberg Businessweek. WeWork and Uber seem to be two examples of companies that "look" successful purely on the basis of enormous amounts of VC subsidization. They lose hundreds of millions each quarter because they're under pricing their service to gain market share. In order to get more funding rounds and ever-higher valuations, they're promising pie-in-the-sky visions of WeWork daycare and schools, or Uber-powered autonomous truck fleets. And when the water goes out of that tide, they quietly announce very 20th century-sounding initiatives like property brokering and sharing zip scooters and offering food delivery. Why does their need to be a requirement? Making a website accessible to individuals using screen readers is the right thing to do; it shouldn't need to be mandated. My anecdotal experience: it's much more work-intensive on mobile sites than desktop. I seem to have to do multiple rounds of "storefront", "crosswalk", "bridge" detection before it finally goes away. makes me long for the days of Rapidshare Cats. Interesting. I have noticed that recaptchas can be frequent on Firefox Android, and yet I hardly ever run into them on Mozilla Brave Android, which is built on Chromium. Most people bloviating online don't have anything interesting to say. This is as applicable to FB as it is to any contributor-posted crap on Forbes.com. You'll have a hard time convincing these "content creators" to move off FB as they know they won't be able to attract the same audience anywhere nearly as easily. Finally, a personal website doesn't solve the fundamental issue: people crave attention. That's why FB doesn't report likes in real time, it spaces them out so you can log back in re-check like some kind of lab rat. People crave drama too, which is why news sites use clickbait titles on their FB posts. What better way to boost "engagement" than post a headline you know will start a fight in the comments? The flip side of that coin is that people seem to actually want a steady stream of low-quality content, and FB has more than enough behavioural psychologists and UX people on their team to ensure that keeps happening. Didn't Cambridge Analytica shut down and re-open the same day under a new name? A company that built its riches on the back of a spectacularly successful surveillance apparatus isn't going to go away. Especially not now that its use as a psyops tool (2016 US electon, Rohingya genocide) has been proven. FB as a product may one day not exist, but its leaders will welcome the absence of the press spotlight so they can start working with law enforcement, military and other groups that will pay big for their knowledge. Think Peter Thiel and Palantir. > Mass communication is a threat to democracy? Why did you think that strawman would work on HN of all places? FB didn't invent email, chatrooms, message boards, or the internet, things that actually support mass communication. I am in my 30s too, and I remember reading articles saying that DHS had hundreds of thousands of hours of wiretapped conversations they would never get to because they all needed to be manually reviewed. When the company selling a suspiciously cheap home speaker ('stocking stuffer') is the same company that boasts of having infinitely scalable computing ability and is the only cloud vendor that meets the Pentagon's procurement requirements, people are justified in thinking that Amazon's ambitions go beyond 'making it easier to order online'. I'd be extremely wary of FB's ambitions in this area. FB the social network will not last forever, and it seems obvious that companies like Google, Amazon etc will shift their business model towards secretive "enterprise" services, like AWS for the Pentagon, Dragonfly for China etc. Facebook tried to create it's own walled-garden Internet in India under the extremely deceptive "Facebook.org" initiative. Awareness of stuff like Google+ breaches or FB's data sharing will soon become a thing of the past once these companies start dealing directly with governments and move away from public-facing products entirely. If FB starts to implement an India-specific version of China's "social credit" policy towards blacklisting suspected defaulters, with no recourse, the people likely won't even know who's supplying that technology. Phone-based currency transfers like M-Pesa have been successful in Tanzania, Kenya and is available in India and Afghanistan. Unlike whatever FB will offer, it doesn't require you to use Whatsapp. I can't wait to see the permissions required on the new version of WA once that service is live. Uber also wouldn't be a thing today if they didn't have billions in VC money buying them lawyers and lobbyists, and developing Greyball to help drivers avoid giving rides to people identified as regulators. Please don't make it seem like Uber's law-breaking is some kind of brave sacrifice protecting mom-and-pop restaurants everywhere. > I hope we don't have a long internet argument about what "mass communication" is, that would be a great waste of time. 100% agree. That is why I don't bother reading the comments where the discussion veers into the semantics of the label used ("socialism" and "market forces" related stories being the worst offenders).Usually the story isn't about that at all, but people seem to love rehashing their college-era debates that ended nowhere. > I just suspect that if facebook didn't exist, message boards and chatrooms would have launched Trump into the white house just the same I partially disagree. Without FB, Twitter could still have spread mass misinformation and divisive propaganda. Either way, the scale of either isn't comparable to message boards of yore. Those allowed for total anonymity. You weren't mandated to provide a real name. You weren't encouraged to share details of your personal life (relationship status, alma mater, location). Message boards also didn't have ad networks built into it that incentivized data gathering on a mass scale. Finally, message boards were not built around "sharing". That's what got fake news posts outside of your crazy uncle's FB circle and into local news website comments page, etc, giving it visibility it wouldn't have otherwise. What were the biggest message boards back in the day? Something Awful? Digg? 4chan? A few million members max. FB has 2 billion + on a single network. A single point of entry where the network gives you (as an advertiser/bad actor) near-unprecedented targeting ability for promoted posts and ads. If you popped into your local phpBB baseball forum and dropped off a meme showing Clinton with the Star of David with no additional context, you'd get booted by a moderator for being off-topic and thread would be locked. No way to spread it to the outside world. Not so on social networks. > My experience is Chinese middle class rarely care about human rights issues. Isn't this true for middle classes in most countries? Would there be any tangible benefit if the Chinese middle class made a symbolic show of supporting human rights (as is often done in the west), while their leaders continued to use their tax yuan to prop up polluting industries, bad working conditions, Uighur mass detentions? That was Nixon-era politics, and done in a cynical way to send a message to Russia. US-Sino relations were always somewhat tense due to the Taiwan question. It would have been politically costly for any sitting President to say "let's give the CCP American business". The reason economic liberalization happened was because Deng Xiaoping saw the writing on the wall. Additionally, corporate interests in the US (represented by the Chamber of Commerce) had been beating down the doors of politicians to relax restrictions on doing business there. If the appetite to offshore jobs was not there, there is no reason why the US would have made it easy to do business there. I agree that that period was an outlier in terms of large-scale activism post-WW2. However, there was also the small matter of 50,000 dead draftees in Vietnam that propelled public anger. The US government had a vested interest in making policy changes that kept the peace, especially with the threat of an expansionist USSR on the horizon. What does "break into tech" mean for you? I've spent ~6 years doing PM work for different software projects and the number of sub-areas within "tech" can include: - Actual project dev work, like requirements gathering, Wireframing, UI/UX design, front/back-end development, usability testing, Quality Assurance - Managing IT infrastructure. Databases, writing process documentation, running IT controls audits - CRM/Marketing Automation/Conversion Optimization - Business Intelligence The rabbit hole goes pretty deep in any of these sub-areas, and the list above is definitely not comprehensive. I suggest going to meetups in your community to learn from people about what roles they are in, what their day to day looks like, and if it's something you could see yourself doing. Firefox absolutely sucks on Android. It's fine on Mac OS, but it is so much slower than Brave (Chromium based) and Chrome itself, that it becomes irritating to use. That being said, it does support extensions like Ublock Origin and Ghostery. Mobile Chrome means zero extensions and ad hell, so Brave it is. Same Chrome engine and UI (swipeable tabs is something I miss in Firefox Android) and adblocking. Exact opposite experience. I use Brave as my default Android browser specifically beacuse it's fast like Chrome, but without the ads. At work, I don't mind using a non-adblocked PC, but mobile ads are a special kind of hell. I agree, this is a terrible look for the company. They need to apologize, suspend the service and be honest with users about how this works, before announcing a reboot. That being said, I've been using Brave on Android since early 2017, and it's been great. I don't think the BAT stuff is in the mobile version, but I did see it on the desktop Windows version recently. Tom Scott did not explicitly sign up for this service. Brave is not even telling users that Tom Scott is not signed up, and Brave has no automated way of contacting him to let him know that someone donated. The system is engineered to move the money towards Brave, with neither the benefactor nor the beneficiary being aware of that. How is that ethical? What kind of inane rationale is that? Western Union asks the sender to provide detailed address and contact information, and has technology available to send a text to the recipient letting them know that they can pick up their money at a WU location. Since Tom Scott didn't sign up, how would Brave know to contact him? Some default webmaster@example.com email that may or may not even be registered? That Adams would join the Trump train isn't all that surprising when you read the book. Right from the beginning, he mentions that he didn't get a promotion at work because of upper management's 'minority hiring' policies (this was in the '80s, I believe). He doesn't provide much information about this policy, only that he perceived himself to have been left behind because of it. I liked the book because it was pretty fast paced and gave insights into the PC game industry of the '80s and '90s, which I didn't know anything about. The rest of it I feel like I enjoyed because I was a kid in the '90s who loved Doom and Quake. You're right, but publications have to write glowing articles about these trends because it's easy traffic and will get clicks, especially from older (non-teenager) users who feel out of touch with the youth 'zeitgeist'. The sheer volume of articles written about Pokemon Go and the future of AR in 2016 was mind-boggling, especially as the popularity of the game peaked in less than a year. That might have been helpful for you, the user, but it was likely a problem for Netflix the corporation. I remember people scraping those tables and creating websites like "Check which shows are available in your regional netflix". Because every international Netflix variant had a much poorer selection of English-language titles compared to Netflix US, it must have hurt international adoption. Unsurprisingly, Netflix changed their site layout so that such tables were no longer "exposed" to the end user. Sounds pretty much like how human debates are already structured: 1. Grab key points from influential books and articles to create templated responses 2. Do no original research and thus be completely unable to rebut criticisms of the source data or analysis 3. Counter #2 above by falling back on crowd-pleasing templated responses, forcing the moderator to move the debate along 4. Never, ever concede anything, because "debates" are no longer about listening to an argument and carefully considering their merits, it is a time-boxed verbal combat sport where there must be a winner and a loser. > If you haven't seen the need for an apolitical currency yet you probably never will. I do see the need for such a currency. But if this one of the principles crypto enthusiasts believe in, why I do see so little being done to make it a viable medium of exchange? Did everyone just caught up in the gold rush and put their focus on seeing just how much fiat they could get for their BTC? In fact, in the past year I've seen less news about BTC and more about the hordes of offshoot alt-coins that appear to have been released for the sole purpose of separating speculators from their money. My guess would be that they don't actually know. The $3 billion figure itself seems to be an estimate; there are no references to what the figure was last year. Additionally, Epic makes more stuff than just Fortnite, and the article didn't bother to even try to attribute income to anything other than Fortnite. I had to read the article twice, because at first I was also confused as to whether they were referring to operating income or net income. Epic is a private company so they aren't making their income statements public. The $3B figure is an estimate. Techcrunch doesn't have the real numbers. That would explain why they don't compare the $3B to Epic's 2017 numbers; because they don't have those either. The interesting part of this article was that Epic intentionally circumvented Google Play Store and required Android users to download the launcher from its own website. Hopefully this leads to more app developers skipping Google Play and launching solo. Of course most apps won't have the name recognition of Fortnite, but I can't imagine discover-ability inside of the Play Store is any better. I got a new phone recently and had to re-download some apps; Imagine my shock when I opened Google Play and saw that it had become like Google search; crawling with ads for some of the worst, lowest-rung "apps", all of which appear to be some variant of Candy Crush and Clash of Clans. Who honestly wants to fork over 30% to Google for that ? Neither was Liar's Poker, yet Michael Lewis has repeatedly commented that people saw it as something to aspire to. The same occurred with the glorified story of Jordan Belfort. Or Patrick Bateman (that one was of course fictional). What is it about our society that makes people oblivious to satire/cautionary tales as long as it's given a shiny cosmetic sheen? Agreed. I believe a lot of people have beef with online advertising primarily because of the programmatic nature of it, which hurts user privacy and site UX by causing the page content to jump around, not to mention loading new ads if the page stays open,. But, I don't have issues with podcasts where they work directly with a company to pitch a product. It's old school and it isn't as impersonal and cash-grabby as a junky website with an Adsense account. I can imagine a tool like this becoming necessary when Amazon/Google start piping in ads through their home speaker products. We just can't have nice things, I guess. > " Given WeWork’s opaque financials and its self-made metrics such as “community-adjusted Ebitda,” you can see why investors might be rethinking a company that has relied a lot on confidence, optimism and faith." I understand why companies occasionally report results as GAAP and non-GAAP, but "community adjusted EBITDA" is absurd, even for a private company. Well, back then the capital markets were all about value investing. And if someone in 1999 told you that a publicly traded company could run losses for 15 years straight and be 'successful', you'd have looked at him as though he were a fool. 'Valuation' these days seems to be less about determining the free cash flow of a company's operations. It's the promise of great innovation that's just around the corner. Or, more likely, it's the promise that a bigger company will acquire this company at a markup above whatever you paid. Anything pitched as 'tech' that doesn't look or smell like 'tech' is basically the founders' way of saying 'we need a lot of money because we lose millions each year and are nowhere close to making a profit.' Considering how much these mega-funds put in, I would wager that 'Investment strategies and research methods' are about selling the vision of WeWork more than anything else. They need the valuation to stay up if they want to divest at a profit. I'm of the class of 2009, graduating at a time when even entry-level office jobs seemed out of reach. I was an Econ major at a top US liberal arts school, with two summer analyst (finance) positions under my belt. But even with all that, the only full time job I was able to get was a book-keeping position that paid $12.50/hr. If you don't have job-ready skills (e.g., Quickbooks expertise at a small business), your prospects are limited to big corporations that hire on the basis of a regular recruiting schedule, provide training, onboarding etc. And those firms ghosted completely that year. I'm not from a rich family, so I would have much preferred to have done school in a short-term program like this that was incentivized to help me hit the ground running when it came to job-ready skills. That said, what is to stop Lambda-like firms to crop up everywhere, like bootcamps did, and promise 6-figure salaries that will never materialize? The VC money required to finance such schools is certainly out there, but are the jobs? Restaurants are responsible for reporting the formal wages paid by the restaurant to the staff, which can be counted, tracked and reported to the IRS. Cash tips paid to the server are essentially invisible to the employer. This is an accepted trade-off in a system where restaurants can pay below minimum wage. An Uber customer cannot pay cash. They pay Uber first (fare + optional tip) and Uber in turn pays the drivers. So they know with 100% certainty how much money is changing hands. For a company that is worth literally billions, having a basic financial reporting system that calculates the government's cut is not some kind of overbearing regulatory hassle. When it comes to high-value products like laptops, always go with a vendor that has in-person support services in your country. By 'high value', I mean things you'd be utterly screwed without. I could lose my phone, but there's nothing critical on it. My laptop on the other hand.... I once had a Toshiba laptop purchased in Singapore. When the motherboard died and I looked for a replacement, the only option was to ship it back to Singapore, which was of course a no-go. Since then, I've only purchased Apple or Dell laptops, as both of them have fast turnaround times, since they're actually available in my country. Definitely costs a little more, but you can't beat that peace of mind. Isn't this the natural plateau all product categories eventually reach? 1 billion phones sold by Apple alone since 2007, but of course Wall St needs more. I'd wager that consumers have reached the point where phones are 'boring' and increasingly expensive utility purchases, like a new laptop. We're way past the point of "there's an app for that" style ads. Beyond the basic social network apps, messaging apps and games, people don't even bother downloading apps anymore. Like laptops, a phone you buy today will easily last you 2-4 years (laptops last longer of course). A marginally better camera isn't going to convince people to cough up $1000+ each year when they know the pictures are going to end up in a highly compressed form on Snap/FB/IG anyway. > I consider Photos and essential app to the phone. So do I, but OS vendors are making that experience worse by 'integrating' it to some cloud bullshit whether I want it to or not. My Galaxy S7 (with all the bloatware the article mentions) was replaced with an "Android One" device from Nokia. First thing I noticed on the Nokia was that the only gallery app was Google Photos, which I want nothing to do with. The Galaxy S7 had Google Photos, but also Samsung's stock Gallery app, which I greatly preferred because it acts exactly like the dumb pipe I want it to. Same with Samsung Music. On the Nokia, I had to install an alternative app because Play Music is unusable with the constant nagging to join their streaming service. Windows Phone didn't survive in the market long enough to start adding crapware. With their The first time my dad used the Internet to look at used car ads on Craigslist, I found him trying to fight off a cascading series of popups (this was in the mid-2000s) that launched when he clicked the "You are our 1 millionth customer" ads. Older people who are new to the Internet may simply think it's regulated like TV and Radio commercials are. Couple that with how easy it is to target these demographics using an FB/Twitter advertiser account, and how they make up big chunks of the voting bloc, and you have a recipe for disaster. Do your competitor research. Which is the closest brand offering what you're offering. What kind of brand voice do they use when communicating with their customers? What are they doing right? Are there any gaps in their designs that your brand can fill? Talk to customers: - Look up fashion subreddits to see what people are wearing, what they like and what they don't. - Reach out to Instagrammers that fit your customer profile. If they have a large number of followers, see if they'd be interested in trying out a sample of your designs. - Get an advertiser account on FB/IG and use their hyper targeting ability (geo, age range, favorite brands, etc) to get an idea of the size of your market Test out different platforms that you'll use to sell. Shopify, Etsy, Squarespace etc all offer ways to sell online, but the prices, levels of service and reliability are going to vary. Try to forecast your production volume accurately, so you don't accidentally take orders for items you no longer have inventory for. Bold 9000, circa 2008. Hands down my favourite mobile keyboard ever. It's 2019 and I still cannot type on touchscreens properly, knowing that devices like that once existed and made typing a joy. This is something I've feared for a decade now (completed my undergrad just as the financial crisis hit). Even before that, there were worries about customer support jobs being offshored. Airbnb, Uber, Fiverr, TaskRabbit etc are big companies built on the premise of 'you are your own boss'. I've yet to meet an Uber driver who does it because of his entrepreneurial bent. He drives Uber because his day job isn't enough to make ends meet. Education costs (college and up) are increasing because institutions have no incentive to manage tuition costs if the default assumption is that people will take out loans to pay them anyway. > But that's the thing about nuclear annihilation. Nothing can protect you from it. If it happens. The whole point of the nuclear arms race was for nuclear-capable countries to deter one another from attacking. No such luck with climate change. We can try to slow it down, but the damage has been done. The "So what? in my day, things were much harder" argument doesn't hold because your parents' generation likely suffered through the Great Depression and WW2. Chernobyl sounds like child's play by comparison. > * Make lots of mistakes, because mistakes mean you're trying new things, but with 2 caveats: This is all well and good when they're in school and still dependent on your financial support. Once they're on their own (say, at age 22), and start making mistakes, the stakes are a lot higher and the margin for error a low narrower. Let's say you majored in something but did poorly overall. That's mistake #1. You won't have as wide of a berth for mistake #2, because you are likely still suffering the consequences of #1. You may want to look into an Android phone that has "Do Not Disturb" on. It will hide notifications from showing on the statusbar. So unless you explicitly open that app, you won't know if there's a notification to be had. I have a Nokia 6.1 with Android 9.0. The other day, I actually missed some important messages because I had DND turned on, thinking it was the same thing as silent mode. If the address on an email list was obtained via some other party that the address was voluntarily submitted to (say, a service with a ToS that included sharing your email address with "partners"), then consent was already established. Doesn't mean it isn't still shady. Zenefits was a highly touted workplace benefits startup that got into huge trouble when a Buzzfeed investigation (of all things), found that one of its execs had gamed a state insurance agent exam (I think that's what it was), so their staff could essentially cheat and obtain certifications faster. The exec in charge was fired, and a lot of their key staff had already jumped ship by then. That's one of my favourite books. There' also "Panic!" which is basically a curated list of newspaper articles and Lewis' columns about long-forgotten companies from the dotcom era and their business models. What I found hilarious was Jim Clark's original vision of a "trillion dollar healthcare cost disruptor" that was Healtheon, actually IPO'd in '99, but ended up being acquired by the content mill cesspool that is WebMD. I believe the author added the 'as a millennial' bit because everyone's feeds for the past couple of years have been bombarded by posts about 'digital nomads', the seemingly lucky few that are their own bosses and live out of a suitcase and a Macbook in exotic-seeming places like Slovakia, Argentina or Vietnam. > Unfortunately, I doubt many of us with CompSci degrees and years/decades of experience have those sales and marketing skills. The history of enterprise tech is strewn with stories about that first big deal happening before the tech was even ready. Bill Gates and Paul Allen's meeting with IBM is probably the best known one. Hell, even Steve Jobs, with all of Apple's power, publicly pitched a ghetto-rigged iPhone because a fully working version wasn't ready at the time. The 'best' sales people I've met always, always exaggerate the benefits of something. In tech, the "Comp Sci" people are the ones building the product, so they are especially mindful about not overstating what their product can do. Psychologically, they are forever in a problem-solving mode, meaning that when they talk about the product, they are primed to talk about current bugs, or how far away it is from being 'feature complete'. Not the people you want extolling your virtues in a sales meeting. Salespeople aren't as closely embedded within the product development process, which gives them the mental bandwidth to straight up lie about what the product can do. I've seen it numerous times; sales exec closes a big deal, then goes to the dev team and says "I need X, Y and Z to be added to this sprint because customer H wants to launch in a month." You were able to charge $1000 for the Airtable gig? If you don't mind my asking, was the client not aware of Upwork, Fiverr, etc, which I would imagine would be perfect for these one-off, low-engagement gigs? That's exactly what it is. Freelancers working for relative pennies. Tim Ferriss started the bad habit of calling this 'automation' in the 4hr work week book. This won't happen, because Congress has done its best to try to limit action against corporations by trying to define everything under the sun as 'frivolous lawsuits that are clogging up our courts'. A Chromecast retails for ~$25. Even if the presiding judge decided to award 100x in 'punitive' damages, that's still $2500, which is far less than what it would cost Google to bother addressing the claim in court. > So the guardian, a member of the media, is telling us that the media are unwittingly selling an AI fantasy? No, it is an opinion piece written by an academic that summarizes the findings of a research study of how media outlets covered AI in their articles. Very cool, I love that weird, hobbyist sites like this still exist. Nice walk down memory lane for those familiar with this tech. Sometimes I look at pictures taken with my 2006-era 3MP Nikon Coolpix and marvel at how bad they look compared to anything I was using from 2013 onwards. > How many design guidelines do we need I wonder. Given that these are presumably research-based guidelines specific to that government's network of sites, that number would be 1. Google Reader and RSS has outsize importance in tech and blogging circles, but as someone who was in college in the late-2000s, I count on one hand the number of people who knew what RSS even was. I'd say FB and Twitter killed forums and website comment sections. Rebuttals of the "Oh yeah? Well, what world changing things have YOU done?" variety are common if someone brings up anything remotely negative about Tesla. > Where are the people who initially brought in Brexit Former PM David Cameron put Leave/Remain to a vote, but publicly said he voted Remain. Resigned after the vote results. Theresa May took his place after some debate; she was vociferously pro-Brexit, and looked like the best option if Britain was to act tough when negotiating with the EU. A number of people dropped out of the succession race, gambling that the Brexit hassle wouldn't be worth it. May survived a no-confidence vote in late 2018, but a number of members of her party have resigned because the deal on the table didn't sync with what's important to their constituents. There are a number of factors, but May's insistence that net migration would fall to 5 figures was something people expected her to deliver. It's not going to happen. Targeted online advertising is at its most effective if you are a small player targeting a very niche market. When you're a well-known brand, you won't see the same ROI. Also, you'll be able to get away with a lot more than you would with a TV or print ad, that would require human verification. Take something like Alex Jones' male virility supplements. There are numerous 'brands' selling this type of snake oil to vulnerable, ideologically zealous people. Brands like these are fly by night, they wouldn't invest in an ad on say, The Economist. But you would definitely want that ad showing on someone's feed when they've already indicated they follow pages and personalities that make it obvious you're the target customer, i.e. an easy mark. All those little tricks you described are part of a strategy usually called Conversion Rate Optimization. They do this because it works. What you described was likely A/B tested. Some visitors to the site saw the nagging message, while others didn't. > It's funny to me, because AirBnB runs in to all the same problems we had with hotels a hundred years ago. Every startup is banking on consumers forgetting this. "Hey, X is far too inefficient/expensive, you deserve Y". If the startup becomes a unicorn, it's never going to be long before they start following the same rules as the incumbents they toppled. I wouldn't say they 'just work', but rather that what we see is the steady state they've arrived at, warts and all. The startup industry has this obsessive focus on looking at the steady state and thinking they can fix all the warts, without really looking into why they formed in the first place. I disagree with the streaming video example. Netflix, Disney etc aren't facing any regulatory issues that's causing them to circle their wagons and create their own content pipelines and streaming services. They're doing it to maximize profit and be less dependent on third parties. This sounds like a comic book's description of economic structures where everything is black and white and there are no ifs or buts. > Too much cronyism makes capitalism less efficient, because it starts to resemble centrally planned economies. Can you give an example of 'central planning' in the modern world that wouldn't also apply to large businesses that operate at scale, like agribusinesses or mining? > Once mutual funds and pension funds start investing in WeWork, then I’ll care. “all is mine which is not nailed down and nothing is nailed down that can be pried loose.” Cultures, laws and traditions aren't set in stone and can be changed. If society and culture simply look the other way and the media simply rehash press releases, then the day will come when acting like this becomes the norm. But the investor (Softbank) is the one that bestowed its $47 billion valuation on the company. There are a few billion reasons why he wouldn't sue. in the book Disrupted (about the author's time working at Hubspot), he posits that the free beer offered at startups is to soften the blow of the long working hours and relatively low salaries. In this case, the free beer might be an intentional way to take "loud room I can't work in", to "laid back atmosphere I feel home in". The latter is false, but it's not as bad as being stuck with "loud room I can't work in". I believe there was a NYT story posted last year about how all custodial services are contracted out these days, and ye olde American success story of 'going from the janitor supply closet to the boardroom' was gone forever. The used an example of a cleaner at HP in the early '80s who became a manager of some sort. The comments on that article? Mostly something along the lines of "maximizing shareholder value" and "fiduciary duty to the corporation". Anything to avoid having to admit that this is wrong. Good to know there's already been some prior thought on this topic. I think Kodak was the company in the article, actually. > Short term mentality and spreadsheet driven management has taken a toll on the American dream. Yes, but stock market growth since the '80s is a big reason why the "wealth" of the average American has increased, even though wages have stagnated and debt has increased. One hand has been feeding the other for a long time. I am happy to do this regarding furniture, but mattresses is a tough sell for me. Aren't you worried about bedbugs? I'm reading the comments and feeling incredibly fortunate. I'm 33 and I've slept on a $100 Ikea queen mattress since my college days (the very basic model) and haven't had any sleep or back-related issues. I appreciate the plusher mattresses hotels have, but at no point have I thought to spend anything close to what these mattress places usually charge. Interesting. Sounds like they need to tear down, clean and re-assemble the mattress, which I'd think would end up making it more expensive. Definitely better for the environment though, and good for society if it means they're able to employ the less abled to help do the work. TSA staff going from poorly paid to not paid at all certainly doesn't open the door for any perverse incentives for extra cash. No sir-ee. That's the weird thing I've discovered about IG in particular, there is almost no real interaction in the public comments between the 'community'. The comments are frequently just lists of users tagging different users. It's bad UX too, which I why I pretty much never click on the "more" button for individual posts. > It seems incredible that people would want to use such a restrictive service when much more open ones exist, Network effects. Look into any thread here about people quitting FB. You'll see several valid use cases showing why people stay on the platform despite its serious flaws. Curious: Would there be any benefit to open sourcing parts of the OS, at least enough so that it could run on mobile hardware of some kind? I believe HP/Palm open-sourced WebOS after they abandoned the device market, but nobody tried to build a Hackintosh type phone out of it. Back then, that made sense as WebOS suffered from a lack of apps, but in 2019, mobile web apps aren't the afterthought they used to be. I can call an Uber and track the entire journey using their web app manifest ("Add to home screen"). I'm using Uber as an example of a complex app that you wouldn't think would work well as a 'website'. With everything we know about Google's data collection/tracking policies, I'd think there'd be some itnerest in having the option of hardware that ran a non-intrusive mobile OS. I'd wager that Iranians have a good idea of what might happen in such scenarios, since the 2009 protests against Ahmedinejad's re-election were partially fueled by Twitter, which authorities clamped down on afterwards. This was a couple of years before smartphones were ubiquitous. Chances are both protestors and the authorities would act much faster now. I'm more concerned about political operatives right here at home who are likely rubbing their hands with glee, as FB gives them the tools to make it easier than ever to drum up online lynch mobs to further poison political discourse. I'm not even going to mention how much easier this makes it for scammers to find their marks. The guy who collected $20m on Gofundme for 'the wall' comes to mind. > A good form of effective action would be to create and popularize to the top of the list a petition like 'Dismantle Facebook' or 'Fire Mark Zuckerberg'. Thanks to the FB algorithm, this kind of 'troll' petition wouldn't appear on anyone's feed. And ultimately, the type of person motivated to use this for its actual use cases (building supporters for causes, or just looking for people to scam), their opinon of Zuckerberg wouldn't change one iota. Snap has its own brand to think about, it wouldn't bother trying to enter this arena. People don't talk politics on Snap, mainly because they skew younger and because it's photo-based, not text-based. > People speaking on condition of anonimity because they are not authorized to discuss is one of the most annoying things about news today. This has likely annoyed people since the beginning of anything related to journalistic inquiry. If these people didn't have a guarantee of anonymity, the public would be in the dark most of the time. > I still appreciate the Snowden method. Got fed up to the point that the info must be released, but did not hide to keep his job. Not everybody is in Snowden's position; relatively young, unmarried, no kids. He may be able to take this "cool guys don't look back at explosions" approach, but most people can't. That doesn't mean that what they know should remain hidden from view because it doesn't meet your standards for what a 'real whistleblower' looks like. Snowden is also essentially trapped in Russia. The only reason he was able to find refuge there at all is because his revelations are a useful symbol of American hypocrisy any time the words "surveillance state" are bandied about in discussions about Russia. He's a smart guy and probably knows that the Kremlin's generosity will last only as long as he doesn't try to rock the boat by commenting on domestic Russian matters. > The fact that other countries manage to be outside the EU and do just fine. 1991: "Russia needn't worry, lots of countries have market economies and do just fine." As though the structure of the British economy and trade activity hasn't been shaped by decades of EU membership. Things won't be as they were in 90s Russia, but living standards will drop once exports are priced with WTO tariffs, and ditto for imports. What makes you think you or I have any say in this? Recessions happen naturally as part of the business cycle, but are exacerbated by risky practices at major financial institutions that take on insanely leveraged bets in order to churn out a tiny profit that when summed up, becomes a huge profit. The problem is that when average people go to political representatives to push for regulation of the markets, they are drowned out by corporate lobbyists who fill reps' pockets and fill the airwaves talking about and "class envy" and "socialist takeover". $125 million raised, and they only cover the Bay Area, the most competitive market for this kind of service? Is there even $126m of value in delivering food in an area with a population of 7 million? The post-08 tech boom is almost perfectly correlated to the rise of smartphones, which built a market for products like Facebook ads, Uber rides and the like. That too is a one-off event; we're at smartphone saturation these days. I watched an ancient Tony Robbins video where a member of the audience came up and said his biggest food issue was pizza. Robbins spent 7 minutes getting him to reimagine pizza as a digusting, mold-covered triangle. I don't think that strategy would work for me. I understand trying to reframe things in a different way, but come on, unless they find a way to make pizza smell bad, I'm never going to believe it's a "disgusting" food I should avoid. It's just an unhealthy, carb-loaded food that's easy to binge on. Nicely summarized. I see this pattern playing out so frequently that I'm at the point where I'm starting to think no one bothers creating content or communities without an eventual commercial angle that ruins the intent of the first iteration. In terms of your notable exception, I'd say Indiehackers (now owned by Stripe) is still quite good. But perhaps that's because Stripe appears to be pretty hands-off at this point, and of course that could change. I've been fortunate to not have to use GD for anything other than a quick salary lookup and some reviews about the interview process. Even then, it's been mostly useless as it forces you to sign in after viewing a couple of pages, and the reviews are written mostly by people who didn't get the job. As you can imagine, most don't put a lot of thought into writing their reviews, or even recalling what the interview was like. If knowing about company culture is important to you, you're better off messaging someone on LinkedIn and ask for a quick coffee chat or something. > available on iPhone and iPad I understand if there's no web version, but no Android version in 2019 is ridiculous. That and the plus university research angle seems to indicate that this is a one-off app that is unlikely to be updated or maintained down the line. Honestly, outside of the tech innovation, FB's biggest "in" was its exclusivity. - First, you HAD to have a Harvard .edu address. For a lot of the general public, Harvard is top of mind when people think 'elite' institution - Next, they expanded it, but only to other US schools with .edu domains. That's when I joined, around 2005. - Finally, they opened it up to the general public everywhere, and by that time they were almost a household name globally. JRM is gunning for Tory leadership, so saying he's pro-Brexit is necessary to pre-empt another Farage-style provocateur from crying "open borders". Of course they behave differently when it's their own money on the line. I wish I could locate it now, but Dyson has penned a number of op-eds in the Guardian about the "skills gap" and how it's hard to hire in the UK because there aren't enough programmers, engineers etc. In the comments, people were asking, "Have you considered increasing employee compensation?" I think we all know the answer to that. The article correlates rising Bittorrent traffic with exclusive streaming deals without showing any causality. Disappointing. That being said, users are absolutely having to hunt and peck across different services as the article said. And this is not a simple matter of comparison shopping, as Netflix makes it impossible to actually view their catalogue without signing up. Once you sign up, you realize that shows don't have reviews anymore. Finally, it's all too obvious now that Netflix's preference these days is to dump all of its licensing deals and only have its own content on the platform. It wasn't an issue with 'prestige' brands like House of Cards and Stranger Things, but now there's a glut of straight-to-DVD-esque Netflix originals that they constantly bug you to check out. Honestly, if they ever drop Friends and The Office (shows with highly devoted followings), they're likely to see a big dropoff in subscribers. Stanford's undergraduate tuition is likely in the $200k+ range over 4 years; many other US schools have similar tuition fees. Why shouldn't CS students obsess about a 6-figure job? Also, FA_NG (left out Apple) doesn't sell anything other than surveillance and ads, and the mainstream use case of AR is superimposing dog ears on a selfie, what motivation is there for CS students to push the boundaries of their learning? > I haven't met any coding bootcamp graduates that have managed to get software jobs at FAANGs That's because the FAANGs already have stacks of resumes from Stanford, Caltech, MIT etc. Part of the diversity issue (academic and demographic) comes from the fact that they rarely recruit outside their comfort zone of 5-10 schools. I went to a highly ranked liberal arts college and in 4 years, I didn't have a single instructor that wasn't a PhD. I don't know what the salaries were like then, but even freshly minted PhDs can be over 30, meaning that from ages 22-30, they were making graduate/doctoral student stipend money at best. $95k at age 32-35 honestly doesn't seem like a lot if your savings at that age doesn't even hit 5 figures. > I know people working at minimum wage, never enrolled in college, If your starting point is "didn't go to college", then why comment on an article specifically about college students trying to enroll in a class? Would you suggest that in addition to a full course load + tuition, students should set time aside to learn on their own? When they already go to a school with a highly regarded CS program? Remember this story from not too long ago about getting rid of older workers at IBM? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16648000 Here's a choice quote: "But, the new documents added, employees had to waive the right to take their age cases to court. Instead, they had to pursue them through private arbitration. What’s more, they had to keep them confidential and pursue them alone. They couldn’t join with other workers to make a case." > Acting like unions are this amazing shining solution with no downsides is pure ignorance. People are talking about the benefits of unionization in a specific industry in response to the near-automatic narrative that unions are bad. You gave an example of an absurd regulation in a completely different industry. How does that tie into what collective bargaining in software dev would look like? > Another objection I had to unions is, they tend to promote an "us vs them" mentality, when instead, everyone should be working together. Look up prior posts here about salary negotiation for developers. You'll find that most of the advice and the resulting comments are in the "fuck you, pay me" vein. When doing day to day work, you and your employer are on the same team. When it comes to negotiating the conditions and compensation for that work, you are 100% on different teams. Nobody is talking about unionizing at a sub-10 person shop, aka the type of place where bootcamp grads learn the ropes. The companies unionization would affect are behemoths (FAANG but also HP, IBM, Oracle etc) that hire enormous numbers of people, few to none of whom would be a fresh bootcamp grad. > the employer side should also be numerous enough to establish an employer organisation. They are and they have; see US v. Adobe Systems Inc., et al. From the wiki article: "DOJ alleged in their Complaint that the companies had reached "facially anticompetitive" agreements that "eliminated a significant form of competition...to the detriment of the affected employees who were likely deprived of competitively important information and access to better job opportunities." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High-Tech_Employee_Antitrust_L... Unions organize in public, employers collude in secret. The fact that the companies proposed a settlement the day the suit was filed indicates they simply priced that into their cost-benefit analysis when they were colluding. There are lots of assumptions in your "this is how I'd get rich" plan. - A CS major at a state school in North Dakota doesn't go as far as one from say, the Cali state system. - A CS and Math/Econ double major in 3 years? How many people do that and have a GPA that isn't toilet-adjacent? - 'then go into finance/tech': If by 'finance' you mean IB/PE/HF, those firms don't recruit at state schools unless it's in a major metropolitan area or has a history of hiring alums. If you think you'll get into IB by just submitting an online application like the rest of the world, then good luck. Same for FAANG and the other companies that offer big salaries to fresh grads. They aren't exactly flocking to the SUNYs to pick up CS grads. I can definitely agree with your rephrasing. Unions can be large organizations too, and are certainly not immune to bureaucracy and the pursuit of short-term wins over long-term gains for the people they represent. I have a friend who's a Hack Reactor alum. There is simply no comparison between the rigor of their program and what the majority of bootcamps require. HR is incredibly selective in who they pick; they behave like an elite school in that regard. Their cohorts would likely be successful as self taught devs anyway, so HR knows they can push them hard. Most bootcamps focus on commerce first; if you can pay, you can attend. This is consistent with what we should expect when most users still use the same password (or predictable variation thereof) for their bank/email/social logins. That's tech industry marketing in a nutshell though. How many startup homepages promise "seamless integration with your stack" or "first-class customer experience" and fail to deliver? Nokia's tagline back in the day used to be "Connecting People", and yet today it is FB that brazenly repeats this ad nauseam in its press statements each time another breach of user privacy is revealed. Now that this art style is freely available, prepare to see it slathered over every new startup promising an API for your SaaS that integrates with their PaaS and builds a future-proof IaaS. The commenters jumping all over the "I'm not represented" angle are likely the same people who would opine "identity politics is killing this country" if the situation were reversed. Either way, these are SVG files and can be edited to switch out colors. That's the whole point of a library like this. What would be the remit of such a union? These companies likely compete with each other; Adobe and Apple for example have competing video editing products, and Jobs's letter sent Flash, another popular Adobe product to an early grave. So what would this employers' union do exactly? Of course! Our cloud-native, Agile-first team of DevOps rockstars are working on that as we speak. I don't think you're wrong. The point of this integration is to start connecting Whatsapp's giant database of phone numbers with Facebook Messenger/IG accounts. At this time, it's still possible to be anonymous on Whatsapp, but that ends once this project is completed. Been trying to get friends and family to switch to Signal since early 2017 with no luck. I've been using the mobile web version of FB for the last few years; aside from a couple of TV show community pages, I don't use it at all. Still, FB likely has a chunk of my contacts anyway from 2012 or whenever I last had it installed. Is this really true? I understand diehard fans going to tailgate parties, but don't the vast majority watch the event at a bar or at home? Do unpaid workers have cause to sue their employers for back pay with interest? What about damages? I live in Toronto and I use my feet + public transit for getting around, as do most people who don't want the hassle and expense of car ownership. I've yet to see a bus or streetcar stop that was inside of a nice warm building. I've managed to survive in -30C with finds from TJ Maxx/Marshalls, so I certainly wouldn't pay CG jacket prices, . I remember that! That system was so sensible, it was great when I was following the lessons on ExcelIsFun/VBAisFun. The next video in the series would play seamlessly. Now, thanks to the all powerful algorithm, I can watch a video about a rescued pitbull living with his new family, and have it followed up by "10 times Ben Shapiro owned the libs". Selling video/ebook courses on any of the following "get ___ quick" fads: - Crypto trading - Keto/Intermittent Fasting - Dropshipping on Amazon/Shopify - "Booty guides", namely Word docs converted to PDF w/ fitness routines and nutritional information sold by influencers/fitness models - Data Science/ML/AI ("skills of the future") - Learn to code-style courses ("Become a Web Developer 2019 Ultimate Package" and the like) > What is the catalyst for any action/change in regards to reversing these trends? My unscientific opinion on this is that these articles will continue to appear as living standards in rich countries continues to fall due to living costs outstripping wage growth, and the outsourcing of more and more work to other countries. The wealth enjoyed by the rich world in the post-WW2 order has been built up by international cooperative agreements done to maintain peace but also generate income and build markets (Highway Bill, GI Bill, Marshall Plan, EEA trading bloc, GATT/WTO etc). These days, it feels like we are experiencing the last trickle of dividends from those days. The structure of the economy has been predominantly service-oriented economy for decades now, but now it's about doing more with fewer people. Realistically, I don't know what kinds of jobs will continue to provide middle-class salaries in the volumes that were available before. If you worked as a customer support rep, you've been offshored. If you worked as a trucker, automation is coming; you won't be fired, but you won't be driving as much and you won't get paid as much. Thousands of trucker and miners looking to 'retrain' as front-end developers is a pipe dream pushed by politicians since time immemorial. There simply aren't enough jobs in those roles. > If there were any solid ideas coming from anybody in terms of helping millennials those ideas would have political traction. The United States government is coming out of a month-long shutdown because the idea with political traction (the big, beautiful wall) was completely unworkable. Let's not underestimate what flies and doesn't fly in the arena of American political thought. I've done the 'try a different coffee shop' thing. It's cost-effective, but it's unpredictable. Let's say you arrive at 8AM; you'll face the morning rush of commuters, wait a long time to place your order, look around and realize there are no free tables. Or, you arrive one day and your "usual table" is taken. Or that each time you get up to use the bathroom, you risk giving up your table to someone looking for a place to sit. Or that after a week or so, the baristas know you by name and you start feeling self-conscious about your squatting. All these things seem small but can erode away your potential productivity. Sometimes brute force is what's required to get people to cough up their payment details. iTunes had people paying $1 to buy individual, DRM-ridden (since removed) tracks at a time when Limewire and BitTorrent were popular. I believe it was partially the UX that got people spending. For example, ITunes won't grab album art for the tracks in your library by default. You'll have to have an iTunes account with a registered CC number. Retrieving the art is free, but it can't happen without those payment details. I dislike looking at collections that don't have the art displayed, so I put in my CC. So now, when you're exploring the interface and come across some new music/movies you're interested in, the friction involved in purchasing is near-zero; point, click, confirm the purchase and it's yours. At some point, someone will create a CMS plugin of some kind that adds a "purchase this article for $0.50" banner and handles the payment processing and fees. The challenge will be to incentivize users to put their details in. Comparative advantage. The amount banks could earn on their traditional products and services dwarfs whatever pennies they'd scrounge up by creating a B2C Patreon replacement. What happens when Netflix no longer carries your favourite show, and now you're paying $X for a service you use less and less? I believe I used the same thing in college (also 2005); something that let you share and download files from other people's Itunes libraries. I was blown away by it the first time I used it; totally seamless. Thank the lord that Slsk is still running. There is simply soo much material out there Spotify and the like will never have because they were unofficial live bootlegs, weird studio outtakes and obscure EPs and singles. Case in point: anybody ever listened to "Towering over the Rest?" It's a 20+ track compilation of Radiohead's B-sides and live cuts from 1993-2000. Never officially released, since the tracks were always available inside of individual singles, EPs and 7"s. Listening to it gave me a completely different perspective on the band's output, which I mostly knew through full albums. Discoveries like that now have to happen via Spotify playlists, and even then you couldn't reproduce that entire compilation simply because Spotify wouldn't have the license for some of those releases, which came out 25 years ago and on labels that no longer exist. > My own experience with MySpace was that every page I landed on looked like a dumpster fire. Reading this, I finally get what people mean when they say "But Snapchat is supposed to have an unintuitive UI". I was big into editing Myspace HTML back in the day. There were simply so many possibilities. The design was an extension of your style, howrver crude and unfinished it might have been. Here's my FB setup that has in fact been good for my MH: My feed contains: - Strongly moderated meme pages based on screenshots from a TV show. No political posts allowed. Everyone's here to partake in the shared enjoyment of a show. - Nothing from friends; 1-on-1 is better, and most status updates are networking-style humblebrags anyway. - Nothing from news sites; this should be obvious to anyone who's seen how the algorithm operates. - Nothing from Events: my event invites (posted on FB) arrive via email notification. Result? I almost never check my FB except when I actively think about wasting time with some dumb memes. A big part of why it's hard to leave FB is because it's become a part of people's everyday ritual. I recommend starting to unfollow some pages and people, and see how that impacts your FB use. Slowly, you can taper it off more and more. While Newport's idea is solid, the book really isn't worth reading past the first 50-75 pages, where the majority of the ideas are communicated. Unfortunately, bloat is a problem in almost all types of management/self-improvement books, so I don't want to single him out here. I have the same complaint about his earlier book, "So Good they Can't Ignore you". It's the difference between one-way and two-way methods of communication as well as past events vs live events. TV shows are static, they are completely unchanged by your personal opinion as you watch it. You cannot submit a comment on a TV episode, nor is there any mechanism for the episode to reflect the impact of your comment (likes, replies, etc.) In fact, even FB/Twitter/IG aren't "real-time". They don't show all the likes as they're coming in. They specifically delay showing the full number so you have a reason to come back and re-check. If you see a higher number of likes, you're going to come back again to re-check. They dictate what you run on the phone if it requires using their native SDK. Aside from the Flash event almost a decade ago, they haven't tried to restrict web content Websites have had comments sections since well before social networks took off. Even in the Geocities days, you had "Sign my Guestbook/View my Guestbook". Some truly old-school websites, like Mark Prindle Reviews, included email responses from people who read his work. Trying to shoehorn social media profile integration into this system will eventually end up influencing the content, and once more it'll be a race to the bottom, with everyone posting stuff only for other people's validation. It shouldn't work that way for the 'weird web'. This is essentially a Reddit-like setup. I do use FB Messenger to talk to friends but aside from that, FB for me is basically Reddit with real names. I don't really make use of the "social" aspect, as I've had the account since 2005 or so and posting on people's walls became passe around 2010 or so. > Do you think they have difficulty retaining senior talent because they are underpaying or that Tesla is a shit-show to work for? The latter; I can't imagine exec compensation at Tesla is bad. That said, the CFO role is going to be very tough when they have major financial obligations coming due this year. And seeing as how the boss is a guy who proselytizes ideas straight out of science fiction comics, I'm guessing he won't be very understanding when the CFO says "I can't just move these numbers around". On HN, Reddit and a number of other STEM-leaning forums, MBAs are only good if they can be used to support a position Musk takes on something. Because it sounds suspiciously like a battlefield promotion. The ex-CFO is 'retiring' at age 56, shortly after returning to the company? And the guy replacing him had just been appointed to a VP role mere weeks ago. Pretty big step up. I made a SVG shape in Vectr for a typographic logo I was creating (not a designer). The SVG included some text, for which I used one of the Google fonts included in Vectr. When I exported it, the graphic was 400KB or something ridiculous. I put it into SVGOMg, and it quickly identified the font as the culprit. I removed the font and the file size went to 0.6KB. Does Illustrator include the file size of the font when it exports to SVG? Yeah well, this CFO left, then came back, then left again. Totally different situation! Stop trying to help the short sellers! /s This is a joke, right? It's hard to tell because online Musk fans often give off the air of a new cult member, where everything the leader says is true, and any criticism is false. Finance is a 'new science'? Maybe if you're building trading algorithms, but that's not what a CFO does. And the thing about not wanting to work long hours is ridiculous when that's what every CPA is doing during tax, audit and earnings seasons. By providing information about the new CFO, one that the CEO didn't even bother providing a last name for? The challenge in building such a community is that PM is a highly sought after job in the tech sector, so any forum or website built around PM discussion is inevitably going to turn into something like Medium, which today is a list of poorly written thought pieces by (mostly) amateurs. MS waited far too long to add things liken Ublock and Ghostery to Edge. I see they are available now, but for at least a year after its release, there were no such extensions in the app store. In this day and age, using a browser without an adblocker makes it hard to consider switching away from your current setup. Firefox it is then. I have defaulted to Chrome because of DevTools and I'm just used to the keyboard shortcuts. I have Firefox on OSX already, and it runs smoothly. Unfortunately mobile Firefox (while supporting all those extensions), has a jittery scroll issue on Android, so I use the Chromium-based Kiwi Browser (for night mode) or Brave (for built in adblocking). > The program can dissect a financial report the moment it appears and spit out an immediate news story that includes the most pertinent facts and figures. As an accountant in a prior life, I can tell you that this approach won't provide anything near "the most pertinent facts". That's because public earnings reports are written specifically to circumvent automated analysis. Wall Street firms have tools in place to scrape the data tables from those PDFs, and even then the technology isn't perfect, because layouts aren't standardized (merged cells, table built in InDesign, etc). At best, it will get the headline numbers right, which are meaningless without context. What does a quarterly profit of $3.3m for MSTR mean without benchmarking against its competitors, or taking the macroeconomic environment (interest rates, etc) into account? The headline numbers on the balance sheet, P&L and cash flow statement don't say nearly as much as the notes to those statements, which often contain minute details that are extremely relevant for investors and analysts. Trained accountants and analysts can miss details when reading through those, so how is AI going to parse it any better? Unfortunately, this smacks of "quantity of articles" over quality of analysis, the latter of which represents why journalism is valuable and necessary. Twitter is full of tales of people using the camera filters on their phone to change their appearance on Tinder, Match etc. What do you call body dysmorphia when what you see in the mirror doesn't match what you see on your phone in every Instagram/Snap post of yours? Bill Gates' career trajectory: - Access to a computer lab in high school, something not common at all in the '70s, was making small computer apps before his freshman year - Attends Harvard, meets Paul Allen (working at Honeywell nearby) and Steve Ballmer (Math + Econ). - Gets a chance to pitch Basic (or whatever it was) to a higher-up at IBM, since Gates' mom was on the board of United Way and could arrange an introduction. There's a lot of stuff that goes unsaid in a LinkedIn profile. Check out the Excel version of the 10-Q report for Tesla, generated by Morningstar Research software [1]. Lots of merged cells, with some column labels appearing one column adjacent from the data it's describing. And you still need the HTML/PDF version because the Excel includes only the numbers, and not things like risk disclosure or management's comments about the earnings. As 'structured data' goes, it's nowhere near where it needs to be to support 'instant article generation' beyond anything but the shallowest headline numbers. The consolidated financial statements all have appendices (notes) with relevant details. The case study you linked to simply indicates only that reduced man-hours significantly by automating the process of manually picking numbers and putting them into an article template. They may as well be putting out a press release. Although the topic of the post is how automation affects financial journalism, it bears mentioning that an analysts' job is to reverse engineer the report to see how they arrived at those numbers. The vendors' auto-generated reports never include formulas, so you'll have to be doing your own calculations as part of your due diligence. For instance, if they're trading at a high P/E ratio, how much of that is due to positive investor sentiment and not related to recent buybacks? The headline numbers won't reveal that, but past data and the notes to the financial statements usually will. If their cash balance says $x billion, how much of that came from convertible bond issues that are coming due in the next 12 months? [1] http://ir.tesla.com/sec-filings?field_nir_sec_form_group_tar... Hah, certainly an interesting interpretation of that law. But 'intent' matters as well, and tech corps can always point to A/B testing, usability testing etc to show what we already know: everyone wants to be healthier, handsomer and richer than they actually are. Social media enables this via a constant feedback loop of our human frailties. It's when you behave online like you are 15 years old. Everything about you has to scream 'enlightened contrarian' or 'devil's advocate' otherwise you'll become one of those conformists clicking their fingers to Taylor Swift and Imagine Dragons. Conversations with them are impossible and frustrating because they aren't looking to talk to someone, they're looking to talk AT someone and collect as many upvotes as possible. Reddit was a like a bridge between old-school vBulletin forums and nascent 'social media' when it launched; it explains why a lot of newer users find its UI hard to deal with. It never even seemed like they cared about revenue, because they didn't mess with API access for third party app developers, and didn't even have a responsive website until relatively recently. I was thinking more like r/unpopularopinion. r/politics is wall to wall with Trump posts, gets tiring within the first few minutes. I'll do business with whoever offers the best terms at the lowest risk to me. If my business is ranting online about the political wedge issue of the day and e-panhandling, I'd avoid Patreon. They can tell the faithful to send a check to a PO box. Works for televangelists, no reason it wouldn't work for 'thought leaders'. It's because Patreon's whole brand revolves around the Twitterverse/Twitch/Youtube universe. People who sponsor creators on Patreon are likely to engage much more intensively with the creators than a regular person. This post wouldn't get a fraction of the visibility if it had been posted on some Gitgub pages blog with an RSS button. Lobbying would be toothless without campaign contributions. Money on the table is the only reason why lobbyists get meetings and average citizens get a full voicemail inbox and templated auto-response. No, for the same reason that astroturfing online about sending the troops into south side Chicago isn't a campaign contribution; it's not exchanging money for influence. With your example, Hillary Clinton would be a billionaire for doing that inane dance on Ellen. Can I ask, with 32 years in the business, are you in a management (or less technical) position now, or still 'in the trenches'? Is there a difference in the likelihood of ageism in management roles v developer roles? It is the ancient philosophy of nickel-and-diming employees in low-margin hospitality sector businesses. I don't have access to the financials, but at no point has 'on demand food delivery' seemed to be anything other than a highly risky business servicing an extremely price-sensitive market. Damn this takes me back. I'm 10 years old and my 'gaming setup' is my mom's 386 work computer. No sound card, so I played and completed games like Doom I, Chip's Challenge (built-in w/ Win 3.1 I believe) and Allan Border's Cricket with those beeps and boops. The poster is likely referring to how Pinterest links now dominate Google image search results. Clicking on the Pinterest link takes you to the Pinterest website, and not the actual image source. Pinterest will often block you from viewing the page unless you sign in or create an account. I think that's the point the author is making. The benchmarks for "success" are different if you're in the SV VC-funded startup world. What may be a sustainable 10-person staff e-commerce business would be seen as a failure in some circles because it didn't grow fast enough to IPO, which is all VCs care about. I would not pay a fee to Big Tech, since that's not how their business model works. They wouldn't be billion dollar companies if they started off by offering email for $1/month or whatever. They would have turned away 90%+ of their users the second they asked for your credit card information. Why do you think SV companies are measured on the basis of 'user growth/engagement' rather than actual cash? It's because the value of the company is based on the size of their userbase, not the actual quality of their product. Once network effects are established and switching costs have increased, that's when you can really start to compromise on the product to start meeting business objectives. Well sure, online services in 2019 are better than what was available in 1999. The question is, could those services not have improved by the same magnitude without the insane levels of tracking and ads that led to ad-driven (rather than product-driven) business models? - Email - Instant Messaging - Forums - Online shopping - Online payment processing - Streaming video - Maps and Navigation Only the latter two services were not available at the same level of quality 20 years ago, and that would be due to technological limitations. If those companies offer a product worth paying for, they won't have to. WSJ has had a paywall since 2005, NYT since 2011. The web back then was full of 'hobbyist' websites covering film, music and art. Those websites might have been ugly, but they felt genuine because the person creating content wasn't begging for likes, follows and shares, nor were they stretching 2 mins of content to 10 to meet Youtube's minimum length requirements for video ads. The companies you say would have to shut down are VC-backed "digital media plays" focused on junk food content that attracts eyeballs and ad dollars. There is no shortage of time-waster websites that would pop up to take their place. People pay for Adobe CC, Sketch, AWS hosting, ProtonMail etc, because it's something they feel is worth paying for. They don't pay for 9gag, TMZ or Buzzfeed because they consider them to be time wasters. While I agree that teaching HTML and CSS well before jumping into frameworks is the right way to go, I can't blame students who're looking for what will most likely get them hired tomorrow. If you are of working age, learning this shit is not fun, because you won't have time to build cool hobbyist mini-sites "just for me and my friends". It is a seemingly never-ending race just to keep up with the state of the art, let alone needing to know "just enough" about version control, hosting, redirects, SSL and resisting the temptation of "shiny new tech" that looks great but won't put food on the table today. With all that said, it's ridiculous to even have to know HTML or CSS, or even a WYSIWIG CMS at all to put up text, audio and pictures on a 2D plane. How is it that web browsers are able to grab my location, turn on my webcam, etc and yet not offer a way for me to create a web page right there in the console? It'd be hard for them to prove that they were the originator of the meme, simply because there is no 'reverse image search' for a meme template; they're designed to be as generic as possible, so that you can mark it up with text that's relatable to your audience. The foundation of HTML and CSS was separation of concerns, yet the most popular web app framework mixes HTML, CSS and JS together and says that it's fine. That's the first moment of confusion for students who are learning React after doing the basic HTML/CSS courses. Someone who can build a static site (not Hugo/Jekyll/whatever) in HTML and CSS and upload it via sFTP will struggle to understand loop functions in a database-driven CMS, which require some knowledge of a server-side language. Same goes with learning Git; there's a big jump in perceived complexity when you go from coding inside Sublime Text and typing commands into a Terminal. > This is a weak economy if you're a laborer and not a capitalist. Replace capitalist with monopolist and I'd agree. How many capitalists make losses for 20 years and not only stay in their job, but actually become the world's richest person? Where would Uber be if they couldn't use VC money to undercut taxi companies, and subsidize hundreds of millions in losses. And let's not even get started on the issue of offshore tax avoidance, something your local hardware store will never have access to. What is Twitter other than a way for celebrities and consumer brands to advertise to their customers? I suppose with paid-for follows and retweets from click farms, you can position yourself as an 'influencer' and get a gig pitching slim tea, or testosterone gel or something out of a late night TV infomercial. The whole thing feels highly commercialized and yet, at the same time, very gauche, like stepping into a neighbourhood where the only stores sell payday loans, bail bonds and liquor. I follow ~12-15 people in my industry who are knowledgeable about stuff, but honestly, that makes Twitter extremely boring. I'm starting to realize that the drama and beefs (often manufactured) is what keeps ordinary people coming to a medium where they aren't even the intended customer. Toronto Starbucks: $4.95 for a grande cafe macchiato, which becomes $5.60 w/ tax. Even the cheapest black coffee is $3 I believe. The selling point of BC for me is the sense of community. You can see reviews of releases from other fans, and you cannot post a review unless you've paid up, which eliminates 99% of trolls/shit-stirrers. It definitely helps that BC is focused on independent artists and doesn't seem interested in pushing grand visions of a global musical monoculture in the way Spotify does (those pretentious Year in Music retrospectives, Drake, "chill beats playlist", Lana del Rey etc). BC lets users stream every track at least a couple of times before asking you to pay. This 'free plays limit' resets after a few days, so theoretically, you wouldn't have to pay to hear it ever. I like the reminder because I'm more willing to support independent artists, and if I get the prompt for a song I like, why not pay $5-8 or whatever to have it in my collection? What you described is more or less covered in the T&C's checkbox you ticked when you created your account. And even if Spotify had appended their marketing language with the "but we track you, never forget that", would that have somehow made you turn off the adblocker? Well this would have to be a special kind of bread where the inventory amount does not change when a loaf is consumed. Bear in mind, this loaf can also only be eaten inside of the grocery store. You cannot leave the store with the bread, because it is welded to the infrastructure of the grocery. Not paying for a gym membership would be a better example. You're using up available capacity without giving the gym a way to monetize your presence there. Nothing wrong w/ LDR at all, I was taking issue with Spotify's nudging behaviour like "Hey, millions are listening to these artists, why aren't you?", when my listening history would clearly indicate that I'm not interested in those artists. Old-school sites like last.fm used user-submitted tags to link my listening history to new artists I'd probably enjoy. You don't need any fancy machine learning for this kind of basic pattern recognition. Spotify could obviously do this, but like Netflix, Amazon etc, they choose to push artists that make them the most money. Those two scenarios aren't mutually exclusive. One hand washes the other, the distinction is only between who gives the order and who carries it out. "Delivering value to customers"? It's a website-cum-message board. There is no further value to deliver via software features; all of that work is going towards meeting the needs of advertisers. And advertisers are asking them to show what they are doing to combat adblocking. FB isn't doing this to target customers least likely to convert, they're doing it to check a box for their ad sales team. That's what I was going to suggest. If you're a non-coder who needs a portfolio site, you already have a body of work ready to show. Put that up on a Squarespace site with a nice template instead of wasting time going through HTML/CSS video courses to create one from scratch. If you're genuinely interested in building from the ground up, definitely go ahead. But if that's not really your goal, you will almost certainly be disappointed with your first site. HTML/CSS courses don't cover design (typography, element spacing, color palettes), so you'll look at your site, you'll know it's ugly but you won't know why. And you won't want to put it online, thereby wasting even more time. Don't do that. Let your work speak for you, and don't feel embarrassed about using a template. Your audience cares about the quality of your content only, they will be completely oblivious to what is happening behind the scenes. > Which makes me think, where do we draw the line in terms of web page size? We look at the business case. TVS' website would be a disaster if it was targeted at the general public, with millions of hits each day. But it's not. His work on Spotify however does have to be optimized for that audience. His personal site however can be whatever. It's showcased on industry sites like awwwards.com and the like, and those sites are all form, no function. In this environment, Pretty = useful, because it makes his work more noticeable, which is good for getting consulting work.