If this is a BSA campaign, just looking at the youtube comments, it's kind of stupid, because people are supporting the guy as a result and speaking badly about BSA. I always dismount cheap power supplies, to see their quality for myself. I check for creepage, clearance distances, noise filtering circuits, transformer quality, grounding quality if appropriate, build quality, circuit sophistication, appropriate wire gauge, protection fuses, etc. Some of those I checked had none of the above. I enjoy understanding electronic circuits. But it is also important, I believe. Just reading the list of unsafe banned products from EU markets, a lot of the time it is these cheap power adapters. And I can absolutely understand why. This doesn't make any sense to me. If attacker can intercept connections I'd rather he get the hash than the plaintext password. At least then actual password is still not compromised, which is good, given how many people share passwords accross services. If he can tamper with connections, there's nothing that can be done anyway. It would be very nice if there was a feature in web browser that allowed user to opt in to something like this: When there's a password input on a website: 1] automatically take website's domain concatenate it to plaintext password 2] generate a secure hash from 1] 3] Derive some reasonably portable text password (20-30 characters) from 2] 4] Make it so that original web page never has access to user's plaintext password 5] Submit result of 3] Downsides: 1] Stupid websites enforcing password rules other than length (can be worked around mostly transparently). 2] Extra stupid websites limiting password length. (requires user interaction and configurable exceptions for such websites) 3] Can't login with browsers that don't implement this. This would be very nice for people who share passwords between services. Also would make web service data leaks less valuable to attackers. User would not depend on service password handling quality and/or operator's morality. I use different passwords for each and every service. But many people can't be bothered or don't get the risks of password sharing, so it would be at least some help to them. Very little, around 60kB free if writing programs in C language. Strncpy is not used correctly either. strncpy(ifr.ifr_name, dev, IFNAMSIZ); will not necessarily NULL terminate ifr.ifr_name for all values of dev variable. NULL terminated input is assumed later when ifr.ifr_name is used in strcpy. Yeah, I don't know either. I went as far as to write spkg (spkg.megous.com) in 2006, just to replace the funcionality of pkgtools bash scripts without adding new features. (imporving robustness and speed) I never got any response from the Slackware team. I guess they're just very very conservative. I loved my Slackware times for the learning experience. But it was hell of a lot of work to use it. Also, it can still catch bugs even in javascript. It's not related to C at all, as original article states. Equality operator is commutative (sans operand side effects). It's not a quirk. > The thing is, when you hoard wealth as numbers on a balance sheet rather than spending it, you are actually destroying that wealth. Money which is not in motion is not money. People who withold their stash of money from the market cause deflation, meaning they just increased the value of money in other people's pockets (what others can buy for the same amount of cash). So there's no loss for other people in the economy. The only loser is the company doing the witholding and its employees. Other people had already benefited from the iPhone they bought or whatever. Absolute amount of money in the economy doesn't matter much. Seems like nonsense witchhunt based on three numbers: "The estimated amount of money laundered globally in one year is 2 - 5% of global GDP[1]" "...government charges, Liberty Reserve processed 55 million separate financial transactions and laundered $6 billion in criminal proceeds. [2]" (I assume they just summed up total amount of transactions here, just because they can...) "Budovsky admitted in his plea agreement to laundering more than $250 million in criminal proceeds. [3]" So, $250 mil. is 4% of $6 bn. Which is within normal range of money laundering rates. He's getting it probably because he wasn't licensed and wasn't giving up data, or something like that. [1] https://www.unodc.org/unodc/en/money-laundering/globalizatio... [2] http://abcnews.go.com/US/black-market-bank-accused-launderin... [3] https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/founder-liberty-reserve-plead... I always wonder at lack of reciprocal thinking in these kinds of views. People don't mind buying cheap stuff from foreign countries but think there's something wrong or bad when the people that received their money use that money to buy something in their country. This is exactly part of the whole deal. It's inseparable. Why would they sell you something in the first place if they couldn't buy anything back? No. What it seems like is that they want more flexibility while developing GNOME (6 month cycle as it is now), and provide some stability for outside users of GTK+ too (2 year cycle). Beta releases are done within the regular 6 month cycle. Perhaps the authors of the toolkit are better positioned to judge what the release policy and development approach should be. They take long term stability requirement of outside parties into account with this new approach. I'm not sure why they couldn't use the benefit of being in control of the toolkit while developing GNOME, and write some adapter layer, like KDE. So if extradited he may be tried. Now has jury of your peers (fellow citizens) any meaning in case of trying a non-US citizen? Jurors must be US citizens, but they will not be his peers, really. Not much difference: {{ var | escape }} Nevertheless, I used DOM/libxml on the server side in PHP/C, since 10 years ago, and was happy about it. It avoids all the other the template issues (balancing open/close tags, etc.) very well. A few helper functions and you're good to go, with simplicity, flexibility and speed you will not get from any templating library in PHP. Though, some coding customers don't know what to make of it. Some people have trouble with not being able to see HTML in the code, because "where do I paste my Google Analytics code?". I wish for icon fonts to die. I don't mind website designers defining what fonts to use. That choice is almost always something I don't want, unless it's serif or sans-serif. I can override that choice with my own, which is better for me. Having the same font on every website increases readability and pleasure of using the web. Browsers allow for this in the user visible configuration, perhaps for this reason. Also, security. I don't trust random fonts from the internet, to not be malicious, so I disable them all. If I choose readability and security, use a normal browser feature to do this, by disabling website enforced font choice, the website should not break. Icon fonts are definitely a hack. There's no fallback to anything sensible when the font can't be used. It just breaks, and the website is unusable. At least use a title attribute, so that when hovering over some random character I can see what the supposed icon I never saw stands for. Especially when used for icon only navigational controls. And this is not even related to accessibility. Perhaps designers assume that they are in full control of their website appearance, and don't include into consideration user's choices, enabled by various browser options/configurations. Not that much bloated. And it can be quite readable if done well. You also don't need to learn peculiarities of for loops or macro language in a given templating system. The host language is it's own macro language with all the features you already know, and not limited to whatever template language authors decided to implement. Beginners also forget about balancing HTML tags, which is quite unpleasant experience when creating and changing more complicated templates with loops, conditions, etc. You can also do post-processing on the constructed DOM, even during construction. Bloated code only happens if the programmer fails to structure the code into nicely re-usable functions. Anyway, it seems to be quite popular right now with all the react hype - React.createElement is such a helper function to help construct DOM tree. It's pretty much the same concept on the server side. Except you don't need to care about DOM diffing, because server has no persistent DOM. el.email = document.createElement('input'); el.email.type = "email"; OTOH, governments sure love alcohol. Consumption and VAT tax adds to 50% on hard alcohol. There's a lot of profit to be made. Gov makes many times more than the actual producer. Denaturation is just a way of pleasing industrial users, while keeping the exorbiant profits from drinkers. If they could, they would tax the industrial users too. It's a blood money because of artificially increased incetives for unsafe production of alcohol. Which killed and blinded people in the past. Even those who thought were buying the "good" taxed alcohol because of supply chain contamination. Cynical view perhaps. Though when thinking about effective measures the government decision making is always contaminated by losing their precisous billions of $. (non-US) Income tax on companies. That's income that would possibly lead to capital creation/accumulation - and was redirected to other uses by the centralized decision making of the government. I think that counts as "means of production the state has forcefully taken in Sweden". Would be nice if affected end users actually complained to google when they randomly break a website, based on the network speed. Then the Chrome devs would perhaps think twice about breaking old APIs. You assume this technique is always bad. It is not. It is a simple way to load scripts from JS with browser forcing serialization of the script exectution. It should be developer's decision to choose whether he prefers speed or simplicity in a given context. How do you know? Doesn't make sense given the end of the interview, unless the recruiter was being completely disingenuous. The recruiter recomended the interviewee getting some education in the topics he asked about. Dumbing stuff down is not the same as giving the exact answer on some cheat sheet you've nerver seen. Available jobs increase with population. Additional people need more services, goods, etc. This leads to increased demand. In other words, more people are needed to produce stuff for more people. In Czech Republic, it's even more pronounced. The government accepted in total about 20 immigrants from Syria so far and if you read comments on the internet, or watch demonstrations, it's like the end of the world is coming. Also some of the fear might be quite shallow. There was a report of some old lady in the village that accepted some refugees. She was first afraid when asked about newcomers, stating fears that are commonly represented in the media. Then when she was told that they have children, and lack some stuff, she went there and donated some clothes. Hardliners that join fringe political parties are probably quite different. But also less open to reason. But I suspect that most people's fears can be quite easily ameliorated. So, why does this need to be so secret? Also, in what sense is it secret? Is there some punishment, the affected grandmother is facing for talking to the media about the case? Just try to eval a sample of ES6 syntax you use, and if it throws error, load ES5 code. You'd need to feature check all the features that you use, to cover the browser versions with incomplete ES6 support. Nice reference to Scott Fitzgerald. :) Orange Pi PC works perfectly well with mainstream kernel + a few patches. Ethernet, HDMI, frequency scaling. Audio is also in the works. So much negativity and misinformation here. Orange PI PC boards are well designed, with attention to things that many other board makers fail at, like heat spreading, space for heat sink (you don't really need one usually), quality DC connector, fine grained CPU voltage regulation, USB not being crippled by on-board hub, etc. Mainline support is also progressing well. With some patches you can get temperature regulation, HDMI support, audio support now on mainline kernel. Video decoding is also progressing as someone noted in other comments. SoC on Orange PI PC is also very nice for people who care about not having binary blobs running show on some hidden internal processor. There is additional OpenRISC CPU on the SoC, but it doesn't run by default on mainline kernel, and you can also program it yourself, without too much trouble. Armbian supports these boards quite well, including video decoding support. Allwinner is also not that bad at releasing code/datasheets. They release a lot of code. The issue is that it is designed for old kernels (3.4, 3.10) so it's not directly usable/easily portable to newer kernels. But still it is helpful and community is actively working on mainlining the support for various SoC parts. Orange PI PC (H3 soc) is quite usable as a desktop for web browsing and audio/video playback. I'm glad to see H5, because it looks like performance wise it will be still better and I'm also optimistic about the open source software support in the future. It certainly is a very motivating board to develop for at the current price/performance level. The only annoying thing I find is Mali GPU. Forbes looks like quote of the day website that's progressively enhanced to a online newspaper if you care about enabling JavaScript. Progressive enhancement was nice while it lasted. Slowdown will turn fairly quickly into a major speedup if you're trying to do operations on multiple files. systemd? News article: https://www.novinky.cz/internet-a-pc/421417-google-postihl-v... (Czech) Internet traffic dropped by half or more in many places. I would provide a link to graphs, but it might kill the already struggling website of the internet exchange organization. > This is not a move made by the Indian government to push surveillance or other nefarious purposes. So why do you need ID when changing the notes? It looks like move to approximately sum up who had how much money in cash. There's something wrong in making things go away by going away from the victims, when they possibly need help, without even stopping. Save the internet by dropping icon fonts altogether. You save a lot of bandwidth, and you stop breaking the web. It might have been different if America had not 110000 people to deal with, but 5000000. It might have found its own final solution for the Japanese. Nazis only got to the final solution quite a bit into the war. There were various plans over the previous years to move undesirable people elsewhere, like Madagascar, etc. This actually feels kind of good to me as someone who's trying to get his code into the kernel. Big guys are not getting any special treatment. It feels fair. I approach this differently. There are a few use cases I go to the web for. For each use case that is not a free browsing I create an electron app, that never executes any code from the web or uses any external style. It only uses XHR to fetch html pages/json data/other static stuff and then transforms that data and uses it in the custom UI designed for the use case. For example one use case is collection of news. My app looks almost like a typical RSS feed reader, except that article content is full and interactive. I can inline stupid image galleries that break article flow, I can convert custom video players into a simple tag, I can drop what I don't care for. I can switch between tor/non-tor mode in a secure way that doesn't leak anything and is probably more secure than torbrowser. I have direct access to any OS programs, so I can easily open m3u8 videos in mpv player on one click or using a keyboard shortcut, or I can download streaming videos locally and convert them to mp4 on the fly, save useful content of the pages to the database, including relevant images, etc. All JS code is controlled by me, web servers serve me only as data sources. What is key to make this fun and useful is structuring the app as a unified UI for multiple data sources and to be able to define data sources quickly. Fortunately ES6 generators can be used in a way that makes fetching and transforming data without the need for callbacks, or promises very easy and clear. Adding a new source is usually a matter of minutes. It is also nice that when improving the UI, I get a new feature for all the websites that I frequent at once. It allows me to consume content the way I want, without much exposure to tracking. All the website gets from me is an access_log entry, no cookies, nothing. I'd say I'm quite ahead of the "war" between users and advertising networks. It does a lot more replacements, depending on the architecture. Even a simple a/b or a%b will get replaced with function call on many archs. Obama is the worst president for whistleblowers and leakers in american history, by far, having prosecuted more of them for espionage than all presidents before him combined. So this would be quite a surprise. I like the fact that the site includes all killed people. With 20% civilian casualties rate, the recent announcement of 50000 killed people in Syria/Iraq means US may have directly killed 10000 civilians in just the last two years there. https://airwars.org/ reports a lower number though. But theirs is a very conservative estimate. I wonder when will this escalation stop. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/isis-500... You should read again. They might as well be more open about this on the actual page. Duktape website: "Embeddable, portable, compact: can run on platforms with 192kB flash and 64kB system RAM" https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/live/2017/jan/28/world-d... Here are some stories of what is this causing to people around the world, ATM. "Hamaseh Tayari, a UK resident who holds an Iranian passport, has been on holiday in Costa Rica with her boyfriend for the last week. She was due to fly back to Glasgow, where she works as a vet, this morning but was denied entry onto the flight because her flight went via New York and she would need a transit visa, which was revoked. Tayari and her boyfriend are trying to find an alternative route home. A flight to Madrid on the 30 January will cost them £2000 and they’ll still have to find a way from there to Glasgow. She says: “We had been saving for months for this holiday and it will cost me a month’s salary just to get home. " Misleading statistic. Compare the distribution of people who asked to immigrate, not the population of the whole country. Haha, this was the same argument used by traditional Taxi companies againt Uber. :D This is rich. Other thing that is massively underreported on much bigger scale than actual air strikes are civilian casualties. Presumably so that Americans, or Russians or whoever of the other N countries that bomb people regularly can justify killing thousands of civilians in middle east a year by mistake. It is not a mistake though, it's a calculated acceptable collateral murder where the government determines some acceptable ratio of civcas vs combatant deaths and goes with that. Of course, now if civcas are underreported by the order of magnitude, ... https://airwars.org/ Other thing to ponder is that US claims it killed around 50 000 terrorists in the last two years. Think about that. Those are supposed to be people who are said to be threat to US citizens or allies and therefore are OK to be killed by USG even at the cost of killing bystanders. Americans should start asking themselves who are these people they are supporting the murder of. Don't stop at the terrorist label. Humanizing "them" might not be fun though, because you'll inevitably run into your propagandized fellow citizens, and start feeling decidedly not good about their capacity for empathy or nuance in understanding the world. https://airwars.org Syria: Assad complained about that in recent interview with Belgian press. It's also hard to say he's against ISIS. But anyway, he's a dictator and a paranoic who sees terrorists everywhere and can't even fathom that opposition against him may be legitimate, so his permission means nothing really. http://www.globalresearch.ca/president-al-assad-to-belgian-m... [I'm not endorsing this website in any way. It just was the first in the google that had a transcript of the interview.] Cluster munitions are bad, but you have to consider that people often try to hide in houses, in cellars during air raids in the city. Cluster munition will not do much to those people, other than being insanely noisy and terrifying. What will kill those people is a bomb that will drop the house on them. Indiscriminate killing is a function of decision making process, not the munition itself. There's a new documentary coming this year. It was mentioned in one of the lectures on 33C3. What it is about may be a part of it. https://fahrplan.events.ccc.de/congress/2016/Fahrplan/events... Australia is one of the least transparent countries with regards to airstrikes. It would be nice if there was public pressure for them to be more transparent. https://twitter.com/airwars/status/822008554316066816 I understand that. People try to collect the bomblets afterwards though, especially in the city. So the harm is somewhat limited. We had elections in communist Czechslovakia too, where the party got 99% of votes, just like with Assads. Was it democratic? No. It is frankly ridiculous to say that any elections with these kinds of results are in any way meaningful expressions of popular support. We also had forced demonstration of support for the government. Had to go into parades, etc. The question is if you would be willing to go there now and publicly propose that Assad should not be a president, without fear of being thrown into prison? Also what do you think of experiences of people who were tortured and killed by his subordinates for expressing dissent on facebook, or twitter, or in demonstrations? Also, now the US should stop doing operations in Yemen. We'll see how that will go. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/world/middleeast/yemen-sp... Will not having a social media presence be considered a red flag? Why don't they sue him based on what they already have. They have to have something strong enough to justify holding him for more than a year already, so wtf? Had he heavily monetized, Linux might not have happened at all in the current shape. Haha. Terrorism bla bla. Anyone noticed that the first two example cases are actually political activists being targeted. - the first is some Chelsea Manning advocate - the second is some pot legalization activist There you have it for what actually are these rarely used rules used for. Nice to see Orange Pi PC being mentioned. It really is such a nice board. BTW, Armbian has experimental "mainline+patches" support for Orange Pi PC2, have you tried that? That does not create a jurisdiction to charge someone. Just a justification (in the eyes of US citizens) to kill them straight away. I mean what I say. Majority of US citizens support drone attacks (in the polls) despite the risks. And the US is democracy, so... > Also try getting children to use your computer and click ads - that really confuses them. :) It confuses the children? :) http://daserste.ndr.de/panorama/xkeyscorerules100.txt Even if that is done, there has to be verification for absence of security vulnerabilities in the app itself, because if data can trigger code execution, you're done. It's much easier to manipulate its own data for the web service itself than for other parties trying to exploit XSS vulnerability. In other words, you must ensure that the frontend treats the entire backend as a hostile actor, not just the code it serves, but also the data. Not all web frontends are written like that; many serve HTML snippets that get pasted into the DOM unchecked, instead of passing JSON data and rendering on the client side. You can sign the static frontend code all you want, and you're still owned by the service itself in this case. Tomáš Baťa http://www.csmonitor.com/World/2010/0305/Workers-paradise-Th... I guess this does it for me. America might be interesting to me as a tourist, but the idea that some schmuck on the border would turn me back for some ridiculous reason, humiliating me in the process, all that while erasing a significant portion of my life savings... (because they charge the airlines some ridiculous fine which would in turn try to force it down on me) blah. Not worth the risk at all. Lord Acton comes to mind. USG is not founded on moral principles. All moral principles were so far overriden by expediency. So the question 1. seems to me beside the point. Rape, torture, murder, all justifiable in the hands of your government at some point in the name of expediency, with no remorse or reparations provided. 2. All you need to do is watch the implementation carefully. You'll find reasons for outrage soon enough. By the same logic you may try to destroy some capital (machines in factories, etc.). That would also place increased demand on labor. The point is that reduction of capital or labor (in this case) does not cause increase in prosperity overall. It does not add anything to the economy, it just takes away. Even in recession, if you're getting poorer, it does not make sense to create pressures for general price increases by taking away stuff or people from the economy. It just makes your slide into poverty faster. I believe a lot of people could still benefit from reading about Broken Window fallacy, etc. It is still relevant 167 years later. Hint, it applies to labor too. http://bastiat.org/en/twisatwins.html You can really not, because economy is a complex system where you can never control other factors. At times, you may get actual reduction in some metric (say GDP), at others you may still get an increase in response to some major intervention into economy, because there are other inseparable overriding factors (like being in the middle of some major advance in technology, or business practices - but you can never know, control for that). You can only reason apriori about economic forces/interactions. > Gmail's search and spam-filtering are both very good, trained and tuned on datasets no self-hosted product could ever match (and harnessing parallel algorithms across large clusters that'd be quite costly on one machine) As someone who self hosts, this is clearly not true. With gmail I was receiving a lot of spam from various email marketing companies like mailchimp, easymail, etc. There's a lot of these companies and they are mostly country specific, some less, some more shady. With self hosting it is easy to block their servers en masse and forget about them. Some companies spam the DNS namespace with predictable, but extremely numerous domain names, which are easy to block using a few regular expressions. Try to make filters in gmail for that, if you don't know from which of the 100 domains the next email will come. Email from hacked servers is also easy to block. It's mostly PHP servers and all you need to look for is mention of eval() in the headers as nobody sane hopefully evals PHP code to send email. It just took me a month of spending a few minutes every other day analyzing headers of odd email or two which passes through some generic checks like checking if sending IP address has a domain name and figuring out how to block the sender entirely if possible. Now I don't get any legitimately looking spam at all and what I get is easily filtered with bayes filter in thunderbird. Anyway, with spam the hard job is checking the spam folder and that's annoying as hell with gmail, because it's always full of crap, and it's not easy to see occasional false positive. Now I only get 1 spam every two to three days and that's easy to check. Legitimate people who get blocked get bounce message immediately and have chance to re-send according to instructions in the bounce, instead of falling into spam folder and feeling ignored. Much better experience overall. Actually what is hardest to filter is bounces from gmail servers. I'm not really sure how spammers generate them. They are not in response to anything that I send. It seems like google ignores my SPF records, even though it indicates that it found that the sender forged the From header and sends me the bounce with attached spam that is targeted at me anyway. Quite annoying. EDIT: I guess I can just reject the gmail bounce if it contains the "Received-SPF: fail (google.com:". Ah! At least you know what happened. With google and such, you wouldn't even know you're under threat. Not necessarily. You can use POP3. If you pickup often they would find precisely nothing. You probably don't need constant uptime. Sending server will try to deliver for a day or two, usually. Legitimate servers use sending queues. You can leak sensitive data with any language. C is not used for web development on the client side, yet people abuse security holes in web apps all the time. You have to be very careful. They lie about even relatively inconsequential things. Like particular bombings in Syria. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFQdBHQjPHs This one is back from the time of the siege of Aleppo last year. Frontline reporting is probably even more biased than anything else. Journalist speaking against the soldiers he's embedded with? What will happen next time he's embedded with any troops? It's not a generic stock photo. It's a photo from rebel held areas made just 4 days prior to the report. Clearly labeled as such on the purchase page. http://pictures.reuters.com/C.aspx?VP3=SearchResult&VBID=2C0... Also the entire RT reporting about Syria is a factual error. They omit so much, it's ridiculous. Russia last fall/winter killed around 4000 civilians in Syria, before they scaled back this year. Where are detailed reports on those reported on RT? Google "site:rt.com russia massacres" and have fun finding something perpetrated by Russia's military there, even playing it down as an accident. You can access GPIO, I2C, UART via standard kernel interfaces. Which is the whole point of the kernel. Learn those and you can use the code on any SBC running Linux. It's not: https://github.com/rosimildo/videoenc (H3) Invocation of whataboutism is not a mind bug. It's the problem of never acknowledging your own issues and deflecting the criticism/concerns. The hypothetical interaction that would go "US: Hey China, we worry about your policy X. China: Hey US, we sort of understand where you're coming from, given your history. We also see similar issue with some of your policies..." would be perfectly fine. I'm in EU too. We had recently a blown fuse or something in the entire 5 story building, the result was sort of weird: lights were ok in the entire house, half of the power sockets in the flat were ok, half of the power sockets were without power. That's when I realized that each of these 230V circuits are probably connected to a different phase. (Perhaps so that the load gets distributed evenly) Shame. Time to youtube-dl the interesting stuff before it's gone. I use random 20 char string for the local part. That way there's no question about the leak. Spammers use a lot of dictionary words in the local part of the email address, so it's better to have a random string. If you're using password manager anyway, there's no reason not to make email/username random too. For smaller e-shops you might find some with actively exploited 0days this way. I did. I guess some responsible disclosure to the affected vendors would be nice. If the tools are being actively exploiting bugs, which they are, there's not much else to do in order to stop the exploitation. Give it a few weeks and then publish them in the wild. I created a language that better expresses server side web programming issues (exactly for that reason). https://megous.com/wl I also created language for describing processes (company processes). Mostly for fun and to scratch my own itches. I'm using graphviz for that. Boycott is a valid response no matter how much you try to make false analogies. Pulling app out of app store is by no means equivalent to suicide. At most you change your business. How about policing actual current behavior and not some historical act that the person was already punished for. You don't need to care for former sex offenders. But you might care for reducing recidivism. Driving people off the biggest surveillance platform in the world may actually hinder the ability to catch them doing it again. And that's the reason not to report abuse to the fucking Facebook. Just report it to the police directly. It shouldn't matter. If BBC had the links, they obviously had the content too. BBC's computers downloaded the CP and stored it. Therefore Facebook should report them either way. Distinction between sending links sending images + links makes no sense in this case. Both proves BBC downloaded CP. E-mail is good enough for me as a channel. But the service should allow me to upload a PGP pub key and use it for all further communication, no exceptions (including password resets, etc.). That would secure the channel and the website would be able to trust that whoever is clicking the reset link is the owner of the key. It would also be a nice second factor. You have to have access to the email account and to the private PGP key. And it is a second factor I can fully control, unlike SMS. And it's simple and cheap for the service. Except it's not stable at all. If you hold USD long term, because of the inflation target of the FED, you'll be able to buy less and less. USD lost a massive amount of value in the previous century alone, despite the massive advances in every field of human activity. https://www.measuringworth.com/uscompare/relativevalue.php Hello world! in PHP is simply: Hello world! People forget PHP is still a template language for the web. I just don't use any tooling and/or needless abstraction. It's not necessary at all, just like it was not 6 years ago. I write ES5-only code if I need to target IE9+. I still don't get the appeal of virtual dom. Browsers already have DOM, why use another crippled parallel one? It can only cause trouble and increase cognitive load when trying to do anything fancier. I understand the value of having state in one place and being able to call some function to update the UI to match the state. But that is a separate concept from virtual DOM. You can do a lot of useful stuff with real DOM, actually leveraging the power of prototypical nature of Javascript. Store your own data in it, add your own methods, etc. I don't get much JS fatigue. Perhaps because I'm working in a bubble and don't feel the pressure to adopt the latest tech quickly. Recently I had to extend fairly complex HTML-only web app that I wrote 11 years ago for a client, and it was quite fun. It's sort of nice to see that, while it's fun to write SPAs and everything, there are still ways to write web apps without a single line of JS. So perhaps move those poor americans to the third world. They'll feel like top 1% with those dollars. First thing I'd do if I had to program in this would be to create some "something sane to MUMPS compiler". :D How to put it? I know where the state really lives in the real DOM. I have HTMLInputElement and if user edits it, I can always access HTMLInputElement.value and have the current value. I can associate my data directly with the DOM nodes as simply as node.myData = {something}; and it stays there no matter where the DOM node moves in the meantime. Virtual DOM is easy to reason about in this simple case: Events -> State -> VDOM -> DOM But this is an illusion. DOM nodes can change state as a result of user interaction and you need to account for that (in your head and by updating the State to match). Anything to do with DnD and animation at once seems like pain to think about in the VDOM world. Or any visual manipulation of dom nodes, reordering, nesting, grouping, etc. DOM has useful preexisting interface for moving nodes around the tree. Easy to use and directly related to what you see on the screen. There are many cases where abstracting the state away from real DOM and pushing it down in the one way manner of VDOM just doesn't bring any benefits. In the real DOM world you can glue the state/data to the visual elements on the page, write code that creates UI for re-arranging the visual DOM nodes and then at any time collect the data back from the DOM nodes in the visual or any appropriate order with powerful DOM traversal methods. This direct two way association of DOM and my JS objects helps in so many cases. Sometimes it is easier to solve the problem in the visual space (DOM nodes) and sometimes it is easier to go from my custom JS objects representing a complex component or something. With VDOM this flexibility is lost and as a result some problems seem like requiring me to stuff the square peg into a round hole. I guess it is somehow possible, but what's the benefit? Possession is a crime too. And if you have indication of someone possessing it, and don't report, then what? What always boggled my mind was escaping data on the input side. Yet once it was quite popular. PHP even had option to do it automatically. What a weird idea. You escape data to prevent mistaking it for code whenever you use them in some context. You don't know the context when receiving the input. Linux kernel patch review is over email like this. It seems to work. I subscribe to a few lists and it makes it easy for anyone to chip in. It's a bit burdensome on the patch submitter, to collect the feedback into one place, but not that much. At least the burden is on people who want to get the patch in. You can get a parser generator to automagically list you expected (non-)terminals at this point. It may not be helpful though, depending on the location of the error. But it is something at least. Editing would be annoying as hell though. > I normally think of any recursion as some kind of descent into deeper levels. Maybe I'm being biased due to awareness of stackframes being a common way to implement recursion. You can write bottom up algorithms using recursion too. It still technically goes down first, but does the real work on the way up. Another fun way to write a recursive descent parser is to abstract and parametrize the recursive descent algorithm. Best done in dynamic languages. I wrote an abstract recursive descent parser in JS which accepts an array of terminal (regexp) and non-terminal definitions (array of terminal/non-terminal names + action callback), and returns the function that will parse the text. The parser "generator" has 125 lines of code and doesn't really generate anything. It's an extremely lightweight solution to quickly produce purpose made languages in the browser without need for any tooling. Together with `` template strings to write your custom made language code in, it makes for a lot of fun in JS. :D Risk of death from seizure is not high. Though intentionally triggering people is disgusting and he should never do it again and pay some damages. Intention to cause harm seems clear. So, where are all the professional programmers doing blocks programming, or something like that? All visual programming is very niche. Last I got close to some was 18 years ago when working with LabView. It's not just different. It's suboptimal. It's just not compelling. You'd need visual everything. Like visual diff, visual git, make it easy to copy visual crap between various applications. Copy visual code to a web page? Copy it to chat to send to a friend? Instead of just writing, you'd need to remember UI shortcuts/icon to insert visual crap into your codebase... It's bleh. I clearly hate the idea. :D I guess why not. :) https://megous.com/dl/parser/tests/index.html See the code. AGPL. Who cares about income? Profit matters. Societal benefits matter too. How many days of work in a month is required to break even on all the basics of life like rent, food and medical care + retirement insurance. Isn't sharing passwords a bad thing to do in general? Each user should have a separate account/identity and manage his own secrets. So why not create multiple accounts? ToS usually advises against sharing credentials. And some news accounts reporting US atrocities in middle east too. Really, US strikes in Syria are getting more disgusting with each passing day. Mosques, schools, bakeries, bridges (trapping people so that they can't even escape their stupid bombing raids). I'll be damned if western media ever reports any US made massacre perpetrated for example in Raqqa. And there's a lot to choose from just from the last week. All that is needed is search for it on twitter. Well, I hope, no user has space at the end of his homedir. Creating the same bug in a code tree editor would certainly not help anything. That's where Arch Linux (pacman) is heading slowly. The code is better tested that way, and not written multiple times by many programmers/packagers of various skill. Also, it's the difference between systemd and sysvinit - descriptive configuration vs scripting. Perhaps not on Linux. You don't need to run Linux on SBCs. At least not exclusively. Some SBCs also contain additional non-ARM processors on the SoC, which could be used for the purpose of data acquisition. For example Orange Pi has H3, which contains OpenRISC core that can run at 300MHz or so from code located in internal SRAM. I haven't tried yet, but I guess you can get pretty consistent results with this approach too: Main cores running on Linux processing the data, OpenRISC accessing GPIO and reading the data in a tight loop, throwing them to main memory into some ring buffer, or into part of the SRAM. Anyway, excellent project. I hope to try it. :) Have you looked into using opensource protocol analyzers, or adding support for sigrok? Curious. How is it more luxurious? Say I have $2000 extra at the end of the month in EU and in US. Where the difference comes from? Why should it be? The project you're thinking about uses internal PLL in the SoC. This has nothing to do with GPIO reading/writing. http://www.icrobotics.co.uk/wiki/index.php/Turning_the_Raspb... They're trying record the record of US and friends actions against civilians in Syria and Iraq. And are in trouble ATM, because of massive increase in allegations in the last two months. Up to 1000 civilians were allegedly killed by US and friends just in March, up from hundreds a month previously. So if you care for some accountability for this, this would help. https://airwars.org/civilian-casualty-claims/ What's nefarious about it? That's no good. You're still sending your primary address, before the +. They can remove or modify anything after +, and you'll still receive the email. I'm slowly transitioning for having a random 20 char generated alias email for every service/use and there's no chance anyone will hit a real mailbox by chance. If alias leaks, I can either abandon the service and block it, or change the registered email for the service to a new alias and block the old one. In addition to that, I have a few easy to remember/type emails to give out to people, that I never use on the internet. The result being no spam even without a spam blocker. (to the new addresses) I store aliases (+ info about the service I provided them to) in the database and use simple PHP script to manipulate the db from the web. On the mail server side, I have postfix set up to read the database and deliver everything for a valid address to a single mailbox. It should be workable with any service that will allow you to setup aliases for a single mailbox. If they allow to set it using API, that would allow for automation. On the sending side, given that I haven't yet found a need to communicate too frequently with any of the services I use via email, I have a simple PHP form to send email with the specified alias address set as From on the envelope and inside the email. Yep, I've recently written a RFC2822 (and friends) message parsing library in C that can parse 4GB of email messages per second (incl. full bodies decoding and normalizing everything to utf-8) on my old Ivy Bridge i5. Part of the trick is never tying number of malloc() calls to the number of messages/size of input, not using crappy OOP like interfaces, and avoiding string comparisons, which is all possible. My library has no malloc(), no strcmp() and no OOP. :) It's about 4 times faster than gmime (also written in C - but kind of unfair comparison, because gmime is not doing the body decoding and conversion to UTF-8 by default) and 20 times faster than Python (in a single thread). Now if only I could have a SSD that could read my mail archive that fast. :) Sorry, many soldiers are murderers. There's clear intention to kill. And justification does not happen simply because some idiot in power tells someone to go kill other people for political reasons. And coalition is also killing civilians for political reasons, more than thousand of them a month ATM. It is obviously calculated. It's just that someone determined murdering perhaps 5-10 thousands civilians is a OK to give power over Mosul back to Iraqi government, and gave it a go. Ha, Facebook UI without logging in is the stupidest. Help center behind a login, emails that can't be unsubscribed from from the email without login, stupid popup that blocks the view every now and then if you're logged out... I'm tempted to try logging in if they really deleted my account after I requested it. There's no single law. Is there a law in Somalia that allows US killing arbitrary people there, unilaterally? Is there such a law in Yemen? Syria? In Syria if you follow the letter of the law, and intention of the (idiot) leader there, he's against the US involvement, it would be a murder. What law was in Vietnam, that killing was somehow justified by it? In international arena, there's no universal law. Some idiots killed a few thousands Americans, and then some Americans did go on a killing rampage as a revenge, murdering 10s of thousands mostly unrelated people. That's about how it looks from the outside. I don't hold my breath either. I marked all content as removed, before deleting the account, and removed all advertising topics, and yet after a month of not using FB, the advertising topics were re-generated as if the old content was there. Also a few posts that I marked as deleted popped back in and were showing again. But nevertheless, they advertise that they actually remove the content, when you delete the account (saying it can take a few months before they prune all the backups from it), so it would be fraud if they did not. Also EU, there's a right to delete. All sound like solutions to self-created problems. Struggle and fight abstractions? Some abstractions cause more trouble than they solve, and then create solutions to their own problems on top. That's the point. Older techie might have seen more abstractions, and choose more wisely the lesser complicated one for the job. Someone who knows little JS writes a few bad words about it, without much detail, and provides alternatives he knows. He also attributes the fact other people don't write in languages he knows, to psychosis, despite not being a psychologist. > automatic code splitting PHP has include()/autoload, you can structure your code any way you want. If you wonder about client side, the client side should be greatly reduced, by the virtue that page is ready to use as returned by the server. You'd just put JS code into a single script tag, and let it do its progressive enhancement when it's ready. Also you'd have much less JS code to load, because server is doing all the heavy lifting. So this is mostly a solution to a problem of having to put all the website's code into the browser first, even if you want to view a single page and go away. > routing I think routing is a fine feature, even for PHP. But all you need is about 100 lines of generic PHP code, you can reuse for the rest of your life. So yeah, I guess this is useful if you want nice URLs and common initialization code. But you can easily do without, either by using query parameters or URL rewriting. Really routing server side is such a simple problem it really is not even worth mentioning. It's always get me a final HTML code for some URL. Client side it can get quite complicated, because your job is to transition between arbitrary app states, or to restore the state based on the route, switch views, update things incrementally. Again, it's just because SPAs are this complicated, that routing is even a feature worth mentioning. > hot code reloading You can put setInterval() on your page that will iterate through all tags and reloads them every second, or you can hook it to a keyboard shortcut in the browser, to get immediate style changes, without reloading the page. Though your server side app should be able to withstand F5 without loosing state at any point. One trouble is usually form inputs state. The thing with server side apps is that you can modify the code and just try to submit the form again without reloading the page first. You're not loosing the state, because the state is in cookies, query parameters, url, and server side. None of this changes when you modify your server side code. So you shouldn't have these issues. This is the biggest benefit of server side web apps. > universal (server-side and client-side) rendering Unless the client side code is optional, that's a disadvantage vs the progressive enhancement solution, because it's still unusable without the client code. It's just a performance optimization for the problem of client side only rendering being slow. Even on twitter universal rendering is implemented in such a way that it's useless without client side code. You can't navigate, load more tweets, open images, nothing. It's just a gimmick. When this universal rendering thing starts to mean that I can either use server side code only, or let the client side code run if I want more modern crap that doesn't work server side apps, like DnD, etc. Then that would be a feature itself. Otherwise it's just a solution to its own problem of the SPAs. I don't think so. PHP has batteries included, yet there's bazillion of frameworks too. People just like to create their own stuff, doing ever smaller improvements, or disimprovements if they overengineer because of being dogmatic about OOP, patterns, etc. Libraries you can't avoid. There will be always something missing that someone needs. I couldn't care less about content creators. I'll start caring a little bit when they stop stealing from me every single time I buy a SD card, or HDD, or DVD, or whatever that has some storage in it that will never see any of their material. Until then... Piracy is also a form of protest and a valid one. It's a shame that when they make something worthwhile at times, I'll pirate it too, but if they want to be indiscriminate, I'll not bother discriminating either. To clarify: I live in a country where we have to pay tax to content creators organization every time we buy something with storage. And it's not an insignificant amount. Justification being: "It can be used for storing copyrighted material (music and movies)." Or you can have a banking computer, danger computer and social media computer with everything truly separate. These days, it's quite cheap, as you can get an ARM board with HDMI output for $18 incl shipping and no management engine blobs. You can create arbitrary local networks with it, and isolate concerns in separate hardware. If the "social desktop" get's compromised or even rooted, the attacker would still need to find a way through the physical router/firewall, etc. It would not be just a question of finding/using VM/container/chroot escape vulnerabilities. You can also air gap certain endpoints. Physical security? Use FDE and pop the sd card out of the SBC and take it with you when you're out of home. Security against rubber hose cryptoanalysis or 'contempt of the court' cryptoanalysis? Devise some way to quickly destroy the sd card when necessary. Then there's nothing to rubber hose you for. /s? Maybe. But it's all possible today, rather easy to do, and cheap. :) Sure it can. All it needs to do that is to emulate a HID device and act as an keyboard or mouse. You might notice when it starts opening cmd/shell and typing commands, or not, or at least not fast enough. Or you may not understand what's happening and ignore the black box that popped up for a while on your desktop. Well, I contributed to the dual licensed project, only to see the company increasing the price of their (somewhat related) monetized project 7 fold or so, screwing people over on the related product. Of course the contributors get nothing for their copyright assignment. It's like thank you for your contribution to our documentation system, now pay 7 times more for our main product you're also using. I'm wary of these schemes as a potential contributor. It limits the reciprocity. I'm much happier with projects that don't require free copyright assignment from their contributors. In some countries you'd still probably be sent an invoice to pay a fine for pirating anyway. Programming is mostly creating functions and interfaces to decompose problems into reusable parts where reuse makes sense. Nothing wrong with creating a simple function for making XMLHttpRequests or for fetch API. Most of the time there's no need for the level of generality of jQuery interfaces. Just by making a function you're not creating a library. Sometimes I find DOM API verbose too. Nevertheless the fix does not need to be a interface like jQuery to completely hide DOM API under another interface. It may be enough to extend the HTMLElement prototype a bit or write a function to "compress" the code a bit and make it more readable. How do you know the percentage. Some stuff you may just never know. I very consciously avoid websites I know use a lot of JS or are bloated on mobile. Mostly news websites. I often read in subway, where I need to load the page in 3-4 seconds or I'm in the tunnel again without the signal. In some stations I only get 50kbit/s or so. Most websites don't cut it so I don't even bother. Those who cut it though, I get engaged with more, because I can't go anywhere else without a signal. In a nice world I would write a scrapper + alternate website that hosts only the content and some simple navigation over plain HTML, preferably with as little CSS as possible. There's the annoyance of copyright though, so no way of making this public. Good point. :D Do you realize JavaScript is a prototype based programming language? It is a major and very useful feature of the language. There's no reason not to use it. There are some things to be careful about with interop if you need it, but that's it. What maintenance overhead? Current and future costs are reduced by making code simpler and cleaner in the first place by using prototypes efficiently. Also, to be clear, I'm suggesting adding new methods to DOM object prototypes, not changing behavior of existing methods. It absolutely is acceptable. There's a lot of hate being stirred towards ISIS, and violence is supported quite openly in the media, and also used in the real world. The west has enemies and stirs up hate and uses violence to target them, adding to the mayhem in the middle east, killing 10s of thousands of people every year. Violence is very acceptable for the western democracies. You have to be willfully ignorant not to see this, after the last two years and 70000 people killed by the coalition during that time. > You can fight terrorists, kill them but you can't kill the ideology. If you can't kill ideology you need to control it's spreading. What tools do we have to do that aside from moderating content? I'm somewhat hopeful for the "Redirect Method" method mentioned in the article. If the other content is not ridiculing and inflammatory, but reasonable, and fact based and balanced, it may actually work and be a good thing for some people. > UK attacks or any other attacks, ask yourself, what you would give up to get your dead child back. There's no getting back. Questions should be asked by regular people who didn't experience any harm yet. And also it should not only be selfish questions, but questions like "What harm I'm willing to inflict on others (inside and outside of my country) in the name of my supposed protection?" > You're confusing is with ought. How so? I don't see it. edit: Anyway. There's a lot of hate towards real or believed enemies of the west. It's easily visible online in news websites' comment sections, on social media, etc. It is somewhat rare to see people standing up against it. Even on platforms, where you need to provide gov. ID to be able to discuss, and your name is visible to others, people feel perfectly fine to spew hate against muslims, ISIS, or whatever in very non-measured ways. My point with the previous comment is, that it is important to realize the western hate and violence too and not to brush it away, because it's very significant in its effect on peoples lives. I'm not from the US, so it might be different in different countries. > Data subjects have a right to receive a copy of their personal data in a commonly used machine-readable format. Hopefully, this will work out better than the shit Facebook produces in its data export. While their HTML is technically machine-readable, the intention clearly was "here's your data, and fuck you for thinking of leaving, btw". Little to no metadata for the wall posts, for example, makes it almost useless. Not really, there's big refurbished computers market, where this stuff ends up. Probably not worth optimizing for something that has 7% market share. It works fine at 60fps on Radeon HD 5750 from 2009 on Linux. /smug Nice to see WebGL performing well on a seemingly old HW. Why? No, they will not. Fun, but insecure. Perhaps not this case, but analogies when used as persuasion devices, can get quite dangerous. It's important to realize when they are false, or misleading, or overly reductionist, in order not to fall for them. I certainly fell for a few false ones in the past. Sometimes only deeper meaning is that someone's trying to manipulate you. Forced vs voluntary migration is quite an important distinction. Argument is for removing barriers, not for forcing people to go somewhere. End game is escalation to more regional wars and more terrorism. Hard to see something else if response to terrorism is destruction of entire cities and driving former inhabitants further into poverty and ignorance. My guess. No. Just ask anyone who had gone through monetary reforms, or savings account taxation, or limits on withdrawals, or stuff like that. And you may have some faith in the government, but it can still fuck you up. Many of these interventions had come out of the blue for most people throughout history. Having hard limits on what governments can do is obviously beneficial especially for less informed people. Also normal people who just don't want to be fed the conclusions and sanitized images from the news outlets, and want to watch the actual thing in full length, compare information from multiple opposing sources, geolocate events, timestamp them, or whatever is up to their current fancy, to be able to form their worldview themselves also have a harder time. But that's nothing new, you already have to be quick, as links have been disappearing shortly after being posted for a long time. It doesn't need to be decided in any meaningful or principled way. The metric can simply be: whatever brings in more advertising money and less trouble from people in power. YouToube is no unbiased public service with higher moral or principled goals. It has to operate in a complicated world with many competing pressures from powerful entities. There are also videos made by murderous dictatorial regimes as a recruitment tool. YouTube has no problem with that. There are videos made by US to get more cannon fodder for their wars which also killed millions of innocent people over the decades. Where do you stop? I'm fine with stopping recruitment videos for war, but at least do it on principle as against the war, not just against a few particular organizations. It's ridiculous otherwise. It's just one belligerent suppressing the other one in a conflict. Nothing else. You missed the part where he personally sold porn to someone in Saudi Arabia. Type A? I tried to find if someone is compiling the list of these extensions, but I couldn't find anything. Presumably you inspect the thing you're including in your project first, if it seems trustworthy you mark whatever key you have as somewhat trustworthy. Then you inspect differences on version updates of your npm deps. If it still looks ok, you update your trust of the key. It's the same way you gain trust in something in real life, by watching actual behavior of someone over time. It is just assisted by technology. Then you can ignore the issue of email completely, because you're not basing your trust on authority of the author, but on his track record as determined by you. I bet you'll not find many attackers who would maintain some hijacked package for a few months, before launching their attack. Original author would probably notice something fishy too, given enough time. Lot of power being used for copyright enforcement lately. Yesterday it was NSA, now this. How much time until we see military getting involved? The child might simply get desensitized. Try watching disturbing violence (war images/videos for example) for a while yourself. Empathic response will blunt itself within a week or two. Reread the question you asked. You asked for elaboration on the feeling of insecurity about visiting US. The response was to the point. Sure. As an adult you can still continue seeing it as wrong (if you did before). It will just not give you chills. Trouble with children is that they may not yet have the moral compass for lack of a better phrase. I would find it important to talk to the child and ask him what he's thinking about the videos, and make sure he understands that the behavior in the videos is horrible, ends the life of another person, what that means, etc. I'd also make sure the child would not get trapped in some cycle of feeling guilty for simply watching some videos and having/not having whatever reactions to it. So a quick calculation. 1 zettabyte if stored on 4GB HDD, that's 250 million hard drives. That's without any redundancy. Quarterly production of hard drives is around 100-140 million. That's quite a big slice of global production. The buying operation of this scale should be visible somewhere on the price charts. 8TB HDD were manufactured only since 2014. Yes, but why backup the internet if you can't process the data afterwards without waiting for ages for the results. Seems more like the working environment is already hostile to people with similar ideas, rather than this person creating anything. Which I think was also his point. Thus the name of the document. Buying 100 mil. 8TB SSDs when SSD market is even smaller than HDD market would be not possible without everyone noticing. That's entire year (2015) of total SSD units production. 8TB drives would be at the time a tiny fraction of the total. It's a memo, not a scientific study. Goal is to point out issues for discussion. What I find interesting about all this is how many people take personal offense from statistics. (and conclusions drawn from statistics) The author seems to put an effort into explaining statistical distribution and what it means and what not. He's explicit that statistical observations can't be used to judge particular individuals. Draws a graph of overlapping distributions to drive the point home even more. I'm not sure why would anyone get offended by statistical observation. It's not personal by definition . Yes, really. It's not obvious to me why would people jump to conclusions like that. For example if I wanted to take things personally from my perspective from that memo, I could also find several points that I can misinterpret and get annoyed about. Perhaps some people are more likely to see themselves in general statements and fill the missing info with their speculation. It may be the same reason why some people are susceptible to horoscopes or fortune tellers, except that this would be more subtle. Sure, but many reactions were directly related to statistical claims. I'm finding these interesting. A lot of the time people use git to get source code to build and run on their computers. You can probably hide a nefarious code in many places, where it would be less noticeable, too, like pre-generated configure/Makefile.in scripts. I don't think anyone reads those. Another reason to welcome those new simpler configure/build systems like meson/ninja. They are delighted. People are being locked up based on content of their social accounts for years. Regime doesn't even need to get cooperation from the social networks themselves that much. They take your phone, make you unlock it and the off with you to a prison. One such example being Turkey. One way I know they don't delete stuff is that I cleared my entire history using delete buttons. Unfriended everyone, removed all the events, etc. The account looked clean. I also cleaned the ad categories or how they call it. It's interests they gather from your activity that they use to serve you ads. When I came back a few days later my ad interests were again filled with stuff obviously deduced from my posts that I deleted. Things I no longer care about, but posted in 2010, and obviously not visited recently, so they have no way of knowing what those interests are. Facebook is engaging in scummy activities obviously. They call most of those removal buttons "Delete", not "Hide". They just lie left and right. Data take out should instead be called data poop out, because that's the quality of the format you get of the data you provided them over the years. Actually that may be one of the less legal things they do. If you explicitly ask them to delete particular photo or whatever, they should delete it and not keep it to themselves. There may be for example issue with copyright. What if I posted something I don't have rights to and want to remove it? They obviously don't have right to it either, because I couldn't have given it to them. What are you talking about? They are deleting entire accounts of people who were filming their cities/districts being bombed by Russians, Assad or US/Coalition. (where there may not be any direct violence to any particular persons visible) Who will prosecute whom? Primary source historical material is being removed wholesale by some shitty "AI". Account of recent history is being erased. Researchers who want to put some account of history together will have harder job. They will not go to subpoena google to release some material they don't even know google has. People whose lives were destroyed by a dictator will see YouTube erasing evidence of what happened, often times leaving propaganda channels for the regime untouched. It's a disgrace. I actually came here today to try again to post about this issue, after deleting my Google/YouTube account, because I wholeheartedly disagree with this whole fiasco, that's going on for the last month or so. So I'm glad it's finally discussed. I'd rather take that, than be thrown into prison. There's a recent case of two Czechs traveling to Syria to help Kurdish cause in "Rojava", that were checked on a border in Turkey and revealed by posting stuff to Facebook. They got six years for terrorism both. They had terrible opsec though, the girl went to talk on TV about her activities in Rojava before leaving for Syria and also posted publicly on FB. I can imagine similar tech is used to delete [extremist] content on YouTube. And it's probably just as precise as this. I think the same goes for worrying too much about and trying to assert too much control over one's impulsive behavior. Like trying to eliminate it completely. It may paradoxically bring more of it. And of course it is: https://twitter.com/SyriaDirect/status/897130862986375173 All data, including user passwords, and all their content going through a third party. All exchanged for some dubious SEO benefits. What can go wrong? I think if you want to critique author's approach to discussion, you need to learn first what it actually was. It's a ridiculously high standard. The only way to not have to feel discriminated like that would be if you could control minds of all relevant people in the workplace and make absolutely sure they don't have any bad thoughts towards you. Otherwise if you're a type of person who worries about what others think about you, you'll always have a reason to feel crappy, imagining whatever negative thought may be going through other people's minds. Way out of this is to find a way not to care so much about what others think. Or if you suspect particular person of actual discrimination, talk to them, or report them specifically if you can't do that or it doesn't work. Solution is not to suppress discussion by firing people for discussing diversity. That just creates a truly hostile environment of fear of being fired for others. And discussion is not really suppressed anyway. Quite the opposite. So have you tried actually believing something politically completely different from what you believe right now? Because it's not really a choice. You can pretend play to advocate for whatever political ideology. The same way you can have sex with women even if you're gay or vice versa. You can choose your sexual behavior. But political orientation is not really a choice. It is perhaps a result of your choices, early influences, social group, etc. Find and support people who are against persecuting thought crimes within the country. I guess that's the framing you choose if you want to lock people up. "Thought crime" comes from Orwell for me. Except his meaning was probably a bit different than I thought. Anyway I define it as criminalizing certain expression of ideas in a violent attempt to control what population thinks. Also you're reacting to Thailand story, so I'm not sure what American right has to do with this. Mine too, but it took years and a fairly complete change of people I interacted with and longterm exposure to various ideas and life experiences. It was not a decision/choice. This kind of change is a long process of learning new ways of thinking and abandoning the old ways. I agree. The point is that one's political orientation is not a simple choice no matter how radical. It may not be as fixed as sexual one, though, but still difficult to change. It's kind of a water a person swims in. It's the way he thinks. It's too meta for most people to even think about it as something chooseable. Maybe the meaning changed in the US. I'm not from/in US. I just use English. The only country that was mentioned was Thailand, so I thought that "the country" would have a clear meaning. Read the article. It says that humans made the final decisions. This is a solved problem. Flag it and it will get behind a confirmation screen asking you if you're really sure to view the video. Is it possible to nest custom elements? I suppose it should be, but how would it be seen in DOM? How can I get notifications in my-container when someone from outside adds another child to it? Maemo? And do HPKP for a while and throw away the key. It can still fail. Also it is not very bright to depend on some kernel configuration in order not to crash unpredictably. Also it's not portable. Some targets don't have MMU. It can happen, I had various issues with my VPS provider which set limits on virtual memory use in his virtualization solution. Programs would crash with malloc failures despite overcommit being enabled. The program will crash on null pointer dereference most likely. Malloc will not abort. Some libraries (like glib2) wrap malloc so that it aborts on failure, but standard malloc will never crash. Hmm, so leftist ideas are OK to be supported, except when they are applied to the said corporation. Fun. :) If only browsers supported creation of page headers and footers. It's like some Jewish organization funding Nazis and then being surprised (and angried!) that [Nazis] bit the hand that fed them. It's somewhat incomprehensible. Perhaps people assume that Google funded this org because of the ideas it spread, and not for some profit motive, or for some outcome. So now it seems it was never about the ideas. I mean, the left is for anti-monopoly laws, therefore that something like this might happen should have been pretty clear. So it's either stupidity on part of Google, or perhaps they fund such organizations in order to have control over them. (invisible hand of self-censorship, because money) What kind of optimization? I'd rather this kind of code would crash on me, like the code that gcc compiles out of this, rather than compiler silently doing crazy inferences out of obviously buggy code. It hints at the blacklist vs whitelist approach to security. I'd rather whitelist good content, then try to detect and blacklist bad content, as that is a game of whac-a-mole. Which is funny, given that much of their risk is probably just to reputation, if they are funded from angels and operate as a LLC, or whatever. > There are choices that are just "Firefox-specific" like the shortcut to open private window. Other items like "Gecko menus vs MacOS menus" are tradeoffs of productivity. Having one set of menus for all platforms is easier to maintain than separate for each. Also if you're a user who don't care about any particular platform and want just to use your trusty Firefox browser, it's annoying to learn different shortucts for the same thing in the browser on windows, linux, and macos. It would be nice if I didn't have to abandon my privacy - reveal my personal extensions to some third party server - in order to use my own extensions without too much hassle. Now, I have to patch omni.ja every single time I get update to Firefox from Arch Linux, to disable signature verification. I can automate it a bit, although it's not a robust solution, because I'm patching some JS code that can change at any time. Beta is not an option, because I don't want it for regular use and it is not in Arch Linux repositories anyway, so I can't get it either. I don't get it. It's still possible to disable signature verification with little effort (one line change) programmatically from outside of Firefox, yet power users have to jump through stupid hoops in order to continue using their browser the way they want. I wish fight against malware/malicious extensions was not also inconveniencing power users. It is fine, especially if you want cli tool that can do http, database connections, etc. without any external deps or other PHP code and want it quickly. Works only in some countries. Coinbase != bitcoin so the same benefits don't apply. Ugly is subjective. I like it. It's actually readable and easy to navigate. On small width device the menu will be on the bottom, so there's no duplication. (website seems to be responsive) I like that the menu is on the bottom and not hidden behind a hamburger button. "Now" is like for the last 12 years. With a few lines you could convert errors to exceptions globally using 1 callback. You need to have a card associated with the account and can't remove it if you're in Czechia. Or if it is possible I was not able to find how to do it after a hour of googling. It's per country requirement. DevOps full-stack carpenter. Depends on scale. If they're building a skyscraper, it's ridiculous to want it done from a single person. > Yes tasers may cause health issues in 0.001% of uses... This is simply not true and weakens your argument quite a bit. Wait until you lose your gmail that you've used for everything for the last 10 years as a collateral damage. You can't really maintain a local copy of a "control of @gmail.com" domain to be able for people to continue sending you messages. Obviously some Kurds in north-east of Syria. I'm not sure there's any support of Kurds on the Turkey side, where Kurdish cities are being razed to the ground last several years. It's not even in the news that much compared to the other stuff from the region. Yet there is million or more of internally displaced people by this violence. Turkey is responsible for executing 20,000 Kurdish civilians and destroying several thousands villages in the same conflict. They're still destroying Kurdish cities today, Sur, Sirnak, Nusaybin, Cizre, ... Burning civilians alive by hundreds in one incident. If that doesn't make them a terrorist organization... well, I don't know what to tell you. It's a war. That's probably very system dependent and usage dependent. I've been running a desktop workstation with Arch for 11 years, and experienced serious breakage (kernel didn't boot) perhaps once and some annoyances a few times (systemd migration, freetype2 rendering changes, wayland becoming somehow default and being hard to change back to Xorg). The bulk of the issues is with a need to manually upgrade non-desktop software. (PostgreSQL migrations between major versions, that need to be planned more carefully, etc.) Pacdiff helps greatly here, for config updates, too. Over 11 years I've done only one re-install when moving to SSD. (It was not really necessary, I could have just as well copied rootfs content over and be done with it. But I wanted a clean slate after 7 years or so.) No need for big upgrades is absolutely the biggest benefit of Arch Linux for me. Understanding and being able to fix stuff myself is another one. Close second is makepkg/PKGBUILDs being simplicity itself and a joy to work with. And then wiki/docs. Though, I was a Slackware and Linux From Scratch user before Arch, so I might be blind to things that other people would call breakage. :] > And if we do, let's deport the murderer to the middle of the Pacific ocean. Why should other countries care for or suffer your country's criminals? Of course, unless you meant some uninhabited island or dropping him in the water... Other than that, keep him. I'd rather lose my finger than my head, thank you. > For another, anecdotally at least, most people know plenty of people who work longer hours and do it successfully. And most of the really successful people out there will mention that they worked insanely hard at some point. Are they all lying? All wrong? You have it reversed. Get a sample of people working 70 hours a week and see how many are successful by some chosen measure compared to those who work 40 hours. It is part of it in this case. You've just eliminated most of non-targeted scanners. Your log is much more readable and what is left will probably be dedicated attackers. This might help in forensic investigation afterwards. Less crap to wade through. Maybe on this surface level. But the intervention was and still is a nonsensical mess. Killing and locking up/torturing people left and right, whether pro or anti-taliban. Making new enemies from potentially pro-american tribes. Empowering some tribes against others, causing grief, resentment, rebellion and instability. Helping people with retribution against old rivals. The current conflict is already longer than the Soviet-Afghan war. Already 10x more civilians died than in 9/11. Really what's the purpose? It hardly can be justice at this point. In 2001 there were 45000 taliban fighters, US killed 60000, now there are around 60000 taliban. Clearly this is not a way to get rid of taliban, if that is the goal. I'm reading this at the moment: https://www.amazon.com/No-Good-Men-Among-Living/dp/080509179... > to prevent bad guys from using them in missiles and other nasty stuff I was confused. So here's a translation: Bad guys = US enemies or non-allies. Not bad guys in any moral sense. Sure, but it's not a reason to ignore it or brush it over. If it's for some gain, then why not. It's a trade off decision. Or use fetch() I prefer: for (let node of document.querySelectorAll("li")) node.classList.add('foo'); or: Array.from(document.querySelectorAll("li")).forEach(node => node.classList.add('foo')) And if any particular pattern repeats in the code I'm writing I'll just create a helper function for that pattern (most of the time locally). Like: let qsa => s => Array.from(document.querySelectorAll(s)); There's nothing to test about that. 'each' is not. forEach is. You can create a trivial helper function such as: let $ = s => document.querySelectorAll(s); And then use: for (let p of $('p')) p.style.color = 'blue'; And if you start doing anything more complex per iteration: $('p') .css('color', 'blue') .addClass('bla') .filter(function() { $(this).parent().is('article'); }) .removeClass('qwe'); The code becomes much less magical and clearer (it's almost self explanatory): for (let p of $('p')) { p.style.color = 'blue'; p.classList.add('ble'); if (p.parentNode.matches('article')) p.classList.remove('qwe'); } Also much more debuggable in a debugger, and faster, as you're iterating only once and are not calling many needless functions. Browsers can't change it, because it would break assumtpions of a lot of websites. Readability is hurt by having body text in different font families, different weights, different sizes, different shades of gray on every other fucking website. Web designer can't choose readable font for me, because readable font is any one font I use the most. The good thing is that Firefox still has option to override all fonts and use a single one chosen by the user. What is missing though is option to limit font weight to 400 and more. At the moment I simply don't use websites that use thin fonts. Also websites that abuse fonts to display non-standard (non-unicode) icons fail utterly with user selected font families. Other than that, having single font family everywhere is much more pleasant. Check it when you use it? Compiler doesn't yell, because it's unnecessary in most cases. My experience is that huge amount of C code running on my computer had exactly zero issues like this today. It has been working perfectly fine. I run GNOME which uses a paradigm of checking all inputs to a function on entry via g_return(_val)_if_fail(assertion_expression). It helps the programmer do the right thing when it comes to using APIs that are disallowing NULL input. Two days ago, the code on my workstation hit one of those "assertions": Sep 26 23:40:31 core transmission-gt[1084]: g_file_test: assertion 'filename != NULL' failed No oops in the kernel recently. Millions of lines of desktop and kernel code, and one failed assertion in two days for using NULL incorrectly in the API. So unless your standard is absolute perfection, it works fine as is. Statically linked C programs are the easiest to ship. Copy and run. No runtime required. I doubt that ExtJS was parsing/analyzing JS code at runtime. I liked ExtJS 3.4 Never migrated to any newer version as it would require rewrite of our app which would negate any benefit for a long time. I instead dropped old browser compatibility cruft from ExtJS 3 and moved styling to sass/CSS3. Gutted all network access code too in favor of modern alternatives. It worked fine. ExtJS 4 was overengineered and less performant and sencha cmd was crap. I like the basic architecture and easy extensibility. Nothing "modern" compares if your goal is to have a basic app and be able to simply include another js file at the end to extend/override anything, even if you've not anticipated it in the basic app. Nevertheless I'll never use it again for anything new. Its (ExtJS 3) basic architecture (component tree separate from DOM) is easily replicable in the modern browser (for the amount of money they're asking for a license) and that's all I really care for. I don't care for their widgets. When web components will be supported universally, there will be no need for separate component tree, and for me that will be it for ExtJS's architecture. I start with finding entry points and analyzing data structures. I expected this, so I first deleted all posts, comments, events, whatever could be deleted, unfriended everyone, replaced everything that could not be removed with random strings, including my name and profile url, and then deleted the account. Even if it gets reactivated, it will be useless. It's annoying that this has to be done. There are several other well known companies that make account deletion a stupid hassle. Amazon for example should have already archived my account automatically after not being used for 7 years at all. Apple is another idiotic company that makes it hard to remove stuff from your account (you have to have a mac to disassociate credit card from your account, their web app doesn't allow it for no reason whatsoever (despite being able to add CC info there), only iTunes app on the mac can do it) Companies should think more about account removals. I don't find it a common bug in day to day programming. It may be well known because of the security implications. I get perhaps a 2-3 crashes a year from buffer overflow when developing an app. OTOH, I'm constantly being pumelled by failed type checks, undefined variables, uninitialized variables, etc. Last time compiler even warned me about buffer overflow, which was nice. Have you tested unexpected powerdowns durring writes? Unless SD card is specifically designed to survive this, I would guess you might get corruption anywhere on the card, despite writing to specific area of the card, due to wear leveling algorithms. It might only become an issue when the card was used for a while, so that all flash blocks were provisioned at least once. Perhaps I can go through my spam folder and disable all those irina781@yahoo.com types of accounts. You can't, but it's useful nevertheless. I have several Orange Pi's running as servers for various things, having HDD connected over USB, etc. I'm very glad it has a micro switch that can initiate a proper shutdown of the system. I certainly wouldn't want to just unplug them from power. Do you turn off your computer by pulling the plug? Anyway, I was just reminded of 90's. The times before ATX. I believe there are some browser extensions to do this. I just wrote a few document.querySelectorAll() based loops in the console that artificially clicked the right elements in the right order with some delay. Fun thing is that while most things are very fats on facebook, deletion is super slow. It takes like 2 seconds to complete. They must have some artificial delay somewhere just to frustrate this kind of scripting. It will never work. At least without some vpn blocking distopia. Animals certainly don't care about your inner mental processes. They can only experience consequences of your actions. So your first sentence seems quite meaningless. Lots of numbers in there. I know it's recommended to include them, but it seems a bit meaningless as some predictor for the future job fitness. If someone doubles user acquisition in previous company, it may mean a lot of things. Self reporting and attribution issues aside, it may simply mean that there was a really low hanging fruit at previous company when it came to marketing, or whatever. I have my mail in the breach, yet I don't have an account. Perhaps I've deleted my account after 2012, but don't remember it. Will be interesting to see if I receive email from them, despite not being a user anymore. > The breach dated back to July 2012 but wasn't identified until years later when the data finally surfaced. Not everything is rosy. They didn't notice unauthorized access for 5 years. > I think ORMs are there to make developing easier Only for object oriented apps, where you want to tightly link behavior to your objects. For other kinds of app architectures, there may be no relational/object oriented mismatch to smooth out. I didn't understand the point of the first part of the comment: > I don't morally justify it, no matter how barbaric it is. It wouldn't matter either way even if he tried to morally justify it. Like with people eating foie gras. They justify it by saying that it's their right to eat what they want. Meanwhile poor geese can't care less, doesn't have any concept of morality, just suffers either way, because the result is the same. People just like eating their ill livers. And it doesn't matter if they justify it or not. Perhaps yes, because almost none are core businesses of Google. But it's much easier to drop without endangering the company. And the question is specifically about Google. Random selection of repositories would be better. Perhaps with a filter filtering out anything with too many stars. Reason: I know 80-90% of recommended projects. In case of Syria, this must have been used to help the regime identify people to be disappeared, for sure. There is standard library. > I'm continually surprised by how often people insist on putting struct definitions right in their header files, defeating the whole idea of type abstraction. It also defeats the idea of easy struct embedding as is done for example in the Linux kernel. Different codebases, different needs. Technical ability != value to customers. Therefore a company is not doomed. Makes me less confident in US CT capabilities. Why? I strongly doubt any criticism from a potential employer would be any good in the context of hiring. Almost all of the side projects would have undocumented constraints and requirements on which the design/engineering decisions were based. And I doubt the interviewer would take time to ask for design constraints beforehand and then go through the code enough to understand its design/architecture and have interesting criticisms that would bring something positive for the side project in the future. You can't criticize design decisions without context. I would not be welcoming to someone criticizing my side projects without first asking for context/design constraints the work was based on. I would not lash out or whatever. But I would not take the criticism without some sense of other person's care for the side project in question. What would be next? Google apologizing that you can find misinformation on the web? Paper apologizing for people writing on it? Who cares if it is a VPN server address. They may not have much arms now , but they have money. There are certainly states that would not mind selling them arms for profit. While secession will be troublesome, there are not many attempts at preventing secession that have not turned ugly violent in recent years because of attempts to prevent it. I lived through a non-violent federation split and certainly hope for this outcome elsewhere. In the case of my country majority of the people didn't want the split either. Despite that it was possible to happen without violence. Politically active get to decide. I'm not sure why expect it to be otherwise. Suppressing people wanting self-determination has costs too. Thousands of people are killed every month because some group wants to keep it's rule over some territory or group of other people. Millions are reduced to poverty and stripped of their former living space every year. It just means that there's less sex than in the first few months, but if there's no physical intimacy after that initial time, it may signal trouble. In other words, I read it as descriptive, not prescriptive. Memories are modified on retrieval and colored by current emotional state and ideas (and vice versa :)). So they're not even partial. They're messy re-imaginations of past re-imaginations. It broke web experience for me. I write userscripts / extensions for most websites I frequent, and almost none work anymore. Granted, it's because Greasemonkey decided to break backward compatibility, but that was triggered by this move to a new extension model. I tried to think forward, and proactively convert my greasemonkey scripts to new style FF extensions a few months back, to avoid dependency on GM. But abandoned that after it became clear that I'm not allowed to install my own extensions on regular Firefox, because of forced thir-party signing requirement. I have no need for signing. I could create an extension by zipping a directory. Now the workflow is 1000x more complex with all the crap loaded from npm required to sign it. My web experience is s*it, ATM. Firefox is great anyway. But it is power user hostile in some aspects too. Personal extensions/userscripts are central to my use of the web. So this is all quite annoying, since signing was enforced. And now even my userscripts broke with 57, as expected. So your idea is "nobody cares about you?" :) Also mandatory signing doesn't improve web experience for anyone. It's a security feature. Security is always inconvenient, almost by definition. So your point is invalid. I don't mind change, I like new Firefox features, what I dislike is imposition of stupid lockdowns, and pointless control. One valid point, I might concede, is that there are innocent third parties affected if someone clueless confirms installation of some malevolent extension. So restricting it is somewhat justified. Anyway, it's all still a sham. Anyone can still disable mandatory signing with a simple 10 line script patching omni.ja in any Firefox. So it's still no security against people who can be persuaded to enbale something in about:config, or run firefox with a command switch, or add some file to /etc/firefox/, or run a simple 10 line script "to make firfox compatible with our great extension". As long as you don't load untrusted code or content... I guess many of the issues are moot if untrusted code can't get access to javascript and is only exposed to HTML parser (DOMParser). The way I'm using electron for my pet projects is only passing untrusted HTML to DOMParser and then sanitizing with strict whitelist of attributes/html elements. Only then will any HTML code get interpreted by the browser engine. Feels somewhat safe, but I haven't read the bug list. :) Image format decoding and HTTP/TLS/request processing layer bugs may be other source of issues in any case. But hopefully that runs in some restricted environment. There are some international treaties US is part of that mandate certain behavior from US to non-US citizens in the US. It depends on the particular citizenship. There's requirement to allow access to consulate, for some countries of origin there's requirement to notify consulate if a citizen of that country was detained, etc. US gov. can violate these at their own peril. It's all based on reciprocity, assuming US citizens would also get worse treatment elsewhere. Doesn't seem all that important. It's just one person out of thousands who have been (and still are) treated this way by USG. Who cares if he is US citizen or not. The issue that this is done to anyone, without any public oversight or power to do anything about it is troubling. Why fake anything when propaganda works well enough. Centralization is the real issue here. If people were sending emails to each other, this could not have happened. Some would perhaps end up in spam, but if you're receiving the "same" message from multiple people, the information itself would eventually came through. Well, have you reported the bugs, or helped debug them? It was not the original argument. Search the original bitcoin paper for a word fee, the first occurance explains it. Perhaps, but why complain here then? Nothing will get fixed this way. In any case, the software is free, and reporting bugs is one way of contributing back. It's not really the same game. Having something hidden in a firmware blob vs. installing crapware on a running OS. Thankfully there are cheap SoCs that can run blobless, like Allwinner H5, which runs the Xfce/firefox reasonably fast, and hopefully, this year it will get FLOSS video decoding support, and I'll be happy as a mouse. Mali free software drivers are also being actively worked on, but that's much less interesting. Finaly a computer I fully control. :) Next, I'd like a tablet I fully control, without all the complexity of Android or traditional Linux desktop environments. Nice small userspace with small tablet GUI apps + HW access server, written in C. All snapping fast without a crazy-bloated SDK. Something that can start in 3-4 seconds including linux boot. No mention of prior work? This is part of web platform since forever. See document.createDocumentFragment(). Thanks, it's a useful part of the DOM, perhaps somewhat overlooked. I would typically write: foreach ($arr as $key => &$val) $val = f($key, $val); This would avoid this issue, while bing simpler. Usually to control on-SoC peripherals/IP blocks or to add support for other external devices (that's what kernel's for, mostly, anyway) - camera sensor, I2C controlled regulator, thermal sensor,... story? no. :D I just wanted to have a nice non-amd64 SoC based desktop, and some things were missing at the time. Probably a CMS thing. printk is probably also discouraged, these days. pr_warn/info/..() or dev_warn/info/err...() should be used. Also for anyone writing kernel code, this is indispensable: http://elixir.free-electrons.com/linux/latest/source I've tried using ledger in the past. I ended up moving all the data to a database. Ultimately it is much easier/flexible to work with SQL, than arbitrary command line tools. Also it's easier to manipulate and process the data from anywhere (psql, cli app, web app, ...), without fear of corruption. I can't share everything here, but basics are this. Three tables: accounts, transactions, entries. Entries have amount, unit, notes. Accounts have name, parent_account. Transactions have subject, notes, date. That's the data. Then I have a view that flattens accounts tree, so that each has name and fullname. Name being Fun, fullname a full path to that account, eg. Expenses:Fun. With that base structure, you can start answering any questions by just summing entries groupped by accounts filtered by a regexp on fullname and fitler on date. What is my cashflow for any time period, what is my equity, what is my balance sheet, what I actually have, what changed recently, how any of this develops over time... Corruption not in a sense of storage issues, but in a sense of a fragile text format made for human editing, but not entire pleasant for that. I wanted more pleasant entry. It became tedious/error prone to search for similar entries with vim and copy pasting. I could have made a specialized tool with nice autocomplete on top of ledger, but then why not drop the entire thing and use a database, where you don't need to re-invent groupping, sorting, filtering, summing, date interval operations and all the mundane stuff. I also wanted to import data from a bank, and keep all the info associated with the entries. Easy to do in a database, not so in ledger text format. Run it on qemu on Pi? Qemu can run individual binaries. Must say, I'm not a fan of yours or similar services, or whois databases for that matter. Privacy should be easier on the internet for people owning domain names. Sure. Yeah, it's hard. If one has multiple domains from multiple tld's pointing to the same server, it's really easy to find out other domains and tlds with more detailed and easier to access records that will reveal the owner's identity. Privately registered eu domains are quite nice. I couldn't even find two of such that I own in your database and whois only reveals email (which I made sure from the beginning to be of the same domain that I just registered, so that's useless for anything). People can probably pay for more info though. You probably misread the word. It's not security, but privacy. And privacy is made by obscuring, usually. I bought an internet domain in order for people to be able to contact me via some stable handle on the internet, that only I control. That's all. I don't want my phone, my home address, my all other domains, etc. to be easilly accessible for no reason whatsoever by nosy types. Also your question may apply to the other end too. Shouldn't it be easy for an owner of the server to find out who is behind an IP address that is connecting to his server - and I mean easy access to his/her phone number, home address and a complete history of those, too? It's easy to concot legal, technical and content reasons why this should be. Depends on the way you handle JSON. You don't need to deserialize the entire received JSON string and then walk the node tree, you can walk the string as is. With this, you can process 500MB/s or more of JSON on a single core. On the other side, you can produce JSON string directly, saving the need to produce some intermediate representation in memory. You should be able to saturate 10gbit line on a multicore server easilly with this approach. It's already a standard for M2M communication, unless you see someone writing JSON by hand when doing anything on the web. There's no noteworthy obfuscation, aside from weird names of variables. So, given that he might have prevented more damage than he caused, if even the part of the recent DDoS reduction can be attributed to his activity, what to make of it? It can be more of a judgement on society if this person ends up in jail, while IoT makers keep making hefty profits being rewarded for their negligence, and ISPs keep making profits being rewarded for lying to their customers when shit happens and causing more damage than he ever could overall. It all seems to start and end with technical ignorance of the typical customer. There are popular shows that help pepople choose better food, by exposing shenanigans food makers engage in. Perhaps there could be something similar for tech in the future. Something where a hacker comes on TV and makes a total ridicule of some IoT crap device, and the show uses it to constatntly repeats the basics, like changing default credentials, etc. Same schema that works with food shows, expose someone as an example and add some generally useful advice. Perhaps this might become feasible when IoT is more popular. Most of the value is in the data (common login credentials). The bulk of obfuscated code is probably stuff doing the network communication and perhaps some other mundane stuff, that you can do manually (over telnet, or whatever) if you like and don't care about creating a botnet. I'd go with H5 based boards. A64 is targetted at tablets, while H5 is for OTT devices. That means, you'll get much better USB experience with H5. It also supposedly has ARM cores with less quirks than A64. I'm hapilly running a secondary desktop on H5 with no serious issues on mainline kernel + some patches. It runs non-stop with no stability issues. But I have a very good power supply and custom made cables, which matters a lot. The same thing happened to me sometime in the last week. My computer was off for several days (christmas), and when I turned it on, I had an IP ban. Using proxy works, but it's a needless hassle. If I delete the cookies, everything is ok, until I click the login link. From then on all I get is 403 on all pages. Annoying to say the least is, that there doesn't seem to be any auto-unban timeout. And I don't comment all that much. Last month it was a comment every three days or so. It made me think about the value of commenting for me and I decided to stop posting and lurk. Most of the value for me is in the lurking anyway. All web frameworks solve basically the same set of problems. If you're someone with a very good knowledge of the web platform, who has seen these problems solved in miriad of ways already, job requirements usually seems rather faddish and arbitrary, I can tell you. Not sure why you're downvoted. It's a perfectly reasonable trade off. I'll be searching for ways to disable most of these mitigations too after the dust settles. I rarely run untrusted code, and for that I can probably find a way to run it securely depending on the perceived threat. A lot of what I do on my main computer is syscall heavy, and I don't like 25-50% performance hit. Have you ever been an upstream? What you're suggesting is awfully wasteful. You'd get endless requests for "please add build for XXX" if you ever distribute any binary. Where XXX is anything from arbitrary versions of arbitrary distribution, or any kind of non-linux OSes. And all that for i686, x86_64, various ARMs,... Who has time for that? If you state you only distribute source code and perhaps binary for Windows, you will not get bothered ever again. Better let the building be done by people who are doing building all day en masse for a single arch, or have infrastructures set up to do builds for multiple archs easilly, than to expect every upstream to have this setup. I wish more websites would go back to header/sidebar/content layouts and rather than trying to impress with all the gimmicky crap and random layout, would again start trying to inform. You're just assumming the library is 10x better. One reason to use web components would be it allows for a much more lightweight abstraction over DOM. Sure, I ignore that, for the sake of an argument. Hopefully webcomponents will be ready soon in evergreen browsers. You can still compare idea of React and idea of web components, ignoring everything else, and come to some conclusions. Then you're needlessly limiting yourself, as you'd very unlikely run into any verbal abuse. If anything you'd have trouble getting code in because maintainer thinks it would add more complexity than is necessary, or would make his job harder in the future, or after writing and testing the code, you'd find out you should have been doing things differently, etc. These are much more probable ways to get discouraged from contributing kernel code. There's a high bar to getting code in, and that can be frustrating. But it also keeps the mainline attractive to users and developers, because of ever improving code quality. So is this the end of Google captchas asking for where the car/sign/whatever is? Will there be a final battle of AIs, where they will kill each other, and the unfettered access to websites over VPN/tor wins and laughs the last laugh? You can complain to the site operator. Google is not forcing their captcha on websites. If enough people do that, perhaps site operator(s) will take notice. Tell them exactly what you don't like so they don't eventually change to different vendor, but same annoying captcha tech. None of those, except perhaps for the golang are a flavor of the month languages. Using "Right tool for the job" is also important. People would just have an alternative choice. All you say can be said for any other app on the app store. I'm still doing it that way for a big 150kloc SPA. It's the way ExtJS3 apps were put together and it works fine. Everything is neatly namespaced in a global namespace and always accessible. At some point we even stopped minifying JS code, because it's gzipped/cached most of the time anyway. Build tool - with this way of organizing things - can be `cat`, simple 20 line php script to bundle icons together with `montage` that comes with imagemagick and direct invocation of `sassc`. Build times are 100ms. Simplicity is priceless. There's never any migration, no new features, no deprecations, no maintenance issues, no instability, because everything is so stupidly basic. You can jump 10 years forward, and app will still be buildable from git with only tools available in your OS distro. It's written in ES5 though. Outlook.com/Microsoft blacklists entire subnets because there are spammers in the same IP range. It's ridiculously lazy practice. They should just block IP addresses that are actually sending SPAM. It's not like that's a problem technically. You can fit all IPv4 addresses into a 512MB database. I'm thinking of solving it by blacklisting outlook.com domain, so that senders at least know that I can't respond to them. I can put a message in the error response, that will be reliably relayed to the sender by the sending system. Google's slightly better. Recently I did an experiment and created a few gmail accounts and sent some riduculously spammy messages full of typical keywords in between those gmail accounts, and they were all successfully delivered. Always. Then I sent e-mail from new gmail account to my email server and simply responded and it went to spam. It's ridiculous that such a simple heuristic like someone responding to a message gmail user sends doesn't get the message through spam filters, even though the system can clearly determine taht the message is legit based on many variables (References field referencing message-id of the original message (noone else than the recipient should know this), reply being from a correct source (DKIM/SPF), message having normal looking business content, etc.). There's way too heavy a weight on sending server IP range reputation. Hmm, but where do you ask for that? I only miss not being able to use some ES6 features, because of IE11 requirement. We can use closure compiler to get ES6 syntax support at this point, because browsers usable for development support ES6+, so it wouldn't need to be run during development, only for deploy. Webpack is not necessary for that though. Live reload with ExtJS app would be a nightmare even with webpack. On-demand code loading optimizations are not necessary. Tree shaking would not help much at this point, because I've removed unused components manually. Proper namespacing (if you mean ES6 imports) would not help much. The app is self-contained and uses only a few external dependencies. How would they know on scale what removed accounts were controlled by a human? Some people may just not want to return after the ban. Bots can probably create new accounts and complain too and a few complaining high profile twitter users that would filter out to media to be verified by journalists don't really make a good study. bootstrapping Which one? I'd say it's better to use DRM, it's more flexible, and you'll end up with framebuffer in the end too. It will allow you to use different pixmap formats, layers, double buffering, etc. And even if you don't want GUI framework, and want to write your app differently, you can start with cairo and pangocairo or something similar, so that you don't have to care about low level drawing primitives. My somewhat equivalent code for working with double-buffered version of display code using DRM is about 200 lines of C. But that includes some abstraction and a lot of error checking/logging. I'm not sure why you'd need to replicate anything complicated like wayland. You can use DRM API just like you'd use /dev/fb0, it just has more options/features. As for cairo, obviously it's a heavier solution, but also more featureful, optimized and output neutral. Use curl. Disable javascript. Replace Math.random with your own function via extension, etc. I predict "Not secure" will lose meaning for many people. There's just too many non-https websites. Traffic is not a relevant metric for this. Tell me how many of the websites that a user visits are http. It's easy: sqlite3 places.sqlite 'select url from moz_places' | cut -d / -f 1,3 | sort | uniq | cut -d : -f 1 | sort | uniq -c 4915 http 4227 https That matches my personal numbers for page views too, but TLS is site specific and not page specific, and it is deployed on small minority of websites on the internet (20-25% of top 1mil.), so my point still holds. I may spend 80% of my time (whatever that means) on a few HTTPS websites, but I also spend 20% of my time browsing much larger proportion of non-https websites. So the warning will be popping out a lot and will soon become a thing to ignore. You're right, it's still roughly fifty fifty for me: 3946 4236 > In a world where everyone is having to solve the worst-case problem anyway, every site should just have numbers as unique identifiers... ICQ did that. Though it still led to interesting results, because lower numbers were thought to be more valuable, and people were buying/selling those. Perhaps a random numbers with the same number of digits or UUIDs may work without such issues. :) So if take-homes are to become the best practice for interviewing, perhaps there should be some service for re-using old ones that companies can trust that the candidate did for some other company and under which constraints. Otherwise it's just too much of a time waste for candidates, repeating take-homes for every single candidate company. It would be like personal projects but with a few guarantees on top, like that the candidate got the work assigned by someone else, and s/he did it under some time/other constraints. And there would perhaps be a public free-form feedback from the other comapny (no rating). So the next comapny has to judge the work itself without ability to pre-filter based on whatever rating the previous one would have given (to avoid bias, because the scoring would be non-objective/non-standardized). But I would still not like the take-homes. :) Unless your IP address is deemed being in a bad block. Then all of the above is not even checked (on outlook.com, that is). I'm glad they chose to support warchild. It will not stop Russian and Syrian governments from murdering and maiming ~50-100 children daily these days, while trying to replay Grozny scenario in Ghouta, but anything that helps at least those that manage to run away south to Jordan and not freeze to death on their way is great. I bet reduction is not due to price, but due to cashiers not automatically handing out bags to people (which was a frequent occurance when they were free). Me too, but ultimately this will mean not using services that decide to implement AMP. Most services will just see one or two weird customers creating issues for them. Also, unless you complain, they'd have to check their server logs, to even notice the deliverability issues. You can just as well receive the e-mail and just complain if it's AMP only, or they don't pay attention to the plaintext part, causing issues for you. I know, but AMP will be used mostly for automated email, and I'm not holding my breath many services that send me e-mail check their mailserver logs, if they even know such a thing exists. Bouncing to no-reply address will not help much either. And I need to receive e-mail from services I've registered to anyway, that's why I whitelist anything sent to a random email address that I assign to each service. Better to just complain over channels where someone is actually listening. json_encode will escape / with \ by default, so this shouldn't be an issue. Hmm, so if more people do this, anti-amp email blocking would reduce reputation of amp-email senders? Nice. What would be nice is a component that would connect to a XMPP server over a websocket, create a temporary account (save a handle to localStorage) and start a chat with me. Everything could run on the same server. Perhaps a small plugin for prosody if necesary at all and a self-contained JS code. Nothing else. Lol, CloudFlare is what's breaking the web if you need to have a stupidly complicated JavaScript engine enabled and accessible to a webpage you don't trust (and can't trust) to be able to access the said webpage. Based on how it's done, you can't check first if the page hidden behind clouflare is something you'd want to enable javascript for, because clouflare will not let you see the HTML code of the page, without enabling javascript for it first. That is broken. This happens over normal cable internet connection (as someone mentioned below, it is probaby when a website is in IUAM) and it is not related to captchas. Cloudflare provides some page with JS code that computes something and then procedes to the correct page if it is computed correctly. So I can either enable JS both for the cloudflare interstitial page and for the target website, or I'm not able to access the website. I'm not angry, I just close the website/go back to search results. I will not allow the browser to run random JS code from the target website for no reason, just because the interstitial page requires it. Still, if someone requires computing random challenges in javscript in order to gain access to a web page, they're breaking the web. Javascript is still an optional addon. Yes that's it. https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-im-under-attack-mode... Just don't forget to implement the counting of false positives. The current system doesn't work well, given that US still counts al-Mansoura as 30 ISIS fighters killed and not 150 IDPs as per the independent UN commission investigation. You'd believe based on what? US doesn't do any on-the-ground post airstrike investigations most of the time, talking to the affected people. So it can't even know what is collateral damage and what is not. Really, I'd like to see how would a feedback loop that would make US military minimize civcas work in the real world with the current way these things are evaluated by the military. US had for a long time literaly two people dedicated to processing the hunderds of their civilian casualty incidents reports until recently. They have backlog of a year or so of reports. So after killing thousands of people in Raqqa and leveling the City, US military hasn't even started processing complaints. The operation is over for 5 months and official casualty numbers are like "perhaps we might have killed 2 civilians". "Sorry we have backlog." Meanwhile, hunderd corpses are still being extracted monthly from the leveled buildings in the city months later. Still, it's mildly better than the idiotic european allies who still maintain that they killed no civilian after droping thousands of ~200kg bombs since 2014. It's really that demented. It may be a stated goal to minimize collateral damage. But with this crap going on, I don't believe it has any meaning. US military probably employs 100x more people to clean the fucking toilets than to process the civcas reports. Lip service and all. Look at the Aleppo mosque bombing to see how US classifies drone images. It's basically a height of a person (proxy for age). I'd say it can't help, if they train it on how they currently classify images with no feedback from the ground. It may be good for PR though, and to help justify the killings. "Look, we use Google's world class AI technology!" https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/checkpoint/wp/2017/06/07... Looks like they just searched up parts of the website (in google?) until they found a testing server running the market. Another lesson for the operators there. Protect your testing deployments the same way you do the production web. BTW, are there search engines that allow to search for HTML code of the web pages? I was thinking of something like searching by an element class name or other unique looking attribute values to find deployments of a given web app on the internet. Because the goal is achieving compliance (something that would benefit everyone), not punishment (something that just benefits the author). Correlations are non-transitive. You'd have to study: saturated fat intake CVD Not sure what you're asking? You've shown two correlations and you can't make the conclusion the way you did based on those two correlations. It's just how statistics works in our complex world. Perhaps if you can prove that only cholesterol affects CVD and nothing else. Good luck with that. You'd need to study the relationship directly. Otherwise, your ignoring the whole range of effects that eating saturated fat may have that would counteract CVD. You're just picking one effect (cholesterol) and making invalid transition from that to correlation between saturated fat and CVD. Microtik gets frequent updates. You get what you pay for. Crap router for $20, no updates. Microtik or other well supported router for >$100, I've done about 20 updates since I got it years ago. Where do you store the trust from all those people to be able to query the statistics? That's just another central point of failure. Only if you will not use USB for anything else. Not for everyone. I don't use smartphone, and have no google on my dumbphone. And this practice of locking you out or give a number is annoying as fuck. Why? Sometimes companies don't accept just any number. I have perfectly regular number from a "virtual operator", with SIM and all that. It gets rejected for being "unsupported." I will surely not go and buy new SIM I have no need for, just to get access to some stupid service, with uncertain result anyway. What are they thinking? That didn't answer anything. How can you trust the result if anyone can write there. How can you trust the individual store that it doesn't manipulate its contents, etc. It's not entirely nothing. Even if gov. thugs are there to beat you, if you communicated with others safely, at least those people are still protected as long as you will not reveal their identity or whatever you've communicated about. If the gov. just murders you and gets to your stuff, they can't analyze it to get at more people in your circle. It just doesn't solve the problem of violent government. But there are still benefits. > Do you really believe Gmail and your personal server possess the same value as targets? That's also the point. :) Why put your data into a service that has higher chance of being targetted (and you may never know if it was). Also if you're in control of the device, you'll be the one receiving the subpoena/search warrant (or a swat team), so you'll know if it was targetted. Trump will tax americans for $30bn per year in imported goods/raised domestic prices. Many cheer their increased costs. :D There are no global benefits to limiting trade, which this action is. Neither are there any overall regional benefits. Certain industries will benefit, and certain industries will lose, on both sides of the border, as markets adjust. Some people will be forced to do their trade with different people for higher prices, rise prices, or close business, or suck it up in private life. That's about it. Not all driver are there, of course. Many are out of tree. The map is simply incomplete, so it only lists some sample of the network card drivers there, otherwise it would be a mess. Unless people are doing shalow clones, almost everybody uses git as DVCS. Author was presumably saved by this (old local copy). Sure, but it's decentralized in a sense that there's nothing special about any of the clones. If developers lose their shared clone of the repository, they can re-create it easily by seting up another shared clone that anyone can access and push there from their local repos. Nothing will be lost. "Central" server is not special in any way, other than being readily accessible by everyone in the team. Some services break this by piling other stuff on top of git that's not distributed (like issues, ci, etc.), but that's not a problem of git. Of course they are to blame. People often times go to prison if they kill someone on the road even if they didn't intend to. The people you're talking about are more to blame, given how much they were war profiteers themselves and were intertwined with war profiteering firms. Also it can't seriously be called negligent killing if there's no serious effort to reduce or let alone count the dead and find what the "mistakes" were. Probably because there are no mistakes, it's calculated acceptable "colateral damage" (I hate this euphemism). Just like after Trump changed the rules and US related killing rate rised by some 400% or so right after that. Sadly, similar massacres are happening almost daily in this world. One day you see someone start a twitter campaing like #iamstillalive, the other you see a reports of him being killed in an airstrike with countless other people. People are daily begging on twitter for their lives, to be spared, to someone help them. You can easily find similar images from what you see in this article, from yesterday, day prior, almost any day of the week. Dead people, burned people, living people who have their arms baked to the bone, hacked off extremities... plenty of orhpaned children. Just yesterday ~61 people were burned to death in incendiary air strike in the middle of the city with many others injured. What is worrying though how much propaganda there is these days, which says that this is all made up, staged, people are doing it to themselves, and how many people seemingly take this shit seriously. How much effort there is to justify such attrocities. That's seriously deranged, and I still don't know what to think of it. I don't know. I'm not an american. World is a mess though, and if people try to make sense of it by the use of some very large highlevel abstractions like left/right/democracy/islamism/etc. they're likely to fail. I'm sure if someone tried, they can find good sounding justification for a lot of things within any of these highlevel thought systems. For example my mind boggles at the fact, that part of american left is pro-Assad (which is basically a horryfying middle-eastern dictator). If what he does would be happening in America, they'd be horrified. Currently there's some pushback against a new proposed CIA chiefess, because of overseeing torture. Yet Assad is acceptable despite running horrendous prisons like Adra, Sednaya, etc. (read some HRW reports, see "Caesar" photos). To me it's more interesting to look at behavior/stated motivations of individual people, which leads to a more realistic view of the world. Yet it will cover very little, almost nothing, because it's hard to generalize from that. Whistleblower's account suspended. https://twitter.com/chrisinsilico/status/975335430043389952 So it would be a good opportunity to learn the web, for those people. > Historically, anyone living in a small community had such a lack of privacy, that it would be intolerable to many modern city dwellers. We're talking about information age though, where the information can be gathered in massive quantities and processed and used in ways such past communities would not even dream about. These days someone can be harrased by some idiot/criminal from other side of the globe. So the issue is not really comaprable, and risks are different. > So there is a substantial cost in avoiding the free email services like Gmail, for nebulous benefit. Only if you define the alternative as picking a random shared hosting provider. Just pick a better one than gmail. Where that happens? I have a simple userscript that filters by the domain and by article title - blacklisting articles. You can get more technical hacker new by filtering out all news websites. It's quite effective. Presumably, $FAMILY_MEMBER would have to get past the phone number whitelist too. So it might not be that bad. I'm excited for WebAuthentication. That's probably the only thing that will push me to implement something new and significantly valuable for my apps this year based on web platform improvements. Not really, no. You can't even torrent there without getting threatening letters in the mail. Also wifi/responsibility issues. Copyright nonsense is running strong in Germany. There are freeer countries than that WRT internet freedom in EU. > Completely different than stealing the production of a movie company and giving it to others for free. Do you mean two consenting adults copying some files? If you don't mind ignoring laws around taxis, etc. why a special case for copyright? I also wonder how sending requests will work for companies maintaining shadow profiles. PII is defined quite widely, for example my phone number is PII because it can be used to uniquely identify me. So how to get my PII deleted from FB's servers, for example? FB mines other people's phones for this data continuously, so will they setup a blacklist, so that my phone number will not get mined ever again from other people's phones? Blacklist will have to contain my phone number in order to work. Somewhat self-defeating. Hashing will not do much, because the search space is so small. Also, they may have my phone, and some guess at my identity. Providing a much stronger link between my identity and my various other identifying information (phone no, emails, ...) to random shady companies and hoping they'll use it to delete data they may have on me... uh. It does not add up to something sensible. Social media is very scary if you don't look only at the relatively educated western populations. Easy way to spread and amplify plausible sounding lies with little correction or oversight in third world countries, where people don't understand the context of what social media is or how it is different from normal media, how it all works, how easy is to photoshop stuff for pretty much anyone... It's troublesome. Even some officials in UN are fearful of Facebook inspired genocide these days. Rwanda was radio telling people to go killing the Other. Now it is Facebook in some countries. Myanmar, Sri Lanka, India,... The difference compared to radio is that it should be possible to prevent incitement to kill/hurt people for Facebook operators even if it would mean shutting it down in particular country, so there's culpability of the Facebook co. Facebook is not just a dumb pipe, they clearly police the content. One day we may wake up to a reality of tens of thousands massacred muslims (or whoever) after people take it to the streets after some particularly successful hate week going viral on Facebook. As of today the riots are so far localised. Not only that, her children would lose a mother for a few more years. It just shows some people inside think that outsiders are too stupid to understand/appretiate what the insiders are talking about, so it better stay hidden. Some of the employees' comments also betray this belief. Why couldn't a discussion about the future (features? :)) of Facebook could not be open if it's such a big and far reaching platform? What's to hide? Media would have hard time feeding on it, compared to the current situation where it is all interesting and whatever because some "secret" "leaked" and therefore it is "newsworthy". For quite some time already and not to be used in production. Anyway, if this is how people use PHP these days, why not just use Java? I guess deployment is different (PHP is not compiled), but code/concepts seem pretty much the same at this point if you want to use this style of programming. Is it really less verbose for OOP programming than Java, if you're using type annotations, etc.? Is there some documentation on how to run code from a string in C. I guess I can setup a getter for a buffer and then call fxParseScript? Is that all? Ah, I found some nice example in fx_agent_start_aux() function. :) Website you like that invites discussion has a very shitty comment system, that doesn't notify you of the responses to your comments. Or perhaps you want to monitor mentions of your name, and join the discussion. Or you want to not lose your past thoughts, because discussions were deep and some may be interesting to re-read in the future. Or a website is known to allow users delete their comments, or website itself bans users and hides all their content from others for flimsy reasons like "ISIS" in the title, no matter whether it's pro/against/neutral/irrelevant. Or you want to organize the information differently than the site does. Or the website is bloated and slow as hell, and you want to use it over gprs, so you create a lightweight/fast/better organized/filtered mirror. Or the website doesn't have search or it is crap/slooow, and is not indexed in google, like some IRC logs out there. Or you want to have content available offline. ... I understand, though I meant to use xs engine separately on bigger platforms, where this is not an issue. Don't worry, at least in Burma (country where a genocide is happening) it's fixed now. /s For a country very roughly the population of Germany they now have dozens of people policing content. In Germany they had 1200 before even announcing they'd hire anyone for Burma. And that itself was because of pressure from German government. They "care", but only about expanding recklessly and doing absolute minimum to keep their market. It's prudent corporate behavior. http://www.apnewsarchive.com/2017/Facebook-is-adding-500-mor... More reason for FB to actually police their platform according to their own rules there, and not let site policy violations slide. More like: var myString = match (status) { 200 => "Success", 401 => "Fail!" } So is this solvable by writing an app that downloads updates for all of friend/page's walls regularly and creates its own aggregated newsfeed/filter? Or is this not accessible in Facebook API? I don't use FB anymore, but that's what I'd do. Data is there, so it's only the matter of storing them locally, creating my own wall, and then linking back to facebook for interaction/comments if necessary. "All of your information" is a bit over the top don't you think? It's just an e-mail address. It's not relevant to anything. The important info is address and name. I have the same system. It achieves 100% reliable spam protection with zero false positives and zero false negatives. It's a perfect system, if I follow some basic rules. It also eliminates phishing, except in case of unannounced data leaks. I mark e-mails received from random e-mail addresses I generated in the past with green color, so it's immediately obvious what is legitimate and what is not. It'd be a bit ironic if someone would think that I'm a fraud, because of this system that is designed to protect me from fraud. :D Never had an issue with businesses accepting my addresses, except one person looking at me strangely, when I was opening a bank account with a random email address, when I told him that no, I'll not repeat the address to him. :) All the person on the receiving end has to do, is open the email address domain in the browser, and there's an explanation what's up right there. If I were a fraudster I'd make an address that looks perfectly ordinary. It's so weird for someone to assume that weird looking address indicates fraud. Are there any numbers? How much of a dent to terror financing this does? I doubt it's very much. I noticed InVision in the e-mail. That's the worst design of an app I had to use so far. Icons everywhere without explanation (you have to hover), a lot of stuff has extremely annoying gray (like text in #ddd, so you see it on screen that there's something there, but can't read it) Why designers don't use background to highlight active items, while keeping text/icons high contrast, instead of making everything unreadable, and using black color to barely highlight what's focussed, is beyond me. It's all extremely gimicky, especially all those useless animations of huge areas of the page. I never understood what it's for, aside from commenting on screens - and it does shitty job at that too - you start typing a comment but you can't move the fucking comment box around so that it doesn't cover the part you're commenting - so you close the comment box, to see and reopen and your unfinished comment is gone. Instead of focussing on important stuff like this, they create shitty gimmicks. It's almost satirical how it markets itself compared to how bad it is. And whatever this is it certainly seems inspired by InVision. There are different meanings. Back in the day there was DHTML, where D stands for dynamic. So static page 10 years ago would mean no javascript. There are decent tools for PDF. (La)TeX being one, poppler being another, qpdf being yet another that I used and found very useful for manipulating PDFs, like removal of useless watermarks. There are plenty of other tools that can work with PDFs, like inkscape, libreoffice, ImageMagick,... I'm waiting for a time when being a criminal or a terrorist is decided based purely on what you do, and not on whether some unidentifiable people pushed a button on some machine or made a circle on unsigned paper and thrown it into a box. Until then, this distinction ("until criminals and terrorists") doesn't really mean anything, when state actors regularly act indistinguishably from criminals and terrorists. Yes. But who cares, there are many better services. Rather not, I'm still glad it's not very well known in SV or mentioned on HN. Sorry. I tried scaleway, and I'm glad I didn't try to move my personal SMTP server there. The other issue was that I can't run my own kernel there, which was also non-obvious before purchasing. They make it look like it's baremetal, but it's limited in this way. Now I'm on a fully virtualized vmware VM where I can do pretty much anything, including running a kernel with WireGuard included. And it's half the price of 1-XS for the same specs and no blocked ports and no uploading of my ID somewhere I don't trust. You will never know or be able to judge until you get on the other side of it. The worst are companies who use gmail to accept unsolicited email from job applicants. It's not a great first impression if you are asked to write something up (on a Careers page) and send it to some address and then are 5xx rejected and your email is blackholed and not even delivered to a SPAM folder. Funny thing is that the 5xx message tells you to contact their gsuite admin to change some settings. :D I guess to get blackholed again. I guess scraping their UI is not an option either, is it? It looks like it could be quite a bit of pain with all that ajaxy incremental loading, lot of variation in what can be on the wall and obfuscated CSS. That was a painless installation. Seriously, this is something to immitate if you mean for your self-hosted application to be widely used. If only other self-hosted/distributed projects were this easy to install. I skiped on discourse, mastodon, gitlab, etc. because they were all pain to setup on a base linux system. I wonder what would happen if I gave my =@[mydomain.tld] (mydomain is not my domain :)). I have such an address, but haven't tried to actively give it to anyone outside of people who hit my website. Probably a major confusion. There are a lot of funny looking e-mail addresses one can create by crafting a local part with acceptable symbols, or by using quotes. Say: {+}@abc.tld !@abc.tld ?@abc.tld {|@abc.tld URL bar search uses bookmarks, and they also make search useful even after clearing your history. I didn't like the code either. I remember seeing that they were changing euid betwen root and something else all over the place, for seemingly little benfit, because exploit code could simply change it back to root too. It seemed a bit confused. Though there's nsjail if you want something better written/cleaner. Sure, though I was talking about simplicity of the installation of app itself within any Linux distribution, not an entire pre-packaged Linux distribution. There's also arch linux arm way, where you control the build/linking from the target device, but the compilation of object code is done by a cross-compiler over the network. Also customers would just think the website is offline, because browser's error page doesn't say: "You have IPv4, but you need IPv6. Call your ISP." So there'd be no: "I want this IPv6" calls to the ISP. There's also an option on FB not to share your wall posts with anyone. Yet you'd not infer from that that people sharing crap about their lifes on the wall is not integral to the FB's business model. Something's wrong with your logic. Regulation not working in this case. Interesting how if you incorporated to do this, it actually makes animal abuse more excusable, rather than being interpreted as a criminal conspiracy, and being treated more harshly than random individual abuse. I think the part about rather big enforcement penalties made it easy for various consultants to scare companies and sadly also some individual developers. I already had to fend off implementing some ridiculous features. I've pushed against misconceptions and use of non-existent terminology that's not even in the law. People are taking info from all kinds of sources, some of them sketchier than others, despite the existence of official EU guides, and the law itself. But I bet it will be easy to comply for most non-adtech/tracking businesses. And as an internet user, I'm looking forward to better data exports, data removal and more transparency. Also Crysis. And when it comes to interesting input interface, anyone remembers Dasher that was once also part of GNOME? http://www.inference.org.uk/dasher US is involved in human rights violations too. So where does that logic leave us? Sure. Though I'm questioning the logic of the parent post, by providing counterexample that makes his request somewhat hard to realize. It's not nonsense. Russia is waging a propaganda war in the west. Results are clearly visible in the last 5 years or so. Even in my country that was occupied by USSR at one time, there are now very vocal pro-russian agenda voices, especially on social media, news comment sections and or alt-news websites. It's ridiculous. And what's this website anyway? Someone created an anonymous website to spread some onesided info about a feud with some wikipedia editor he doesn't like. Out of curiosity, I looked up Galloway. He isn't really serious about what he writes about UK/US/Syria. Just filter his twitter for syria keyword. It's all just some one-sided polemic, often based on leading questions. It's not even reporting. He comes of as some kind of misinformed activist with non-obvious agenda. Anti-war? That surely must be a joke. He has 151k tweets and barely mentions destruction of Raqqa by US air campaign that was going on for 5 months. He mentions Kobani, another city US bombed and shelled to the ground, precisely once - to send people to RT/Sputnik for info about that. All these things and others were significantly more influential actions by the US war machine in the region, and incomparably more deadly and injurious to innocents. He's not even anti-US/UK war machine, consistently. Yet US does some token attack on Assad's infrastructure, and he spreads alarmist nonsense for days, even insinuating that he might be killed by UK government. I don't get him. Perhaps he's just trying to look certain way to UK citizens, and it's all just posturing/signalling. He didn't even mention any of the Assads war crimes, or what he did to fuel instability and war in the region. No mention out of 151k tweets. That's anti war? It's not just article. It's specifically created anonymous website just for this single page on top of nearlyfreespeech.net. Yes, airstrikes typically happen in what US calls war zones. Typically weak countries without allies that are willing to do anything in response. Anyway, what were you tryin to say? Second part of the argument is: > "...or anyone else involved in human rights violations." My point is that the original argument is a simplistic argument. Not that US government is the same as China's government. It makes sense, no? It's easy then to use your prior work to make you more effective, by being able to re-use parts of it in the future. The Landmark Forum looks about as controversial as the similar russian cults I've been reading about in "Nothing is true and everything is possible." The Forum also has mentions in the literature about cults. > Authentic relating uses exercises, or games, to teach the skills necessary to quickly create deep, meaningful human connection. You can not create deep meaningful human connection quickly. It's just a game with emotions. A game plenty of organizations and cult gurus abuse for money and power. If a person feels safe he might talk about things he would not otherwise. Yes. But deep meaningful connection requires both people knowing each other for a long time, spending a lot of time together and living through a lot of different situations, both hard and easy, dead serious and playful. What positive aspect was it? I have a tainted view of vulnerability as I saw it preached for years by someone who turned out to be a world class opportunist and manipulator. Some youtube personality I'll not mention the name of, because he seems to thrive on negative publicity these days. It's one of those human ideas that a zebra would not understand as Sapolsky would say. Try explaining to a zebra benefits of being vulnerable. :) That's a good point. On the other hand strangers are easier to manipulate, because they don't really know each other. The connection is all just words and projection of their personal life experiences onto each other. (at first) If they're opposite sexes there's risk of infatuation. So it's easier to be open, it all may feel great, but has its own challenges. > Can only be that Canadian guy ... You're a world class guesser. :) > as humans we all share the human experience and we all have more in common than we differ Reading the opening paragraph again, the author basically claims the training aims at improving curiosity and empathy and that these are necessary (not sufficient) to create a deep and meaningful connection, but leaves how that happens to the reader. I tried to find more information about AR and found AR international training website, where they (do not really) describe their approach. They seem to be inspired by Fritz Perls and his Gestalt therapy, but that's itself a complicated view of human psychology. It's not clear what parts of Gestalt psychology they accept. It's all just too vague. I wouldn't call it a school of thought. Gestalt certainly is though! They also seem to overpromise a bit, to say the least, in introductions to their trainings. It's ridiculous actually for a weekend workshop. https://www.authenticrelatingtraining.com/level-1 No. You haven't expalined why is judging someone's public persona/ideas by their own public pronouncements (or lack thereof) on twitter irrational or wrong. If someone has hunderds of thousands of tweets, I'd say such judgement would be pretty accurate, unless he segemnts his pronouncements based on media/audience in some very deliberate way, which I doubt, because he went to twitter to critcize US intervention. And yes I wonder how he's anti-war in general or even anti-US imperialism in general based on some simple searches that reveal he's barely criticized US foreign meddling in the war against ISIS on twitter. Cross may be suspicious, I aggree, but that doesn't make the web page magically non-anonymous and balanced. You don't need all that much power to toast such a small resistor. Looks like 0805 package, which would be rated for 0.125W max. Easy to burn. It probably burned because of something causing higher current draw than expected by designers. Short or whatvever. If it failed open, which would be expected, it might have acted as a fuse. Hmm, I have a feeling this feature will be opt out one day. One more thing to remember to turn off in Firefox, if you're running your own DNS over TLS with more elaborate config than what will be in Firefox. One thing I like about this DNS over TLS is that now it should be possible to route DNS requests over tor safely to a more trusted DNS resolving endpoint. Though I haven't yet checked how it would work with Cloudflare. Will I have to solve google captacha per handful of DNS requests if I try to access 1.1.1.1 from tor? Anyone tried? Well I totaly understand why he would do this. I once made an international wire transfer, because there was no other option, and the banks stripped me of 7% of the funds on fees, and completely retarded currency exhange rate. For this guy, that would be a year of savings, which is not insignificant. Also banks will not commit to any specific total fee amount. If you read their terms and conditions, they say that money could go via unspecified number of intermediaries, where any one of them can take a part of the money up to 5% each or some such. This is soved by knowing the destination size and using functions that respect that and never assume the size of an input will not be larger. (unless proximity of something that would assure the size of input is close enough to where you're making the assumption about it in code, but still you'd be taking risks, especially if it's not your code, but some foreign library call) It's the same with web programming. You always escape on the output, or just avoid escaping by using proper API (el.textContent = 'something'). Wage theft is technically fraud. A company agreed to some exchange (work money) and is not delivering. Unless there are real reasons, and not just general mismanagement that was know/expected prior to hiring someone, it's just fraud. Just because author doesn't use mailing lists, doesn't mean it's a self-refuting argument, or that nobody else does. Also it's a comparison with pros/cons. What's to refute? It's quite acurate, and I liked the depth. One other major dis-benefit of github is hiding of contact information. If you're communicating on ML, you autmatically have everyone's email, and can contact them privately or publicly any time, even when ML goes away. What happens when github goes away? Or you're banned. Or it's banned in a certain country. Even if it's for a day or two. You have to build contacts outside of github in order not to lose them, and bother people even if you don't intend to communicate atm. > Another workaround is to merely pipe the output to a file in certain cases. If that works for a certain tool, it's author really has no excuse to not implement NO_COLOR env as well. GNU grep has support for colors. Your circuit presumably terminates at CloudFlare infrastructure and not at a random exit node where the packets need to be routed again over the open internet to CloudFlare. I wonder if latency is better. That's the point. If the program is already doing isatty() and thus has code for color/no-color output already, just adding getenv("NO_COLOR") is a no-brainer. End-to-end yousually means client to client. So all you need to verify is client code. It's all an entirely predictable result of protectionism. These kinds of bugs are language independent, the source is between the screen and the keyboard. The trust model of linux distro is different from NPM. Dependning on the distro, there may be many maintainers who are separate from upstream developers. These maintainers may manage 5-10 pcakages on average and usually keep tabs on the upstream. There's just no equivalent of maintainers in the NPM land. First four words are enough for me. Should we rename HN to 500 news? Perhaps 7. is one reason for the religious radicalisation thriving in prisons. > there isn’t a universally deployed format to even allow it to travel easily over the network and be viewed on one of many useful and advanced viewers. printf(" %s ", htmlescape(blabla), ...); Copy paste to the browser and you're done. This sounds more distopian than utopian. - No more "any device can talk to any device" - No more "I'm a packet from xyz because I say so" - No more third party connections. I like the opennes of the web and the fact that anyone can connect to anything sans authehtcation. What about pictures of other crimes involving children, like dead and mutilated children. The parents can be re-victimized by seeing their dead children online again and again, potentially. If the child survived, it would surely be triggering to see themselves suffering so horribly. Should people posessing such pictures be treated as harshly as people posessing cp? They certainly are not right now. I guess intent is different on the production side. It's usually reporting (but often times people just sharing pictures they received from someone, without any censorship or much verification). But what do we know why people want to posess such pictures. It's a picture/video of a horrific crime involving a child, perhaps even more horrific than most CP. I mean how can you compare a child being tickled inappropriately for example with a child intentionally burned by chemicals until it slowly drowns to death because of pulmonary edema. Sometimes society's rules are hard do make sense of if you try to make sense of them rationally. Or just go buy it for $10. Yes, there's a component that some people are attracted to viewing CP, thus there's incentive to produce it. This component is probably not that present in an addiction to gore material. People can be sensitive to the way the material was produced and react differently to accidental/documentary, staged voluntary, or staged involuntary recordings. If you search online you'll find accounts of people being horrified, yet attracted to gore. Psychology of these things is quite interesting. I thought of using something like this for switching input devices between 4 of my computers that have some kind of desktop interface. Out of desire for much better robustness I opted for a 4-way physical USB switch instead. Extremely cheap, and works even in u-boot, during early boot for FDE password entry, etc. Also has a clear visual indication of apushed in button of where the input is connected atm. Some others more or less obscure features I used and liked: - data checksuming (can be enabled in initdb) - extending the database in C (mostly adding various functions, that would be hard and slow to implement in SQL, but I've also been able to write functions that generate datasets on the fly that are loaded from a custom server over a unix socket) - writing ECPG clients https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/static/ecpg.html Depending on how you'll work and charge for time worked, you may want to factor that in the price too. I'm typically a sole person responsible for frontend dev, so most of the work time involves writing code or specifications and very little is communication. Flexible hours and remote work also mean that I'm not charging for slacking around the cooler, or having a lunch. I just can't do 8h days 5 times a week of this kind of work consistently. So if you compare/base your compensation to FTE, factor in that no FTE comes to work in the morning, writes code for 8h straight and goes home. I add 30% just for this over the FTE salary, aside from other differences. Yes. Most of ISIS didn't deserve drone attacks. It was a state-like big organization comprised of many diffrent kinds of people who opportunistically, or out of ideology, or by being misled, or under a threat of force, or taken young and brainwashed, joined and helped said organization, which seemed or was in some important cases objectively better than the possible alternatives. Being highly sectarian it was also very horrible to groups of people deemed an underclass. I certainly wouldn't want to live under (in?) ISIS, but that's because I had a luck of being born in a stable country where the government doesn't hate me and doesn't treat me as an underclass, where the police doesn't rob me or beat me,... Many other people had no such luck, and I will not simply say that they deserve to die, just because someone slaps some label on them without any obvious nuance. Also since you're creating a tunnel, you should make sure your end is firewalled correctly from the incomming connections from the other side. Especially if you're a dev type and may run local services on all interfaces mindlessly or whatever. You should go and murder 70 000 people (google Raymond Thomas ISIS) by yourself. It's pretty obvious they all deserved to die, from your armchair. I can play stupid word games too, see. Wren looks interesting. It stands out by the lack of use of setjmp/longjmp for error handling. It's probably side effect of being able to return/suspend fiber from any call stack depth. Send something actually useful like a link to "getting started" docs, link to your app, or something like that. Link to email settings management page. Bullet lists instead of long form content. You probably don't have "Hello, visitor..." on your web, so you can just as well drop it from your e-mail. Like" rel="nofollow">https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=whateverurl">Li... on FB Good number of websites put random third party javascript on pages that they shouldn't. My favorite are pages where I'm entering my payment details. Some, upon closer look, even send my payment total and what I bought to GA as extra data with a tracking request. (when I cancel the payment) Some of these tracking solutions even let you see what the user is seeing on the website in real time, including his/her mouse cursor, etc. gcc has __attribute__((cleanup)) extension for this: https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Common-Variable-Attribute... I'm quite happay, my phone number and addresses slowly disappeared from the google/bing/duckduckgo/... searchable internet over the past month. Often times without my involvement. Searches for my real name now vs prior to GDPR enforcement are like day/night. Prior, it was all topped by aggressive (SEO wise) companies who clone public registries and republish them en-masse without adding any value whatsoever. They just use this as a trick to drive people searching for various people's names to their online magazines and whatever. They basically parasite on other people's names to prop up their revenue at those people's expense. Now the searches are actually starting to return relevant things near the top, like my past OSS contributions, etc. For me, this side of GDPR compliance is working fine, and almost all comapnies are pretty good at responding to requests. That is a law working pretty well from the side of the data subject. Top 10 or so results just contained the same info repeated over and over on different websites. Half of the time outdated (old addresses, etc.). Yes, google is lousy sometimes. It was the result of name squatting, as I described earlier. Or if you don't like counting lines: d15gg Delete from the current line to a line with a particular line number you already see on the left if you have line numbering enabled. Writing some vimscript is actually not that bad and opens plenty of possibilities for advanced, context aware code editing. That's also what I thought. All this for 45 minutes of internet when the power goes out, and twice a lifetime 1 day time saving when something crashes hard (like a hard drive) and you need to restore from the backup. It has to be for tinkering. To be fair, mom probably will not be migrating VMs across three different supermicros and managing a ceph cluster to get a wifi connection. I would not discount the possibility completely. But I judge it unlikely. Sounds like they don't really have automation that well set up for fixing up removal mistakes. Not a great sign. A slight irony is that this extension actually removes tracking capability from Google itself in the search. (I suppose only really if you have JS disabled, otherwise they can capture the click event in JS instead of handling links via a special redirect tracker). To the author: Thanks for the extension. I'm a happy user on FF for a long time. Ha! Good to know. Not sure what you see, when landing. Seems like not being able to see forward when landing can invite collisions. Your average grandma will also be annoyed, when she learns that the website doesn't work without javascript, because she doesn't know what JavaScript is so she turned it off along with many other options she didn't understand when she combed through about:config after installing Firefox from source code. This guy is not openly anti U.S. though. So it's not really comparable. He just grown an outward facing (meaning outside of Syria, english language) news/commentary website/following on twitter/youtube from northwest of Syria. He interviews various people, including members of various militias (leaders and non-leaders), civilians, etc. I think he also interviewed some ex-shabaab (Somalia) disillusioned members. He doesn't seem radical. OGN is mildly interesting, as in it shows what some people deal with in the region, how militia leaders present themselves to the outside world, etc. But most of the news content can be obtained from elsewhere too. It was more unique when he was in besieged Eastern Aleppo. Bombing this guy would be like bombing The Young Turks, or whatever. It's ridiculous. He's not even in a war zone. He's in Idlib de-escalation zone. What is this "operating asymetrically"? And how exactly does that justify anything? Seems like I can say US is opperating asymmetrically, so it's ok to kill all US citizens (or at least people who voluntarilly became US citizens). And it will have just as much validity. Like none... > Google Maps is objectively the best product on its market, in many regards positioned light years ahead of its competitors. No. Google maps is an absolute, washed out turd style wise. We have much better local competitor. Compare this: https://www.google.com/maps/@50.081478,14.4272906,13z https://mapy.cz/zakladni?x=14.4068130&y=50.0892746&z=13 You can try various zoom levels, and mapy.cz is always better. Much more detail. Much more contrast. Much more visual information. Tourist version of the maps. I hated using Google maps when traveling in Spain. Sadly they are the recommended way to get public transport info. But I avoid them at all costs. I sometimes print maps when travelling and I can imagine google maps style would be more than useless when printed B/W on a shitty printer, while I could still use mapy.cz maps while low on ink. I could navigate the city with a map printed even at that zoom level, but good luck trying to do that with google maps. That's the single most important point for the map. I didn't consciously try to compare the maps before, but looking at the differences now, google maps seem thoughtless and completely random at what is highlighted, how parts of the city are named (some use names, some numbers, for no reason), what parts are shown and what are not. Re 2.: el.querySelectorAll('abc').map(el => ...)... You may need to copy some methods you'd like to use from Array.prototype to NodeList.prototype though, or use .values() from NodeList everywhere. IE11 supports classList just fine, except for an argument to toggle. Nothing a little DOMTokenList.prototype change can't fix. > The last thing I'd want to see is a codebase going from 40 lines of code to 400 lines, because "hey, we removed jQuery and writing verbose js is the new cool these days" That will only happen if you're incompetent and will not write a few simple helper functions. And probably not even then. Plain DOM API is not that verbose over jQuery. Anyway, just look at what subset of jQuery you use the most and write helpers for that. Your codebase is already grown by 1000s of lines by using jQuery, so you have quite a head start sizewise if you drop jQuery. Also removed in the next version is The Developer Toolbar (accessed with Shift+F2). Another thing I never used or knew existed. :) I don't use hidpi, so I can't really compare your screenshots. :) Mapy.cz just looks better on your screenshot to me (aside from blur caused by rendering a screenshot vs direct software rendering optimized for my LCD). Actually putting the huge label in the middle just wastes space for anyone looking at the map regularly, or for printing. You already know what you're looking at at this zoom level, or can zoom out. Google maps does terrible job by missing labels for half of the city parts. I like this too. I just like white countoured roads/streets I guess. :) Mapy.cz also have offline versions (for the whole europe that is!). Seems like there are several good local competitors to google maps. Google's "satelite view" is really a 3D view. You should compare that with "3D" on mapy.cz, not with aerial imagery. It looks comparable with 3D view on mapy.cz. Yes, my image viewer can set 100% zoom. But my monitor just displays it exactly like if I did open mapy.cz myself on a lowdpi monuitor, and the labels are thus correctly sized and everything just looks very nice, except for a huge canvas with a need for scrolling. More like a tree. https://elixir.bootlin.com/linux/latest/source/include/linux... People should learn to use urls again, to gain back some control. It's super easy to configure overall. But I know how to configure networing under Linux. The only thing I struggled with was AllowedIps concept, because that was the most unfamiliar thing to me. I use WireGuard to give my IPv4 only home computers fixed IPv6 addresses and connectivity via my VPS. It also serves as a sort of overlay network, where my devices despite not having a fixed IP address, are still reachable on a WireGuard network via my VPS. What I meant is not to search for torrents via google, but go to the website specialized for torrent search and search there. It doesn't really matter how you'll find the website's url in the first place, but don't make the search engine your only entry point to the web. Or, you know, you can contribute JSON output to GPG. I mean, opensource and stuff. They just didn't profile before optimizing. That's all. > well shit...there goes the drone industry. You woke up too late and missed plenty of other bombing incidents with small retail drones. Yet the industry is still here.