It sounds like a very dramatic series of events on all accounts. The Guy, Amélie, Kelly, they were all up to weird and bad behaviour. I would say the way she handled things wasn't anywhere near ideal, but that doesn't justify her improper treatment at all. The chair incident is just bizarre. I would say what went wrong here is that the others weren't fired as well - not that she shouldn't have been. That sounds shitty, but I think the most egregious inequality here is that the others got to stay employed. No one did anything right. Unfortunately I think this is just tech for you. I've witnessed so much sexism in this industry, I just don't know what to do anymore (besides ask people to stop it). Indoor (and outdoor) growing is a really fascinating, information-laden, brain-stimulating endeavour. For what it's worth, marijuana growers often learn and share really awesome info that's applicable to all kinds of grows. Loads of neurons firing over there. You can go even faster with some effort! The other day I was frequently hitting well over 50kph, maxing out around 62kph (30-38mph) and I was trying to conserve energy. It's a hell of a lot of fun. I'm not even that fast or fit - any half decent bike will absolutely fly on a good descent. https://www.strava.com/activities/954036327 (Shows top speed recorded by my GPS) I know you've had a heap of responses already, but regarding eating after you get home: Prep something in advance. Make dinner the night before, but double it. The next day after the gym just warm it up, eat, and relax. You'll spend ~10m extra the day before preparing extra and save yourself tons of energy and time the next day. It'll make working out seem a lot less daunting. Try to fit a bunch of these in and eventually you'll have quite a lot more time. Prep food in advance, work out at home, you're saving well over an hour already. I feel your pain regarding wanting to go part time so you have time for what you care about. I have many weeks where things pile up until the weekend, then it's all errands and chores all weekend. Such a drag. You can make it yourself fairly easily I guess: const awaitAll = Promise.all.bind(Promise); async function foo() { var [val1, val2] = await awaitAll([func1, func1]); } It isn't ideal but it's a little cleaner It would be great to see a larger study, but it's interesting nonetheless. Something I thought about fermented foods is that they tend to have more bioavailable nutrients. So, sourdough contains less phytic acid than quick breads, making it so the nutrition in the bread can be digested more easily. Amongst other things. If this is true, that seems like a good enough reason to choose it. Flavor and texture is good enough too, really. The point about individuals discovering what works for them is critical. One of the best things you can do for yourself is just pay attention to your diet and how it makes you feel. Maybe the crappiest white bread is just fine for you. Maybe it's totally not. I believe there aren't many absolute truths about nutrition, so often the onus is on individuals to try and discover these things about themselves. If they did, I would hope people around them recognized that their conflation of neurotoxins in water and largely benign electronics makes very little sense. I think I understand the sentiment, but I don't think the three are the same. And if they had similar results, hypothetically, they would be for entirely different reasons. edit: I'm interested to know more about peoples' concerns about smartphones and other devices emitting harmful radiation. I've never seen anything conclusive at all, but my girlfriend is positive research will eventually reveal something, for example. Very curious if anyone knows more about this. Perhaps I'm totally incorrect. I agree with that to a point. It does count for something for sure, but I think the analogy breaks down pretty quickly from there. I don't want to be pedantic or overly demanding of the statement either though. I just thought, when I read it, that the issues are much more complex than that, and the analogy overly simplifies the matter. I'm a big fan of electronic devices, and a huge believer in them being a medium for addiction and escapism. But I think societies need to look at the root of that issue rather than dismiss any medium for dopamine addiction as harmful (as harmful as lead in your water in this case). That becomes extremely subjective, and maybe not worth pursuing because I admit, I'm not educated on the matter. I simply believe that (based on my experiences) the misuse of electronics will often stem from a lack of stimulation, satisfaction, and/or engagement coming from other aspects in life. There is too much room for this form of addiction in modern life in many parts of the world. If we blame the devices, we fail to blame ourselves for better educating ourselves and striving to develop society in such a way that people feel they have better things to do than escape into a screen. I'm totally open to being called out as clueless or full of it - that's just my take on things. It's a very fascinating conversation, but probably not a great one for the internet. I worry I'll come across as thinking I'm an authority on this stuff or something, when it's quite the opposite. I guess it could be argued that raw food dieters now have access to rich foods like oils, avocados, sprouted legumes and grains, nuts and seeds, etc. That makes the diet far easier than it would have been even 100 years ago, I think. I'm not in favor or opposed to the person you're responding to. Just thinking about how humans eating a raw diet are different from other animals doing so. I agree. The stack exchange is a place I whitelist in my adblocker. They seem to take ads and ad quality seriously, they provided very useful and interesting content, and they employ a pretty excellent team. I don't see the problem. It seems like what you'd hope for from the situation. This reminds me of a trilogy called Remembrance of Earth's Past by Liu Cixin. He creates a sort of analogy in the second novel, saying civilizations in space should be like hunters in a dark forest (The book is called The Dark Forest). He hypothesizes that you should sneak around quietly, looking to kill others, lest you be killed yourself. I won't say more - it's a great read. >Playboy: One of the experts in the field says that for this industry to really flourish, and for it to benefit the consumer, one standard has to prevail. >Jobs: That’s simply untrue. This is a little funny given the walled garden he oversaw the creation of (It seemed like it was intended to improve chances of success by implementing a single standard for an ecosystem), but I'm excluding some context and just poking some fun. Overall it was a good read - he had some excellent foresight about computing and the culture around it. Very cool. That's the key thing here - everything's connected. You can rarely contain pollution well enough that you can say 'yeah let's revisit that in 100 years, it'll be fine'. Often these places that are polluted are really only diluted as the waste moves from one central location to wherever watersheds take it, destroying life as it goes. This is the problem. The tar sands are an ecological disaster! They are not contained. My best guess was that they couldn't get their own car on the necessary schedule (I have the impression you can't just go ahead and buy one and have it inside of a week, but it could just be a stock issue like you suggested), so maybe they were willing to face the consequences of repairing a rental instead of delaying. Perhaps they had a short window of time to work with special people/equipment. Definitely an interesting story. It's just a fleeting term. It'll be Pro until it's not - then you need to buy a new one. Some pros are fine with that. Lots of them can write this stuff off, or request it from their employer. It's not much sweat off their back. A signifiant point of the post is to say that they learned something, and they hope others can learn from it too. Maybe the issue is you didn't read the full article? Isn't it 'Okay Google'? Either way, I do find Alexa rolls off the tongue a little easier. That may be because I have trouble enunciating verbal transitions. Is it really disappointing to get hired at one of these places so many people admire and desire, only to find it's nothing special at all? Or is the problem something else? I've wondered about that. My job isn't spectacular, it's pretty good. I used to want to strive for a spot in a bigger/high impact/significant company like Amazon or Apple for example, but eventually came to realize I'd probably never do anything interesting there, even if I was capable of it. I don't know. I used to feel like I missed the boat and my career would never be as rewarding because of it. These days... Starting to feel like I'm actually doing alright, making the most with what I've got. I stopped pursuing that career direction because I'm geo-locked, so to speak. I can't leave this city. Anyway, sorry you're having a terrible time. I've been there. I hope the situation improves soon. Maybe you should bank everything you can, take time off, then get back to finding work with a fresh mind. Good luck. I don't think the impact was great for me, honestly. And that was 15 years ago. The internet is a different place now - maybe not for the better. I have to agree with maxhallinan. These aren't analogous at all. One time I was riding my bike when nearly the exact same thing happened to me as this woman, only instead of a small child the person was an older man. He, looking for traffic the wrong way on a one-way street, mistakenly thought it was safe to run across the road. I was doing the speed limit (60kph) when I hit him, full force, and sent him tumbling down the hill about 15 feet. It wasn't my fault at all, but that guy was totally wrecked. I was a bit sore, but overall I was fine. Him on the other hand - his body helped break my bike frame (bent one tube, snapped another right from its welds, broke my wheel, ripped cables free), he had nothing to protect his head, and he looked frail to begin with. It was bad. Should I have been charged for that? I don't think so. He did it far too suddenly for me to do much more than hit my brakes. I felt awful about it, but I definitely don't feel responsible for it. If I'd been going the wrong way, he was at a cross walk, or something - something where I should have been more prepared to stop or avoid him - then absolutely. But sometimes pedestrians make really bad calls and road users just aren't at fault. This happens everywhere, not just India. This happens in the United States in the prison system, for example. Haha, you caught that moments before they replaced it with a "we'll be online within 24 hours' message. I find it useful because I don't use github directly, but some of my software's dependencies do. It's a nice heads up, because I probably won't be checking otherwise. > Autopilot used incorrectly can kill people. Sorry, I don't get it. How do you use something incorrectly when by definition you aren't really using it at all? It seems like an oxymoron. Interestingly, this feature is one of the first I recall using on Android maybe 8 years ago. It was very visible and easy to turn on... Not sure why they made it harder to discover. Or have they removed it? They do offer manual route trimming from both ends, too. I've found this useful mostly when I forget to turn off my watch after running. Is this a joke? I just ran it and got something like "macron colo-con letter to underscore macron" And that's... The best I can interpret, it's very muddled. edit: Ah, I see your response to someone else. I'm going to try Allison. edit: Ha! It is Allison! "Shrug". What a time to be alive! It's a marginal difference, but you're not wrong. I don't think it would matter in this instance though. This isn't a sustainable solution to that problem. In Vancouver, rapid gentrification is simply pushing these people around once again anyway. We need long term solutions. Social nets which work to help these people get back on track, prevent people from getting on that track, and soften the blow of hitting rock bottom. I have a strong sense that supporting mental health issues more effectively is at the heart of this. I really appreciate this comment. I was trying to figure out why I wouldn't use native data types and functions, but this makes it clear. In your opinion, where would someone be storing the json such that they'd benefit from a tool like this? The only time I use json outside of pulling it from an API (where I can convert it to a native object) is probably storing it in postgres, where I've already got json querying tools. Oof, I'll chime in here. My helmet has saved me from two head injuries I'm so glad and grateful I didn't have to endure with my skull alone. I suspect I'd have some terrible scars and possibly some concussion damage if I took your advice. > Bloomberg is adding it's own spin to make the leaks more salacious. How is it salacious? Doesn't that imply a sexual undertone to the spin? No, I think you're probably right. Enticing seems well enough aligned. My dictionary doesn't agree but I believe it's used at least colloquially in the way you used it... Ah, such a dream job! I use Strava more than any other app outside of web browsing and messaging. I would jump at the chance if there were remote opportunities. https://about.gitlab.com/roles/engineering/developer If you scroll down about 2/3 of the way, you'll see it. It's not competitive for me at all. I'm right beside Vancouver (Canada) where living costs are about 95% the same as Vancouver, but if I enter that, It says my salary range would be considerably less than I earn now. This seems like a really cool opportunity and I want to apply, but my family can't afford the hit (I'm the only source of income we've got and this place is crazy expensive). Kind of a bummer - it's hard to find jobs doing cool things and also earning decent money. This is all there is to it. Outline clear goals, don't let too much creep in to your to-do list, and accomplish your goals. If stuff tends to creep in, find out why. If you have to, allow room for that - make one of your goals 'handle unexpected tasks'. If possible, defer things to your goals for the following week. If your goals are set by a manager's expectations, talk to them about the unexpected work load. I make a habit of recording unexpected work. It's helpful for avoiding feeling bad if you miss your goals (you can see why you missed it - it's easy to forget otherwise), and it's helpful for anticipating the same work in the future and understanding why you didn't expect it. Goals all the way! Give yourself purpose, keep track, and make sure you've got a manageable work load. I think sarcastic. Psql has great support for json - they were probably taking advantage of it. If you've already got psql set up in your project and have minimal json storage requirements, it can be all you need. You also gain the possibility of retaining some normalization of the data if necessary, which is a lot more complicated if you throw it all in an entirely different database. Oh geez, you're right. It's really the only way I use postgres so I kind of equated the names, but yeah, different tools. What if needing to search and replace in the first place is inefficient? Also, what if that engineer is female? Is he still inefficient? I'm finding these comments hilarious. No true programmer! Saying America was discovered is correct terminology from the colonial perspective hundreds of years ago, but I think today the proper term would be when America was colonized. It had been discovered a long time before then, and it might strike native Americans and others as a eurocentric way of speaking about history. Also what the hell, those little corns are great! I don't care where they came from. I'll add my recommendation here too. You can get going with it over at digital ocean with one of their single click images, whatever you call them, and run it fine for $5-$10 per month. I recommend $10, but I believe it'll still install and run fine for low traffic sites on the cheapest tier. It's also really easy to install yourself. They've done a great job on it all around. If you have a blog, give it a shot. It's not a WordPress replacement if you use tons of plugins but it's great writing software. It's also really easy to theme. I hate to admit it, but I sat in a room with these guys and heard them discuss the Ted Cruz stuff a while back. They spoke incredibly candidly about their intentions and fully acknowledged this was morally questionable. They even offered me work - their cut of the ad spend was huge and there'd be plenty of work for a dev. I think this was before Aggregate IQ was officially a thing... Possibly before they had dedicated developers. I politely declined. They laughed; it was funny to them to have a conscience about this stuff. I said I'm too burnt out from adtech. I'm glad I was, because earlier in my career I might have been more eager to take on responsibility and make more money. When this stuff first surfaced, I knew Aggregate was going to come to light. I know a lot of people who've contributed to their ad buying and I know they have no boundaries. We need regulation for these kinds of people. They were making incredible sums of money for doing this work. You've got a point. I've intentionally distanced myself from these people (At one point they were my clients), but now the distance has only made it so I can't easily expose what they get up to. It might necessary for own sanity though; working with these types of people became a substantial burden for me. No one cares about anything but they payout. It got old fast. I suspect if the potato was encased in ash and mud, floating in average ocean surface temperatures (away from the poles), it would attempt to germinate. Tubers love trying to grow. If it did, it would break apart its case in no time. That's just a hunch I have. Maybe you're right, and the ash or something in a particular clay would inhibit germination. There are so many variables. It's fun to think about - I often wonder how some plants haven't ended up in certain places over the last millions of years. In Vancouver, BC, many business did go out of business when a skytrain line was built through a few communities. It can be devastating. Inevitably you support the company with virtually every transaction. The vendor will pay a fee for using Visa, for example. I believe it's a percentage of the purchase. Jesus, me too. Same keys. Are we able to replace them at all? I keep reading mixed opinions and I'm not sure where the facts are. I found some replacement tutorials but it required buying an entire keyboard's worth of keys, haha. Maybe at this rate I'll need them... Easily the worst keyboard I've had on a laptop. It's pretty awful for a $3000+ CAD investment. I'm with you to a point on AvE - I mostly watch him for kicks. However, the guy's used a lot of tools for a long time. He might actually have the experience and appropriate exposure to know what does and doesn't fail or endure under regular use. But yeah. He says it all with virtually no reserve, haha. Take most of it with a grain of salt. He does seem to know a lot about materials, though. Definitely not a dumb guy. His brain is chooching at around 50% at least Since I've started applying FP (I'm not very strict about it) I've been finding ways to reuse code more which lets me reduce my test footprint and increase the reliability of my code. I've also found it's easier to isolate my business logic without scoping it too strictly to an object or implementation, allowing me to think largely in coding to interfaces or contacts. This is totally doable with strict OO, but honestly I'm pretty lousy at that in practice. So FP has helped me with that too. I lean towards organizing my applications into very dumb objects which are supported by FP-style business logic. At a glance you can infer what's going on quite easily due to the idiomatic use of the objects, but the object orientation mostly ends there. My business logic is organized into isolated modules that are as pure as I can manage without being a nut about it. The objects recruit or are operated on by that logic, so their implementation is very light and clean as a result. Like I mentioned, tests for this kind of code are really nice. They tend to be concise. It's not perfect, but I feel like it's a way FP has greatly improved my code and what I deliver to my team in general. It's an attempt to merge the benefits of two paradigms, I suppose. When he finds you does he squeeze you a bit? That's my son's thing. Waves the arm, makes contact, squeezes and pinches for a while... Then back to sleep. It's nice. Well, why were you on one when you commented here? Sometimes screens are a great distraction. Sometimes they're not. The latter fact doesn't take away from the former - it's just on the user to make good judgements. There doesn't have to be something so fascinating on the screen to justify usage. Maybe it's news, maybe it's an ebook. Maybe it's HN. It's fine if the phone goes away when the kid's done taking a dump. I love this: https://recursive.recipes/recipe/refried-beans?amount=10&tim... Totally absurd, but fun to play with. I do find sometimes it says it'll be cheaper to buy it, but in several cases I'm positive it's not, or the price of the product in store vs from the recipe isn't directly comparable. The example of refried beans is complicated. If you buy a can of refried beans, it won't be as high quality as the recipe provided. The recipe is rich in butter and onions. A can will likely have lard or vegetable oil in it, and very little onion (likely powdered). It also claims it's cheaper to buy the can, but it's because initially the recipe suggests buying cans of beans. If you use dried beans, you're probably spending about the same amount but getting far nicer refried beans. Anyway, it's a fun project, and the things I noticed aren't really problems and are easy enough to negotiate in the interface. I had fun with it. You're right (I didn't realize this): https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/faq#why-would-i... Interesting, but what's to say we won't find older hominid bones in Africa next year? Is it wise to be so certain that Europe was the birthplace of mankind based on a single discovery? Really, the same goes for Africa. Why are we deducing that each oldest bone means _that_ is where humans came from? A fun thing about them (in the PNW at least) is that you can plant piles of them in fall and they will grow with very little assistance (or watering since it rains so much) and you'll have heaps upon heaps of beans in spring. I planted $10 of Windsor beans 2 years ago and ended up drying about 300-400 seeds (far more than $10 worth) and still had too many to eat. Some of my new son's first solid food was a hummus made from those same dried beans (really delicious!). Such a fun plant to grow. Processing the beans is a bit of work, but wow, it's worth it. Unparalleled flavour in the bean kingdom. You also get convention. jQuery didn't offer much of that once you started gluing its functions together... I can usually jump into someone's react code and get what's going on pretty quickly unless they did something really gnarly with incredibly nested props. Even then, at least I still know where to drill down. With jQuery soup, you didn't get that luxury. Being able to have an entire team know how to build components and provide them with functionality is an incredible advantage. I don't love everything about react either, but the ecosystem, somewhat enforced convention, tooling, etc - it's worth it (so far). I love some things about Vue, but it isn't a silver bullet either. Brad seems to be pretty butt hurt about react. If you've worked on a large team without something like react, then worked on one with react, it really shines. It's a major productivity booster. It's not perfect, but it's very good. I agree that the library has great convention. I actually learned quite a bit from that API when I was starting out. The only problem was you could really abuse the usage of the API. I'm realizing now that this isn't a fair comparison. React 'wins' here largely because it has a smaller scope. It's for giving functionality to templates built in the library using a certain approach. jQuery was far more open ended and far less opinionated. That was as much it's strength as it's weakness. It's definitely not a direct comparison. But I do think react is a nice safe tool for larger teams. I think it's actually that the particles are forced to collide at relatively high speed due to the pressure behind the small opening. A mesh could eventually get clogged with minerals or debris, but this approach leaves less room for failure. Basically you're just ripping the fluid into mist with high pressure. Do you think there's a better alternative or are you addressing that lodash is pretty old now? I was doing that for years. I was riding my bike huge distances (400km in a day for example), I followed a solid lifting schedule and managed to reach a 370lb deadlift, and I ran far and relatively fast when I wasn't cycling. I kept that up for years and really loved it. In fact I miss it still. But it didn't keep depression from getting to me. These days I'm in alright shape still, but getting back on that wagon is hard as hell when you feel like trash. I've done it before, I'll do it again, but I think for some of us it unfortunately takes more than exercise. I still also highly recommend exercise as part of any effort against depression. If you're able bodied, chances are it will only be able to help. Rebuilding the autoloader became a normal step in diagnosing issues for me. You never know... These days I deal with npm which in some ways is nicer yet it can still eat afternoons. Haha, fair enough. The other day I was getting this bizarre mismatch of versions of a dependency and I couldn't figure out how it could even matter. Like, who cares if they're two minor versions apart? Neither of them were global so there was no conflict for their parent modules. _That_ is the kind of stuff that kills me about npm. It can be really reeeaally hard to figure out what to do in those situations. Also, package.json is arguably a pretty gnarly way to organize... Well, everything? It's the kitchen sink of configuration, but it's supposed to be for managing packages. But no, you can also configure your packages in there, configure scripts for your application, etc. It's nuts. Even so, both of them are miles ahead of what we had 10 years ago! It's worth checking out Visual studio code. It is a fairly advanced JavaScript IDE in my experience. Using it with TypeScript is amazing if you're willing to put up with the overhead of compiling to JavaScript (though you can run TypeScript without a compile step in the server using node-ts). These tools make JavaScript a lot nicer for me, and actually pretty enjoyable! I've considered this because I love the idea. I just assume I'd start seeing tons of skipped tests, haha. "I'll fix that later". I think the process would include having the team become aware of the situation and improving their editor configuration to stop littering whitespace everywhere. Otherwise I agree, that seems like a waste of time to do in isolation. I'd probably address it more completely if so many files are going to be touched, and whitespace is only one symptom of bad formatting connections. Perhaps everyone should employ the same formatter on save, for example. There is far more value in that. Getting rid of only superfluous whitespace is a bit of a time sink for what you get in return (as much as it drives me nuts). The thing is you can have a simple aesthetic and have it look nice. Not that this looks bad, but I mean, it can suit a product and stay performant, easy to maintain for designers, very little cognitive overhead to work with the design system, etc. Sometimes I feel like people lean on a lush and complex design system to draw eyes and attention away from how thin their product/data/whatever is. Welp, this is boring. Let's slap some lipstick on it. I'm not a python dev, but isn't less dependencies generally better? Or is attrs in Python natively already? Hopefully hockey will change as well. https://www.theplayerstribune.com/en-us/articles/nick-boynto... Every dependency is one more thing that can go wrong in my mind. I always drop them at every opportunity. There are some exceptions. Like I really don't want form building to be in the standard library, and I don't want to write it myself. It is nice when your package manager only takes a short manage to fetch and build though, and you can have more confidence that any mistakes will be your own (under your control) rather than someone else's. I've lived on the strait named after him my entire life and didn't know about him and his controversy. There's also a wonderful hiking trail named after him (mentioned in the article) which is well worth visiting if you're ever on Vancouver Island. It takes most people a couple days, but it's beautiful, not too difficult, and not too busy. So fascinating to think people explored these waters in hopes that it would connect to the Atlantic. Not even close. Probably something to do with being greasy and full of carbon. This was the value I perceived mostly as well. I likely wouldn't use reminders at all. In my experience, if a client isn't on the ball and can't remember or be bothered to send content, I probably don't want to work with them. Making it easy to send the content though, that's great. Keeping it all in one place is even better. This would be great if you could host it at your own domain (or can you already?) so clients just go to your website to do it rather than a totally different service. Just drop a widget into your own web page or something, tell clients to go to yoursite.com/content/clientName where they log in and start viewing. I suppose that would complicate things in other ways, but it would be nice in general to not make a user remember yet another service and url that's totally disparate from your own company. That keyboard was awesome! My new MacBook has lost 3 keys in 1 year. Welcome to the future. I really miss my MacBook air. I really, really miss pivotal. I have to use JIRA these days. The access to information, speed, clarity, and simplicity of pivotal makes JIRA feel borderline masochistic. That's also the fault of my process-obsessed co-workers who, in my opinion, often prize how we do work over actually doing work. Our workflows are hilariously over engineered. Even so, pivotal is great. I'd choose it again in a heartbeat. I like using containers as a reliable build context. I think it makes tons of sense. Once the container's done building, throw it out, take what it built, and serve it. I'd personally do this separately from the rest of the web app if possible, though. I keep frontends in their own repository. Why does half the world think they taste good and the other half thinks they don't? They must be fine... Right? I know it's not a huge deal but touch id is less secure than a good password, so it's not a complete solution. You also can't use touch id in all circumstances... It's actually quite inconsistent in that regard. Where I live I know many people who do both of these things (including myself). But we're surrounded by water and forest! It makes good sense to get out into it. I have a 7mm wetsuit so I can swim year round. Explain? Not to mention all of the professional projects which failed and fell off the radar entirely. It's hard to say what has merits without giving it time. Why I like AJV or similar options is because you get to declare what you expect with a simple schema and it rarely needs to get complicated. It's more overhead than simple functional approaches combined with conditional statements, but I think it's more approachable. Otherwise I find it doesn't leave too much of a margin for error and it's reasonably fast. It's a personal preference, but I prefer it far more than a fluent interface. I actually avoid those now despite really loving them in the past. I suppose some people would argue that 'no known side effects' extends to 'no known effects' as well in this case. Scientific evidence that it does anything at all in humans appears to be non-existent to very weak at best. Is it not 250GB Data Transfer? That would be a lot more than 250MB. Still hard to guess how they would get over that limit. There are so many people with tattoos and bank accounts larger than yours This looks cool. I think it could resolve some of the noise at the company I work for. For example, a lot of #javascript-specific chat happens in the #developers channel, but we have a #javascript channel. This is actually really annoying. I think people would more easily recognize they should put the message into #javascript if they could clearly see the dev -> javascript stream structure. Hopefully anyway. There's no way our company would migrate to Zulip though. > Zulip has modern apps for every major platform, powered by Electron and React Native. I'm not sure the underlying technologies matter to most users. This might not be good marketing, but I don't know. I know someone could have chosen to use this language with reason but figured I'd put it out there just in case. Interfaces are excellent for defining structures in both FP and OOP paradigms in my opinion. They simply describe the shape of data. This is useful in most situations I can think of at compile time. I use ajv's schema-based validation at all entry points to my application (user input from forms, urls, whatever comes back from an API, etc) and find I can very safely assume all data after that point is totally safe, so I'm using TypeScript to ensure _I'm_ not doing anything stupid. Hopefully that makes sense. Runtime type checking would be neat for sure, but I'm mostly worried about the dumb things I'll do. It's not too hard to strictly and cleanly validate foreign data at runtime, but it's historically very easy to shoot yourself in the foot with JavaScript. So I'm very happy. I think it would largely depend on the display technology. I know for some technologies a black pixel uses nearly no energy, but for others, all pixels are equally 'lit' by the same backlight. I loved the idea of the yotaphone and bought the second version (using it to write this) but it's actually the worst phone I've ever owned by a wide margin. The hardware quality is not great and it's stuck on a very old version of Android. The eink display is neat and great for navigation especially, handy for visual notifications on a desk, but otherwise not as useful or as cool as I expected. I kind of regretted buying it. We need a year or so to be sure. It took about that long before my last MBP started getting stuck keys and losing keys. For what it's worth, I type like anyone else does - but I do it a lot. That keyboard was in terrible shape by year 2. I hope the new keyboards are fixed... I have to use one for work (it's issued by my employer). It feels weird to not want a brand new Apple laptop. I was just so disappointed by that keyboard and the touch bar though. Unhealthy office food is the worst. I have a hard time avoiding it. My house has absolutely none of that stuff because I know it's a weakness... Then I go to the office and 'accidentally' eat two granola bars. 400 calories of oats and HFCS later and I'm still hungry. I feel like people want swagger to generate good docs for them, so they jam all the auto-gen annotations and what not into their code base and pump out the default generated docs and more or less leave it at that. And it's awful. The code base swells up with annotations and the docs are permanently neglected. I haven't come across many swagger-based docs that I liked. Having said that, I agree that it's a problem with the user, not the tool. Swagger is fine, you should just put some effort into using it well. Likewise. I've been considering converting my 1998 diesel Mitsubishi Delica to electric, but something fully intended to be electric from the ground up would be much nicer. Also feels weird putting a new electric drivetrain into such an old vehicle, although overall it's still in great shape. I can't imagine buying a sedan or SUV though. The Delica is incredible for so many things - the utility and comfort is unmatched. Plus it has a cool glass roof! I hope to keep that thing running for a long time, and new fancy cars look great but they're functionally lacking in a big way to me. That's what Elon looks like. I liked flash too, but it being owned by Adobe killed it. If it was open, I'd be a lot more sad about it dying. Squabble squabble Agreed. I think that community taught me a lot more than I can even recall about writing good code collaboratively. I was totally floored by 4. What a bizarre regression. 3 was relatively good so I had my hopes pretty high... I literally never used either of them again. If that's the future of the app, let me out. I always thought it was so strange that something as relieving and safe as vomiting makes us feel like the world is ending. That's stunning that (evidently) no one noticed the patents were for a physically impossible design. Was the legal battle even about the designs or more so for posturing? I'm not sure why you're voted down. Mobile Safari has thrown some really bizarre and awful bugs at a few projects I've worked on, and given how critical mobile experiences are these days, it's genuinely a pain in the ass. It's a very nice mobile browser for the most part, but what it gets wrong is enough to make me kind of loathe having to deal with it. I found I stopped hitting walls and levelled out my pace a lot once I started running while fasted. I was doing IF for about two years while running 20-30km once per week or so, and I liked it quite a bit. Eventually I moved in with my girlfriend and her and her son found it too weird that I didn't eat with them - I'd just hang out while they ate the food I made. That's the big barrier with IF. Everyone wants you to eat, so I stopped doing IF consistently. Likewise, I found my energy was slightly lower but it was also very consistent. Like burning hardwood. You don't get explosive power, but you can go steady without hitting walls. In my opinion, and I believe my opinion has largely been informed by relevant experiences (I grew up in a very racist, anti-indigenous community so I feel as though I had to overcome that before I could see this more clearly), the first nations of Canada and native indians of the United States (like other minorities in the same places) have historically been victims of others rather than of themselves. I watched awful things growing up. The extent of bullying, the disillusion of first nations kids from _very_ young ages, the poverty - very little of it was perpetrated by first nations. If it was, I strongly believe you can trace things back to deep wounds put in their culture by non-indigenous folks. As a child I didn't understand much of this, but as I get older it brings me an incredible amount of sadness and disappointment in how insensitive my family and even my peers and colleagues have been towards this situation. A few years ago I learned from a friend surveying in northern Alberta that several bands up there were living without clean water, with overtly depressed children, terrifyingly high suicide rates, traditional territories ruined by development... And that this isn't uncommon across Canada. This is heart breaking. All of this is to say, I think it's important to recognize that many of these people are suffering not because of the internals of their culture and communities, but because of the negative and destructive external inputs from those around them. It is crucial to understand the extent of this in order to move towards eradicating the racism which feeds our countries' complacency with this situation. I hate being political or pushing my opinions on the internet, but this one is too important to me. It really deserves a thoughtful, constructive conversation, at the very least to open others' minds to the realities of what's going on. I find I tend to see a lot of bugs during hatches. You only see one kind, it lasts a few days, and then it's back to normal. Maybe that's what you saw. I love this! It looks dangerous as hell, but they're having a ton of fun experimenting and goofing around. I had no idea you could get so much power so quickly from batteries without something catastrophic happening. Also very fascinating to see how resilient the graphite is under that kind of stress. It's frequently said wrong by the educated and uneducated alike. I love this excerpt of your life. I was pretty young at that point, but had similar experiences (though shorter trips) going up and down BC as a teenager. Instead of techno records I had CDs in a case on my lap. Eventually (after 4 or 5 years) someone was decapitated on a bus and my parents insisted I take a car. Strange times and a much worse ending than yours. I'm sometimes nostalgic for the trees, rocks, lakes, etc. No concerns other than my discman running out of batteries or running out of change for drinks at bus stop vending machines. edit: Remembering now that toward the end I had an iPod mini. That would have been 2008. The problem with the iPod was that you couldn't swap batteries. This was actually the exact reason for me to stop riding, at my parent's insistence. I wasn't worried for my safety, but they were horrified. I don't disagree at all! I just understand why someone might be surprised at seeing the proper usage. Wow, that really does sound incredibly relaxing. Coincidentally, before my first child was born, I was planning to take my bike to Japan and ride/rail around doing much the same. Hopefully one of these days I'll finally get to do it. Your description of it makes me want to even more. Brokers typically have social mobility, and a choice in their type of work. Their sacrifice to make ends meet is incomparable to that of someone selling their body. I'm confused how you can draw a likeness between the two. Perhaps there are moral threads to pull, but I don't think they end up going to the same place. People _really_ need to stop laundering synthetics. The amount of plastic and other material that sheds into our water is stunning. It can harm small organisms at the very least. Things like zooplankton can have their bodily processes interrupted by ingesting the materials. This indicates it can result in death: http://www.ices.dk/news-and-events/symposia/zp6/Pages/Effect... Other studies indicating harm are available, while others have shown mixed results. For example, one where polystyrene microplastics depress and then appear to stimulate growth of algae: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S004565351... It affects people differently so she may be better off than the person in this story, but no doubt it's a real burden to most sufferers. My good friend has it and I've watched him struggle for fifteen years now. There are alright years, terrible ones, and some in between. It's a terrible disease. I have ADHD and hunting and fishing are some of the most engaging things I can think of. Spearfishing can keep me focused for an entire day. I also love working on my equipment and researching hunts. This is all boring to everyone I know. I guess the key thing is that ADHD isn't an inability to engage or focus at all - there's a degree of selection involved. For what it's worth, I never hop out to examine rocks. Some people with ADHD might suffer from impulsive distracted behavior like that, but certainly not all. I came to love climbing as a sport partially because of what you're describing. You could be able to deadlift 450lb, do 10 pull ups with 100lb hanging off of your body, what have you, and still be an awful climber (like I was) despite having so much grip and upper and lower body strength. It's all about technique, and it takes years to nail it down. That feeling of progression is a lot of fun and it isn't linear at all. I love bouldering most because sometimes you can brute force problems, sometimes you absolutely can't - you'll spend a few sessions trying to figure out this one pain in the ass movement or hold, then one day... You've got it, and you don't lose it. It's a ton of fun and I like to think it's actually great for your body and mind. Sometimes it feels a bit like wall-yoga. Likewise in Victoria, BC, Canada. I have no excuse not to eat ethically and sustainably because the options are never more than a short walk or drive away. Not all people have this luxury though. On one hand, I have to make the choice to eat ethically but also spend more money. When I lived up north, options were a lot more scarce, and the average income was a lot lower. The community I lived in heavily relied on the cheapest options available. Remote work was a life changer for me too. The pay is far better, the hours are better (if you keep yourself in check at least), and... Well, I spend a lot more time with my family now, so there's nothing worse to say about it really. In the past I worked for a lot of "performance marketing" companies, but also a few more legitimate companies like Checkfront. Even Checkfront left me feeling deeply unsatisfied despite being an good group of people and decent work. I think there's just something weird going on when companies identify as startups, especially if they're seeking funding. Things deteriorate as they grow, "perks" you mentioned like dogs in the office don't make you feel any better about not seeing your kids after school, and the free coffee tastes like shit anyway. Worst of all though, you're blowing 8-10 hours a day on Canadian pay. If you're in the west like I am, this is a giant fuck you to your bank account. Going remote was an immediate $25k raise with better hours and no commute. Where I live, Whole Foods tends to offer mid to high grade foods (for the middle class person at least). What makes you think it's low quality? I can get live mussels and clams, relatively ethical and fresh beef, good cheeses, decent produce... There are much worse options. Is Whole Foods not always like this? I went to one in California (just North of Monterey as I recall) and it seemed nice enough too. I live in Canada though, so maybe in the rest of the US it's not so great. Speaking as someone with an average vocabulary: Not that I can think of. After a quick look it seems as though it's known that some non-English languages do include singular words for this, but in English it's called "cute aggression", "playful aggression", or similar terms. I agree - I have to keep sweets to a minimum with my 1 year old because he really, really prefers them over normal food for hours or even days after eating them. He also loves very salty foods. He's like any kid really, just smaller (which causes me even more concern about him eating a lot of salt and sugar). Interestingly, Japan still has some stellar products, but they are falling behind as Americans have in many types of manufacturing. It's a shame to watch countries lose touch with the importance of strong domestic manufacturing; particularly when they have a history of excellence. For those of us who appreciate simple little distractions, this is a really fun and easy way to blow away a few minutes. It isn't that easy to build such intuitive but fun mechanics into a game, so it's impressive that a newcomer nailed it so well. Some people tend to require something more engaging or rewarding, and you might fall into that category. Definitely a different strokes thing. This logic appears to presume that women are responsible for changing themselves in order to avoid being mistreated, and that their desire to change their looks is at all intended to draw catcalls, harassment, and unwanted attention. I understand wearing makeup (for example) is an external thing meant for other people to see, but it's reckless and illogical to go down the path of assuming who the makeup is for and why it's worn. It's also unfair to say they should or could have taken steps to change themselves in order to solve a problem unfairly imposed upon them by other people. If a farmer has problems with raccoons eating their crops, would you ever suggest they should simply destroy their crop fields to make the land less appealing to raccoons? This is anecdotal, but I've typically fasted in a similar way (eat between 4-8pm only) for around 5 years. A few years ago I was running 20-30km while fasted without issues. I was running slow (5:30 per kilometer) but I felt pretty good, with steady energy and no weakness or crashing. I took a while to adapt to not eating first, but I'd say it was a matter of a month at most. I personally did (and do) drink a lot of water if I feel hungry. I usually end up hungry the next day if I allow myself to eat past 8 or so - it's always a mistake for me to do that. I allow myself to have tea and coffee, which some people say isn't true fasting because you have to metabolize the things in the tea or coffee. I don't mind. I'm doing this to maintain control over bad eating habits which lead me to be very overweight. I have ADHD and I suppose it comes with poor impulse control in my case - I tend to be very "all or nothing", so fasting works very well for me. I have nothing until I can have it all :) Unfortunately this doesn't work in my experience. The credit card company will absolutely back you if you've been sold bad goods or services, but they seem to need to see evidence that you've already done your due diligence in trying to recover the money yourself. The evidence needs to show that the seller isn't willing to reimburse you. I find email works best for this. The last time I encountered this was with Air Transat. I had to submit my twitter and email correspondence to my Visa provider. I was never issued tickets but I spent nearly $3k on my card, then had to do it AGAIN so I'd get tickets in time for my trip. So I went on my trip missing pretty much all of my spending money, and Transat and Visa were both just playing a waiting game for the entire two weeks. Thankfully my accommodations were paid for in advance and food in Puerto Vallarta is delicious and cheap. I didn't get my money until about 3 months after they took it from me. I've heard Mastercard will do chargebacks with no questions asked, but I've never actually done it. I might have agreed once, but PayPal's UI/UX has been dramatically improving in the last year or so. This visualization reliably crashes my mac. Anyone else having this problem? It happens within ~10 seconds of loading the model. This is so toxic and tiring. It's worth paying for tutorials these days because not only are there thousands out there who want to promote themselves, they want to do so by pretending to be experts. Some are very convincing. If you're a junior or unfamiliar with a technology, you can find yourself reading some of the worst trash out there. I'm fortunate to have enough experience to tell the wheat from the chaff usually, but holy hell there's a lot of sifting to do. I'm currently studying Python for the first time and the amount of garbage writing on the language I find is frustrating. If you've ever handled bugs like scorpions or larger arthropods, they're remarkably similar to crawfish or crabs. They're virtually the same thing. There are aquatic and terrestrial arthropods which are literally the same type of 'bugs'. Whales and deer are not alike in the same way. I did this. I helped build the Air Installer network. I truly regret it. If you look up that name, all you get is people worried that it installed viruses or malware (guess what... it did) and how to remove it. The other results you'll see include the owners trying to sell its virtues. As though it's anything other than a way to exploit unsuspecting internet users for money. I was young and naive, and I didn't think we were using it for malicious purposes. It ended up being worse than I imagined in the end. I left on bad terms and felt like a complete fool. These days I hear adtech companies pay well - I didn't even get that. Just a genuine waste of life and career time. I discourage as many developers as I can from going into adtech. I met the worst types of people in that industry. I think you're absolutely right. I think the fight for living wages will likely be T-boned by the juggernaut of automation. That's why (to me) the conversation about universal basic income is far more constructive and durable than minimum wages. I'm also not convinced the minimum wage debates are as helpful since so many workers don't benefit from it. We certainly need to continue the conversation and ensure workers are paid fairly, but you're right - the more labour costs, the less companies will employ them (to some extent). There is a very short-lived benefit to focusing on raising minimum wages, such that something longer-lasting needs to be considered immediately as well. I think the sigmoid-like adoption will be incredibly pronounced and fast in some industries. I think about this a lot, and when friends justifiably argue and debate for higher minimum wages, I worry that they'll be totally blindsided by the reality that minimum wage is useless when you have no job. I do, but for a significant portion of my life I didn't. I'm also not saying we don't need better minimum wage - not at all. I think nearly everyone should be paid a better wage, and people should absolutely be protected from being paid less than a living wage. I do think a substantial UBI combined with reasonable minimum wage would be a better goal than hair-splitting and squeezing as much as possible out of minimum wage. I'm also concerned that minimum wages are only useful per hour worked, or for employed people in general. It's not as widely beneficial as it should be. That doesn't make your parent comment wrong, though. Another side of this is that there's demand for full stack competency. Even if it isn't perfect comprehensive knowledge, it's enough to get difficult jobs done. I think this person was striving for perfection where it's not really feasible for most people, or even necessary for most jobs. I've tried several times in my career to focus on a skill but because I was able to do many other things, I was asked to by my employer. I rarely say no. My last job was originally supposed to be 'make these products faster' with a focus on the backend, but it turned out the frontend and anything in between the two was as much a part of the problem. Not only did I fix issues on the server, but I re-architected the frontend to a degree, moved all assets to a CDN, significantly improved the js code's tree shaking, code splitting, and lazy loading, tackled minutiae like compressing images better, using a faster and more secure alpine image, and the list goes on. I didn't really want to do that stuff, but I could and it needed to be done. And the reality is that even though I'm not a master of anything I do, no one else at that company had done those things despite having the opportunities (indicating they didn't know how or didn't even know it needed to be done), and the main application I worked on was sped up a ridiculous amount. I remember we had accounts that took an actual honest to dog minute or more to perform an action, and when I was done it did the same thing in a few seconds. It was a game changer. The people I worked with were awesome at what they did, and in a sense I was only standing on their shoulders. But they don't understand the entire stack well enough to connect the dots like I did. So that's where full stackers really shine, I think. Sometimes I think I get too much credit on teams for my contributions because all I do is make sense of things and break it out into tasks that most of the team is already able to do. But I suppose there is real value in bringing the bigger picture together for your team. I suspected bolt invests in them, but I don't see them here: https://bolt.io/portfolio ... Am I mistaken or was it a study of 20 people (two slightly different groups of ten, at that)? I'm deep in that too, right now. My partner badly wanted one last kid, and knowing we were already resource-tight and having no family around, I was very hesitant. Logistically I knew it would be a disaster but I agreed to it. I love the hell out of this kid, but "totally emotionally crushing" is apt. I'm not new to this, but I can only do so much. Working my job, being a stay at home dad, and having to maintain our relationship (plus my relationship with my son and adopted son) is genuinely outside of my ability. But it's what we have to do here. Expensive city, no connections, 3 kids. I know it's stupid to go into it knowing it'll be hard, and I can't complain. I'm not. This is just what it takes, and I went into it knowing it would be temporary. Kids get a lot easier as they get older. A lot of things that are worth it in life take a lot of work. I'll feel better in a few years. At the moment I feel like I'm dying. At any rate, here's to things getting easier. I'm sure our hard work will pay off soon enough. > 1 hr before you have to go to bed and do it all again tomorrow This is very real. Sometimes I sit to do some more work before bed and think wow, I'll finish this... Go to bed... And wake up as early as I can to work some more. Then my son will wake up, and I'll be with him until 6 or so in the evening. While he naps I work more. Rinse and repeat. It's a gauntlet. Things being on pause isn't really a bad thing at all, but it certainly feels bad in the moment. I have two 9 year olds though, and it's true. Eventually they want to read before bed on their own, they want to play on their own during the day, and the pressure is off. There's a lot more time. I also have the luxury that on weekends, during the day my older kids will play with the baby and give me a bit of a break. Sometimes even for an hour or so. It's usually an opportunity to catch up on work, but it's often badly needed and a big relief. Thanks, it's nice to be reminded of these things. I try to remind myself partially to ease my mind, but also to take a moment to appreciate how (perhaps subconsciously) grateful kids really are, as you mention. They do accept us (sometimes to my surprise) and they are loving in return. It's part of the 'glue' at times, holding together the structure amongst the chaos a bit. We all do our part. Kids are good people though, regardless of the daily grind. This is interesting and I hope they find success. I couldn't tell if the data resolution is intended to be better than their posted minimums, but it seems very coarse to me if they're using state of the art multibeam tech. Even so, more information from non-invasive and non-destructive exploration of our oceans is very helpful and welcome. At first I thought they may have intentions of making this data useful for hydrography, but it seems that type of work will remain separate. My partner does hydrographic work for Canada's ENCs (both above and below water), and the sheer scale of their data collection and processing from surveying to QA is just crazy. This project probably can't touch that degree of detail. I believe there are piles of liability involved too (hence the rigorous QA) - if someone sinks their boat using your ENC, it's your problem. > We know the topography of the Moon and Mars in greater detail than that of our own planet. On the surface this might seem strange, but people should understand that charting oceans is seriously demanding work, and they're very, very big. If we could do this more autonomously it would help, but apparently it's not that simple. It involved a lot of people doing both manual and mental labour for a long time. I've witnessed something similar, and I later discovered the person was developing schizophrenia. It seemed like the drugs were setting him on a bad path, but I believe he took them to self medicate in retrospect. I suspect that's fairly common now. He's still very intelligent, but all of his mental resources are wasted on fighting his illness so to speak. To some it might seem like he ruined his brain with drugs but I sincerely doubt the drugs did much damage at all. Should google stadia be a part of this list too? This happens in the ocean, too. There are places around my island which were turned into ecological reserves, and the result for surrounding habitats was incredibly positive. Not only does it help stabilize the ecosystem in the reserve, but it results in overflow for crowded species looking for new habitats, improves feeding opportunities for roaming predators, results in better vegetation growth in the general area, and more. Recreational fishermen still get very upset about it despite how positive it is for fishing in waters that are still open. It seems like a decrease in fishing opportunities, but in reality the reserves function like wells of life for the surrounding ocean to draw upon. I'd love to see even more reserved established. I know it's anecdotal, but I have the most recent MacBook Air and I already get concerning keyboard behaviour like I did with the TouchBar MacBook Pro. I don't have a good feeling about this. Like you, I needed an Apple machine to develop for the App Store. A $2500 computer's keyboard really shouldn't get stuck keys after a month. I'm absolutely crazy about keeping food/drink/any kind of debris away from it after what happened to my MBP (although that wasn't totally preventable anyway). Here's hoping, I guess Location: Victoria, Canada Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: No Technologies: TypeScript/JavaScript, NodeJS, React, Angular, PHP, Symfony 2-4, Slim, Doctrine, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Firebase, Docker, K8s Web: https://steve-adams.me Resume/CV: https://standardresume.co/steveadams LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/steve-adams-b0026426/ Email: steve@steve-adams.me One thing I like about paper and pencil is that I tend to have a better signal to noise ratio in my to-dos and notes. I guess the extra effort to write encourages me to trim the fat. I also can't check my mail from my note pad, so there's that. I worked at a company that used sqlite on a fairly data-intensive app until it had around 2500 paying customers, with something like 600 of those customers being active, heavy users. Scaling and availability started to kneecap our customers left and right so we migrated to postgres. It was a world of difference. When customers had specials and sent piles of traffic to their stores, they'd stay online the whole time. Everyone slept better. As much as I disliked that specific use of sqlite, I learned a ton about how awesome it is and came to really love the software behind it. It was also super impressive that it took the company so far, both in terms of the efforts the devs made and sqlite itself. Part of the appeal of TypeScript is that you could fairly easily migrate a team to it from JavaScript if they're all fairly comfortable and competent with the current JS ecosystem. For most JS devs I've worked with, this wouldn't be true with a language like C# or Kotlin. I'd argue that buying into a more comprehensive language would probably be worth it if everyone was into it, but in my own experience JS devs really, really like JS and have very little interest in learning something better suited to the problem they're solving. This is true outside of software too. People love familiar tools and methods, even if they aren't the best ones. There's also the fact that your team's output will be best based on their enjoyment and engagement. Even if the tooling isn't perfect, they'll probably build better software if they're enjoying it. JS and TS are good enough in most cases to get teams where they need to be. I'm not sure about histamines, but animals accumulate heavy metals in their bones and teeth (including humans). Some lipid-soluble forms of metals will accumulate in fat too, like mercury in tuna or marlin. Unfortunately there's evidence that metals like lead, arsenic, and cadmium are increasingly present in animal feeds. This is especially true in fish feed. Since farmed animals don't typically eat other farmed animals this won't have a biomagnification effect, but it's definitely happening in the wild (hence fish feed made from wild fish being especially contaminated). The bottom line is that if you eat the bones, it'll dramatically increase the possibility of you metabolizing and storing the contaminants in your own body. You'll be fine if you have a bit here and there. I personally believe (with no solid evidence) that this is where pasture-raised animals in most areas will be superior to feedlot livestock from who-knows-where. Heavy metals can be everywhere, but we know that they're increasingly present in feedlots. If the farmer near you has pastures, organic certification, and the cows aren't downstream from a pulp mill or landfill, chances are pretty good that it's worth the extra few dollars per pound. I feel like so many people lamenting jQuery might be remembering the pain and frustration of dealing with the monstrosities people built with the library rather than the library itself. As libraries go I think jQuery's one of the nicer ones I've used. I don't use it now, but it's pretty good software in my books and I'm glad it was there when I needed it. I struggle with this occasionally. My partner is a hydrographer and her job is to create electronic navigation charts for the Western Canadian and Arctic coastline. This involves surveying the waters, studying tides, and generating the charts from all of the data. Sometimes she gets to go for weeks or a month at a time on the surveying boats, or they fly out to check on remote tide stations. The rest of her time is much like ours, just sitting at a desk tapping away at a keyboard or mouse. But 1.5-2 months of her year are booked by her employer to be off surveying. They see whales, go fishing and dive for food in their spare time, visit remote waters in the arctic or BC coast, stay in interesting communities along the coast, and all kinds of neat stuff. Of course it isn't perfect and the ~10 months spent charting is so tedious that it gives me mild discomfort from a distance. I think the value of having quality navigation charts for the ocean is a little known but incredibly important asset to any place in the world though. Vessels travelling safely is the backbone of trade, tourism, fishing, and many kinds of recreation. I suspect there's some satisfaction in that at least. Things like this make me feel very out of touch. I went into Indigo the other day with my kids to use some gift cards from Christmas, with the idea of getting books to take on a short trip. We ended up in what felt like a bizarre home goods, toy store, book store, quasi-junk pile store. There was shit everywhere. My kids needed constant reminders to look for books, not junk. Everything was plastic, cheap, very disposable, and very much intended for conspicuous consumption. Some part of me feels like we've fallen very far if literature, one of the pinnacles of human accomplishments, can only be sold if you can also buy the kind of garbage that's rapidly filling our oceans and landfills as well. There is a bizarre dichotomy between books - the things that can potentially last a lifetime and satisfy countless readers - and the impulsively purchased and remarkably unnecessary items which will be bought and lost or disposed of within a year. I might be overly pessimistic about it. I want my kids to have more wholesome experiences when it comes to the type of media (especially books) they consume. I'll keep taking them to the library the majority of the time, and otherwise, go to local book shops which just sell books. If they still exist. I feel a little bit like Abe Simpson. "I used to be with 'it', but then they changed what 'it' was.". Maybe Indigo is just fine. Anger is such an interesting experience in that (if this study is correct) we tend to actually lose agency while angry, but internally I think we actually believe we have dramatically increased agency in the moment. That's part of what makes anger so dangerous. We're basically at maximum stupid while angry. Do you ever get angry and suddenly feel a loss for words? Difficulty articulating arguments? Resorting to less effective and more hurtful strategies? Regretting it later? Anger, for the most part, is useless in most modern human interactions. I think it's the sort of thing that's good at convincing a brain that horrible acts are justifiable in the moment, such was killing in war or serious altercations. Anger and fear both seem like tools for survival in a world most of us no longer live in. As for the ethical aspect... I've dealt with an ill temper my entire life, although not many people who know me would think so. As a kid I was bullied a lot (both of these are likely direct products of me having ADD), and I used to get in a lot of trouble because my reaction was to let my rage boil over and fight these bullies. The best advice anyone ever gave me (Thanks Mr. McAneny) was that we aren't a tool of our anger, but instead, it's a tool of our creation. We're responsible for what we do with our anger, even if we're not the instigators. Anger typically leads to brutal solutions, both emotionally and physically, and it's so rare that this is necessary or remotely helpful. That really stuck with me. I grew up with so many people telling me to use my anger against the bullies, and I think that reflects our cultural belief (or desire to believe) that our anger is justified, and what we do when we're angry is as well. I believe the truth is that it's almost never the correct response. The adults and peers around me who told me to embrace my anger probably didn't have a good understanding of why they believed that or perpetuated that belief. All that is to say: We should stop believing in our anger so much, and start being responsible for what we do when we're angry. That seems like the most ethical solution. I agree. No emotion or sensation is 'useless', because they all serve to tell us about what's going on inside and around us. I suppose that's the key here. We can listen to anger and fear all day, but we don't have to connect that high-charge wire to whatever machine it's telling us to. It's really important to observe the feelings and not let it get out of control. It's also critical to understand why the feeling came, how it developed, and what it means about ourselves. I think those two parts are often ignored. The same can even be said for attraction which can lead to crazy infatuation, or the desire to relax which can lead to chronically getting nothing done. Mostly these are very positive thoughts and feelings in moderation, so it's also difficult to observe and reconsider in the moment. Fear and anger are very important as well, but the product of both can be devastating when unregulated. This is hard to teach to kids. I have kids, and one of them actually gets angry far too easily - maybe even more than I did as a kid. Trying to explain the idea of being responsible for what his anger leads to feels like a Sisyphean task at times. It's so important to me though to have them understand that ultimately, they decide how they react to what happens to them or around them. And of course the same applies to all those other feelings. People are complicated. > 16MB of RAM would have been laughable in a workstation in 1999 as well For sure - I got my first computer that year. It was a G3 iMac with 64 megs of ram. The salesperson assured me that a mac with 64 megs of ram was like a pc with 128, haha. I chose to believe him because I wanted to believe my purchase was worth it. I guess I was 13 back then, and that thing is still running today. It wasn't a high-end purchase so I assume many computers had more ram than that at the time. It's hard to define "safely" landfilled as well. Many places still leak out toxic leachate into water tables due to a lack of barriers on the landfill. They also severely disrupt large tracts of land. They also vent off tremendous amounts of methane. There isn't much safe about most landfills out there. People thought we couldn't make a dent in the ocean's resources too. My gut tells me there'll always be some sort of catch... I don't disagree, but starting here is still very, very close to the starting line. To me it feels like lazily standing up to begin walking to the starting line, rather than having already left on the race. We're all very far from doing anything remotely meaningful in this endeavour. If I had a project to Show HN and got this much feedback, I would actually be totally stoked. When feedback is mostly positive, you can't tell if people are sugar-coating or flat out lying to you. This stuff is largely very constructive. The main points are: - No one really knows what this is, or what problem it solves - If it's a Make replacement, why not just use Make? - Is this a new syntax or just YML? - The marketing approach seems to miss the mark With that alone they can refine their presentation and message quite a bit. That's quality and honest feedback, even though it might not feel good at first. I love this so much. I'm such a sucker for simple gaming mechanics, and I have some faith that these specific people could make this work. I know devices like this often fail to thrive in the market, but Teenage Engineering has some experience making this sort of single-purpose device work for customers. Panic seems to be very passionate, quality and delivery oriented, and good at doing an exceptional job on familiar products. There might be some potential here. I'd absolutely take my chances on this thing if I could get my hands on one! My kids would love it too. I think you're right that nuclear energy is an excellent solution in many places, but I think it's actually becoming the case that solar and wind are cheaper in the short and long term and much cleaner in the long term. I'd personally like to see all 3 used in conjunction. Nuclear is very stable, but wind and sun are highly variable. Interesting; your meat consumption data seems to contradict what BBC's article on meat consumption in India seems to imply. It makes it out as though Indians are eating a lot of meat. Perhaps it's simply that a lot of Indians do eat meat, but not very much of it (relative to North Americans for example). https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-43581122 The verbage is 'use or promote'. The US Army literally blew up civilians with bombs for years after 2001. I see why they'd be excluded from this rule. And I don't really care to put my opinion forward here. Perhaps other verbage in their TOS excludes entities like the US Army. Perhaps you're just most comfortable with react and vue seeming inferior is only a product of that. Both are great at what they do and allow people to be very productive. I personally like both and don't agree that vue only copies react. I definitely prefer how react manages state and redrawing, but both approaches have merits. As always, pick what suits the problem you need to solve. Absolutely. I was only pointing out the use rather than promotion because there was an 'or' between the two. I can't prove promotion of violence, but I didn't think I needed to. It's mostly interesting to me to consider what the rules actually mean, and why they're there. It's clearly not intended for entities like the US Army, but why? Why leave the TOS so vague on an important topic? I guess it's just a blanket to cover any appearance of condoning terrorism on their platform. I also grew up eating crazy amounts of meat here in Canada. I'm steadily moving towards a vegetarian (though with some fish and other sea life I harvest) diet despite still absolutely loving meat. I just can't justify it anymore. To me (and I know others don't need to feel the same way) it's practically immoral to eat in a way that wouldn't be sustainable if everyone else did. It's incredible to be born in a place and time where I can afford dry aged sirloin, fresh bacon, roast chicken, or smoked duck breast with my meals... But to partake in it is a serious disservice to everyone else in the world, however minute that disservice may seem at the global scale. Having kids robbed me of the selfishness I required to isolate myself from the externalities of my lifestyle. To be honest, some days I wish I still didn't worry about it. Eating lots of soy is not a requirement of a diet without red meat. Cattle can eat grass, but most of them in North America eat very little grass. They eat a lot of grain that is intensively farmed. That feed farming has a significant impact on the environment through regular agriculture practices. By growing food for humans instead, the impact would be reduced simply because not as much crop is needed. Red meat does have a good nutrition profile, but a balanced vegetable focused diet does too. People underestimate how much protein and fat can be had from plants. I'm not sure why you think people won't do this if they stop eating red meat. Why isn't that realistic? I speak as someone who absolutely loves meat and thought much like you do recently. Life without, or with much less meat is fine. I've come to realize I largely eat it out of convenience and comfort. Honestly, I can't. It makes me feel bad for doing that to others and also for what the world might become for my kids. I wish I was kidding. This sort of thing has kept me up at night. I see where you're coming from and I largely agree. In fact if we do go hunting, we will eat meat. Obviously if everyone near me was hunting for meat, the forest would be emptied in no time. But they don't, so the impact is still less than buying beef for example so I think that's acceptable. I also hunt for fish and crustaceans when I dive, which wouldn't be sustainable if everyone else did. I suppose my desire is partially to exit a commercial food system that I know is unsustainable. That system doesn't look like it will become sustainable any time soon, and I don't want to vote for it with my dollars and contribute to the issue with each meal. I also don't necessarily do it to feel good. It feels bad at times, otherwise neutral. It feels like doing too little. There's no warm fuzzy feeling from half measures like this. I wish I could do more, but I struggle to figure out how. I've read all of your comments now and I did miss your position on this. Sorry about that. That's not really fair still because it's about OS fragmentation, not hardware. Whether Google or Apple has full control is beside the point, isn't it? I find it fascinating that at the time, a holistic diet-based solution was considered flakey and rooted in ignorant traditions. And yet here we are almost 200 years later and many common illnesses are still closely related to diet, and many still feel as though treatment through diet is flakey or inferior to modern drugs or surgery. It turns out one of the best things we can do for ourselves is eat well and strive to prevent disease before it occurs. If I recall correctly, this is a core tenant of many traditional medicines including traditional Chinese medicine. I'm not saying we should all start practicing traditional medicine. I just find it fascinating that we have and still often discount traditional knowledge, even after it's been virtually proven for milennia. It's like we throw out the baby with the bathwater. I hope modern science can find more concrete conclusions around health and diet such that more people might have faith in food as a preventative medicine. To many of us it seems obvious, but to much of the world I suspect it isn't... Just like it wasn't in the Japanese Navy. To make matters worse, varying gut biomes and environments tend to yield different nutritional requirements. Amongst other things. I'm not sure we'll ever nail that down. Again though, traditional medicines were aware of this and it was typically recognized that diet was specific to an individual and their environment. There were (and still are) complex systems outlining how foods may affect different people and what it could mean. Still, I'm not claiming anything here other than that it's interesting and worth considering. I take advil when my head hurts and I go to the hospital when I'm sick, and I'm not going to start treating cancer with fungus from my back yard. I just suspect there's a lot of useful knowledge in this tradition. I agree, I love profiling JS in Chrome. I'd switch to FF or Safari in an instant if they compared. Last time I checked, they were both nowhere near as easy or productive to use. The other day I had to shut down a chrome tab that was utilizing 1.5 gigs of ram though. That's crazy. There's definitely no perfect browser. There's not much in this world I find more fascinating than sea life. I spend hours at a time free diving and looking at the same stuff, occasionally something new, and it's endless intrigue. When I find something special it makes my week. Finding species like this in person would totally make my year! So cool. I love stacking terminals in a vertical monitor. I usually keep some code in tall columns as well if the project has longer files. It's great when it suits what you're doing, but I had my doubts like you as well. FRP and MVC seem like different types of patterns to me. Functional reactive is about how you manage state and flow while MVC is largely about separation of concerns. In my (possibly poor) understanding, you could actually use them together. I'm interested in your take on that though. I'm self taught and I've got some weird ideas about things. Huh, that's actually a great way to do type inference. Swift seems like an excellent language. Same, for me it was them and Apollo. I can't find anything about either of them in my mail, but both claim to have notified their customers. That's very suspicious. I don't delete anything... Perhaps it found its way into my spam and got auto-deleted (entirely possible with Apollo, seems very unlikely with MFP). This happened to my mom when she had breast cancer. I wonder if this is a normal progression with that type of cancer? I have no idea why they did it, but they did do an autopsy when she died and her doctor basically said she was riddled with tumours throughout her entire body (she lived 7 years with cancer after diagnosis, who knows how long before). When I saw these images that's immediately what I thought of. It's very unsettling. For what it's worth, we currently externalize those 100s per year into the commons, which is where this tragedy came from. We need to start paying real prices for living instead of building up a debt of damage to the earth. If that means more subsidies to those in need, great. I'll pay more in taxes _and_ inflated living costs if it means the cost of living is more realistic. I'll gladly forgo so many conveniences in life if it means systemic changes which reduce pressure on the planet. The reality is that food, energy, and many other natural resources should cost far more than they do. The primary way they've become more affordable is through externalizing costs and it's been a huge mistake. This entire launch feels like what you've described. Things like these tool tips are absolutely killing me: https://cl.ly/365a42db2db9 It feels rough on the edges. Food science isn't a linear process based on the evolutionary complexity of the organisms we eat. Arguably cows have been impacted by as much evolution as any organism. It's not as though cows spontaneously generated 100M years ago - there were hundreds of millions of years leading up to cows becoming what we recognize today. I imagine it's similar to dry aging beef. With the right temperature and humidity, you support only bacteria that are safe to eat and you end up with a dry protective exterior before long which allows the fish to begin safely fermenting. You can do this with a surprising number of things. The trick is to have the correct initial conditions which prevents the proliferation of counterproductive bacteria. They also dip the fish in a brine to promote the right bacteria and prevent others from taking hold. As for insects, it's likely that it's too cold outside (I think the article mentioned that it's kept outside in cool weather). Once it's done doing the cool weather thing it goes inside. I'm with you. It occurred to me that what I love about things like react or vue has nothing to do with SPA capabilities. It's just developer ease in building reusable, composable, testable components. I've had similar experiences with scaling too early into microservices for example. I need a seriously compelling reason to consider building around these paradigms now. The overhead is unreal. Both great ways to solve a problem, but not really a problem I've yet encountered - ever. I'm still glad I've had great opportunities to learn this, at least. I don't have many suggestions, but I think it's great that you're making an effort to make this work for your coworker. I can tell this would be a challenge. Getting people going with merge requests can be hard even with good vision. Is it possible for this person to do merge requests with another person present, like pair programming? It might seem counterproductive, but more eyes on the code can't hurt and it'll hopefully fill any accessibility gaps until this person finds better tooling to solve this problem. I like this a lot. I think it's on point and worth remembering. The more you let the busyness and stress take hold, the deeper that hole you're digging gets... That's a tough thing. Imagine someone was telling you that you had to change your career because people decided it's no good. What will you do? Put your life on hold and go retrain for something you never intended to train for? Possibly (probably) earn less? Potentially need to move for work? It's complicated. I think it needs to happen. The US and Canada both spend major subsidies on oil and gas, and that money would do wonders in supporting and retraining these works. However, we'd need a very good plan and very good acceptance of it amongst the work force and tax payers. This would all be incredibly expensive. People would resent the retraining because it would cost tax payers to benefit a small subset of people, while less oil production equals higher prices for... Everything. People would be very upset, both workers and citizens. It's going to be so hard to get people on the same page. I hope the disasters that push us to act aren't too awful. It's much the same here in BC, Canada. Mines, forestry, fishing - different resource extraction jobs have fluctuated enormously over the last century and we effectively have ghost towns all over. Some places look absolutely dead and you wonder why anyone lives there. At one point, most of them were booming. The gold rush was probably the original boom, and from there many others stemmed. Forestry is probably the most tragic, long-tailed bust in this province though. I just discovered this, only it was called 'property based testing'. Do you recommend any resources for learning to use it effectively? I haven't dug in yet, but so far it hasn't clicked when thinking about it. I like the idea a lot, but I guess I don't see where it would be most useful for my own code. What are the implications of this? What could go wrong outside of runtime errors? When I've used this pattern in the past I've used a reusable 'getter' object which implements `hasOwnProperty` on itself for the sake of being sure I'm getting only the stuff I want. But it's not quite as concise as what's shown in the example, apart from getting the default internally rather than externally using ||. I didn't do this for security though, I did it for sanity - I don't want to get false positives when accessing, and the prototype has a ton of properties. A wonderful thing about TypeScript is that if you decide you don't like it or need it, you still have recognizable and refactorable JavaScript. On the other hand, if you have a ton of relational data and get excited about the latest nosql DB, you're going to have a hell of a time unravelling that mess. If everyone is using a bidder like this, isn't it essentially like a blind auction? This is anecdotal and people should be extremely cautious if they have RC injuries. Talk to a pro, look into proper exercise progressions, and start with baby steps even if you feel strong enough not to. But: My right shoulder was a piece of trash for over 5 years. I couldn't use my trackpad or mouse some days at work because it became incredibly hot and excruciating. I couldn't throw rocks at the beach, ride my bike as far as I wanted, drive in comfort, you name it. Just standing could be incredibly painful if my shoulder needed rest. You don't know how awesome shoulders are until they stop working. One day I decided to try the exercise route after avoiding it for a very long time. I did because someone shared an anecdote of exercise helping on reddit. I started a pull up progression using elastic straps to assist at first. I did push ups from my knees. I started doing stretches in door ways and on a big inflatable ball. I rolled myself on a lacrosse ball like the cross fitters do. If it fixes them it'll fix anything, right? Within a year I was 'cured'. I was doing pull ups with a 45lb plate strapped to my body and push ups with the same plate resting on my back. I began weight lifting fairly seriously and made it up to a 400lb deadlift by the second year. My shoulder was a limiter in my first year, but once I took up yoga as well it never bothered me again. Now, having said that, this all took a lot of time, energy, and will power. It's not easy and it's not a silver bullet. Your body will strengthen though and you can overcome biomechanical issues by working the system carefully, methodically, consistently, and with good sleep and nutrition. But again, don't jump into it and don't expect it to be easy. My experience was positive in the end, but it's a total dog along the way. If you have the money, find a trainer who understands injuries and recovery. Get on a program and commit. The best thing you can do for your body is use it. But never go too hard, and go as slow as you can handle at first. You can make it so much worse in one little moment of overdoing it. Hopefully someone is motivated by my anecdote because someone sharing theirs on reddit ten years ago really did change my life. It can be hard to imagine for some of us, but sometimes those bottom rung progressions are essential. Injuries can set you so far away from 'barely acceptable' levels of strength that you end up doing wall pushups for weeks before you can consider doing them from your knees. So absolutely, if that's where you're at, it's a pushup exercise. > But I think finding a trainer that understands therapy/recovery and that things need to go slow is..... let me say "difficult". You're totally right, and I think finding that certain someone actually requires a lot of specialized knowledge to know what you're getting into. Failing that, very good references from people with past injuries. There are a lot of people out there who'll tell you they're professionals, but have never opened up a kinesiology text book or worked through a significant injury themselves. Hopefully having someone at all would be better than going it alone, if only for the external motivation... But going slow is paramount, and if they want to make your recovery happen fast, it should probably be a deal breaker. That's a tough one. I think sometimes some of these can be great strategies for relieving your mind from more difficult tasks. For me documenting or writing tests isn't a real mental break, but it sometimes feels like one if I've been hacking away at a tough problem for 4 hours. It isn't complete relief like going for a walk but it can be a better use of your time. I found working in labour jobs the same. Say you're packing sacks of cement up a hill for 2 hours to a lot with bad access, and you're burnt out. You've got another 2 hours of hauling sacks to go, or you could take a break and paint some siding. If you push through the cement job you're going to be really burnt out today and probably tomorrow too, and if you paint the siding, you'll recover a little and feel way better today and tomorrow. Work will still get done though. If the job is urgent and taking a walk isn't really an option, painting the siding is your best bet. We can't manufacture the sand we need (yet). The idea is (in the cases I've researched it) that it supports dwindling populations of the wolves' prey. In some cases it actually makes sense, but not for any good reasons, so to speak. It's a bandaid solution. It's sort of like a top down solution to a regrettable ecological problem. It's like when someone writes some terrible code and you write an external solution to one of the problems their code causes. Only in this case, instead of us doing a full rewrite, we need to leave nature alone and rewrite itself. Our intervening by culling predators is not sustainable because we can't properly calculate the effects and it has damaged predator populations so severely. We also didn't anticipate for example how diseased and disgusting deer would get without proper, natural, regular culling by their predators. So yeah there are 'reasons' for doing it, but none of them are holistically wise choices for their respective ecosystems. What's wrong with the firmware? I still haven't played a switch but I only hear good things. Apparently there's another 'premium' switch console on the way, but it's supposed to come quite a bit later than than the Lite. Maybe it'll cover what you need. It's such a drag how far Strava has fallen. 7 years ago I thought they were a stellar example of how tech can be helpful and innovative in simple but meaningful ways. Now nothing of interest has happened in several years and what has been added almost takes away from what was good in some ways. I think Strava was a passion project for some people working there a decade ago, but I suspect they're long gone and the people there now have much different objectives and leadership. I think I'll delete my account. Does anyone know of an up and coming alternative? This space seems to be loaded with great apps that kinda lost steam and fell into decline. Fishing is such a relief from the world, it really is. I've never fully understood why it of all things had such a powerful draw and effect. As a kid it kept me away from the things that tend to trouble you as a kid. Deep in the woods on a river bank, digging through the stones to see what's hatching, tying knots, whittling while your bobber whirls in an eddy. It's an escape. As an adult I've turned to spearfishing as well. It's an even more immersive escape, loaded with all of its own techniques, tricks, wonders, surprises, and challenges. Getting in the wetsuit is a hassle but no worse than hooking up a boat and getting it in the water. Really, once you spend your first comfortable moments 10-20 meters under water you might wish you never had to come out. I've always thoroughly enjoyed reading about the satisfaction and joy others get from fishing as well. I guess it's a mix of vicarious experience and a sense of belonging or familiarity. As for the unemployment... I don't envy anyone for having time away from work due to not having work. It's the worst, and hard to handle if you have a family when it happens. As a developer I've been incredibly fortunate due to work being so readily available, but 2 brief layoffs are probably the most stressful work related experiences I've had. It just feels terrible. I wish I went fishing when it happened, haha. In my experience, people who grew up under pressure to perform and with frequent external validation of their intelligence tend to humble brag a lot. I wonder if it's simply because they're mirroring what people have done to them. I grew up with something much different and find the bragging repulsive, but perhaps that's an expression of my own insecurity or jealousy to a degree. He routinely critiques them and their executives. He seems very independent to me. I think what might be worth addressing is why the ships need to transport things in the first place. We're always going to need them, but I think we need to be more selective about what we're transporting. It's just too much stuff. How we do that, I have no idea. Everyone is very entitled to their consumption habits in the west. > makes running individual tests much easier (and debugging them) This sort of polish is incredible. I love having it in RubyMine. If I had way more time I'd try to build a VS Code extension to make this work, but I really don't have the time. Little things like this make an IDE worth paying for. I'll second this. I spent roughly 2/3s of my life in a terrible ADD vortex of self loathing, hiding, and genuine depression. My sense of self had diminished to a scary degree towards my thirties because I was convinced I was a broken person but had this job to upkeep, kids to raise, a relationship to maintain. I had given up on understanding what was wrong with me. Then I realized my kid had an attention disorder and decided to research it. I realized I fit the description as well. I discovered this is often passed from parent to child and I had no idea how to navigate this myself or how to help my kid... Who I gave this thing to in the first place. In the short years since I figured this out, talked to professionals about it, and generally started setting myself up for success instead of living moment to moment running from failure... Things have changed such an incredible amount. ADD will never go away, I'll always be like this, but now I have some sort of foundation and understanding to work from. I'm motivated to overcome it so I can help my kid, too. There's no way he can have the experience I did. It's so worth talking to someone. I suspected something was wrong for 10-15 years and never did anything and I seriously regret it. What if I had an extra ten years of being aware of this thing? Would my family be happier? Would I own a home already? Would I be happier and have better self esteem? Probably yes to everything. Don't delay, take care of yourself. Yes, that was poor wording on my part. I'm a heavy user of VS Code and recently RubyMine (JetBrains does a wonderful job on their IDEs), but I'm really excited about this. I wonder mainly about two things. One, how can Panic compete with a free tool like VS Code? Its extensions are stellar, free, and well maintained. The core product is extremely well maintained and constantly improving. Two, if they're competing with products like WebStorm or SublimeText, again... How? I don't doubt that they can do it and that they have a solid plan, and that's exciting. Panic delivers on polish and that alone is very appealing. RubyMine for example is really great in terms of function, but it feels clunky as hell at times. It feels like the beastly Java app that it is. I respect the work JetBrains does on their platform more than enough to pay for it, but there's a ton of room for polish! I'm eagerly waiting to give the beta a test run anyway. The prospect of a new tool to play with is always exciting, and I've never used a tool from Panic that I didn't enjoy. It's a bit of all of those things, but I think the most helpful thing has been awareness. When you make mistakes that creep up over and over, it can be easy to feel hopeless and helpless. Over time it's appealing to want to avoid accountability because trying to be aware and engaged to solve the problem is... Understandably difficult and seemingly impossible. You think of things like, hey I know, I'll plan around this happening again or structure my activities such that it can't occur, but the reality of ADD is that intentions often fail and consistency can be incredibly hard to maintain. You have a good month and resume thinking you're fine. So, pretending things are fine tends to be a common solution that gradually wears at your psyche. Without having a clear answer as to why the hell you keep messing up you figure you're somehow broken or stupid or whatever. You have no excuses. That's hard to face so you try to keep it out of sight and out of mind. I think when people hit this point it becomes very destructive. So, talking to a professional opens you up to this realization that yep, you're really bad at functioning in a certain way. However, now you know why, and you realize you have tools (sometimes) that others don't. You're not at an advantage, but you're not purely damages goods either. You can work with this. You've made it this far despite disadvantages, and if you're sensible, you can maintain this or even begin to make some headway. I began the cliche bullet journal thing, regulating my sleep like crazy, drastically reduced smartphone use, and generally began trying to set myself up for success. It has made a huge difference in practice. Simply understanding myself better has put me more at ease, otherwise. An important parallel I think of in my life and software is setting yourself up for success. I like to try to write code which, even if (when) it really fucks up, the consequence won't be so terrible. I try to set up my days the same way now. Before I just pretended everything was fine until it wasn't, because I had no idea why it wasn't. Unfortunately my life is really hectic at the moment, but armed with an understanding of how I'm likely to totally blow it, I've managed to do an alright job working from home and being a stay at home dad for quite a while now. I'm pretty sure that without understanding my condition it would be looming over me constantly like it did before. Now I'm prepared, I guess. I don't live in hiding from a part of myself and there's a lot less shame. That's a verbose answer but hopefully it makes sense! In a way I'm still making sense of it too, and thinking through it is helpful. That's actually my situation exactly (3 young kids), and a part time role would be ideal. Especially now as I'm transitioning into being a single parent. I'm anticipating this change occurring on the scale of 2 years+ rather than months though, so I don't think it would be an issue for potential employers. I would likely be around for the average stay of an employee in tech. I wasn't aware that's a common arrangement though, so thanks for that. I'll start looking for those opportunities as well, or asking about the opportunity during interviews. This all resonates with me. I appreciate it. I have no illusions of getting rich at all - the work I want to do is not particularly lucrative, especially at lower scales. It does however involve a lot of disciplines I'm passionate about, produces a product I'm passionate about, and would likely keep me engaged or even engrossed for a very long time. It would also be positive for my community. What I do now is not these things. I agree especially that you really don't need that much to get by. I've been a main or sole provider to a family for a while though so it's hard to shake the urge to earn more. I find that attitude very toxic at times though... Money hasn't done much to improve my life in meaningful ways for a long time now. Over time I think I'll adjust to earning less just fine, so long as everything and everyone is taken care of. Thanks very much for the input. Good point. I can see running a business being difficult when reflecting on an easy salary behind a desk... I am a huge fan of Hakai Institute. I've read of so many rat infestations on islands around the world, but never realized they were happening so close to home. It's fascinating that rats, despite being so tenacious and versatile, never made it to some islands that seem so close to others which have always harboured rats. I guess they don't like the ocean. If you enjoyed this, they have many other stories (typically to do with the Canadian West Coast's ecology) that are well worth reading. I'd personally not apply if you were trying to offer less than half. I think bean counting at that point is a little excessive, especially given how much more productive your part time hours should be on average. In the past when I've contracted and had more or less part time arrangements, I've always felt far more capable, productive, and engaged. Definitely offer half of the compensation. I've come to believe the interactions mostly feel genuine to others (and the intent, need, and desire for positive communication and interaction truly is genuine), and sure there are slip ups but that's typical for most people... I worry much less about that performance as I age. What I struggle with now is the implications to others who I have more intimate relationships with. Having such a cerebral social presence and experience, even if you are very kind in intention and action, causes people close to you to feel as though perhaps it isn't genuine or done with any feeling. It makes you seem less emotionally invested, less attached, etc. At least that's been my experience. I haven't found a way to break through that and have lost relationships over it. But you probably are smart enough to socialize just fine – I think the harder thing to crack is how far that can extend into your closer relationships. > Historically, 10-30% of mercury was lost in the mining process, resulting in widespread contamination of river and lake sediments That is a LOT! That explains the frequency of red areas on the map. What a shame. Here in BC it's a similar story with the ocean and dioxins from industrial effluents. You can't harvest shellfish around most of southern Vancouver Island. It seems like everyone has a story of poisoning their own food and water. Ah, okay then. Coincidentally I clicked around and mostly saw mercury and a couple seleniums, so it seemed like mercury was the biggest issue. I wonder what the others are caused by... I'm guessing industrial effluents. I would argue this actually is popular - I've come across it on most projects I've been contracted to work on. Clients often defend their choice, saying react/vue/angular/webpack prevents them from 'just getting things done'. It's funny because they worry they're in the dark ages, but in reality many young and old projects alike are still using this approach. As for being cool, my opinion is that shipping stuff is cool, and if your project is maintainable that's very cool no matter how you do it. I've always felt very child-focused by that point and working becomes more difficult. I've moved towards moving my work schedule around my kids rather than the other way around because I get very unhappy prioritizing work first. So, without enough time with my kids, my abilities as a programmer absolutely plummet. I wake up early and work, spend time with my toddler, then finish work while he naps and when his mom is home. In my limited experience with Hg, I thought it had a well designed, human-friendly interface. After a decade with git, I still feel like it's an ugly, awkward tool that just gets the job done and I still occasionally make weird mistakes with it. I'm not sure that's the case with other tools I've been using this long. Git has a pretty gross interface, such that people have struggled to make it nicer to use with GUIs for as long as I can remember. I also feel as though every junior developer has panic inducing moments with git where they think they've lost work or something terrifying like that. It's like a hazing ritual in programming. Wait for git to give you a heart attack. If you survive, you're one of us. Hg didn't really give me that impression at all and I was excited to begin using it more, but like with most technologies I want to adopt, work and family won and I stuck with git at work and otherwise had no time to use Hg more. It seems like git won largely because it has the right buy-in from the right people. The Alaskan fishery is much like the fishery south of it in BC, where 'sustainable' is a bit of a joke - I think that term is based on taking a 'sustainable' number of the estimated population returning to spawn in rivers. Alaskan rivers are doing better than BC's, but returns are dwindling and both governments are consistently shifting baselines on a yearly basis. Every year quotas are smaller, but so are the populations. This is something I follow constantly and the numbers are actually terrifying. Some rivers have okay returns of some species of salmon, but some like sockeye are at incredibly low numbers. They are by some measures on the brink of extinction, and many spawning runs are extinct already. In BC, sockeye returns are currently being tracked daily and the result so far is that less are returning than ever before, and the amount returning is far less than the department of fisheries and oceans' lowest estimates. It's an emergency in my opinion. People shouldn't be eating sockeye. I'm not sure about sardines and anchovies. I know herring have been seriously overfished, so I have doubts that anything we fish is sustainable at the moment. I hope it is. Fish farming is a spooky rabbit hole to look into. All kinds of species, from saltwater to fresh, crustacean to finish, are fed fish that were caught in the wild, fed piles of antibiotics (this part gets really concerning, the implications for water sources connected to the farms are terrible), and all kinds of manual systems for removing polluting farm waste are employed where the pollution simply moves from farm to surrounding ecosystems. There are better systems that are more sustainable, but my understanding is that most tilapia (for example) you'll find in a freezer at your grocery store is probably produced this way. It's really gross. Farmed shrimp and prawns are another one to stay far away from - they're labelled sustainable, but the farming practices are absurd. I don't trust any sustainability labels, anywhere. Another one is Atlantic salmon farmed in the Pacific Ocean. That stuff is so gnarly. There's a reason British Columbia is shutting down a lot of these farms (and reviewing the remaining farms in 2022). It's bad for the environment, the product is not healthy, and it's incredibly inefficient. Yet somehow this product was labelled the smart choice for years. I know there's certification, but if you look for BC's department of fisheries and oceans' minutes on the sockeye return, it's dire. As I mentioned, it's well below their lowest estimates. Their lowest estimates for this year are even lower than previous years. I've been following this for 7 or 8 years, and while there are years where the return is better than previous years... It's still not a good return historically speaking. The sockeye are disappearing. This year it's not clear why numbers are so low, but a sound guess would be that the generation spawning this year's returners were largely impacted by pre-spawn mortalities. Numbers look good going into the river, but they end up dying before they can spawn. Research into this phenomenon isn't well-funded, but it's a known problem. Every now and then there are bumps in the size of the return (typically every 4 years, which is why the 4 year average is more meaningful to determine population health), but with salmon it isn't a very strong indicator of anything other than that spawning was more successful than usual or disease and predation were reduced while the salmon were maturing in the ocean. It has very little long-term bearing on population growth or stability, unfortunately. I'm not sure but I suspect a couple years ago was probably a normal, predictable spike. People get excited about it nonetheless. Another thing to consider is that what we call a glut of sockeye these days is still a paltry return compared to what was once possible. 100 years ago, before a certain landslide occurred in one of BC's major rivers, our largest returns were estimated to be almost 40,000,000 fish. This year, we're seeing around 600,000 fish. We were expecting 4,800,000. It's true, it's maybe a poor comparison to make. I guess you could compare it to the late 80s - we had a significant collapse across all salmon populations and it's not even clear why yet. There hasn't been a stable recovery since then, and overall the downward trend is continuing. Something fascinating about this is if you look up the conservation status of the pacific sockeye salmon, it's Least Concern. There certainly are some populations in some rivers that are doing better than others, but the overall trend is a steady downward pattern. I have to try this with the kids. I wonder, if you aerated the water slightly and protected it a bit from things like heatwaves, would you see more life? Would the little crab have lived longer? Or would the higher life capacity due to increased oxygen also lead to more ammonia spikes that aeration alone wouldn't help the ecosystem process. I guess it's something to experiment with. That's incredibly sad. I suppose she knew it was a possibility but that likely takes nothing away from how tragic it must be for her friends and family. I believe the title should contain 'Jessi', not 'Jesse'. I noticed in a past news post on her website that she mentions almost dying in a previous record attempt, and facing the reality of her mortality before setting a new record immediately after her friend and mentor died from cancer. So evidently she was very aware that this was a possible end game for her. I admire that she had such an intense passion. https://www.jessicombs.com/single-post/2018/10/04/New-Top-Sp... I thought my memories of seeing in the water were false. I used to swim in deep crevasses in the river by my home and look for glimpses of trout and steelhead. I could dive down and get crayfish after spotting them from fairly high up. I remember needing to equalize many times and my body would lose buoyancy. Sometimes I'd lay on the sand or rocks and those are my most vivid memories of seeing under water. The algae on the rocks would be swaying, sunlight refracting all over, and the sound was nothing but a gentle, deep, soothing vibration of the water tumbling over stones. I recall my vision being far from perfect past 6 or 7 feet, but still pretty usable. These days I need a low volume mask and contacts if I want to see anything in the water. It's very barebones, but throwing jrnl ( https://jrnl.sh ) into a dropbox/[insert synced directory] works well and is very minimal. Encryption is supported. It's also easy to maintain multiple journals, like one for work, one for your personal life, one per project, etc. Thanks for your work on todoist. I've used it religiously for almost 2 years and I can't imagine using something else now. There are a lot of softwares out there where I use more than one (IDEs, browsers, music players, operating systems), but nothing compares to todoist for me. Surprisingly (I thought anyway) WL was one of very few which support shared lists effectively. I bought Things for mac for myself and my partner at the time and was blown away when I discovered a $60 CAD To Do list app couldn't share a list. WL ended up being the best option by a long shot. These days I use Todoist which can also share lists nicely. The other comment is true, but also worth considering is that sunflower oil has a lower smoke point than the fats in butter (230°C vs 250°C) so you'd actually be lowering the smoke point by adding it. I recently got up to speed with a rails app remarkably quickly and I agree with all of these points. I found testing wasn't really a joy, but it was less painful than any experience I've had in the python or PHP world. Mailer previews are actually very cool, too. It's not a game changer but I liked having it and it came in handy. ActiveRecord was also surprisingly slick. I'd previously mostly used Doctrine and over the years I've mostly come to dislike it. AR was fine though and had some features I liked quite a bit. Scopes are really neat. Like any ORM though there are plenty of double edged swords all over. I'm actually keen to work with Ruby more since working on that project. Rails is really nice, even if it's a lot different from how I'm used to working. It felt very productive. If you just use TS without really understanding how it can help you and your particular problems you're solving, it can be more of a burden to refactoring than a saviour. Type systems are not a panacea for refactoring difficulties. This strikes me as a sort of "Uber? I could build that over a weekend" kind of comment. 27k does sound like a lot, but your figures seem arbitrary if you've never looked at their internal software, operations, what's being developed that we don't know about, etc. I agree that TypeScript is great, but I've seen it used to establish its own kind of technical debt is what I'm trying to say. If you establish types for your poorly designed application it will only entrench bad design deeper. So, throwing a type system at that problem isn't actually helpful at all in cases like that. I agree though that using TS and not worrying about actually defining types can be great. I do think you can run into sort of wandering inference bugs or cases where other peoples' types can be poorly defined, but that's a rare problem in my experience and well worth the benefits you get otherwise. Anyway, I'm definitely not trashing TypeScript or suggesting no one should use it or anything. I almost always start new projects with it. Yes, so many years with the pains unravelling as you learn to cope with that loss. Children are great at handling traumatic events, but it doesn't mean it's any less traumatic. That poor kid is probably going to struggle with this for a long time. As a remote worker I find myself isolated a lot, mostly spending time with my kids. Although I love them, that on its own can be tough. My partner recently left me though and the isolation has become particularly awful. I lost a job over it which was unprecedented and a major blow to my ego. I've gotten past the initial shock, but the damage it did is still evident in my life. I guess I'm okay, but I don't feel okay. I'm alone. I have a lot of friends but it feels as though I've been isolated too long to really leverage those friendships. I made major changes in my life for her, many at my expense and her benefit. In retrospect I was unwittingly setting her up to leave comfortably. If our roles were reversed people would think I did something absolutely heinous to her by leaving like that. I don't think anyone really cares what position this puts me in. I'm fortunate in that I found a small amount of work serendipitously, but it's nowhere near enough. I put a lot of time, consideration, and effort into finding the job I lost as it fit the way my life is at the moment (staying home, caring for a 2, 9, and 10 year old). I don't think I'm going to stumble into that again. The job search has been soul crushing. So many jobs I can do, so few with a schedule I can fit into. On the bright side I went for a dive a couple weeks ago and swam with some harbour seals, a really big salmon shark, and saw some otters. I speared some fish and brought them home to my kids and made fish tacos. That was really fun. We're going to blast off a huge rocket we built this weekend. There's plenty to feel okay about. That's an incredibly hard event to process at 5. Someone close to me lost her dad at 6 in a similar way (major injury, passed away shortly after), and I've helped her process that in conversations over the years. It's still hard to grasp what that experience would be like. I can see the pain it inflicts, the questions it triggers, but I suppose I'm fortunate enough that I don't fully comprehend it. Losing parents is so hard, and hard enough as an adult when it's easier to process and you may even feel secure in your independence. I'm glad you feel free now. You're not wrong. Most of the fresh faces I've worked with have been eager to just make it to their first real project, whatever that takes. Asking questions can get in the way of what leadership will see as progress, and they might not be aware of which questions to ask yet (because they haven't screwed up enough yet, haha). There are plenty of fresh-faced college grads with good sense to ask those questions though, and I've worked with them. The problem can also be management who hears a good idea, finds out it'll take longer in the short term, and says no - let's move fast and break things or whatever motto you're familiar with. You can have good foresight and know your team needs proper scaffolding to scale but never get the green light to get it built if the people managing you don't see the value in it. Having worked full stack for so long, sometimes things like this seem way over the top and I don't really get it. Why not have control over your language? Why not have control over deployment, VCS, servers, etc? I think I understand now that this isn't for me, but could have been once. At one point in your career, you know little or none of this stuff. Something like this would have been very empowering for me while I figured it all out I bet. I like to see technologies empowering people to do more, so I'm looking forward to seeing what people build with this. It looks pretty cool so far. I would be afraid of hitting limitations and being locked in. That would be a major drag. One thing that crossed my mind while walking since my last comment is that this could be great when you work on a team with some junior developers. Like you say, they need to learn all the acronyms and concepts between them, but they're working in an ecosystem with guard rails and mentors who (assuming they're experienced with Dark) can easily keep them on track and help them solve common problems. Hopefully there would be less edge cases and rabbit holes to die in. At the same time, I value all those scary holes I ventured into as a junior dev, the problem solving skills it helped develop, and the independence it instilled. It's hard to say, I think this is a cool idea but I'm biased to prefer my own methods I guess. I can't imagine working in such a closed ecosystem these days. That's how it is. I worked with Pixel Union, an agency which serves Shopify customers pretty much exclusively. They built British Columbia's online cannabis store on Shopify. They built countless online shoe stores for notable brands. Sunglasses, women's fashion, men's fashion, watches, rental services. None of them look like they have anything to do with Shopify. That's unfair. Engineers don't always get to exercise their skills or best practices if their CTO gets in the way. Or if other external obstacles block the CTO. I've worked with very talented people who are totally wasted because the company just doesn't care to get the tech right when it comes down to making that investment. Autonomy to get things right when it's the right call is sort of a rarity and a real luxury in my experience. I've built a ton of things I knew could have been built better if the rest of the company saw the value in doing so. When given the option to do your job as asked or quit because you don't have your way, I'd rather just do my job and wait for opportunities to improve things if they present themselves. https://bossasaservice.life/ comes to mind. I used this and really liked it while remotely contracting, but it wasn't as helpful for me while working on a team in an office. I find accountability is easier when I'm in more of a leadership role and I have a team to support. With remote contracting though, ugh. So many small tasks come up, unclear direction, often very few people to work with, plenty of isolation. The person or people you're helping often don't know how to manage projects, but the impermanence of the project makes it unappealing to step in. Accountability gets difficult at times. Things like this can be helpful... It kind of became a game for me to stay on track and work with the 'boss'. This is super cool. I built a small CLI tool with Nim back in 2017, and it was a joy. It ended up being very accessible to the rest of the team for further development (probably more credit due to the folks building Nim than to my design) and I believe it's still in use. It's a good language, and it was a nice break from JavaScript (which I also enjoy, but not so much for CLI tools). If you haven't tried it out yet, I highly recommend it. > faster python that prevents typos This was sort of my use-case and experience as well. I also find it can do what I needed JavaScript-based CLI tools to do with less dependencies/ecosystem bloat, and the resulting code is a lot nicer to work with. People have told me that's because I was using JS wrong, but I felt like Nim was such a huge step up for my use cases. It's also just a pleasure to learn something new occasionally. I once helped a girlfriend move and while going through her stuff to organize it, found 3 different scientific calculators that all cost over $100 that she had no intention of keeping. She wasn't an idiot, she acquired them over years of post secondary education and has several degrees - I think people just don't give a damn about them once they're done with them. They disappear into drawers, then another is needed for another course, so they go get another. Then one day they move, realize they have 3, and promptly forget an hour later after stuffing them into an odds and ends box that'll sit in a closet for another 5 or 10 years. I think it could be because personal space is decreasing in many populated areas. Cars are becoming that for many. Even wealthy people in US cities may share space closely with their families, and the option to go for a drive and enjoy a movie night be a real joy. Yes,they're a blend of synthetics including plastics. I wonder if he struggles with these underlying things not because of the money but because of his own grappling with his success and identity. The money makes these things louder because he 'made it' yet nothing is better. I grew up on the 'stupid list' too (I was the only kid who made it on there one year), and like him, I suffer from ADHD. Growing up as the idiot does serious damage, and it drives you to succeed like no other sometimes. The trouble is you can convince others that you're capable, you can be admired for how far you've ascended from the stupid list, but at the end of the day you're still wired to feel like nothing is ever enough. You're still the kid on the list. No girlfriend or boyfriend fixes that. No amount of money fixes that. I hope that's not the case - I hope he finds something to do that brings him a lot of joy. Apart from the money though, all of this seems fairly relatable to me. I don't think external validation is the answer to these kinds of feelings. Neat, I've been following Tiny and Meteor for years and I didn't see this coming at all. My first (and one of very few) blog post was about Meteor [1]. It got a stunning number of visits (by my standards) and at the time I thought Meteor was going to have major traction if I was seeing so much traffic. In retrospect it was probably more so that I was one of few people who wrote about customizing authentication at the time, and it was something I had to do on most projects I built in Meteor. I'm guessing others did too. I very quickly lost interest in Meteor because it seemed so efficient for very basic applications, but ridiculously inefficient for heavily custom logical and ux flows. That's usually what I needed to build. I've come to dislike intimately learning my frameworks' guts - it suggests to me they could be too complex, and there's too much potential for technical debt from working around things. I think it's important to know how your framework works, but... There are limitations to how deeply I want to know these things. I'm curious to see where this goes, anyway. I feel like I should give Meteor another chance soon. 1. http://steve-adams.me/practical-examples-of-authentication-i... I'm not sure about the resume part. My experience refactoring legacy stuff into more modern stuff is actually a big talking point for my resume in my experience. People are always interested in why I did it, how I did it, why didn't I just build anew, etc. Maybe that's because most jobs I apply for tend to have at least one 'legacy' system laying around that needs some help. But this is somewhat common outside of the startup scene. Legacy in this case means an app that's maybe 7-10 years old, often written like everything happened on the back of a napkin. Sprawling, inconsistent, monolithic stuff. But not true legacy where it's written in Fortran or something in the 1500s. At any rate, I think it's worth having refactors on your resume. I know I'd be interested in people who have done it - it's always such an educational experience. Checkfront, a booking management system, got by on sqlite up until maybe 2 years ago - it was the solution for 5 or more years! These days it runs on postgres but it went very far without it. One of my favorites was in Final Fantasy VI. If you cast vanish on an enemy (especially Gabbldegak) then use Relm to sketch the vanished enemy, a number of things would happen. Sometimes General Leo would join your team, your stats would get pumped massively, and you'd own something like 99 of hundreds of items. Unfortunately, a bunch of graphics could look wrong and your game could spontaneously freeze, or your game state would be erased entirely. This bug actually played a role in me becoming interested in programming! https://finalfantasy.fandom.com/wiki/Sketch_bug Likewise, and the timing couldn't be better for me. This is a very exciting discovery. How would you get cars up to the roads 20m above the ground? How would you handle maintenance of buildings connected to suspended roads? Are there seismic safeguards for structures like this? All real questions, I'm fascinated by this idea but clueless as to how it could be implemented. I just took on a project that uses micro service style architecture (8 services total) and runs on AWS, has no customers, and costs more per month than I've seen very high revenue projects spend in over 6 months for hosting. I can't imagine how bad it would be with older projects with more cruft. They're incredibly helpful and nice in my experience. It's really not an issue. I'm similar. Without intense exercise, my brain is at high revs all day and I can't keep it under control to fall asleep. I need to knock myself out with exhaustion. I used to run 50km per week or so and still feel like I could use more. Restless legs, active mind, fidgeting, etc. These days I'm running much less, but I'm lost without it. I was laid off around 7 years ago. It was a massive hit to my self esteem and confidence and I actually considered leaving tech and going back to wood working (I used to build furniture). I managed to bounce back somewhat accidentally. A guy needed help with a Wordpress store he used to sell his woodworking products, so I did some stuff for him. He was so happy with what I did, he ended up telling other people. They got a hold of me about some work, then other people, and other people... and suddenly I was building bespoke applications on long term contracts making 3-4x as much as I was before I was laid off. It was stressful because I didn't have the experience to suddenly run my own business, and I was bad at it. I did an okay job writing code, my customers were happy with that, but I'd invoice a month late, I'd forget to track time and inevitably bill too little because I couldn't bring myself to charge what I knew it was worth, I was a bad communicator at times, terrible at estimating time in certain conditions, etc. That was a huge help in building the self awareness I needed to move forward in my career. Still working on that, and still super grateful for that layoff in retrospect. Absolutely. The last step can be surprisingly hard and requires a good skill set in dealing with people. Sometimes I go into water around 2°C in a 7mm wetsuit, and when water seeps in it sends a jolt through my body. In summer I can stay in the water pretty much indefinitely (It's anywhere from 10 to 15°C, but in late winter it's usually limited to 45-60 minutes tops. 30 minutes is roughly when my hands and feet stop working. I don't know how people in norther climates swim in even colder water with no suit. I remember reading as a child about a man from China who bathed himself daily, even through winter, in cold water from a nearby stream. He'd carry a few buckets to his washing area indoors, sit in it, and clean himself. He thought it was wasteful to heat the water in winter, but it was well below 0°C. I'm a soft, weak, comfortable person. I know what you mean, and that can be frustrating in some situations. However, it is possible to hold your evidence over a person's feelings unnecessarily. People can be irrational at times, and knowingly so, but still want to be understood, and perhaps more so, valued enough that their irrationality is trumped by being important enough to another person. I think NVC is a useful tool but you need to be able to go outside the bounds of the framework it provides at times. If someone is screaming and wailing because their mother died, you would never tell them their reaction is unwarranted because all humans die eventually and 91.3% of humans have a less exaggerated response to this news. Oh, and you and your mother didn't get along very well. There are so many variations of this example, some less exaggerated, but there needs to be wiggle room for emotional expression and responses to events and experiences in life. I'm awful at it, warranted, but most people I've known really need this at times - if not at most times. Some things I wonder about: - You've done better at other companies – so why were you hired in the position you have now? Aren't you overqualified? - The evidence you provide for him being terrible isn't totally sound (The team is a mess, lots of silos, morale is low, difficulty in meeting commitments); could there be other factors here? Perhaps he's overloaded by his superiors? - Is the company successful despite his shortcomings? Does his team succeed more than it fails? - What makes you sure you've done better? I think close to half of the devs (or more) that I've worked with have had issues with their team leads and thought they could do better. It's never that simple. For example, I was with a company once and the CTO was really struggling to manage individual wants and needs, began offloading sprint management to new team leads, and everyone thought he was really shitting the bed. It turned out he was working with some security auditors to get many of our systems vetted and ready for some high profile customers who had very strict, extensive requirements. The customers were bringing millions into our company and the CTO was making it happen, and everyone just assumed he was totally blowing it (rather than just wanting to help the guy out). He was also working on making us GDPR compliant at the time. What's your tech lead struggling with exactly? It could be legitimate. My Garmin watch has been excellent for 5 years now. It records runs accurately, stays out of the way, and holds a charge for several hours of running. It didn't cost much more than a Fitbit, but it connects with a chest band, records steps well, reminds me to move around, etc. I guess the only disadvantage is that it's kind of ugly. Sometimes I worry that this is because people need to feel emotions, and anger is easy to feed in modern society. It's gratifying for all the wrong reasons. We should be feeding ourselves with other emotions, but anger is cheap, practically free, and requires no intimacy with another person. It makes people feel purpose, a need to resolve something, intense focus. It's a little upsetting to think about, but I'm not sure if I'm framing it differently than it really is. Maybe people have always loved to get pissed off and it's not a product of increasing social isolation causing an increasing need to feel something. This is something I find profound about psilocybin in my own experience. The kinds of revelations you might have, the conclusions you come to, the discoveries - they're all relevant when you're back to a regular state of mind. If it helps you find ways to meditate, or simply discover that you can meditate, or that the benefits of meditating matter to you, that could help your practice immensely. I'm not saying it's for everyone (it's definitely not), but if you can find ways to leverage it I really believe it can be a helpful tool for growth, healing, and what the hell, just having fun. It's exceptionally hard to start when the end results (i.e. other more experienced people) are so graceful or impressive. It makes the beginning seem like such a farce. Like going to the gym and deadlifting an empty bar beside someone pulling 5 or 6 hundred pounds off the floor. But yeah, you have to start somewhere. Yeah, what's been said already is pretty much on point with my experience. I think I mostly just recognize weird or bad behaviours of mine once I can analyze myself with significantly less ego. It's absolutely possible while sober, but it can be quite effortless and accidental on a trip. I'm also not so sure all people have these experiences while sober, even if they could - it takes work. Psychedelics can be good at breaking down mental patterns and guards, exposing the things you typically miss or avoid. Your experience is consistent with most (all?) people. The way taste and smell work are significantly impacted by temperature due to how the sensory channels work, and how the sensed particles behave while warm or cold. This is very noticeable with fatty foods in my own experience. I'm right there with you. 5mg of dextroamphetamine and I'm golden for 5 hours. 10mg of the slow release and it'll last enough of a day that I don't really experience my symptoms throughout the day. I wish I found this 20 years ago. Simple things like keeping my house clean are no longer a planned, forced, prolonged effort. It just happens. I'm happy for you the you made the discovery and found treatment. It's wild how subversive and destructive it can be. I realized recently that only 10% or so of the code I tend to write truly benefits from thorough testing. The rest can be handled more broadly through integration testing which is less about the code specifically and more about expected end use cases, like user workflows. I find those tests very useful. I only write those after the flow is established and more or less finalized. I used to write a lot of tests and discovered over summer that it costs too much in terms of time spent writing, changing, and debugging tests for what you tend to get out of it. I do think writing a lot of tests for a legacy or relatively old system is a great way to uncover existing bugs and document expected behaviours. With that done, refactoring or rebuilding is possible and you gain a great understanding of the software. I found kompose didn't give me a fluid experience with any project I tried using it with. I got endless API incompatibility issues for some reason. I'd have to dig through the docs and rewrite the files kompose generated. Even then they wouldn't always work. Would it be magic if it's simply that most immigrants contribute to society in Canada? I'm not sure what you're implying, but I also don't see why it needs to be 'magic'. Immigration seems to be a net benefit for Canada - especially in the next decades as our worker:retiree ratio moves towards 2:1. I've been using the same branching strategy for about 5 years, and it has worked really well. I suspect it's fairly common, although everywhere I've worked we've switched to this from something with less structure. Essentially the branch naming pattern looks like: [ticket-type]/#TICKET-[ticket-description] In practice it might look like: bug/APP-123-prevent-auth-redirect-loop It makes it so you can easily automate ticket statuses with commits and merges, grep for types of issues without needing to type/remember an emoji, and you don't need to worry about emojis rendering differently on different platforms. The text will always be the same. The emoji thing is fine if it's for fun - we should all enjoy ourselves and our work a little more - but I'm hard pressed to see the practicality of it. I'm impressed - I would have found this useful many times and I really like the appearance and simplicity. This looks like high quality work. I don't have links (sorry) but a few prominent people in the psychedelics-for-therapy crowd often share anecdotes about these drugs helping people to shed ego, communicate better, and generally build bonds better. There are real accounts of this, but many if not all are anecdotal due to how limited data is and how informal data capture is. A great place to look is Tim Ferriss' podcast episodes about psychedelic therapy. He has two I can think of, and one has a few great anecdotes. From him you'll find many others. Gabor Maté is a good one to check out. He uses psychedelics extensively in therapy and has for quite some time. One woman I listened to (I believe on Tim's podcast) detailed how her and her husband would take MDMA (I believe) every year or so and talk things out. Whether things were good or bad. She describes herself as the last kind of person you'd expect to see taking illegal drugs, but here she is, and she believes it has made her marriage far better than it would have been without them. There are countless similar stories. I had this experience too. Being isolated with that amount of responsibility is a huge burden. Not many people actually get it... It's easy to find superficial sympathies, maybe equally easy to find people who discount your struggle, and rare to find those who really get it. Then to find help; nearly impossible. I didn't regret my son back then, but it felt like the ultimate sin to ever express my stress or pains because they clearly were due in part to his existence. It's wildly unhealthy not to be able to do so. Shit, it's wildly unhealthy to be isolated like that and absurd not to be able to be openly upset about it. I'm grateful for my son. I have Paul's experience with all of my kids in terms of the good feelings and the desire to have them in my life. But I'd be lying in a bad way if I ever said they weren't a large part of my suffering at different stages of our lives. It's part of it. Being a male in that situation is also awful because people kind of shrug it off like... Well, you're not a single mom. Whatever. You're a programmer, you make tons of money. You're lucky! Ugh. Hard times. Oh my god, I'm sorry. I'm sure that introduces more than enough challenges for the children too, not just you. Drug addiction is hell for everyone involved. You're dead on about the challenges of programming in this sort of situation. It feels like you're constantly falling a little further behind, losing out on opportunities, endlessly switching contexts... It's hard as hell. I often feel as though within 10 years I'll be irrelevant to this industry because I can't possibly be keeping up with my colleagues. On the bright side, my relationship with my son is a significant motivator, and things do get easier. There's a light at the end I guess. I inherited a code base that has major issues stemming from the developers not realizing what postgres can do. It's reliant on Kafka with a bizarrely complex queue system for answering questions from users automatically in a distributed, scalable fashion. It has schema-less messages shooting around referencing database rows and tables with zero certainty that anything will exist when the message arrives. It works, but it's a real mess and it breaks remarkably easily. There's nothing about it that couldn't have been done more easily and perfectly scalably enough with a single database. The product will probably never be large enough to need something like Kafka. I really, really agree with you. Better database knowledge would have put us weeks ahead on this project already, and it's still very early. Likewise, we run everything in DO and it's around 30% less so far, but we're also able to afford managed databases at that rate. To make them redundant will bring us closer to our AWS rates, but... I'm very happy to have managed services at the moment, and the value is felt both in productivity and finances. I'm really happy we moved over. I suppose in a sense I do, although my "full time job" isn't development. I take care of my son at home during the day (and occasionally parts of the night), and otherwise work part to full time on software. I've also worked part time contract gigs while working full time on software. It gets to be a lot pretty quickly. I've come to think the impact on my quality of life isn't worth it. I'm so sleep deprived and the monetary rewards have never felt that great - especially now since I'm paid less than I have been in almost ten years. I think I'd feel a little differently if my son wasn't such a schedule mangler or I was earning what I'm used to, but... I'm fairly firmly in the camp now that my time is worth more than anything I can manage to get paid after a certain point. Something worth considering is intermittently taking on smaller but lucrative contracts. Be selective. Don't commit to a long term slog in which you'll sacrifice your personal life and appreciation for your career. My thinking here is that had the original devs had a better grasp on redis and postgres, they never would have tried using Kafka in the first place. I can't imagine the problem ever requiring the throughput of Kafka, and there would likely be several other scaling issues in the way of utilizing Kafka to its full potential anyway. I'm pretty sure a redis-based queue like Bull ( https://github.com/OptimalBits/bull ) would have sufficed for queuing message responses directly on the server (or multiple instances of the server), and while Kafka works fine for long term storage of logs, our use case for the data makes it so it would be far better stored directly in postgres. Postgres is apparently also a decent pub/sub solution, though I'm not sure if it's superior to Kafka in this case. The worst part is that the alternative architecture using a redis queue and postgres for message history is very simple, easy to maintain, benefits from the ability to normalize data, and is comfortably boring. Kafka is not that. It's a miserable beast sometimes, and it presents hurdles all the time for many of us. It's good at what it does and people should consider it (or Pulsar) if their problem requires a high throughput message broker. For everyone else, it's a really risky investment for small or no returns over alternatives. It's the worst decision the developers made in this application by a wide margin. There are definitely preference changes over time. Another factor is how quickly the internet and browsers change... Even if your preferences remained the same, your needs will inevitably change too. It's wild to think of how much the internet and browsers have changed in the last 20 years. Yet they still have the same basic back, forward, refresh, address bar, and bookmark components. I wonder if that'll ever change. Address bars have certainly come a long way. In the moments where addiction has crept into my life (I've been fortunate enough to observe it and have a good enough life that I could correct it; I can see how if things were worse, I might not have had that control), I've always had this awful feeling that I was just escaping. The fastest route out of consciousness, no effort, no feeling, no hope for myself. I think for many of us, addiction really is about escaping the ordinary because when your ordinary becomes painful, coping can become a tremendous burden. I don't hold peoples addictions against them at all... If you prefer drinking over your life, you're probably battling something awful. Maybe it's things happening right now, maybe it's something that happened to you. Maybe you have acute mental illness that's virtually undetectable to others and you've tried to live the way everyone expects for 20 years +, and it's too much now. I think this is quite common. If that's how someone feels, they have my sympathy. My life has been pretty good all things said, but I've felt incredibly overwhelmed at times. Life can be hard as hell. Sometimes you just want to turn it off for a while. I put a lot of work into understanding AWS and gave it an honest try for 6 months or so, and ended up realizing it's an approach to solving a problem that simply doesn't jive with me. I went back to DO, and it made both personal sense for me and economic sense for the product. It's obviously an incredible platform with excellent tooling, and it probably powers most of the websites I use. But like most trades the same job can be done to a similar standard at a variety of scales using wildly different processes and tooling. And that's fine. The economics seem to be inverted (AWS is large scale and quite expensive in my experience while DO is smaller and cheaper), but it's also not a perfect analogy. I just won't begrudge anyone for using a tool or process I don't love. If it gets your blog or multi-million dollar revenue product online, that's awesome. I'm glad I can say I used some AWS stuff on my resume, but for my own work I'd only use it if it had a clear advantage over whatever else I'm using. I've sat in on some really gross calls in which my CTO at the time berated DO support for issues that didn't _really_ exist in an attempt to get better rates, or practically yelled at them when minor hiccups occurred in our infrastructure. It was very painful to sit in on. They were remarkably patient and cool about it. I suspect there are many people like him out there sucking up their time and resources. Python has the unittest module which works well for basic unit testing, and it's inspired by others (JUnit and the smalltalk testing framework respectively as I recall). I'm not sure about benchmarks, though. Running and diet improvements did great things for my ADHD, but it's not consistent. I'd fall into slumps due to ADHD-fuelled depression, I think. The stimulants do a great job warding that off and keeping me consistent with exercise. Consistent exercise tends to keep me consistent with diet. If anyone argued that stimulants are bad for my health, I could only point out that without them, my health suffers acutely through sheer neglect and it's a downward spiral. You're not alone. I was 33 on a high powered rocket to the bottom. I think ADHD can erode your sense of self, your self esteem, and as a result, every part of you. The distress gets real. And yet once you finally realize you _need_ help, you have such a low appreciation for yourself that you don't believe you _deserve_ help. If I didn't have kids I probably wouldn't have gotten help. I did it for them. I'm glad I did now – everyone deserves help. You're probably right when it comes to those of us who medication works well for, but there are some people who medication doesn't help much. In those cases I think diet and exercise tend to be the best line of defence against symptoms. Likewise, diet made a huge difference for me. I really like eating once in the evening and sticking to a super-low carb diet. I'm sure it's different for everyone, but for me it's a miraculous contrast to eating carby breakfast, lunch, and dinner. When I eat regular meals I'm _constantly_ hungry and my focus goes to total shit. I tend to have to manage my weight because even when I expressly try not to, I eat too much. It's weird. I also eat worse food. It seems to be a vicious cycle. This is all super relatable. > Uncontrollable "hyperfocus" on things you really don't have control over. This is the bane of my existence. I have moments reading about things (most recently, how to repair air conditioning systems in vehicles I don't even own!?) in which I'm aware of how insane it is but I just can't stop. I need to know more. > Poor time management. I once went snorkelling for an hour... for almost 4 hours. Everyone thought I was dead. > Zero sympathy from other people. Yeah. All those people who thought I was dead subsequently believed I went snorkelling for 4 hours on purpose - not at all because I had no idea it had been that long. In my mind I thought "I better get back, it might be closing on 1.5 hours by now!". The ocean was too beautiful for time to exist though. I really had no idea. I was shamed for being so selfish and self absorbed for ages... I suppose I still am, actually. This happens with countless things. My family refuses to believe ADHD causes you to do things like this; they think I'm looking for excuses when I point to ADHD. > Having a hard time reading long pieces of text. This is the one thing I'm alright at. I love getting lost in text, even if it's not that interesting. The problem is that I do it too often. > Depression and anxiety Yeah. This is soul crushing. I find the problem with this feature of ADHD is that it often happens in social situations which is problematic. I can gradually ease myself over the hump of "what comes first?" in private and with some time, but if someone asks me something and the subject is completely irrelevant to where my attention is, I'll draw a blank for so long that it can appear rude. I'm not being rude though; the context switch is almost like hitting restart on my brain. An example might be if my ex would ask me where we should eat dinner. Maybe I'm actually hungry at the moment, but I really don't know how to go about solving the problem of where to eat. My brain won't go there. I have an internal urgency to solve this because I know my ex will be annoyed if I don't have ideas, but my brain is completely blank. I fumble around with the same 2 or 3 bad ideas after 30 seconds or so, both struggling to rationalize them as choices and thinking of more places. Soon my ex decides I don't have ideas because I'm either not hungry (which means I'm selfish because I should at least care to help her with ideas!), or I don't want to go out with her (if I wanted to I'd think of something - anything!). I find similar mechanics in a lot of relationships, and it's never that I'm actually being selfish or even uninterested. My brain just goes blank. > I have allocate recreation time to work Ugh, this. So many lost days, weeks, months to ADHD. Just trying to keep up. Can't focus for a day? There goes the weekend. Shame, fear of losing my job, fear of work piling up - all of it. I have to make up for it at some point. I always told myself it wasn't worth the trouble to apply to jobs where the salary was 50%+ higher than my current salary. When I finally did (because the requirements were so well aligned with my skillset), I was floored by how eager they were to interview me. I think my previous job paid around 75k CAD which is... Admittedly terrible for someone with my experience. Now if I apply to jobs offering twice that salary I can often get an interview. I know these numbers are tiny for many people on HN, but bear with me. It truly does pay to just try. Why not find out? I've probably worked for far less than I was worth for the majority of my career. The day I became a developer I was titled as a graphic designer (I was a designer who could code), and I kept that title and salary for 2 years. That really set the tone for me, I think. I was making $32.5K/year building honest to gosh web applications. Ironically I decided to do my own thing once I realized I was undervaluing myself. Probably not wise, but I've wanted to for so long and I never did because I figured I didn't have the skills. It doesn't necessarily have to mean that. If performance is generally good enough, then the ability to do things like add critical features, patch bugs, and refine the app much faster is much higher value for the user and Shopify. It's also supposed to be derivative at first, I think. The poker game between Data and Picard is nearly exclusively derivative. But it's setting up a platform to jump from. I mean, I hope other elements aren't too derivative, but it seems unfair to criticize the first episode for it. The second one seems to depart quite a bit more (at least enough for my tastes). Is this true though? I feel like encrypted and redundantly stored in some cold web storage would be inexpensive and reliable, whereas with paper... Well, I lose those all the time, but I have files in cold storage that I guess by now are 15 years old or so. Another tough part of using paper is that you'd need to do it frequently. I get so many emails, and I'd like to keep a good portion of them. I'd be printing every week. It would be pretty expensive and inconvenient. Wow, I inherited a heavily used one of these from my grandmother 20 years ago, and never understood what it was. It was used in an odd way to hold dried flowers and plants, and I assumed it was some sort of Dutch tradition to do this. Now I know! Thanks for that. This makes my little memento that much more interesting. It seems from what I've read here that digitalocean has always carried relatively higher debt than other, similar companies. It might not be a good example. There many flavours of time series databases, but my understanding is that at their core they're optimised for storing and querying based on time stamp/time series data. Typically very quickly in large volumes. That's maybe the primary criteria to define a database as a time series database. Someone could probably elaborate on this a massive amount. I'm sure there is some nuance and a lot of relevant details around how that optimization is done. Well put – 50% increase in free time. That's a very positive take on it. Depending on who you are that'll matter more or less, but to me that phrase is heart warming. 50% more time for the family, self care, catching up around the house. That sounds peaceful. “Your whole responsibility is to protect your child, and I didn’t before he even had a chance to breathe.” As a parent, the thought of being in this position, or any position of failing to care for my child, makes me feel sick. This really is a terrible failure. She found the wrong information and perhaps her child died as a direct result. In British Columbia, Canada, a home birth under these conditions wouldn't be supported or allowed by a midwife. These are people who are typically very pro-homebirth and supported all 3 of my children in home births. I'm disturbed that people were encouraging her to trust herself so far past her due date. The danger of accepting advice online with matters like this is that generally only an idiot would think they're competent enough to provide adequate advice. I feel incredibly sad for her and her baby. One reason could be that this tends to require a lot of fiddling. If you take the Rome approach, you can (theoretically) have the community do the necessary fiddling collectively and have it work for everyone. If they're alright with the standard it provides. I know from experiences in the last few days that even things like standardjs and xo, despite being described as zero-config linting/fixing solutions, don't reliably work out of the box. I'd argue that US parents are so keen on schools staying open because often their jobs depend on it. I expect it would be similar in Japan as well. Maybe it seems like daycare because, in a sense, it does serve the function of allowing parents to work. That doesn't mean it's an alternative to daycare. The parents want their kids to have an education, but they also count on school to be able to work. Even here in Canada, if a school has a snow day and an employer doesn't, it can be a little tense if you don't have anywhere to put your kids. People with relaxed employers and good leave options are fine, but many people don't have that. Sleep is so good for the mind and body that unlike almost any medicine, it can not only make you feel better but heal you in ways you otherwise couldn't be. It's pure elixir for humans. It really is crazy how much some cultures (including mine) neglect it. I love to sleep and always have, but I've been shamed for it (in the weird way that is North Americans do that sometimes) and felt like I needed to optimise my schedule or sleep less or whatever. It's all crazy. Just sleep! It's nice, it's free, soak it up. Unless of course you can't. Man, I feel for people with insomnia. I was thinking of this, too. I swim in the water here down to 6 or 7°C in a 7mm wetsuit. It's cold, but it's very bearable and I enjoy it comfortably for the first 45 minutes or so. If I'm diving a lot (I'm usually spearfishing down to 20m or so) I'll often extend that quite a while due to generated heat. I'm not sure what it is, but the exertion of diving combined with breath-holding turns my body into a furnace. When I first started doing this, I found the water in summer (around 6°C warmer) incredibly cold. I'd shiver if I was snorkelling for a while because my activity was too low. I struggled with that because being so cold would ruin breath-holds. Now I kind of prefer winter dives, because in summer I get unbearably hot. I constantly need to let water into my suit, and I can swim without it for around 1.5 hours. That adjustment only took a year or so. People are awesome at adapting to environments in that way. I use YNAB but I'm compelled to give this a try. I love the simplicity and I enjoy the transparency behind the product's development (not that it makes a difference while budgeting, but I'm a sucker for a personal touch). Really cool, I'm stoked to see how the trial goes. Thanks for sharing Jen. Keep up the great work. Ahhh this speaks to me! Recurring expenses and the sheer manual labor required for YNAB makes it a chore. I don't expect software to be magic — the stuff I make certainly isn't — but it always feels like too much effort. I agree that DO is awesome. I'd argue though that they can make a better UI because they offer less. Everything is a littler simpler. It would be hard to condense AWS into a similar type of interface. Having said that, DO is enough for virtually everything I've ever worked on, and the user experience and price are so much better. They're a clear winner for almost everything I do these days. I'm picturing someone using it as a utility for gardening, maybe cutting vines or chopping stems. Maybe a kid took it out to play in the garden. Then it was left there and forgotten as the grass and weeds grew over it over and over, until it was buried for someone to find. I've been using budget Victorinox for about 15 years, and they're still going strong. If you sharpen them regularly, use a steel, and don't do anything too crazy with them... Most modern knives will do an excellent job in the kitchen. The key is finding the ones that feel good in your hand, I think. There are definitely reasons to consider. At the highest level, I'd say Redis is a swiss army knife and Memcached is a simple pocket knife. Sometimes you really want the swiss army knife, sometimes all of that stuff is just in the way. Memcached is super simple and basic, and that's what I want to lean towards in the building blocks of my software. Looking closer, Redis isn't multithreaded while Memcached is. This means Memcached can scale vertically by scaling compute power in a single instance. Redis isn't well-suited to that. If you're just using a key-value store with zero frills and you run a monolithic app on a single instance, Memcached is going to take you a lot further. A ton of people still run their web applications this way. Having said that, Redis scales horizontally very easily and nicely. You can create replicas of a primary Redis instance to create super high performance/availability clusters. I'd say the lack of multithreading is a non-issue if you know how to manage Redis this way and your infrastructure allows for it. Beyond that, if you do need the features Redis offers (scripting, geospatial support, pub/sub, etc) then Memcached is pretty much off the table. I'm sure there are things I'm missing, but these are the key items that come to mind. They're definitely different! I wouldn't say Redis is the de-facto solution, although I love it and use it a lot. You'd need a specific wavelength (265nm seems to be the standard) and they get pretty expensive. A UV LED from adafruit or sparkfun will probably not be sufficient. At a glance they sell LEDs around 400nm which from my cursory reading wouldn't be effective for what you're imagining. Not to say this would never work. Just that you would need special parts that are less common and more expensive by orders of magnitude. I've also read that sterilizing very fast moving air doesn't work well. It seems HVAC systems use extremely intense light order to be effective in these conditions, which a small LED (or a few) wouldn't accomplish. You don't think precautions in North America are sufficient? I'm not totally clear on how much we're mirroring Italy right now. I'm hoping we're doing better to isolate and prevent, and we're less dense in population, but... I'm still worried. I can't speak for others, but I stocked up simply so I could isolate my family if the virus becomes common in our city. It's about 2 weeks of food for 4 people (me and 3 kids). I don't anticipate the need to isolate but I figured I'd play it safe. I thought this was what others were doing, but now that I think of it I'm just assuming people think as I do. I personally didn't buy 40 rolls of toilet paper. My kids were unfortunately indoctrinated by chromebooks and iPads in our public school system. Using real computers to do things is way too complicated and frustrating for them. Most kids are just like them - they're great using very limited technology for very specific things. The rest of computing is a mystery to them. They type on keyboards at less than 30WPM. At their age, I was doing 50 or so - a requirement for the typing class to 'meet expectations'. This is on point. This is why I never released an app I made for ocean diving conditions. Hydrographic offices exist to provide accurate information, and to be liable for what they produce. I could waive liability, but then I could still endanger people. It isn't worth it. Don't give people advice, don't assume the role of a professional if you aren't one. Isn't that largely due to a lack of immunity? Too many people getting it at once in clusters? I agree, what an awful way to pressure your team. I respect you voting with your wallet like that. > without any real data The trouble is we can only get "real data" by testing more people. If we test more people we will almost certainly discover the numbers are worse than they appear now. All that is to say that the situation can only be worse than we already know. I'm not sure more data would lead us to isolate less at all. You might be right that there could be large numbers of people with the virus who are doing just fine right now, but we know from nearly 200,000 cases (that's plenty) that a non-trivial portion of cases require hospitalization. That's the whole problem, right there. So we know hospitals can be overwhelmed and a LOT of people die for it. Healthcare workers included. We know the situation is probably worse than it looks, but we won't know how much worse for weeks yet. So without real data, it seems to err on the side of caution is absolutely essential. This can bring countries to their knees within weeks, and it has. What would you propose we do without real data? Typing club is excellent. With my kids out of school for the foreseeable future, this will be great to keep them busy – thank you! But what if those medical resources aren't available yet? What if we need to wait weeks or months for them, no matter how much money we have to spend? If the entire world needs these things all at once, there is going to be a shortage (and there is). That's a death sentence for a lot of people, an overwhelmed medical system, and perhaps a runaway burden on the health system that no amount of dollars can catch up with. I think that's a large part of why we're shutting down. If this thing got away from us (we can't possibly know yet), a lack of isolation would mean every place that didn't isolate would essentially have an Italy situation on their hands. That's an insane risk to take. I thought that, but then how do you explain situations like Italy? Such a tremendous number of people are suffering. I get that, and I feel the same, but a lot of jobs require time entries with work descriptions. I have had several of them. Finding ways to minimize that burden on your workday is really nice. I hate time tracking. No comment on this product specifically, I'd have to try it. But a lot of us can't just say no thanks to time tracking. I should also add some people benefit personally from making this effort. I have ADHD and though I hate time tracking, the information it gives me is invaluable. I have a terrible sense of time (honestly almost none) and being notified of intervals and knowing what I did is an excellent aid for keeping on track and improving self awareness. Due to isolation I ordered from them for the first time in a very long time. I'm blown away by how much garbage is on there now. Or was it always there? I'm glad I could stay inside but I really need to find something better. We are testing a more diverse group as we test more. Before we were testing people we suspected to be sick. Our data has been extremely biased all along in most countries. It's addressed in the tweets, but there's also the question of how many existing customers are folding or going to fold before this all wraps up. If you have that plus unsticky new customers, you're looking at a potential loss. I have no idea what's realistic at this point, but I suppose neither do they. These are strange times. I wouldn't attribute it to laziness. Quality can really suffer when you need to maintain so many code bases. Not all teams have those kinds of resources. I find melamine foam, like Mr Clean magic erasers, makes removing assorted drawing implements from walls a lot easier. It'll even remove pen and pencil. I add a little soap and just scrub away, rinsing frequently. You have to be careful because it's an abrasive and some wall surfaces might not like it. It seems fine on the paints I've cleaned, though. My fear is that economic impacts will end up so severe that we won't really see normal again as a result for a long, long time. I hope I'm being alarmist, but my gut tells me (and my brain) that my city is hemorrhaging cash and even with economic stimulus, jobs aren't going to come back as quickly as people think. A lot of local business owners who were doing alright (making money and paying several employees) are not at all interested in getting back to it. The risk in the next few years due to future waves of infection is too great, and government assistance is incredible here in Canada but only enough to help you limp along. That's a scary condition to run a business. I think this will be great for large companies. Jobs and economic opportunity might relatively shift towards them for quite a while. I hope I'm wrong, but I don't see a significant change to isolation practices any time soon and the economic impacts seem likely to change our lives in a very noticeable way. I don't know anything about economics. My thoughts keep gravitating towards the US and Canada employing people to invest in infrastructure upgrades. It's a way to address a serious concern in both countries (especially the US), put cash into the hands of citizens, thus the economy, and give a lot of people a bit of hope. You wouldn't need to create tens of millions of jobs directly in infrastructure, just enough that the money would move around and make related business possible. Maybe this is a really stupid idea, I don't know. It seems like it so far, but the impacts might just be delayed. I hope that's not the case, I don't want anyone to lose their livelihood. I wondered about this. I've started to think they probably see a lot of threats, tell people, and it's more or less dismissed if it's not immediately clear why it's a threat. I can see environmental regulations getting trashed to get the economy going. I'm worried. Here in Canada, I suspect Alberta will be given a major stimulus to get their oil workers active again. This will happen all over the world. Likewise, I ordered some stuff with 2 day shipping about 10 days ago and it's still slated to arrive in 3 weeks. Hopefully it's a little sooner than that, because every other thing I needed for this project (including a king size mattress) shipped in under a week, and it's just sitting around unused. In a way I feel it has become less complicated. I can do so much with hooks so easily using a dead simple API, for example. I write less code now than I ever did with react. Admittedly, react now comes with that API and the previous ways of doing things, and that could be seen as over complication. It looks good to me. Putting out relevant content and networking is where it's at, too. Even if your website actually was bad, you'd probably be fine. I used to get a lot of work for web design without a website. I had a resume with good references and urls leading to good work samples. That's the stuff that counts. There was no shortage of jokes about not having a website though, and everyone thought they were the first person to tell me 'the cobbler's children go barefoot', haha. Part of why it's like this could be because of how our dads and their dads handled being fathers. Perhaps too often they didn't own it, made child raising women's work, and created that gap in society that we see here today. I might be wrong. I used to get a little frustrated by how men are treated as parents though, and I've come to think it's no one's fault today. If some old lady congratulates me for spending time with my sons (something I do every day and while it is nice, I don't want people to think it's remarkable and novel), I shouldn't assume it's condescending or rude; it's more likely that her husband rarely spent time with their kids and/or her father never spend time with her. She could be totally sincere. Similarly, there could be very little written for us because in much of the world and recent history, raising kids has been largely placed on women. We might need to start writing if we want to see that change. Again, I could be wrong. I think about it quite a bit though. Being a 'single dad' was a real eye opener about how men and parenting are perceived in society. Arguably the death rate from covid would increase as well, wouldn't it? You'd have a lot more potential survivors not getting proper care. The shift work struggle is real. Keep at it, it'll get better. I try to remind myself how lucky I am to have work right now. Many of my friends don't, and that struggle is probably much worse. No, my kids seem to love being home. They're crafting, skate boarding, learning to bake and cook, playing with each other, generally being kids all day. The other day one of them said they can't wait for summer break. I asked what would be different and they said 'no school work', haha. They have about 60 minutes per day of remote learning to do. Apparently more of this would be okay. I thought they'd miss socializing a lot more than they do so far. Instead being trapped at home with dad is similar to vacation. Why can't imperfection of choice or opportunity warrant sympathy? Life is difficult for a multitude of reasons. I don't expect anyone to get everything right, and I sympathize with everyone's occasional want for more or regret or loss, whatever it might be. This was one of my favourite discoveries. The way it tenderizes chicken is really nice; some other methods don't feel quite right. Other enzymes I've tried have seemed to tenderize too much and perhaps in overly-localized areas at times. Maybe it's user error. Buttermilk gives you a nice, mild, consistent result though and it couldn't be much easier. I'm not sure, but depending on how micro your dose was, it might have had a similar wakeful effect. Anecdotally and based on experiences of people I've spoken to, psilocybin tends to keep people awake. Some even say they couldn't possibly fall asleep for anywhere from 6 to 12 hours after taking a dose intended for psychedelic effects. Perhaps in micro doses it has the same effect but more mildly. This was my late teens and early 20s on Vancouver Island in British Columbia. A long, wet, cold, relentless "winter" can only be beaten by warm drinks and good friends. Actually, they don't even have to be great friends, haha. Just need to get out of the house and remind yourself there's more than rain and grey. This is a great point. I found myself both admiring and hating some of my son's school work recently in that it illustrated and described mental problem solving exceptionally well, then gruelingly pushed him to repeatedly explain the model rather than simply use it. Pages upon pages of dissection and regurgitation. My son could understand the model just fine, but was perplexed as to why he had to go over it like that. I used to tell my friend this and she was positive she'd never earn more than $50K CAD/year, and always said I was overpaid as a developer making ~$70K/year at the time. These days she has advanced far more than I have, and she'll continue to. Even as a developer with no education or particularly special skills, your ceiling in Canada isn't all that high. I'm the epitome of a 1xer though, so I can't speak for everyone. I can earn around $90k, but she's earning $120k now – that only took about 7 years for a 240% increase. Having an education can be a huge asset to your career, and she couldn't have her career without hers. Likewise, See seemed like it had so much potential but I didn't enjoy it much. I stopped part way as well. Admittedly I watch some pretty awful TV sometimes, so perhaps it really was just disappointment that it didn't live up to expectations. Wouldn't the advantage be consistent build fragments? If you use the build tools outside of docker, you won't get the same repeatable build artifact across different machines (or as your own host system changes). Maybe I'm not understanding you though. I understand the sentiment and agree to a point. At the same time, I sometimes use docker for seemingly trivial problems because the most important requirement is build consistency. I don't know how to get around using containers when I need that. I can see a static site generator actually needing a reliable build process. What would you suggest though? Just manually/automatically test builds? I felt bad going to a therapist at first — guilty, self conscious, like I must be so self absorbed. I addressed that early on and tried to be constructive but it took time to get over that. One way to look at it is that even if you are unhappy with your job in a bubble, so what? Isn't that something worth addressing and examining to understand better? Being unhappy for any reason matters. I discovered I was unhappy for much more valid reasons than I ever imagined and taking that leap to therapy was quite life changing. The key thing was that my burnout had legitimate causes that weren't really my fault or a weakness or flaw in myself (at least not that I could easily control), and I learned a huge amount about how I needed to move forward. I really don't think I would have done it, ever, without therapy. This is a good point. My therapist lives thousands of kilometers away. If you have a good fit, the distance might not matter. I had one in my city before and he was great too, but he knew a colleague might have more relevant experience. I was doubtful about the distance aspect, but it's been totally fine since day one. It's definitely worth considering. I agree. I was floored by how well it worked, and actually had doubts that it was working in the way I expected it to/it's supposed to. It was just so seamless and natural. I kept thinking there was no way it was using the correct configuration, running the right scripts, etc. It was a lifesaver too. I was using a severely under-powered ThinkPad and I'm admittedly awful with Windows. Being able to quickly swap to that remote setup reduced a tremendous amount of friction for me. When good software works, it's so cool. Likewise. My friends and I have been using it throughout the pandemic to chat, I've been using it for years, but we're all deleting our accounts this morning. All around unsettling news as far as keybase software goes. Congratulations keybase team, though. I've never written a single line of code that I liked. I enjoy programming, but I'm a terrible programmer even after... Jesus, thirteen years. Sometimes I'm not totally unhappy with my solutions, but most people here could do a hell of a lot better. Fortunately, that doesn't keep me from getting paid and delivering acceptable work. I used to use Telegram and I really enjoyed it, but it's a bit limited in its professional uses. I'd use it for chat again for sure. I'd love to find something a little more 'work friendly', though. I wonder about this a lot. I used to be a hopelessly optimistic, positive, happy person despite constant failure. This was of course due to my ADHD, whatever that really is. Over time though, a deep depression, loss of identity, and loss of optimism has really overwhelmed the old me. But where did that begin? Was it there all along? It certainly doesn't seem like it. It isn't rose colored glasses; I had a pretty tough time as a kid. Somehow I was sure everything would be great. Now great things often don't seem as good as they are. I really struggle to understand where that comes from so I can handle it better. I do believe it developed over time, though. I think it can be reversed. Perhaps that's just a lingering thread of optimism. I know HN has some bad moments, but I actually still learn quite a bit here and get introduced to new ideas. That's a lot less common on Reddit, even though I'm only subscribed to niche, specific subreddits. Nothing is perfect but I feel more informed and otherwise safer having discussions here. When it comes to medical solutions I'd think it's more than frowned upon to mislabel things... I've had some bad products from China (and many other places) but largely in consumer spaces where people won't care too much and consequences aren't significant. When it comes to lab or medical equipment, does this practice actually occur? It completely defeats the intent and would lead to a total loss of business, wouldn't it? I worked with a short-lived startup which made this exact mistake. I suggested persisting important events to a postgres db, but I was shot down over and over. They were positive it would be fine to hold everything in kafka. There was this notion that kafka functioned fine as a long term data store with the correct configuration (I'm not arguing that), but there was no solution to the lack of... Well, everything postgres could offer. As you mentioned, the lack of velocity really dragged them down. Customers were constantly upset that x broke or y wasn't delivered yet, and each time it was clear that kafka wasn't helping them meet those needs. Kafka is awesome for what it does, but there are a ton of people out there using it for weird stuff. In this case the application was commissioned by the founder, and the people developing it were given errant criteria (and not given other valid criteria) which admittedly made Kafka sound like it would make sense. The developers who adopted the commissioned application were way too inexperienced to know one way or another, and by the time I was asked to help out, no one had really learned anything about Kafka. My suggestions to replace it with a basic queue were rejected and my suggestions to store events in a database for easier recollection were rejected. They were sure learning Kafka better would fix everything instead. Ironically there's not even that much to learn about it, in the scheme of things. It's like learning more about your car so you can make it fly one day. It's just not the right tool for the job. Even though currently there is zero traffic is exactly right. Haha. When this company finally did get customers, the thing they thought would help them manage thousands of high volume customers ended up making it so they could barely retain a few very low volume customers. I said Kafka is great at what it's for - I'm not blaming it at all. I actually enjoyed working with it a lot, despite that it couldn't help my client very much. Fine tuning it to work better for them was probably one of the more fun projects I've worked on in the last year. It still wasn't the right tool for the job they were trying to do, though. They could have replaced their brokers with simple worker queues and fed the raw data and results into a db. That was all they needed. The fear was that when they got MASSIVE, that architecture wouldn't scale for them. In reality it absolutely would, but like you said, the blogs told them otherwise. Kafka is fine, using it for the wrong thing isn't. I'll admit, I only recognized that mistake because I've made it myself, over and over. It's hard to push code knowing it'll need improvements later, or knowing how scopes will change. I find myself repeating "perfect is the enemy of good" because I struggle to just let a solution be good enough. It's tough to be consulted and watch people go against your advice like that, though. Fair enough, I should have been more explicit in saying that the team was using it in a weird way for their own purposes. Not only was the use case wrong for them, but the technology wasn't well understood by anyone either. The implementation was partially nonsense. I'm not criticizing Kafka so much as the way I've seen it used in software. It's largely down to user error, and like I said, Kafka is good software. I had to learn a lot about it for that project and it was a lot of fun. It was my first deep dive into message brokers and I really loved it, so I mean no disrespect to the software or its maintainers. I get conflicting thoughts about this. Sometimes I feel we must have killed countless deep sea dwelling species without ever seeing them. Then sometimes I'm amazed by the resilience and scale of the ocean and wonder if somehow, very few species have gone extinct because of us. The sheer biomass we've removed from the ocean is staggering though, and the cascading effect on the deep sea ecosystems must be immense. There is so much less food to fall down there now. If any air was in the lungs it would be replaced with water, otherwise our bodies wouldn't respond much. We're mostly water and other matter that's very hard to compress. I've got two thoughts after reading this. One is that trauma isn't a binary thing, and it can accumulate over time. Some of these mods are dealing with serious events, like the user who was given advice which lead to his wife killing their children. Others got doxxed and receive death threats. Two, if someone feels upset from getting messages like "you're a piece of shit", I wouldn't say they're an immature child or a weakling. I'd say they could be sensitive, perhaps also very considerate, and in that moment they may worry that another human being is upset and they're responsible for it. They might hurt from the pressure to moderate something that's important to them. Maybe they struggle with social interaction, even if it's online, and experiences like this can be very hurtful. I don't care why something hurts someone, I care more that they are hurt. Chronic exposure to these things, even if they do seem benign or minor from the outside, absolutely can lead to trauma. Trauma is a result of exposure to acute or chronic damage to your physical or mental well being. This can occur in a staggering number of ways from person to person. How each of us handles that will vary, but if it leads to a lasting impact, it's trauma. I'm sorry you experienced what you did. It's arguably worse than what the moderators are describing, but it isn't exclusive to those experiences. It's also not a contest. I'm blown away that I can't go ahead and delete my account. Seriously? I opted out of this change, but at this point I don't trust that to be respected anyway. I really want my account deleted immediately. False alarm, it's been deleted 4 hours later. There isn't as much friction as it seemed like there could be. I've left new jobs over things much less annoying than this. That she stuck it out is incredible. If you start at a company and they can't have a computer/desk/whatever you need ready without a good reason, that's a terrible start. I've worked with people with very little money or resources who still manage to create a quick, sane, respectful onboarding process. There's no excuse for anything else, and in my experience it's a great indicator of things to come. I hope you went back to Aaron and thanked him for that input and perhaps apologized for dismissing it. It can be really frustrating to lead something and have founders/execs shoot down your professional input, ideas, or concerns because... Well, why did you? You're right that Llamas are South American (though they weren't always - the fossil record shows Llama-like animals as far north as the southern states ~20K years ago), but mexico is so much more than just tropical jungles! Some parts see snow every year, and there are piles of mountains all over the country. It's such an incredible place. I didn't know that this is called a refinement type! I've been wanting it badly, both in Nim and in Rust. Now I have a way to search for what I'm looking for to learn more. Would it be possible to use this to ensure a string matches a certain pattern? For example, maybe I want the string to look like a phone number or zip code. I know I can use an abstraction to do this and have some level of safety, even without a statically typed language, but I love the idea of implementing that with primitives. As far as I know it isn't really a thing though. I'm assuming a refinement is only really a refinement of a type within the same system, and doesn't allow for special logic like pattern matching. That would be amazing though. I've spent so much of my career working with dynamic languages, it's hard to know exactly which tools are available to me with these kinds of type systems. I love it though. Learning to leverage types has been such a fun shift. Wow, that's really helpful. I'm working on a TS project at the moment and that might come in handy. Thanks! Oh god, who cares about a dead body? Try asking me that if any of my family died, or asking any of my family if I died. The body is all that's left. Irrational or not, maybe that's one of the most beautiful things about people. That intense salience that comes from loss, love, compassion, and longing. Likewise, I came in 3rd in a (relatively low key) half marathon 6 or 7 years ago and the guy right behind me the whole way was 72. I was maxed out (I think my finish time was 1:36), and when I finished I was absolutely bushed. This old guy congratulated me, ate a cookie, hung out a bit, then ran home like the whole thing was a warm up. Are you talking about those affirmative action, 'anti white' slides created by a woman who worked/works for GitHub? Or the master/slave debacle? I personally learned a lot from sparkfun's tutorials. The format is pretty digestible, there are some good videos, and it links out to a few other good resources as well. https://learn.sparkfun.com/tutorials/where-do-i-start/all "Close to the Chrome" > The iPhone SE, one of the fastest smartphones on the market (only other iPhones are faster) I just replaced my Google Pixel (4 years old) with an SE and it's like... They're not even comparable. I'm sure it makes clear sense as to how so much progress could be made in 4 years, and how it could cost so much less (I paid $649 USD for the Pixel), but it feels a bit magical as a consumer and infrequent phone user. It's a fantastic little device. I'm still 900% pissed about the MacBook Air they sold me in 2018 and I resent the awful support they gave me for the keyboard (It's virtually unusable already), but as a phone business, they seem hard to beat right now. Is it normal to ship with scss source maps? It seems like it would be a net negative for performance and delivery times. I hear you, I used to feel the same. I was a heavy phone user once and that's why I got the Pixel. A lot of things mattered to me then that just don't now. I could almost get by with a flip phone, but there are still a few things I like about smart phones: - I like to use my phone to check bathy charts while I'm out free diving. In a water proof case, a phone is a huge asset for finding interesting spots to dive. I don't really want to buy a dedicated device for this. I can just hook it to my float and it's there for exploration/emergencies/location beacon for family/etc. - When I forget to charge my watch, it's nice to have GPS handy for tracking a run or ride - It's really nice to be able to do a decent code review from a phone if I'm out and about. I wouldn't do this with critical code or large changes, but it's nice to give someone some extra eyes without committing to sitting at the desk or bringing my computer places - I have ADHD and having a full-fledged reminder/task box is a god send. I'd be lost without todoist I could do this all with any modern smart phone, but I went with the best 'bang for the buck' model I could find. I don't think I'll miss anything from Android. Likewise, the degree of integration is kind of absurd and luxurious for me. I expected it to be a perk but it's quite a bit better than I thought it would be. When I picked up my SE and signed in with my Apple ID it gave me access to all of my keychain and tons of other stuff I use frequently like photos and documents. Things I didn't realize I was missing on Android. I installed multiple apps and was automatically signed in! I didn't expect that. Wifi just works everywhere I've been with my MacBook. People near me on iPhones can have all kinds of things exchanged with minimum effort. Contacts, files, wifi passwords. I know all of this works on Android too (kind of), but since I have a MacBook and an Apple ID I use a lot, my experience with an iOS is faaaar better than it was with Android. I used to go days without touching my Pixel, but this iPhone is so much nicer to use and so much more useful that I carry it regularly and use it quite a bit. I'm really happy with it. I don’t love the design of the language, but it’s far from bad as a whole. It’s easy to critique, but hard to rival how easy it is to get things done with it. Also the php community has developed some of the nicest software I’ve used for creating web applications. I don’t use it anymore, but my years working with Symfony were very positive. Overall I’d say it’s a good language and a great community. I don’t personally want to go back to writing php, but I wouldn’t complain if I needed to. I think people remember how abysmal php was around 10 years ago. It was miserable. Sort of - It ensures that your logic still generates the same output as before, so perhaps a step after the schema and a little closer to the user. I think people take it to mean the output will still look the same for the end user, though. That's rarely the case since markup is typically styled by CSS. CSS changes will largely be missed in the snapshots unless a class name is added, removed, or updated in the markup. Right. Best practices are all well and good, but the reality is that tons of people are running in production with no migration strategy. I'm not saying it's not important or that Prism is fine without it. I wouldn't choose software without a tried, tested migration strategy available. Just... To a lot of people I've worked with, migrations are a nice-to-have that will probably never happen. My spotify wrap for 2019 was a giant list of assorted noise tracks. "You're in Pink Noise's top 5% of listeners!" Great Yeah, that graph is not something I can take seriously. It feels like they’re trying to convince me with pictures when they should be letting the product speak for itself. In my experience, not much software is an outlier in performance like they’re claiming here. There are some standout projects that I really love and depend on (Postgres, rust, typescript, react), but even those aren’t ‘top right quadrant’ solutions. They also don’t claim to be, as far as I know This is exactly it. I know prisma developers are here, and if I could express one concern to them, it’s that the content I saw was pretty fluffy and I left without a clear idea of why it’s worth adding into my tool chain. That’s not entirely true is it? Browsers can hyphenate (using the hyphen property in CSS) but it only supports certain languages, which need to be specified in the lang attribute of the html tag. Right, there’s also overflow-wrap though it’s intended more for preventing layout breakage in a language-agnostic way. Maybe it could be useful if you’re working with a language that isn’t supported by browsers. Wow, I should know better. That’s pretty awful support. You’re not wrong. I think the concern can still be valid that the use of those taxes isn’t good, though. While some people get an alright deal out of a single shipment, the overall situation isn’t necessarily justified or beneficial. Maybe this isn’t a great place to ask, but: I’m so sick of my chromecast. The audio and video issues are absurd. I have a fibre connection but I can’t manage to keep a 1080p cast working from my machine, and Youtube frequently stutters and lags. Sometimes I go to Apple’s website and almost buy an Apple TV, other times I think about something more DIY like a raspberry pi media centre. But what I wonder is... is all of this stuff shit? Do I just stick with my chromecast? Maybe I’m just fooling myself that spending money and switching would be any better. Reading this just reminded me of how obnoxious my chromecast is. I thought so too, but I’ve cycled through hardware (some of it quite good) and the issues were consistent. I agree. I really struggled to get help with certain problems with Nim, but with Rust it has been fairly trivial to find help. The community is very active and helpful. Nim does have a syntax I prefer more, but overall I find I’m quite a bit more productive with Rust. I made a comparable upgrade path and I’m unexpectedly stoked with where I landed with the SE. It’s a wonderful little device in its own right, and a significant upgrade over a 6S. I didn’t expect to like this phone as much as I do. Someone else mentioned the screen brightness isn’t great outdoors. It’s perfectly usable but my previous phone was noticeably better. It really doesn’t matter to me, though. I’m typing this without issues in direct afternoon sunlight. Ugh, agreed. I miss having a jack all the time. I’m so reluctant to buy an adapter for good headphones so I’m still using the ones it shipped with. They’re not great. You’re not alone. I’ve sold at some awful times. I haven’t lost much though, and that’s probably more important. If you generally walk away with more, you’re doing good enough. Unless this is your only income or something. The internet is disproportionately filled with the voices of people with excess time on their hands It’s added complexity, it means changing the foreign data’s shape could break the wrapper, performance won’t be as good. There is probably more, but those come to mind. For a lot of people that’s probably not a net negative. I agree about 2004/2005. Back in the early, early days of Reddit, a lot of the content wasn’t even real. I remember those days. It was remarkably different from today. The two versions aren’t really comparable in terms of user base and content. That’s just the way it goes I guess. I do think it has become a tire fire disgrace but that doesn’t matter much. I remember this one user... robotrecall? Something like that. She was really intelligent and her insight and opinions on things were such a joy to read. When she left, I remember thinking that was kind of the end of it for me. It coincided with a lot of other changes as well. Whenever I go and check it out it’s kind of jarring how weird it has become in comparison. None of the content really seems real on the main subreddits (like the early days but so different); the site seems like an enormous native advertisement or subversive troll playground. Likewise, this says I downloaded 3 movies I've never heard of. I find them a lot here when I go to mountain biking resorts with my family. I don’t do the biking, so I take my toddler hiking instead. Mount Washington on Vancouver Island is a great spot for berries. Even the trails heading up the hill directly from the resort are absolutely loaded with blueberries and black huckleberries. Whistler has heaps of good berry trails too. I think it’s because so much of the earth has been dug up and disturbed for the resorts and trails, and the plants are such effective pioneer species. There’s not much as (or more) engaging, provocative, and gratifying as my children asking those questions. Knowing they’re experiencing wonder. Knowing they look at the world and have questions like I did and still do. Why these things matter, what any of it means, that doesn’t need to matter really. I just love knowing that they have the same curiosity and wonder that has given me so much happiness for decades. It’s incredible how relevant and hard to answer some of the early questions are. What are waves? How do objects maintain flight? It’s not just that, but the nature of the questions. They know what waves and wings are, but they want to know things about them. That’s kind of the pinnacle of human intelligence right there. The ability to care to, and then to ask, such interesting and important questions. There would be no progress without wondering about things that matter, or things with significant answers anyway. I’d have a lot less grey hair if it weren’t for my kids but things like this are what made my life matter. I love this about kids, and I enjoyed your comment. I don’t disagree that we have the technology to emit less pollution simply by doing less (the moral decisions in this hypothetical), but the issue is that most (perhaps nearly all) people in the world don’t agree with your morality. This makes technologies which bypass this problem far more feasible, even if they’re further out from actually solving the problem. They might have the potential to get there, whereas morality probably doesn’t. Agriculture is a major source of pollution for example, but it’s how everyone eats. The fact that most people in the world are poor makes this problem extremely hard to solve... How do you argue morality with someone who is just trying to feed themselves? If you want them to use less fertilizer, irrigate less, ship their product shorter distances, etc for the sake of climate change, well... Good luck. Now try telling them to stop driving, or use less electricity, or... I had this experience, though with a different virus. It’s no joke. I was in above average shape, able to run fast and far, lift heavy things, free dive deep and long, etc. After a two week illness, I couldn’t lift my hands above my head and I haven’t run more than 10km since, let alone at If COVID is doing similar things to people, it’s very serious. It’s potentially life altering. I genuinely suspect I will never be as healthy or as strong as I was. I didn’t believe this could happen to healthy people in their 20s, especially not someone who could run a half marathon on a whim, but humans simply aren’t invulnerable. You’re right, that is a glaring issue and to me it’s indisputable. It cuts all ways though. Targeting the rich alone just isn’t sufficient. I didn’t mean to imply poor people are the only problem at all - just that pleading for moral decisions with the bulk of the earth’s population would be futile. One of my greatest fears is that I’m right, so I genuinely hope I’m not. Thank you, and likewise - I hope your wife continues to recover and it doesn’t impact your family too much. I think the reality of sickness is often a revelation once it happens. It’s hard to believe what an impact it can have, seemingly arbitrarily. But with the right support and the right state of mind, recovery is often possible despite being difficult. After a point it just doesn’t happen on its own. It’s another part of life, something to learn from I suppose. Those are very good points, you're right. Here's hoping. I guess the best thing we can do is normalize these behaviours by making the moral decisions ourselves and encouraging the same within our family and peer groups. Just like those movements before us. Stop flying, stop buying things wrapped in plastic upon plastic upon plastic, cycle more places, eat more plants and less meat, etc – the 'drip in the ocean' strategy might be all we have, but you're right... It has helped before. There's no sense in discouraging that. I’ve always thought of ch as a unit intended for monospaced fonts or languages with monospaced characters. Does anyone know of any other practical uses? Being selective about plugins is so important. When I first started working independently, I was blown away by how much work could be had just saving people from the misery of Wordpress plugins. Not glorious work, but wow, you could work until the sun is gone just churning out plugin updates for Wordpress site owners. Almost all of the problem plugins weren’t even that important to the site. Someone just added it at some point and left it, maybe for years. Then there you are running old code with known exploits. Of course you’re going to get hacked. Although I didn’t enjoy that work, I did love how excited and happy my clients were that their sites were fixed. You can’t measure the misery and anxiety some people feel when stuff goes wrong with their websites. Fixing that, with php and Wordpress no less, was a great feeling. All that is to say that I agree; only adopt plugins you really need with a reputation you’re comfortable with. I think of it a little differently. I'm excited. I love these incremental type systems. I don't want to write C# all the time at all, but I do find myself missing it occasionally. These systems are excellent for easing that pain when a language like C# isn't an option. When a statically typed, compiled language is an option I tend to choose Rust lately just for novelty and curiosity, but it's rare that I have those options. When I don't, I find these tools are a godsend. You don't really lose flexibility at all. You should do some reading about it. I don't mean that like "go educate yourself", more like you might be surprised how fascinating is. I thought for as long as I can remember that it was a term excusing people being awful. Labels for everything. After reading some books about it I was left feeling... A lot of things. It's a little unnerving, extremely nuanced, complicated, and fascinating. I've come to see it more as a description for a mode of being that's actually very important to understand to some extent and to figure into how you understand the world. A label like NPD does it no justice, like any other label for the way a human might behave. I highly recommend giving the idea a chance and thinking about how it might fit into your life. I think it's important not to sensationalize it. In fact, it's probably far more typical and mundane in most instances. I've come to believe it's widespread but generally only acknowledged or recognized in extreme cases. A typical case of the topology only revealing the mountains from among the rolling hills. Rich text editing is one of the harder problems I’ve worked on in software, which seems strange to type but... Absolutely, it’s a hard problem. I think I’ve done other things people would (I know I did) assume were much more difficult, but in recent memories that was definitely one of the biggest pains in the ass I encountered. Come to think of it, I was basically hired to do that one thing because the existing team was struggling with it and it was blocking a launch. I don't interpret that as being upset, just pointing out the stark contrast in solutions and people involved in (ultimately) trying to make a living selling food. This is one of the features I miss most when using other systems. Text navigation and generation are incredibly easy on a Mac (comparatively, for me). It’s a joy to come back to. The work I do lately tends to be missing an sql layer and yes, I miss it a lot. I loved organizing my data at that layer and having such powerful ways to query it. It felt like I could eternally find ways to optimize it, and I really enjoyed learning year after year. Lately I use nosql for very light data and otherwise our API outputs heavily cached and extremely simple data. Adding a database as a middleman wouldn’t make sense. Still fun, but I miss Postgres! Do you actually think hooks are worth dropping? I see the appeal of classes, but I really enjoy hooks too. It was much the same in western Canada 15 years ago for me. Learning the truth after school was genuinely difficult; it didn’t seem real at first. Even the colonization of western Canada had somehow been portrayed to me as positive all my life. The First Nations here were subjected to overt genocide and then protracted, relentless cultural erosion in the form of systemic racism, resource/opportunity control, and the notorious residential school system. Somehow I made it into my late teens before finding out what really happened. My kids are having a better experience, but I’ll have to wait until grade 7 or 8 to see how deep our education system is willing to dig into the atrocities that happened here. So far, at least, the school has been very positive and engaged in learning about and experiencing local First Nations culture. It’s an improvement. > empty arrays to designate behaviour that isn't obvious This drives me a little crazy too. That behaviour can be easily documented by wrapping it in a function with a name that makes sense, but people litter their React code with non-obvious hooks everywhere. You can reduce a lot of boilerplate (why are you writing empty arrays everywhere!?) and improve readability substantially by wrapping the hooks in more composed and idiomatic functions. I think that was along the lines of what was intended for hooks, but I don't see it often. I’d echo that and add that it refreshes my perception of the otherwise mundane. This is extremely helpful in allowing me to reevaluate things, internal or external. I have a bad habit of being too sure of myself, often pessimistically, and I suppose in a way this does reduce depression as the study suggests. I find it lifts weights off, provides more optimism where it was missing and less pessimism where it wasn’t helpful. I’ve also seen it lead to trembling terror and nihilism in others so it’s very much a YMMV kind of thing. For me, the ability to see that interconnectedness between good and bad largely results from a subdued reaction to how those things make me feel. I can think about it more, think about it differently than I normally would, rather than shut it out and carry on. This reflects my experience. The people I work with now use slack exclusively for work and the odd share of more personal items while on vacation/weekend/walk during lunch. We have similar interests so the content is always welcomed. Any important discussion happens offline or on the phone, though. I can’t imagine us using slack for anything outside of trivial, asynchronous messages and events reported by bots. At most other companies I’ve had people message me about salary concerns, unionization, anger towards a manager or CEO, endless banter about anything but work, etc. The main difference was that these places were run by people who really didn’t care about their employees and slack ended up a reflection of that. A lot of upset, frustrated, resentful venting in private channels. If slack didn’t exist, these conversations would have happened some other way. There’s no way everyone could keep sane in a bad work environment without some degree of venting or comradeship. Likewise, my profile suggests I’m active and answering questions as my score steadily climbs, but I haven’t answered anything in a long time. Actually, I’m a little ashamed to admit that my most recent points are for a typescript question I didn’t even answer totally correctly. It explains something useful about typescript, but I didn’t really address the question properly. People still upvote it, perhaps because it explains something people might need to know if they’re asking the original question anyway. I should edit the answer to address that now that I noticed. One of my best answers stands the test of time. It just explains how to optimize images for the web, but explains it fairly agnostically by describing compression techniques and image content and how they combine well (or don’t). Not a lot has changed in that arena since 2010. I would love to help people like I was helped early in my career, but I find SO fairly useless as a platform to do that these days. It doesn’t feel collaborative or constructive when I use it. It’s like a race to get the best answer to avoid throwing insight and knowledge into the void. Not to mention a plethora of other reasons it can be fairly miserable. I tried moderation for a while and I guess that was the final nail in the coffin. I sincerely wanted to get into android development and this is why I didn’t. You’re totally right. I couldn’t tell if I was missing something. How can a major mobile platform (THE major platform?) be such a rats nest to begin developing for? The higher level organization required for an effort like this isn’t comprehensible to me. Like you say, hiring a single person is hard enough... how do you get it right ten thousand times over? This is mission critical stuff, too. Honest question - do companies tend to over hire in scenarios like this, then design with loads to distribute well so if say... 25% of hires don’t work well, the job can still be done? Is that absurd? I used Unity for robotics simulations, and while it was incredible in most ways, it was really heavy. A lot of the scientists involved were working with old computers and the simulator was a little too slow for them. Perhaps I could have optimized better, but I struggled to find ways to do it. Admittedly, their computers were laughably old and terrible. Building $250k robots and working on under-powered laptops from 2010 or so - I never understood it. One of the main obstacles that could have helped a lot was reducing mesh complexity. We were working with models directly from Fusion 360 and the meshes were incredibly dense. No one was comfortable deviating from the original models, so interpolating meshes or even manually reducing polygon counts wasn't an option. There was concern that we'd end up losing important data and create inaccurate simulations. Anyway, it was an incredibly fun project and Unity made it effortless to prototype. It was ultimately built from the ground up using another tool which allowed for much better performance, but Unity allowed us to finish prototyping way, way ahead of schedule. I really believe customer service this effective is worth its weight in gold. I worked on a SaaS product that was essentially a booking engine. Vacations, rentals, tours, b&bs; etc. Their product was complete shit and it was so stressful to work on. Nearly a decade of terrible choices and the wrong technologies stacked up like a card house. The only thing that kept the customers there was the insanely talented and competent customer service. They knew the app inside and out and were able to smooth out the insane number of rough edges for new and old customers alike. When gifts were sent to the company, they were typically sent to customer service. Everyone in CS was paid terribly. It really bothered me. The software team was doing a Bad Job and getting paid well for it, and CS was really saving everyone’s asses. Since then I look at the customer support team a lot differently. You would need some serious clips and line... and maybe a boat as your float. Even other species of tuna that get relatively large look like an absolute life event to spear. There are albacore in the blue waters where I live, and some day I’d absolutely love to drop on a school of those. They get over four feet long! I once had to take antibiotics like crazy for a long time because I had some pain in the ass strep that wouldn’t go away. It was quite the experience. Afterwards, my breath was bizarre smelling, I had these horrible sulphuric burps for months, and I couldn’t digest ANYTHING properly. It was misery. I had such painful gas from indigestion so frequently that eating totally lost its appeal. This stacks up right in my experience. I stay far from antibiotics as a rule, but if you need them, you need them. I hope I never need them again. I was really excited about this until reading about the limitations and performance. Can’t tell if I have unreasonable expectations from a device like this or it’s unnecessarily limited due to limited development resources. In any case, it’s an exciting prospect. Wonderful design, too. I’d love to try one out at least, get a sense of what it’s actually like to use it. Some reviews are pretty terrible for R1, though. This is insanely anecdotal and doesn't hold any scientific integrity, but: I ate a lot of raw, sometimes fermented, vegetables and fruit. Generally high in fibre. I avoided foods I'd need to wash much because I was trying to fill my system with a diversity of bacteria. A bit of dirt was part of the goal. I ate stuff out of my garden, from a little local organic farm, foraged foods like berries and mushrooms, etc. No idea if that's what helped, but I'm totally fine now. Whatever I did before wasn't working, or wasn't working quickly. Once I went to my mostly plant-based "dirty" diet, so to speak, the improvement was rapid. But it didn't happen in isolation, either. I also reduced my intake of animal proteins mostly, which would probably be a significant factor in digestion. Eggs would reduce the presence of sulphuric gases especially. I'm not a believer in pro-biotics (they don't seem to support diversity, which seems essential), but I believe people should eat a lot of diverse bacteria in their foods. Things like wild mushrooms, plants grown in your yard that aren't extensively washed and peeled. Don't cook everything to death. Let some little critters into your system and let them do their thing. Assuming you don't get the particularly bad ones (usually easy to avoid if you know how the food is grown), I can't think of easier ways to introduce the diversity required to properly populate your GI tract. Again though, I have no idea what I'm talking about. I'm just some guy who eats dirty carrots in his yard. Yeah - wow, I can't tell if I admire the entrepreneurial spirit or pity these people for taking such a blatant risk. Numbers where I am are hitting record highs (though they were previously relatively low). I think they meant ‘don’t log in, discover you have access, then browse and take no further action’. You can try to log in, you just need to inform someone immediately if you have access when you shouldn’t. That’s my take anyway. I thought new cars are just new versions of the same old thing, but after extensive shopping around I bought a (very new to me) 2017 Toyota Highlander Limited. Somehow it seats more, fits more, pulls more, drives so much nicer, has heaps of safety features I actually use, and uses less fuel than my previous vehicle. It does everything I want better than anything I’ve had could. It’s very much a ‘have your cake and eat it’ thing for me. I had no idea cars could be this nice. I’ve limped older vehicles along for nearly 20 years now, and... I feel weird saying it, but I love this thing, and I would buy new(ish) again. Cars have changed. I felt like a monkey in a spaceship driving the Highlander for the first time. The 3d view of your surroundings, rear camera you mentioned, cruise with following distances and adjustable speed, blind spot sensors, automated throttle to improve fuel economy, etc. I know a lot of people reading this will think "Yeah but your 'spaceship' has nothing on a tesla and sounds like any car I've been driving for years", but... Like I said, I was limping cars along. My last two vehicles were a '98 and an '03. I was such a "point a to point b, what else could you need?" person, haha. Unknown unknowns and all that, I guess. You're right though, I probably won't be wowed by a new car for another 10 or 15 years. I'm perfectly alright with that! You're right - I guess in that case it would be wise to ask your previous employer to provide proof that you're no longer able to access anything, and no longer liable. Many wouldn't offer that, but I'm not sure how else you could navigate that. Things like this are what I find exciting these days. It says to me that the surrounding universe has a greater presence in our lives than we’d guess, and the implications are huge. How much do we take for granted? How much of the world isn’t originating from the world alone? In a way this seems somewhat obvious, yet, I’d never have guessed that oysters are synchronized with something that seems so distant and external. There’s so much left to learn and understand. I’m not the person you asked, but: It takes a village to raise a child. The older I get, the more I believe that. My children have always benefitted from more external input, I’ve helped many around me by taking care of their children, and people who are LGBTQ have helped me in caring for me children. I didn’t think of it that way at the time, but in the context of your question I would point that out simply to say that children thrive with a community including individuals without their own children. We don’t all need to have children to be relevant. But that doesn’t mean that the people primarily responsible for raising a new generation aren’t doing a difficult job deserving of support, either. I hope as I age and my children become independent, I can help people with their own children even more. It makes a tremendous difference. As a kid I enjoyed games so much that I felt the need to understand and create them. That’s how I started doing this. The craving to pick every detail apart was incredibly gratifying to satiate and actually made it so I got so much more out of the games. It gave me insight into all aspects of creating them, which was more or less my passion and obsession for a very long time. This is the worst thing about my 2017 Highlander. No idea why Toyota thought that infotainment system could compete - it’s pretty terrible. I’ve seen videos of people installing CarPlay compatible head units while maintaining all of the original car features, but it kind of spooks me. I’ll have to build up the courage to make the switch. I agree. I earn something comparable and I'd say I provide far, far less value to any community or even my employer. It gives me the creeps every time I see someone heating up their lunch in an old plastic container. Old dairy containers with snap lids are very common. It must be leaching so much garbage into the food. I can’t tell if that’s phobia due to bad science or these people are actually gradually poisoning themselves. I understand the sentiment to a point, but isn’t it essentially impossible to get diseases from deep sea isopods? If we should be exploring any unknown creatures, deep sea creatures seem relatively safe if you are aiming to avoid transmissible diseases. Maybe I’m wrong. I don’t know much about this stuff. Right, you’d need to be positive that biomass is replacing what’s burned in order to call it neutral. On some drawn out time scales this is practically guaranteed, but in the short term it’s very easy to burn far too much without ensuring replacement occurs at a scale and speed that is sustainable. I suppose you could use byproducts of selective logging where replanting is occurring and actively managed and maintained. Where I’m living there are forests that are quite well managed for lumber such that what’s removed will likely be replaced by the time logging occurs again. Using a similar practice for biomass plants could conceivably be called carbon neutral. I have a feeling it wouldn’t generate nearly enough biomass conveniently or efficiently enough. I don’t know though. It must take incredible amounts of mass to generate useful amounts of energy. This reminds me of something that happened to me the other day. We hired a developer to work with me, and he said he was excited to have a chance to work with a ‘brilliant engineer’ like me. I was at a loss for words and thought about it a lot for a couple days. I almost worried he’d be disappointed to find out how mediocre I am. I came to the same conclusion though, really - I feel like an imposter, and after 15 years or so I probably do seem competent to people with less experience. I’m not a brilliant engineer but yeah, he will probably learn a bit working with me. A lot of us probably need to give ourselves more credit. It’s hard not to think so much about how our work is only possible on the shoulders of giants. I don’t spend enough time thinking about what I can do, and too much thinking about what I can’t. A lot of alarms can be configured to have barriers that prevent you from easily turning them off. The idea is it forces you to mentally engage and wake up a bit. It might be the lock screen, simple or difficult math problems, visual puzzles, etc. Until you solve it, it won’t turn off the alarm. It’s a neat idea until this happens, I guess. I know sharks are a significant predator where I live and in places I’ve seen in documentaries. I’d assume that’s the case around all of the oceans since sharks and octopuses occur together everywhere. I’m not sure if that’s the case in the deep sea, though. I agree with you, but there is no shortage of people who believe the IPCC is no more credible than Thunburg. Asking people to read those reports doesn’t seem to motivate anyone to do so. I often wonder what a valid alternative would be. It’s a hard problem. I personally still love programming and perhaps when my kids are grown I’ll do it more in my spare time again. I agree though. I don’t have a choice but to cram my learning into work. Thankfully I work with an awesome team and we love to experiment, so I learn pretty much weekly if not daily. The learnings are small, but arguably the important parts of programming are in those details. I’m content for now. If I tried to set aside time for programming in my spare time, I’d have to sacrifice 1) time with family 2) time to exercise 3) time to take care of myself away from a screen 3) time to shut off. I want more of all of those, not less. I do have friends without kids who program 10+ hours most days. They love it. I just need another 24 hours in each day, I guess. Likewise, I’m glad to have new priorities. I think what I miss is the progress and freedom to pick what I learn. These days I have to fit in what I can as I’m able to, which isn’t quite as engaging or exciting. At the same time, it’s a lot more sustainable. Wow, Stardock. That brings back memories. Theming my computer was how I learned most of what I knew about graphic design and inadvertently lead to me becoming a developer. I loved those themes so much. What a fun way to kill time as a teenager. I grew up around wood working. Or really all kinds of working of everything from wood to metal to plastics. My dad was handy. I left childhood with a decent understanding of how to build things. After moving out I started to miss it and took a job working an entry level job at a joinery. We made cabinetry, some furniture, doors, windows - even made flooring and custom trim in the mill. It was fun, and I learned a lot that I hadn’t as a kid. I taught myself to program while working there and took a job doing that instead after a few years. I missed it again and began buying tools around 8 years ago. At first I used hand tools only and build small projects. I’d focus on learning techniques at first, and tried to really nail down my understanding of the fundamentals. I learned to select not only the right wood for assorted projects, but how to do so based on factors like species and moisture content. Eventually I had too many kids to have time to be productive with hand tools. I enjoyed the activity, but actually getting projects done became too hard. Since I make things my family uses, I decided to grab a table saw, planer, and jointer. These are sort of the trifecta of woodworking productivity. You can machine milled lumber to spec very quickly and easily. Make a cut list, machine it, cut to length, and start building. My most recent project was a bed frame. Even with nice lumber and quite a bit of it, the project came in around $1800 - at least half of what we were looking at if we ordered it. Other recent projects have been bunk beds, a bench for our home entrance, shoe racks, a toy chest, and a kitchen island. If I was starting over again I’d learn the fundamentals first and then not hesitate to invest in power tools after. Buy used and learn about basic maintenance. I had a sort of purist bent for a while which really just kept me from making stuff me and my family loved. Hand tools are fun, but so hard to work with quickly if you aren’t very skilled with them. I highly recommend the hobby if you’re interested. It’s been a lifelong thing for me. Holding your own work in your hands is very grounding. Solving and working with physical problems is extremely engaging. For me, wood working and gardening are two productive activities that (not joking) really make me feel alive and connected to something. Programming is great, but it doesn’t do that. My next project is a speargun to replace the one I currently dive with. I’m very excited to build it. Your story is a lot like mine! Computer science was so hard to turn away from back then. I don’t think I regret leaving wood working as a career, but I do wonder sometimes. I actually enjoyed it. Except in winter - the shop was always freezing cold, haha. We’d sticker lumber for the kiln in the rain for days or weeks sometimes. Something I was really into before leaving was the CNC machine. I think I could have enjoyed getting to know and using that thing. Very similar experience with Dexedrine here, but that wore off after a week or so. I would indiscriminately DO things, like a ride in lawn mower ghost riding into an overgrown field with a full tank of gas. Was I productive? In a sense. Was I effective? Not as much. I use it occasionally still but with no euphoric, overwhelming empathy or boundless energy to mow the metaphorical fields. It helps me push through brain fog when things just need to be done. I haven’t managed to get past the tooth grinding. I barely feel that I’m on it now, but every single time... I grind my teeth. Even if I feel perfectly relaxed otherwise. Likewise, there is a fine line between my personality and the kind that tends to end up in poverty or dead where I live. I feel like I’m constantly barely clinging to whatever i remains about me that allows me to thrive at all. I don’t act to my best judgement most of the time. This is fascinating to me lately. I didn’t buy into breathing exercises for years, or my entire life really, until recently when a coworker recommended trying Wim Hoff exercises. The idea that breathing should affect my mood or mental function was nonsense. It didn’t seem like it should make much of a difference. He enjoyed it so much and was so excited though, I figured what the hell, I’ll give it a shot. That was a couple months ago and now I do it almost twice a day, daily. My breath holds are well into the 3 minute range and the restful reset it provides me is becoming something I actually look forward to. It’s sort of my ‘okay, time to wake up/sleep’ activity. Get the blood going, get relaxed, get the brain ready. I never would have imagined that simply breathing would make me feel so nice. I don’t have the experience others describe, but it’s a great experience nonetheless. One of the fun features is that you can tell how well it’s working by how much better your breath holds get with each hold. As my body and mind calm and relax, my ability to hold my breath dramatically increases. The times I haven’t been able to calm or relax well due to external factors (kids arguing or loud music for example), my breath hold has tended to be consistent but much shorter. When it works, it really works. Right, I should have clarified that. I don’t buy into any of the oxygen super charging alkalinity stuff - I just value it for the immediate practical effects it has had. I wouldn’t encourage anyone to give it a shot for any reason other than “you’ll probably feel pretty good”. My limited experience doesn't mean much in the big picture, but this comment struck me as funny because one of my few memories of Alberta was seeing two rats chasing and fighting over the lid of a food container. I guess I got lucky. > To the 18 year old David who sat in that lonely computer lab: you fucking did it, dude. You lived that dream. To 37 year old David: Go do it again. I really enjoyed that part. I forget sometimes that my career - what I woke up to do this morning, the reason I'm in this office right now - this was my dream. I should remember that more often. This dream started almost 20 years ago (I'm about the same age as David) and it's easy to forget... I thought this would be impossible once. Well, the odds looked pretty bad at first. I barely scraped by in school, would never enter post secondary school, and at the time was terrible with math and logic. I didn't care about programming specifically though, I cared about what I could create with it. In retrospect, I'm glad I had the attitude and optimism that I did. More on topic, I know of David through his website which, early on on my front end days, was an incredibly helpful resource. I vividly remember figuring out Mootools problems with the help of his articles. Ha, like this: https://davidwalsh.name/namespace-mootools So out of date now, but man, some of his stuff saved my ass when I was thrown into a Mootools-heavy project in 2011-2012 with very little experience with JS. Great memories. Without some constraint for how people review things under the BIFL umbrella, it's hard to trust ratings. Most people don't understand what BIFL means for a certain products because they don't use it frequently, understand its breadth of use cases, understand its construction, etc. Things like knives or cookware require a decent understanding of the materials used, construction process, and potential use cases to really guage if it's BIFL or not in all common contexts. You'll wind up with most people rating it based on two things I think: How long they've personally had it, and how much they like it. You'll also get people adding items like an iPhone because they just like it. But a phone is essentially a disposable electronics device. It doesn't really belong on a BIFL website. Perhaps a series of parameters need to be defined in order to enter a review at all. Try to determine the attributes that comprise a BIFL product and have reviewers define how the product meets these criteria. How is it durable? Why? What is repairable about it? Is it easy to find repair services? How long do you think it would really last for a typical owner? Just trying to help - I'm a major fan of BIFL items, but over the years I find I'm routinely disappointed by what others believe fits in the category. I essentially don't pursue BIFL items on the internet through any social means anymore because it tends to be pretty bogus. Damn, I love this! Sort of a crowd-sourced ifixit for anything broken. It would be hard as hell to get good content, but if you could I think it would be gold. It would be so hard to maintain repair guides with how frequently products update these days. Everything from vacuums to laptops to shoes go through frequent enough revisions that guides might be invalidated often. I went to repair my vacuum last month and discovered most of the guides out there cover an revision which uses a totally different latching mechanism for the door to my intake filter. The doors look identical, but the internal latch works differently. Overall that would have been fine, but I got blocked on the door part because the procedure didn't work and I assumed I was going to break it if I tried something else, haha. Turned out I just needed to push in and slide down. I hear you, I've felt like that at times. Lately I've been thinking I need to make my own dream, so to speak. I want to build something for myself maybe - just enjoy the product of what I've learned and the skills I've developed. I enjoy working with my team and having a job, but I think my next step might be taking a break to just enjoy creating something. I definitely feel that "what's next" question creeping up more often these days. I think that was the original dream in a way too - to learn enough to be able to create the things I imagined. Maybe I'll work part time at regular work and part time on the 'dream', who knows. Like others have mentioned though, there's often a lot to be grateful for in the moment, dreams aside. You know, I actually started this practice recently (more or less - trying to keep track of what has made me happy and what I'm grateful for at night. I miss nights, but I keep at it), and as I wrote that comment I had a thought. I'm not sure I would have reflected so positively or even realized that I'd accomplished a dream of mine if I hadn't been 'practising gratitude' so to speak. It seems to me like it's an important thing to do and believe in. There's so much to be glad about that I've often missed. Granted there's plenty to be unhappy about, but that's too easy and not rewarding at all. Anyone can plainly see what's bad. But to find the good, it's sort of a treasure hunt before bed. What was awesome today? As it turns out, plenty. Maybe even more was bad, but the good parts were still good, and that's enough most days. I've heard people say that rather than focus on goals, focus on systems. Like, one time I set a goal to dead lift 400lbs. I actually did it a couple years later. The stupid thing is I stopped lifting maybe 3 months after that. Lifting 400lbs really meant nothing. Focusing on that goal was pointless. Focusing on the system of getting stronger and healthier would have been far more sensible, because there is no end to it, and there's endless progress to be made. Well, within one's own means - you could lift, swim, climb, whatever. Just enjoy it and push yourself, and you'll probably find more ways to get better at it than you could manage in your lifetime. I've been realizing recently, maybe late in life - I don't know if this is obvious to other people much earlier - that discreet goals don't make much sense in such changeable, open-ended lives. Why aim to save $10,000 when you could aim to maintain the practice of saving 10% of your income - forever? Every month or quarter or year you can look and say hell yes, I hit that goal! Maybe you want to increase it one year. $10k will run out in no time, but a good habit doesn't. Also, maybe saving sums of money isn't really what we need to focus on... Kind of like lifting some arbitrary weight. Maybe what we really want is health and strength, or financial security and independence to allow us to buy the things we want or need. Maybe rather than travelling to a specific location, we want to live in such a way that we can have the opportunity and means to explore and see interesting places. The discreet goals could be a sub-goal of the system perhaps, but probably shouldn't be the focus. I've always had these silly discreet goals and terrible habits to support them. I think, moving forward into my later 30s and beyond, I'll try more to focus on systems over discreet, limited results. No joke. As a teenager I thought of this path as a leap of ill-construed faith (I didn't share the idea with anyone), but didn't really care. I couldn't envision my life even a week in the future, let alone 10 or 15 years. It didn't seem possible that I'd even be alive still. But what the hell, it worked! "You fall to the level of your systems" I really like that! Thanks, I'm going to check this out. Ifixit actually has a pretty stellar site for most common phones - at least, every phone I’ve owned so far. https://www.ifixit.com/Guide I’m realizing now that they’ve actually got way more content than I thought. It isn’t review format, but they rate how difficult different components are to repair on most items which is a step towards what I want. Weird that I thought they only did phones/tablets/computers. I absolutely loved this film, but I wasn’t sure how much was because of its quality or how much was because of how it struck a chord with me personally. I didn’t have an octopus teacher, but the ocean brought so much light to my life in such unexpected ways. It physically and metaphorically swallowed me up. To hear and see another person describe that, the feelings, the visuals of the forests of kelp. In a way I feel as though the ocean saved some part of me, but that almost seemed silly. Then suddenly no, someone to share that with. It somehow made my love and incredible experiences even more real. Free diving is one of the most peaceful and fulfilling things I’ve ever experienced. It has changed so many things about myself and the way I live. Someone else mentioned it was an indulgent documentary, and I agree I guess. I also think that’s kind of inevitable - the experience of immersing yourself in such an engaging, in a sense isolating, peaceful place is quite indulgent on its own. The story is largely focused on a single person doing this thing. But it’s beautiful nonetheless. I really loved it and felt it was a story well worth telling. There’s something about the life in the ocean being so foreign and strange, yet so vital, familiar, and oddly comfortable to be in and around. Some dives I wish I could just stay forever - like that’s where I belong. Nothing can describe the deep realization that the earth is absolutely covered in stunning beauty, so much of it unseen. The story of this octopus to me is like a shining sliver of that. Just a brief but stunning glimpse of something incredible that you’d otherwise never have considered. This principle works with front end development too. Crazy build times on large applications can be alleviated if your approach is to build logic in isolation, then do final testing and fitting in the destination. It’s hard to do this when surrounding code doesn’t accommodate the approach, but it’s great way to design an application if you have the choice. I really love sandboxing features before moving them into the application. Everything from design to testing can be so much faster and fun without the distractions of the build system and the rest of the application. I don’t own one personally, but I use one at the office daily. They sound incredible. I have some google smart speakers and they’re pretty underwhelming in terms of sound. The voice assistant is excellent, though. I’d much prefer the sound of the HomePod but it’s hard to justify the expense when I have something that works fine. If I could do it over, I’d absolutely spend way more for the better audio experience. While I use the assistant for things apart from music, music is still more than 99% of what comes out of that thing. Correct me if I’m wrong, but I believe audio out for Mac still doesn’t support stereo pairing? I think the cult vibe might come from internet sensationalism. He seems fine. He says some weird unscientific stuff, but overall I think he believes in what he’s doing with a good nature about it, and I don’t see how harm can come from what he encourages. He has a very positive message. One thing that compelled me to look into it was how little he seems to want money for his efforts. I mean, he makes money off of his name, but the iOS app for example is well made, helpful, and costs something like $2 CAD for advanced features. Admittedly the features are not exceptionally advanced, but I was expecting a higher price tag. It seemed like a reasonable ‘cover dev costs’ fee. He’s on some podcasts of course, and you can get a decent sense for what he’s like. My creep meter doesn’t go off much with him, personally. For what it’s worth, I’ve been using (and enjoying) wim hof techniques for a while and my assessment is definitely biased. I can see the risk, I agree. I’d compare it to running a marathon though. Not many people’s bodies will allow them to actually endure and accomplish this without them quitting and going somewhere warm. I suppose someone could go into the cold without preparing properly, for sure. There are people who do his breathing technique and breath hold until they pass out too. Again, this is usually not damaging (from what I’ve read) if you’re somewhere safe, but you’re right that people miss the point and end up doing potentially dangerous things as a result. I’ve been at this for 15 years and my team thinks I’m a CSS magician but I agree, I just remember enough stuff to piece the rest together (which I have to look up as I need it). For what it’s worth, I’ve been profiling front end applications for over a decade, and the only time application bundle size was a real problem was very rare. On the other hand, people writing terrible code usually was the problem, and it would have happened with or without react. I think we’d see faster websites more often if developers had worse computers, or they invested more time in testing in resource constrained environments. I really don’t think react (or similar) is the core problem. When it descends it couldn't be any clearer to me, but on a couple ascents I had to guess. I think they want to know how certain people are about the pitch change, but this isn't a great way to determine that - there are too many reasons response times could vary. I thought this was a distracting part of the test and couldn't see what value it would provide in the end. Likewise, closing my eyes was unintentional at first and then I realized it actually helped quite a bit so I kept doing it. Senses, focus, and the dynamics between them are fascinating. I did, but I was years overdue already. I wouldn’t have if I could limp my previous vehicle a little longer. When I went to the various lots in my city, each was very busy and the salesmen were talking a lot about how crazy business had been. It could just be my city, but maybe sales haven’t slowed at all. I remember when those vague blobs were a monumental achievement. It’s very cool to see these kinds of technologies break through and get refined like this. I know where I live most native pollinators are very selective and, as a result, in very small numbers since their habitat doesn’t resemble what it did even 100 years ago. They’re a drop in the bucket compared to what we require... And even if we made enormous efforts to boost their populations, I think they’d largely only pollinate fruit trees. Good question. I should have specified that I was saying that in the context of conventional crops. From what I've read, they don't pollinate many conventional crops but they are drawn to fruit trees. Otherwise mostly native plants which humans don't cultivate for food. In some places I know similar species are actually grown for commercial pollination, so it'll vary from place to place for sure. That’s a nice thought, but their manufacturing process doesn’t seem easy to make more modular. The inside of these machines tends to be an elaborate, compact mesh of components, not well suited to accommodating much customization outside of the specs of perfectly compatible components. I imagine a different keyboard would require space to accommodate both types in any chassis, otherwise making multiple processes for each chassis and keyboard. That gets expensive fast. It also increases surface area for problems, which is expensive in terms of customer support, preparing and fixing processes, reputation, etc. Their limited options are partially to ensure quality, reduce price points, and decrease time to market. It’s a trade off. I’m personally content with their choice - it’s why I tend to stick with their hardware. I could be wrong. This is just my uninformed take on it. I used to have one years ago and it was a real joy to use. They’re pretty incredible machines. Unfortunately I’m not much of a desktop person... although oddly, I’d like to be. I find it hard to give up portability for my main machine though. I’ve sat and ogled the newer iMacs for sure though, and I’m looking forward to seeing where the line goes. I agree. Especially as a developer. Even migrating to a new version of MacOS makes me nervous, let alone new hardware architecture. I’m excited for the future, but I’ll be late to get there. I had severe sciatica from ages 25-30 and it was like another lifetime. I don’t know where it came from or where it went, but that was a remarkably worse period of my life. Reflecting on it I wish I wasn’t dragged down so much. But in all honesty I think I’d handle it even worse now. It was agonizing at times. I remember laying on the floor squirming in pain, no idea what to do. Hours of it. Thinking about it makes me a little anxious. I should be more grateful that I’m healthy again. This was my take as well. Over 850% growth is huge and I couldn’t find clear data, then other data they’re presenting doesn’t seem very high quality either. The only thing I actively did that coincided with getting better was that I started lifting weights. I had a shoulder injury at the time too, and just... tried to take a holistic and engaged approach to building my health. I don’t like to encourage people with back problems to do what I did because it just as easily could have gone south. All I knew was that when I did deadlifts or squats I would get this fleeting relief from the pain and I’d gain mobility back for hours. I also reduced my running. I ran a lot at the time. I had sciatic pain before the running too, but it seems running never helped it. Perhaps only made it worse. I also tried to do more yoga. Yoga was hard because it was never rewarding, always excruciating. However I had a sense in the moment that I wasn’t harming myself and that the pain was the gain variety. It was just intuition. I really believe movement is healing, or trying to strengthen yourself. Something I wish I’d done at the time was stop drinking. I don’t think alcohol helps any. It’s appealing though because anything to take the edge off is hard to resist... I actually drank quite a bit through that pain. Maybe not by some standards, but by mine, far too much. When you have an inflammation problem though I think alcohol is the last thing you need to add to your diet. Anyway, if you can handle it, maybe some light compound weight lifting is worth investigating. Or yoga. Look into sitting bends and twists - they’re very easy to learn and ease into, and very unlikely to harm you. Throw on a podcast and commit to a few weeks of trying maybe. It’s such a hard problem to navigate and find solutions for. In any case, I wish you luck. I really wish I had good advice for you. I had this discussion recently in a pull request - the reviewer wanted to know why I was using both null and undefined. Like several people have mentioned, it’s useful in JavaScript in particular to indicate known unknowns as null and unknown unknowns as undefined. Since it was a good question though I actually spent quite a bit of time and energy analyzing this and trying to figure out if my choice still made sense to me. It’s somewhat reassuring to see these comments here because at the time, I couldn’t deny that my solution isn’t ideal. At the same time, I know that favouring a less explicit approach to describing empty values is inevitably even more confusing - there has to be some way to indicate why something is empty. It’s still hard to program with a solution you know isn’t ideal... I really wanted a better answer or to find a better way forward with the reviewer, but in JS land it seems like an unfortunate but viable way to work. I’ve personally never thought I was doing functional programming with React. I think of it more like borrowing from the functional programming paradigm to gain better control over state and corresponding UI behaviours and appearances, at least where it’s useful to do so, and otherwise it’s not very functional at all. It feels like a very borrowed term. There is heaps of non functional programming involved in React code bases. I personally haven’t worked on a software team not using containers in around 8 years. One place was kind of an exception - containerization was on the road map, but not in use in production yet. They’re everywhere. I’ve deployed 3 containerized services in the last 6 weeks - 2 using Go and 1 using Node. They’re kind of the default these days, especially when deploying to AWS/GC. I assume it must be similar to some degree for a lot of developers here.