Respectfully, what is the benefit to recording your notes and ideas on paper, and using paper at interviews, instead of using txt files in the dropbox folder of the always-connected smartphone in your pocket? The 'Pi itself is exciting, but more exciting will be seeing what everyone makes with them. I hope to read your posts about what you've built! Looking at the comments to their FAQ - http://www.raspberrypi.org/faqs#comment-3239 - reselling devices based on the Raspberry Pi is OK. Instead of just complaining about the problem, let's help ourselves to read it and support non-paywalling sources. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-02-20/32-000-year-old-pla... Not sure about the average investor, but some people believe the Google Chef contributed to their early days. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3223595 I'm used to upgrading processors and other components every 2 years or so. The nature of the physical device space we're entering means now we have to replace the screen and plastic case every 2 years as well. And the app can pop up on the Amazon market or other markets, not to mention that you can download and install .apk files directly to your Android. The apk you are looking for is One Bus Away. It does this for Seattle only. When I heard Reddit planning to build a low-orbit network, I realized they were going to build the "outernet". This is another stab in the same direction, and I would be surprised if the 2 forces didn't join. This airborne/orbital network, combined with the "innernet" TOR, will allow for the future of the unregulated internet. The original internet will become the walled garden that half of humanity wants to live within. Those of us in the other half will have our free innernet and outernet. HTC is adding the Beats DSP, Dropbox integration, a streaming music service, and LogMeIn remote phone access to Sense. I'm not a professional chef, I'm a sysadmin. Cooking isn't part of my job description. I don't want to be forced to eat food prepared by people who don't have food handlers' cards, and I don't want my coworkers to feel hurt because I don't want to eat what they cooked and left in their car. Want to improve morale and do teambuilding? Get a cater, or go somewhere for lunch. Are you proposing TPB creates an Android app to host their magnet links, from a phone attached to a Romotive, broadcasting wifi, powered by several means (induction, solar, etc)? The biggest issue I see is random hackers ordering a taco then putting a "TPB Transponder[1]" on several of these. The tacocopter then does double duty as an airborne server. [1] Theoretical easy-to-deploy Android or Raspberry Pi-sized wifi-broadcasting device, to broadcast TPB magnet links. "in fact, if someone else DOES stumble on it by accident, it should be considered de facto evidence that the patent isn't novel." You have industry support for this idea: “The idea that I can be presented with a problem, set out to logically solve it with the tools at hand, and wind up with a program that could not be legally used because someone else followed the same logical steps some years ago and filed for a patent on it is horrifying.” ― John Carmack I went paperless in college a few years ago. The most difficult part was transitioning - scanning mountains of documents and several books takes hours and days, even with a fast PC and very good scanner. College was an uphill battle to remain paperless, as classes bombard one with paper schoolwork, documentation, handouts, notes, etc. Since you aren't looking to completely remove paper from your life, it should be a much easier transition. You would rather nag and hassle your forgetful friends to pay you back, instead of sending them a little message with an easy-to-pay link? The window for Desktop Linux has closed. The age of the desktop is ending; smartphones and tablets satisfy the computing needs of many people, and more app markets and low-cost devices will only increase this. Non-paywalled article: http://mobile.seattletimes.com/story/today/2017878041 This sounds like typical business and economics in action. One company is selling a comparable product for less than their competitor. What's the story here? Piracy addicts are less likely to steal physical items which can be fenced to feed their piracy addiction. I was going to make this exact post. I realized that: 1. a lot of this is handled by APIs 2. we still have to deal with hardware issues, such as having the correct video driver and a correctly configured OS to play non-casual videogames. Some programs refuse to work with certain hardware, like Dungeon Master 2 not running with Creative sound cards. A troll or something near Mount Rainier: http://maps.google.com/maps?q=47.04299,-122.051239&hl=en... In the US, each state hosts its own lottery program. Mega Millions and Powerball are programs where states have teamed up to pool their resources and gambling markets. I've sold Washington State's "lotto" tickets, and you're entirely correct about the reliability of the system - if the device can't connect to servers in Olympia, tickets can't be sold. CCTV is up to the retailers here, though it's entirely possible that CCTV is a requirement to be an eligible lottery vendor. Who decides what religion is? Who decides what speech is? Who decides who the press are? Who determines peaceful assembly vs riotous mob behavior? Who determines the processes by which we can petition our government and the process' effectiveness? At best, these are all still grey areas we've been trying to nail down since before these words were written. Will he fight the conversion of ingame currency to real-world currency, or will he take the Second Life route? So exciting! Will players have to maintain multiple accounts just to remain competitive, as in EVE? Someone will have to make and sell a 16-bit "minesweeper" to play while mining. What will the first computer virus do? Will there be "actual" viruses? Can we convince Notch to let our characters get Space Flu? Can it please be "EVE-craft"? If it were just "Minecraft in space" on the EVE scope? Go mine iron to craft parts for your spaceship! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/5_Whys Wholeheartedly agreed. We've gone from killing each other over hair and skin color, to arguing about them in committee. What would it take for the average i5 or i7 to virtualize a 16bit processor? Could it run on a separate thread from the main game? Could you run part of your MMO server work as a distributed-computing setup on client PCs? (but how would you get that working in real time?) Maybe the players that are online at a particular time could be doing some of the extra processing - the game client could run 1 or 2 extra 16-bit virtualizers in the background, along with the virtualizer for the player's own 16-bit cpu and the game thread. So 4 threads running on 4 separate cores. Open Signal Maps allows you to find your cell tower on a Google Map. I believe it gives you that information too. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.staircase3... This would be a good foreword to an introduction to computer messaging security, for those who are unaware of encryption or proxies. It may be too basic for most users of this site to find it useful. This article is very light on details; the list of the top 20, and the contributions that got Microsoft on the list, are not presented. The included video is a shiny animation on how contributing to a FOSS project works. The unhelpful answer is that this is an unfortunate possibility when building your business on top of another business. IANAL; have you looked down any legal avenues? Reminds me of the "Replicators" from Stargate SG1 - small modular blocks that magnetically join to form robots of varying size and ability. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Replicator_(Stargate) > "No car manufacturer may send a car without a seatbelt into the streets. And if this happens, the company will be held liable for any damage. These rules must also apply in the virtual world" she added. The difference here is who the law applies to. This is more like arresting people with the tools to remove airbags from cars. True, carrying lock-picking tools is illegal in many places, but the act of picking locks isn't always illegal when performed by a locksmith. Tablets and phones currently have very good passive touchscreens. The problem with using syluses (stylii?) is these touchscreens really weren't designed for them. Adding an active touchscreen would probably remediate these issues, but maybe that would make phones too big, and reduce battery life. Active styluses pick up and refocus radiation from the screen, powered in a similar way to RFID chips. Maybe instead of providing input through the touchscreen, the stylus could have a tiny digital camera on its tip, detecting which pixel the stylus is on, and sending that info to the phone through Bluetooth or another means? Perhaps the algorithms that handle touchscreen input are not properly calibrated to styluses, and an app or driver could make them operate more accurately? ------- The best stylus experience I've used has been a Wacom dual active/passive screen on an HP tablet/laptop convertible. I had a nearly identical laptop with a passive-only touchscreen, adding the active touchscreen made all of the difference. On Windows 7 in Word, taking notes in economics and college math courses worked pretty well - I could type and take notes, then draw equations and graphs directly with the ink and review tools in Word. The use case was so valuable to me that I'm surprised nobody else did this, and other Office suites don't seem to offer anything even remotely similar. You're in a rough spot in your life. You have my sympathies. Your situation won't change overnight, but you can begin by finding a low-skill job that will pay for your basic needs (food and shelter) while you use free internet in libraries or from neighbors to put your code on github and other places. If you enjoy coding, start creating projects. Then start completing projects. Consider one of the million "fart" apps: the app itself is far from glamorous, but the person who wrote it has gained experience in (1) writing an app, (2) completing an app, (3) getting the app into an app market. If you keep doing that, and have 5-20 apps on a market, even if none of them are very popular, it looks a LOT like experience. IANAL, but it sounds like Facebook's own TOS require them to close the account of users who have given away their password, whether to an employer, spouse, friend, or anyone else. Obviously Facebook would be killing its' advertising profits with that course of action, given the number of accounts that would purportedly need to be closed. Asking for access to a prospective employee's Facebook seems like asking for access to their car trunk or their home bathroom. Why don't companies try this? Is your Facebook account your personal property? What about your information after you've placed it on Facebook? Yes, that is the money! The stylus looks exactly like the stylus from the HP tx2500 I owned. I don't actually know how large Wacom's technology is nor how much power it draws - I assumed phone manufacturers weren't including the best touchscreen technology for a good reason. Converting TOR packets into Skype-shaped UDP packets is an interesting idea. What does this do to latency? (isn't it a bad idea in general to run TCP over UDP?) Now that everyone will be eyeing Skype packets even more closely, which Internet services will TOR mimic next? It's good to see Notch working on the Little Coder problem, even if that's not his direct intention. :) The novelness lies in the lack of polish. People who work in advertising like ads, and well-polished ads are more pleasing to their eyes. To the rest of us, advertisements are used as something we don't want to see, but are willing to see, in order to see something we DO want to see. Many of us can pick out the disparity between the polished, targeted ads and the less-focused content it intersperses. Exactly. How much of your time is $10 worth? You can get 50gb a month for that. http://www.udel.edu/udaily/2012/apr/solar-reactor-040312.htm... "The reactor, which resembles a large cylinder, is comprised of layers of advanced, ultra-high temperature insulation and ceramic materials. It measures roughly 2 feet by 3 feet and weighs a hefty 1,750 pounds. The conical geometry of the reactor’ design uses gravity to feed zinc oxide powder (the reactant) into the system through 15 hoppers.." (From TFA) "...where it converts to a zinc vapor. At that point the vapor is reacted with water separately, which in turn produces hydrogen." (Linked article) "During testing, light concentrated to simulate the energy of 10,000 suns will be focused down into the reactor, sending the temperature within soaring to over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit, nearly one-third the temperature of the sun’s surface." ... One interesting feature of the reactor is that, in theory, the zinc oxide byproduct created during the reaction will be re-usable, making the project self-sustaining." This is a ceramic furnace as large as a washing machine, as heavy as a Honda Civic, that needs to be 6 times hotter inside than their home stove/oven/range, and the fuel (ZnO) is safe to eat in small quantities (breakfast cereal) but is toxic(?) to breathe. I'm having trouble seeing why it would take long for a startup to start baking the clay for one of these in every home. Exactly. Remember the 64kb video demos from 2004? http://www.theproduct.de/ While the goal of the project was to create a 100% renewable energy source based on sunlight, another energy source could probably be used. So the concern here is that crowdfunding sites will allow scammers to sell shares of nonexistant companies to average people? It sounds like the biggest worry is that us "average" earners (under 100k annual income or net worth) have never purchased corporate shares, and are more likely to get scammed. This is based on a report from the 1970s, and it assumes continued population growth. We've been watching our population growth decline for years, and now we're seeing human energy usage begin to decline as well from economies of energy efficiency. How would you feel about sleeping on a sunken bed, which would be under a removable section of floor during the day? The influence of the mainstream media is waning. All they do is gather information into a centralized location, editorialize, and distribute the information. How much longer will people listen to them instead of their friends on Twitter? This is a short review of 4 touchscreen PCs (Samsung Series 7 Slate, Lenovo X220 Tablet Convertible, Sony Vaio L Series all-in-one, HP Touchsmart 610) running Windows 8. The included photos are merely art and have no coordination with the article. What's this VPPA? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_Privacy_Protection_Act The Video Privacy Protection Act (VPPA) was a bill passed by the United States Congress in 1988. Congress passed the VPPA after Robert Bork's video rental history was published during his Supreme Court nomination. It makes any "video tape service provider" that discloses rental information outside the ordinary course of business liable for up to $2500 in actual damages. (Covers DVD rentals too, and apparently paid-for streaming content.) Wow, never heard of that law before... TFA may be too specific for the interests of this audience. Thanks for documenting this with good screenshots. All Sharepoint Online users have to be authenticated, and using one logon for more than one user isn't allowed. You might have more luck with the free Sharepoint Foundation server. Sorry, but I'm not interested in putting my GV creds into a website I haven't seen before and trust it to configure my Outlook. We draw our names in functionally illegible ways on legal documents as authentication, even though we've known it's a broken system for hundreds of years. Part of the problem is that checks became "free" some years ago but all other alternatives charge fees. Rent is one of the biggest demands for checks, as most landlords don't want to pay Visa or Mastercard (or Paypal or Square or Mint) a percentage of thousands of dollars a month. Or go the DIY route and paint over or sand off the letters on your $5 keyboard :D Strangely this reads like an advertisement. The author begins by describing his mobile-contract insecurities, then brings up bad customer service he's endured. The article continues to state that all mobile carriers have equally bad customer service, and wraps up with a shining review of the only company deemed to be different. Doping is the intentional adding of impurities. Maybe phosphorous could be added among the carbon molecules in the diamond, similar to how silicon is doped with phosphorous to make a better semiconductor. Maybe nitrogen or oxygen would be a better choice, for the similarity in molecule size - they wouldn't disrupt the diamond's carbon lattice structure as much. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N-type_semiconductor Thanks for the clarification. Maybe I'm too used to being just a number to my phone company, like a form of learned helplessness. Signature forging has been an ignored issue for ages. In the US, most banks will subsidize the $15-ish for a box of checks out of the interest earned from the money in your account. Likewise, paying the payee is also subsidized by the interest you don't receive. So Americans see checks as a way to move money without fees. Check fraud is still a big issue, and I'm very surprised that no other payment processing company has figured out how to hide fees from customers in unpaid interest. You're right it wouldn't I can't downvote yet, but upvoting something because I was trying to scroll irks me. How many developers are willing to create and upload 3 different versions of their app? I seem to remember reading a thread here on HN complaining about that... Would Apple allow an app maker to release their app for only newer iPads and iPhones, and not for the older devices? (I have no idea...) For some people, it's "another CPU I can write a compiler for". For others, we love playing Minecraft and are excited for Notch's next game. Still other people are intrigued by the complex gameplay Notch has described and have confidence from the success of Minecraft. And others will find it evidence of the further sub-redditing of HN. I was looking for Microsoft's Office 365 logo by searching on "We're all in" Bing couldn't find it. Google had it as the first result. shrug Greyhound is cheaper and faster from Seattle to LA than Amtrak. Greyhound is cheaper and faster from Seattle to LA than Amtrak. TFA is basically telling us that the route to success in life is to turn off one's home internet service so he or she could live as Americans did in 1985; purporting that way of life to be superior in some way because the occupations of time used several physical items instead of just a computing device. . If you want to read a book, you take a book, open it, and begin reading. . If you're still having trouble reading it, maybe you don't actually want to read it as much as you are telling yourself you do. Be honest with yourself, listen to yourself, and don't force yourself to be something you're not. If you can't find some psychological lever to help you begin learning to code, or learn French, or to stop playing WOW - something important in your life which makes you want to do this - maybe you should step back and reexamine your life and priorities. . Reading a book shouldn't drain one's willpower; if it is you're doing it wrong. Vulture Capitalism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Running_gag You make a great point: Mobile carriers could differentiate themselves from other wireless providers (such as Clearwire in the US) or from each other, by accelerating VOIP traffic instead of degrading it. HTTP degradation could automatically adjust on an overloaded node to make room for VOIP. Imagine NASCAR with these batteries - Cars covered in solar panels. Drivers carefully timing their recharge pitstops to keep their weight down. Every fan in the stands has a big reflector to reflect sunlight at their favorite car. >Interested in writing a book, indeed... The author makes a big point about NEW hardware being dumped, but fails to deliver. This looks like numerous companies bought HP hardware over the past 10 years, and have been tossing it here as they upgrade. The HP drives look older to me - one is a 146GB 10K Fibre-channel drive that Amazon doesn't sell anymore. One of the labels shows "Tested Jul '05". The other is a 72GB 15k Wide Ultra320 SCSI. The monitor is a 14.1" WXGA, which looks to max out at 1366x768. The label shows "Date of receipt: 10-May-10" The crop of the 3rd barcode is very blurry, I couldn't figure out what was in it. Apparently they're supposed to be Samsung-branded, but the box isn't branded at all. (other than mentioning Korean assembly) The next 2 images are really trying hard - one is the AMD-labelled PCB for an AMD/ATI Radeon, and the other is its ATI-branded heatsink. The author tries to grow his list of offending brands by including both of this company's brands. You can find one for sale on Ebay. ( http://www.ebay.com/itm/ATI-Radeon-Graphics-Card-Model-B403-... ) Apparently Panasonic Aviation is part of Panasonic. ( http://www.mascorp.com/ ) Still, the pink label in the photo notes the manufacture date as "28 Feb 06". Our society will crumble due to porn, because easy access to satiation has rewired the male brain to be addicted to quick arousal, to binge and purge, to be numb to pleasure, eventually leading to an erosion of willpower. We can prove this by comparing brain scans of people addicted to various things, noting that porn watchers were among them. Additionally, ED has become an increasing issue not due to increasing obesity or health problems, but a numbed brain. Here are a few comments from people with addictive personalities about how purging porn from their life has made them feel better. Oh, and ED only happens in houses with high-speed internet. How would Coca-Cola respond to a writer asking about all their cans in landfills? How morally responsible should a company be for what their customers do with purchased merchandise? Washington State offers free e-cycling: http://www.ecy.wa.gov/programs/swfa/eproductrecycle/ I'd add Weighty Words - fun stories that make large words like "abasement" and "ingratiate" accessible to 12-year olds http://www.amazon.com/Weighty-Word-Book-Paul-Levitt/dp/08263... Does anyone else get the "Access Restricted: you're botnet infected" page? Running virus scan... sigh This app looks to be a must-have for those paranoid about EM radiation causing cancer. The rest of us can sleep easy knowing nobody's yet been diagnosed with EM-caused cancer. The Cnet article has actual references to the rumor origins: http://news.cnet.com/8301-10805_3-57422061-75/is-microsofts-... ------- Edit: The rumors seem to be the confluence of a few data points: 1. Microsoft just sold 750 AOL patents to Facebook. 2. Microsoft execs contacted Facebook last year about buying Bing. 3. Yahoo is rumored to be negotiating a switch from Bing to Google. [1] [1] http://blog.ineedhits.com/search-news/rumours-surface-that-y... If you have to ask, then the answer is no. If you know the answer is yes, then the answer is yes. The news media is obviously trying to fan the controversy, as that's their business model. Hopefully the almost-visible flickering in movies at theaters will disappear when we switch to higher framerates. "You can not get a more genuine, realistic viewing experience than this unless you are watching a performance live," wrote About.com's Rebecca Murray, though she noted that it takes your eyes a moment to adjust. "You're right there and it's breathtaking," noted Hollywood Elsewhere's Jeff Wells. "No strobing, no flickering, pure fluidity and much more density of information...It's the best 3D I've ever seen and probably ever will see in my life. 48 fps 3D is so much easier on your eyes than 24 fps 3D." http://www.eonline.com/news/hobbit_controversy_peter_jackson... This article isn't really about how demand Nokia's hardware has dropped. This article is really about how Samsung broke into the mobile device hardware market by building everyone else's phones (iPhone, Androids, Windows phones, etc) while Nokia was focusing on Symbian and inertia. The future is awesome. Another company, Z Corp, has youtube videos of their machine scanning and reproducing a crescent wrench, complete with moving parts. Could a future car be assembled completely from printable parts, whose blueprints are open-source? What about bicycles and office chairs? Who wants to start a business researching which objects would be cheaper to 3d print than to get from a wholesaler, then build a retail operation around it? "While industry groups claim cell phones are safe, not all cell phones emit the same about of RF when in use." These statements aren't mutually exclusive. This article depends on you assuming they are. It IS legal to film a movie played at a drive-in theater if you can see it from your house. If your neighbor leaves an opened piece of mail by a window, are you allowed to read it? Cute. The email is from 2003. The article is from 2008. Serious? That's a good list to introduce accounting, managerial accounting, and financial accounting. ----- You could write about more entrepreneurship topics: Salary negotiation and valuating yourself. Sunk costs and how to walk away from a bad decision. Understanding stock options as a prospective employee. Understanding venture capital investing from the VC perspective. Different types of business entities and their benefits (sole proprietorship, s-corp, etc). Advantages of incorporating in certain states or countries (like Delaware) and disadvantages (like Megaupload). The video shows a functional crescent wrench. This is clearly HP's answer to Z Corp's popular video. The video mentions a price of €12,500 ($16,500?), and it looks like 2 units - 1 to print items and 1 to clean off excess material added in the first step. The first is the size of a college fridge, the other is as big as a laser printer. (Just guessing, sorry I can't read German) Could the Cube be used to make replacement filament cartridges for itself? No, the 2d printer can't print 3d objects. The time you put in is a sunk cost & you can't get it back, so don't feel bad about it . You can either outcompete your competitor, or you can pivot into a new method on the same idea. What happened to the "pattern of lights" that would temporarily disable the iPhone camera? For concerts etc. Since corporations are people, can robots be people as well? I welcome the well-tested, never-tiring, unimpaired, highly predictable, self-driving AIs! :-) No more drunk drivers, no more mothers dealing with their kids while driving, city buses whose drivers don't need breaks, rental cars that drive themselves from their lot to your house (they pick you up instead of you picking them up), 100% automated home food/parcel delivery, etc. The future is awesome. What still mystifies me is how large grocery stores, like Safeway, Albertson's, Kroger, etc can afford to pay 100% medical care for their employees. I was a Safeway employee (and begrudging UFCW member) from 1998-2007, and received 100% paid for medical, dental, vision, and other care merely for working more than 20 hours a month . For family care, employees merely must work more than 30 hours a month . 6 years ago, Safeway's CEO announced they would be requiring preventative care and physicals to cut medical costs: http://www.yalemedlaw.com/2008/11/the-safeway-effect/ After completing college, I've found that the 4 companies I've worked for (mid-level IT for fortune 50 financial/tech companies) claimed they couldn't afford to pay for any medical care. Instead, they reminded us how much compensation they were already providing. Why are grocery stores able to pay for this when nobody else will? So corporations are slaves? And yet they can somehow pay for 100% medical care when nobody else can? It was my first project! Nothing big really, just a little 1 MB windows form in VB that streamlines making an internal template. Still, it's exciting to make something my coworkers appreciate. (I don't have it anywhere to share, and since it's VB I'd be a bit ashamed to, sorry) Carmack probably read the Anandtech article (from 2009) on this topic: http://www.anandtech.com/print/2803 So the short answer is: it takes that long to go through all of the processors (input controller/keyb/mouse, usb, cpu, processing latency, gpu, more processing latency, RAMDAC/digital output, LCD pre-processing, LCD output, LCD post-processing, pixel transistor) He doesn't mention using "game mode" on that display - maybe it doesn't have one. Game mode is supposed to minimize pre- and post-processing to minimize LCD latency, exactly for this reason. Also note it takes about that long for signals to hit your eye, go through your brain, hit a switch that fires an action, that signal to travel down your arm and back into your finger ~ 113ms. (How does that line up with 100ms game tick cycles? I don't know.) This agrees with Anand's results - with vsync disabled and very fast input processing, you could have about 17ms for transmission from the video card (in the video cable ), another 17ms for processing, and 4ms more for LCD response, giving the ~40ms that 10 frames would give. (1/240 sec = .075/18 = .0041667 sec = 4.1667 ms) The rumor I've heard is that some of these sites, like extremetech (and physorg and sciencedaily and pandodaily) use bots to auto-submit everything. The assumption I'd make about the rest is that they hire college students to pretend they're bots that auto-submit everything. Basically, if LivingSocial IS having the same internal issues as Groupon, we aren't seeing them because LS is still privately held. Are there other warning signs to look out for? Do they publish their customer or client satisfaction numbers? Very slick, nice video, and nice rendering on the final product. This reminds me of videogame demo videos which don't show actual gameplay. The lack of extra info on their main page is annoying. In what format will the data output? Can you save in common CAD formats? Will you easily be able to create the fly-throughs shown in the video? Will you be able to record those fly-throughs and send them to others? ---- For the record, digital measuring systems have been out for some time. Etemplate was featured on This Old House several years ago. http://www.etemplatesystem.com/ The solution is simple: an optical trackball. The HTC Incredible has one. So do Blackberrys. It does exactly what the OP is asking for. That's really commendable. It'll be easy to bore the kids with tons of details about variables, loops, and structures. At-risk kids are usually less curious and more interested in usefulness (I think). First, get their attention by giving them the fastest route to a simple working program. Basically just show them that they can make programs that can be useful, then help them build by being a local expert. You can teach variables, loops, structures as your students need them to make their programs work correctly - that way they'll have a good reason to want to learn. That's a really cool optical illusion. It's similar to watching car tires on TV, where sometimes the rim spokes look to be spinning in reverse while the car travels at highway speeds. They didn't look particularly ironic to you? For me at least, the "fail early, fail often" philosophy builds up the emotional scars to get over being emotionally vulnerable. Secondly: so what if that guy doesn't like the bunch of words I typed into an IDE. If he's not going to help me make software he likes, he's wasting my time. but in the end, the main question for the court will be whether or not Samsung has used all of these elements in a way that's likely to confuse consumers about what they're buying. How can consumers be confused about what they're buying? Even if their software appears similar, one device has a large Apple logo on the back and is sold almost entirely through a different retail chain. It's totally common to see the defendant and his lawyer sealed out of their own case. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3910348 http://xkcd.com/927/ http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3931368 http://www.codenow.com/ The site wants you to enter your email and request an invite. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3931114 One of the first industries currently being disrupted by the Internet was societal governance. We see it happening more slowly than any other industry because the "Governmental clock" ticks much more slowly than any other industry. If the power lines to the processor were not connected, then what leakage was powering it? Was it running only off the minimal electricity transmitted when data was moved into/out of the processor? One of my college professors discussed the business strategy in keeping iPods locked-in to Apple PCs at first, and later opening the device up to Windows users. Early adopters were buying a device that wouldn't work with their current PCs, and many ambivalent Windows users started buying Macs. They didn't see it this way, but they bought into the Apple ecosystem. For many people, longer they live in the Apple ecosystem, the more difficult it is to leave - your non-Apple device looks different, feels different, acts different[1], and won't dock in music players or anything else, and needs a different charging/data cable. It's an eyesore like having a yellow door on your black car. For the large fraction of the population that values image, this is unacceptable, and Windows is equivalent OSX for most computing needs. The iPod served to funnel this group into this ecosystem. After they had acquired most of the users who would willingly switch, Apple removed the lock-in to allow more users to purchase their device. This allowed both device and software (app+MP3) sales to continue to people less willing to switch from Windows. In effect, it's also time-delayed way of creating different price points - early adopters had to pay extra to purchase a Mac, but later adopters saved that money. [1]Unless it's a Samsung Galaxy Nexus? $1000 isn't a lot - in many parts of the US it will cover about 1 month of rent. Try to save more money from your day job, and work on your project at night and on weekends, whenever you can. At some point, you'll decide to launch, and it may possibly become a reliable income source. May I leapfrog off your question: If your employment contract states "any software you write, on or off the clock, is property of the employer", how would one launch under that restriction? How is your life different now than it was during your 2 years at university? How long ago were those 2 years - a couple years ago, or more than a decade? Most universities like to talk about the rule-of-thumb of 2 hours study per hour of instruction. Full course loads are 12-18 hours of instruction per week in this part of the world, so the university would like you to spend 24-36 hours per week studying. In reality, study time may be 30-90 minutes usually, and 2-3 hours once or twice per quarter; this means 6-18 hours of study most weeks, and 24-54 hours during finals. To break it down: Sleeping - 56 hours Working - 40 hours Instruction - 15 hours Study - 15 hours Transportation - 20 hours (1 hour to work and 1 hour to return home, 1 hour to and 1 hour from university, including buffer for leaving late or being stuck in traffic * 5 days a week) ----------------------- Total - 146 hours 1 week - 168 hours Surplus - 22 hours During finals, you would have no time. Even people who really enjoy college find a schedule like this almost impossible to keep. Essentially, this is an artist directly listening to his audience, and working with them to create art. This is a new way of storytelling in the sense that Agile practices are a new way of running a software company. The underlying idea is the same, (tell a story / write software) but iteration is much faster and output is tightly coupled to input. They don't require you to login before voting? Many sites with voting or upvoting require login specifically to prevent frauds. Will we soon see legislation restricting industrial control computers from having internet connectivity? True, but sneakernet protocols are more difficult to navigate and hack than any NAT. Why leave that attack surface exposed? So that's already happened here? This is just a publicity stunt for this company. It's an ad. "Oh hey look, we have patent trolls using our product" You definitely showed all of us that your moral compass is tightly bound to the law. Instead of telling this despicable customer to leave, you gave him the grand tour. Your blog post could have been an explanation of your reasoning and moral outrage, making you look better while providing transparency for your customers to trust. Sorry if it's just my tired brain not getting it. What was the solution they were looking for? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3957347 Congrats. It only took him 12 years. One of the "secrets" is that all the above-ground space is already within someone's jurisdiction ;) Why is the system limited to 5 solar panels? Is there a reason I would not be able to purchase 25 of these and put them on the deck I don't have? Their site looks like they could use a little design assistance: http://spinrayenergy.com/ Their "Product Specs/Data" page is a 404. In short, Apple is becoming an MNVO. With Mobile Network Virtual Operators, you don't know which carrier your connection is actually going over. Apple is signaling to the rest of us that the "dumb pipe" future which carriers are facing is quickly approaching. None of us will care who provides the future 4G/5G/6G connection; we'll just go with the cheapest carrier at the time. Apple here is just streamlining this process so their customers won't have to waste their time and money figuring it out, and they probably won't be alone in offering this type of service to the public. --- Edit: The article makes a big deal about not being able to remove the SIM card from your phone. CDMA phones have never had SIM cards - to switch phones with Verizon or Sprint, you have to update which MEID or IMEI (number from the phone) is attached to your account. For many years, we were locked into brand-only phones because they were the only ones in the "allowed" database. One example from history (railroad spike through the head in 1848); https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Phineas_Gage It said "a" I typed "a" It still said "a" I didn't know what to do, so I left. Could the lesson plans be open-sourced? Some sites have bots auto-submit all of their articles to HN. I don't know if PG alters his algorithm in response to this. Your page doesn't provide much from your book, then tells me to either pay up or feel guilty. Can we maybe get a preview of the first 5 pages without being made to feel like bad people? Nitpick: Speech their language should be Speak their language Get into incumbators should be Get into incubators Sorry, I didn't realize that. Perhaps we can have a preview of just the first page? Only to get a sample of what we'd be buying. Find a completely different set of problems that you also enjoy working on. Find a hobby that occupies your mind as much as your work, but is quite different from your work. Maybe start learning about quantum entanglement or the WH40k Space Marines backstory. Or you could turn to drinking :) This is EXACTLY how I feel about life. ...and powered back up after the move, again consuming power and internal network (if not external), as well as running up the MTBF counter on consumable hardware like HDDs, RAM, controller batteries, power supplies, etc. You make a very good point. http://www.wiebetech.com/products/HotPlug.php Sorry for asking a question that may seem obvious to others: Why were they waiting for the IPO? Is it for financial or legal reasons, such as a Community Property State? Did he sign a prenuptial agreement? An internet search implies he didn't. This reminds me of Tom Leykis' advice that everyone have a prenup. On the other side, some women have created companies by divorcing a business owner and taking half of the company. How has Mark Zuckerberg protected his ownership of Facebook from his marriage? How would you? As erdemozkan stated in a duplicate discussion: Mark married Priscilla one day after the IPO. That means they were waiting for IPO to get married. Sorry for asking a question that may seem obvious to others, but why were they waiting for the IPO? Is it for financial or legal reasons, such as a Community Property State? Did Zuckerberg sign a prenuptial agreement? An internet search implies he didn't. This reminds me of Tom Leykis' advice that everyone have a prenup, for many reasons. On the other side, some spouses have created companies by divorcing a business owner and taking half of the company. How has Mark Zuckerberg protected his ownership of Facebook from his marriage? How would you? [1] http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3997659 Random Array of Independent Data Centers (RAIDC) Edit: maybe Random Array of In-dependent Clouds (RAIdC)? The couple may be madly in love today, but human emotions are fickle and people change and grow over time. Sadly, there may come a day when both are more concerned with the future of the FB empire than with each other. Given the sheer quantity of eyeballs on this story, I expect that the world would know if it exists. I'm far from an expert, but I agree with veteran programmers who say that typing speed and coding speed are not related. If you're refactoring, you may be deleting and reworking code, not typing at full speed. Sometimes you have to stop and think through your code to make sure you're not making mistakes. For a typing speed, 49 WPM is pretty good, especially for 2-finger typing. If you want to improve your typing speed, there are lots of programs - Mavis Beacon was one from 20 years ago, newer and better typing programs likely exist today. This video was incredibly informative for being so short. The idea of harvesting pig organs, rinsing out the cells so only the natural protein scaffold and blood vessels remain, then reseeding it with the donor's own cells is amazing. This technology is advancing much faster than tooth-replacement techniques. Take advantage of the time you have to explore, learn, and discover new things. You're young enough that you have a lot more opportunities for what you can do with your time than us older people do - but you (probably) don't need to spend some of your time working to pay for your own food, housing, transportation, etc. You can always come back and program if you want to. But you definitely should be in a CS program if/when you goto college :) Apparently someone was posting drawings of Muhammad. http://tribune.com.pk/story/381639/twitter-blocked-across-pa... Are you supposed to use Adobe Photoshop to open PSD files? I bring headphones. The ones like earplugs. Then I watch MST3K on youtube and ignore anyone that doesn't ping me on chat. https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Long_and_shor... First of all, the complaint has nothing whatsoever to do with the metric vs non-metric issue---we could as easily report gallons per hundred miles if it mattered that much. Exactly. The measurement of gallons per 100 miles shows a much clearer picture of gas usage: MPG = gallons per 100 miles (100/MPG) 14 = 7.1 17 = 5.9 33 = 3.0 50 = 2.0 MPG = Cost of gasoline to drive 15,000 miles at $4/gal (15000/MPG*$4) 14 = $4285.71 17 = $3529.41 33 = $1818.18 50 = $1200.00 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4020222 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4021690 Why was I downvoted for linking to previous comment threads about this same story? The difficulty with this is the widely varied price of gasoline. If we assume $4/gal, $100 would buy us 25 gallons of fuel, so we can just multiply those 25 gallons by the MPG: MPG = Miles per $100 (MPG*25/$_per_gallon) 14 = 350 17 = 425 33 = 825 50 = 1250 The linked video has become private, but other copies are available: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6H7NkM21MY http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFZB91a1qUw (short) Interesting idea. Those with neither Apple devices nor a Facebook account can't try this out. Edit: My tired mind didn't realize this at first - this service utilizes both photos and statuses of the same person. Facebook is one of the few services which brings together a person's photographs and status updates, and has a large stock of both. The next best supply would be...a mash-up of Twitter and Flikr? I'm interested to see how this stacks up against the Backblaze Pod: http://blog.backblaze.com/2011/07/20/petabytes-on-a-budget-v... Edit: You'd have to build about 2882 Pods to reach 380 petabytes, but this cluster will be using 380,000 opertons, which implies about 1 terabyte of tape per CPU. For the Pods: The newest cabinets squeeze one petabyte into three-quarters of a single cabinet for $56,696. I'm in your shoes - I majored in Business, and I'm trying to break into software development after getting bored of IT at 30. Luckily my business degree had a couple VB classes, so I'm not starting with zero. What I'm doing: 1. Codecademy will teach you the basic concepts of programming. Codecademy expands into HTML, Javascript, CSS, and other technologies that can be used to make websites and mobile apps. (You can stick a website inside a wrapper and call it an app.) 2. If you like Windows, get the Visual Studio 11 beta while it's free and start making a windows form in VB or C#. If you don't, either install Cygwin or a distro and learn about the tools for Linux. (sorry I'm not more help here) 3. Find projects to do - find a small problem at work that you can solve. I made a program that makes an email template , so filling out an internal form is just a couple clicks. Also check out coding challenges. 4. Look for software internships, open source projects, and other places where you can build your burgeoning skills while gaining experience in working with large projects. I don't know if I'm going about this the right way either, and I've been thinking about making this same Ask HN post too. The app would be a calendaring app where your friends can schedule time to hang out with you, and it locks your phone for the duration of hangout time. Basically it would force you to hang out with people you know. The "Fail early, fail fast" philosophy doesn't work unless you actually learn from failing. Why was Rhode Island trying "to jump start a video game industry in Rhode Island" by investing in only one company? Why not fund 3000 smaller videogame companies? They could have given $250,000 to 300 videogame companies, or $2.5 million each to 30 companies. For people without serious pre-existing conditions, health insurance is nothing but an extra cost. The insurance industry depends on the healthy to subsidize the sick. For healthy people, it's usually cheaper to pay your doctor dentist and other specialists in cash...well, if you are healthy, you don't usually need to see any specialists. You would be more impressed by a Wacom penabled tablet or phone, like the Galaxy Note. My Wacom penabled tablet/laptop convertible PC was invaluable at taking calculus and economics notes in Word 2007 - You can type all the text, then pick up the stylus and draw formulas, graphs, and symbols where you want. It was such a powerful use-case for me that I don't understand why nobody has copied it yet. I like the page - it's unconventional but very clean. If I had an iPhone (and hadn't already life-hacked my inbox) I'd give you feedback on the app too. ;) "Shooting for the moon" and "jumping the shark" involves working without a safety net. Phrased differently: Making a backup plan takes away effort from your goals and makes you more likely to fail and need your backup plan. I don't remember if this is from a famous quote, a blog post, HN discussion, or a video. I've found it to be true in some situations. The east coast of the US (containing almost 1/2 of the US population) will be waking up in the next 1-2 hours. Hopefully you'll get noticed then. :) This article starts with an interesting bait, but declines to listing high-functioning people and their mental quirks. "The spectrum" includes "normal" people; they are all in a cluster at the non-Autistic end of the spectrum. Asperger's is somewhere between... I use my phone as my "communication bucket". I'm only signed into FB, Twitter, personal email, and HN on my phone. When I get a spare moment, I check my phone. I naturally prioritize text messages first, then email, phone calls, twitter, HN, FB, etc. The key here is to be busy enough that you don't have time to check your phone. Youtube and other online video doesn't distract me. I usually play one in the background when doing other things. I don't even like when news articles or blog posts are video-only. shrug At work, my inbox is combo to-do list and "eventually get-around-to list". Each project gets its own inbox. I judiciously use rules to route mail to the correct inbox, and routine noise is automatically marked as read. At work, FB, Twitter, HN, texts, etc are still phone-only. (ok, I'm actually on HN at work, but that's due to under-employment :D ) Isn't an environmental study required before building? Serpentine lines are more efficient, yet they are not used in supermarkets. Why not? TFA is derived from this article: http://venturebeat.com/2012/06/01/when-it-comes-to-passwords... Original paper: http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~jcb82/doc/B12-IEEESP-analyzing_70M_... The title of the article doesn't even mention 2-factor: Post Mortem: Today's Attack; Apparent Google Apps/Gmail Vulnerability; and How to Protect Yourself Don't commingle business and personal accounts. If only that admin had followed this suggestion for his personal account... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radio-frequency_identification "Mastery" is like a buzz-word, but it's had its power in our culture for a long time. Buzz-words are useless unless a meaning is assigned to them. To me, mastery means mastery of the basics. A master chef is a master at slicing, chopping, mixing ingredients correctly, and applying heat to food in a variety of ways (frying, baking, grilling, etc). A master carpenter is a master of measuring, sawing, hammering, and fastening wood together. My professor for introductory accounting tells his classes that advanced accounting textbooks have the same chapters as the beginning books, just with more advanced subject matter. Mastery of accounting would then be just mastering those basics. Come drive in Washington State, where our grid is powered by the water which falls from our sky, as it flows back to the ocean. Also WSDOT just installed 7 EV charging stations along Interstate 5: http://www.wsdot.wa.gov/News/2012/05/30_newevstations.htm We know one thing for sure: We'll have more tablets and phones around, and more in-betweens like the Rasberry Pi, Cotton Candy, and others. TVs and monitors will ship with clones of those built-in. By 2016, "smartphone" will be a small part of the embedded processor / ARM marketshare, which is what we'll actually be concerned with. Good luck on the pivot! In the United States, regulations dictate that cars coming off of the assembly line must have a flat mirror on the driver's side. Curved mirrors are allowed for cars' passenger-side mirrors only if they include the phrase "Objects in mirror are closer than they appear." Because of these regulations, Hicks's mirrors will not be installed on new cars sold in the U.S. any time soon. The mirror may be manufactured and sold as an aftermarket product that drivers and mechanics can install on cars after purchase. Some countries in Europe and Asia do allow slightly curved mirrors on new cars. Hicks has received interest from investors and manufacturers who may pursue opportunities to license and produce the mirror. For those of us who have no idea what this is all about or why it's important: http://thenextweb.com/insider/2012/05/10/37signals-lists-web... The sale price ($480k) is just greater than twice 1 year of income ($212k). Why does this seem low enough to be a red flag? So the vast majority of this site's value is actually its relationship with 37signals? And 37signals wants to sell the site and dissolve that relationship? o_O Can you parse that title? I can't... Can I cite an economics professor whose name I've forgotten? He discussed how rent controls prevent both raising prices and selling the controlled property, so the owners can't make money from the property in any way. Thus, many of these buildings stand abandoned and unsafe for decades. Scribd has done this for every PDF page I've tried to access through their site. http://www.scribd.com/word/access_denied/96535114#full The linked PDF downloads quickly. (what's strange is the rest of Scribd, including their fruit bot race, renders great.) >Why is "stone" the "most obvious move"? Since the starting position (closed fist) is very similar to Rock, most people will be lazy and play Rock instead of Paper or Scissors, at least the first round? How is industry regulation different in those markets? When you get ripped off, what is your recourse in Amman, Athens, or Madrid? What can you do about it in Berlin or Manchester? This article seems to imply that part of the reason is that Japanese has 3 sets of symbols for the sounds in their language, which makes typing difficult. Why does Japanese use 3 sets of symbols for their spoken language? (Hiragana for native words, Katakana for foreign words, Kanji due to China's proximity?) Why not reduce to one set of symbols? There's something to be said for the ceremony of grooming for work, travelling to your workplace, interacting with coworkers, during approximately the same time each day. Work is the "2nd space" in the Starbuck's "3rd space" advertisements. Have you tried working in the same seat at a library or other public place each weekday? Can you please rephrase your comment on the bias without the asterisk? Previous discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4085052 Invest in a good standing desk instead? How much of this increase will be money saved by not paying Google for Maps access? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4090498 This is why I often browse (sites other than HN) with JS turned off in the Android browser. Maybe many people were unaware this was possible. My coworker was certainly excited. What you're looking for is at the intersection of: 1. "Save As..." for a website, where some of the files (HTML, images) on a specific page are downloaded, but other media (HTML5, Flash, JS, ASP) does not get downloaded. 2. website crawler, which downloads everything from the site (not sure about HTML5, Flash, JS, or ASP) Which part of the content on the page are other users prevented from accessing? This is the content you'll essentially be rehosting / hosting locally. Another way to do this would be having a service to rip and rehost content, somewhat similar to a FLV-ripping site (ie. download from Youtube). This kind of site would likely violate copyrights on the rehosted content. You could provide your user/pass to another site, then this service could use your creds to crawl a restricted site and constantly update itself -- but how many people would trust a random crawling site? Blogspam of http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2012/05/how-to-stop-sucking... TemplatArr, an internal template generating program, made to streamline a workflow. Pairtris, to impress a woman (didn't work). oh And the scribd fruit bot. Why do most electronics retailers use empty or powered-off demonstration devices? To reduce costs - from customer theft, employee theft, damage or abuse by prospective customers, etc. At Best Buy, when a customer's kid spills their soda on a laptop or phone, who pays for the hardware? Best buy, the parent, or the manufacturer? My simpler solution is to treat it like any other tool - inspect that the device is actually ready for use before using. In the US we hear "you break it you buy it" a lot, but most retailers will bear the costs in the interests of customer retention. This study found that almost 1 in 3 students at the Missouri University for Science and Technology, who have the spare time to take part in psychology research, are depressed. Then this study tracked the internet usage of those depressed students to see how depressed people interact with internet services differently than non-depressed people. Ideas are easy. How about a backpack that charges your phone, tablet, mouse, laptop(?), mobile hotspot, toothbrush, and other electronics? I have a prototype. Distribution is hard. I don't have a way of making more than one at a time. In the US, minorities in cities live in Society 1 while whites in suburbs are in Society 2. Impressive! I wonder if this technique has advantages over the "scaffolding" technique[1]. Maybe the eye doesn't have enough of a protein scaffold between its cells for that method to work? [1] http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/nova/body/replacing-body-parts.html Clickable: http://maps.apple.com/ http://maps.apple.com/?x=1 ...most everyone's common sense goes out the window as soon as the "but think of the children" argument is brought out as a cover for bad law. Does a good persuasive counter-position exist to the "think of the children" argument? Is there a way of telling a parent "This person is using your concern for your child against you, making you afraid so you won't think logically about what's being done" -- without sounding like a heartless jerk? Is there any penalty for adding content you don't actually own to the content ID system? In economics terms, this article proposes the idea that Coinstar's Redbox dvd vending machines are an inferior good when compared to Netflix. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inferior_good Previous discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4085502 So they'd sue boxopus to get their user data (IP addresses)? Or is this an RIAA/MPAA honeypot? Part of this goes back to Apple Store employees being trained to be helpful and knowledgeable, while Best Buy's employees are trained to upsell and prevent shrink. Think outside the valley. The "verify" link just takes me to an MS error reporting site, which doesn't present any of the error or informational messages from the articles. I'm confused. O_o Yesterday's thread: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4161409 Discussion (14 comments) for Engadget article on same story: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4175399 In an update on its official blog, Adobe said that there will be no certified implementations of Flash Player for Android 4.1 and beginning August 15, it will start limiting access to updates to only users that have Flash Player installed. From http://thenextweb.com/mobile/2012/06/29/abobe-pulls-support-... ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4175853 ) LinkedIn is just somewhere to hang my resume for recruiters to find it. I avoid it otherwise. Is it too cynical to believe customers feel more comfortable in a store which resembles their usually-unkempt houses? Perhaps this is a form of market differentiation. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internal_affairs_(law_enforcem... As a demonstration of their capabilities, I'm underwhelmed. It works for public television. Groove IP lets you make wifi (or dataplan) calls from your Android through Google Voice. This is a much better fire suppression idea than Star Trek's surround it with a force field and let it use up all the oxygen system. A plasma is sometimes referred to as being "hot" if it is nearly fully ionized, or "cold" if only a small fraction (for example 1%) of the gas molecules are ionized, but other definitions of the terms "hot plasma" and "cold plasma" are common. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plasma_(physics)#Temperatures OR, for free, at your local public library It's not free. It's a copy that you and others in your area had purchased for you, by your local library, with money collected through the tax mechanism. Wired article discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4252005 Ars Technica article discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4252051 This is straight spam and phallus-waving. It's like this is a gaming forum or something. Likewise, society can't accept that members are able to increase their happiness just by drinking a few ounces of...coffee. Or beer or rum. Or run for a mile. These would sap the inspiration to work hard at a job in order to succeed. How do you define "poverty"? Most impoverished Americans have TVs and microwaves. Autodesk has apps[1] which work pretty well. I think they're trying to expand into the photo-measurement space, competing with companies like E-Template[2], measuring walls, rooms, and objects by analyzing a photo. If they could morph SocialCam into an app to take photo/video, upload to their servers to do the math, then output to their app (or another part of their ecosystem), they would provide an incredible mobile utility that would both heavily impact the photo-measurement industry, and provide a massive gain to the 3d-printing early adopters. This is the kind of disruption that photo-measurement and 3d printing need. [1] http://www.autocadws.com/mobile [2] http://www.etemplatesystem.com/ Your reply captures the sentiment very well - ownership of a microwave really isn't a good indicator of poverty. It IS a good indicator of the kind of systemic poverty that exists. Simply by luck of being born within the US, I'm privileged with higher wages which gives me the opportunity to purchase one, and easier access to buy such appliances. I can purchase one at any time (24/7) for an hour's wage, if not less. For evaluating the impact on life outcomes, why not define poverty as the state where (lack of) financial resources frequently limit the choices available to an individual? I like your definition for poverty. I'm well acquainted with our (US) social services that provide food, shelter, clothing, transportation, basic phone and internet service, and education funding to any parent, woman, or child, and some single men. By this definition, I'm led to believe that poverty doesn't exist within the US, even though myself and most of my friends and family fall below the "poverty line". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aerographite Owing to its interconnected tubular network structure, aerographite resists tensile forces much better than other carbon foams as well as silica aerogels. It has a very low Poisson ratio, as demonstrated by a complete shape recovery of a 3-mm-tall sample after it was compressed down to 0.1 mm. Its ultimate tensile strength (UTS) depends on material density... How soon will we see this used instead of metal frameworks or latex foam? In aircraft wings, car seats, etc? Even more interesting: Upon external compression, the conductivity increases, along with material density . Pressure-sensitive aircraft wings? Car seats that know what their occupants weigh? In the video (from the article), they wafted up and down between the static-magnetic pull of a wand and the pull of gravity. But they don't stay in the air for long. Fund for the Defense of Net Neutrality or Fonds de Défense de la Net Neutralité https://mashable.com/2012/07/18/wikileaks-taking-donations/ Link to actual release: http://google-africa.blogspot.co.uk/2012/07/send-and-receive... Apparently you can text "MORE" to see more of an email. So are users limited to 140-character chunks, or will Google expand this into MMS? For that matter, how widespread is MMS vs SMS in emerging markets? Could we get a flying drone down there? What does it take to make flight happen on Mars? The air is thinner, so would more force be required for airplanes and helicopters to fly? How well would hot-air or helium inflatables work, compared to Earth? I agree, a 115ft (35m) wide, 65ft (20m) deep sinkhole. How far away is this from the Mars Rovers? Even having another perspective to see this would be amazing! It does seem like just a matter of time before the EFF becomes a "known terrorist organization" like WikiLeaks is about to become. ‘You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with.’ Jim Rohn I see it backwardsly - the 5 people you spend time with are the ones most like my average. I'm not who I am because of my friends; they're my friends because of who I am. If I were willing to replace one of these 5 with another, I would still be me, but I would have a less-close friendship with that person. This article seems to suggest we should all dump our current "go nowhere" friends and try to become PG's best friend (or friends with similarly accomplished humans). I counter with the Nash Equilibrium, that PG would exclude most of us, and we'd be stuck back at square one, having to be friends with plain-old each other. The author himself whittled down his life to 2 other people. What a selfish and lonely life! This won't apply to anyone else. Ignore almost everything anyone else tells you unless you can independently verify it, especially your parents. In fact, just divorce your parents now. The correct answers always come from within your own head. Your first impulse is always wrong, but doing the wrong thing almost always turns out well. You're almost always the smartest person in the room, and everyone knows it, so calling yourself "stupid" is calling everyone in the room stupid, even when true. Confidence is key. Talk more slowly. You can't be anyone other than who you are, but you can be the best "you" that can be. Nutrition is entirely applied physics (calories consumed - exertion = weight), so count calories. Yes, you'll live to see 85, and yes, life gets better at 30. I think most parents don't tell that to their children because it's so demoralizing. How do you feel when someone tells you that everything you care about is meaningless? When I've heard that, it makes my life feel meaningless, like I should just give up now. The rest is directly countered by teachers and classmates in public school. You're told you can't do things until you're older, and mistakes and differences are punished. The opportunity cost of wages not earned is not the proper tool with which to measure the amount of benefit your time provides to yourself and other humans. This sounds like one of Peter Thiel's big secrets. http://blakemasters.tumblr.com/post/22866240816/peter-thiels... “Anything that is really sensitive or extremely valuable or needs to be kept very secret, I wouldn’t store on anybody else’s servers. That, to me, seems ridiculous unless I held the encryption keys like with the online backup service that I use.” He doesn't say anything specific about Dropbox that couldn't be applied to other cloud-storage locations. Or maybe one hosted on one of the Pacific islands which is supposed to be a privacy and tax haven? http://xkcd.com/radiation/ It's not an article, just a blurb: (CBS/CNN) - Microsoft is in danger of reporting its first quarterly loss in the last 20 years. The world's largest software company will absorb a $6.2 billion dollar charge stemming from an online advertising service it bought in 2007. Analysts estimate Microsoft earned about $5.3 billion dollars in the quarter that ended in June, so that charge would send the company into the red. Greenpeace (and cohorts) did... Photochopped some ads, hosted them, put up a website, made a fake twitter account. Made fun of a company's brand by pointing out the downplayed environmental cost. Yes, very different. HN is one of the very few webs sites that loads up almost immediately on very bandwidth constrained/high latency links in my experience. I have the opposite experience - HN pages sometimes take more than 30 seconds to load, though this is likely due to waiting for DNS - once the page loads, the entire page loads quickly. No matter if it's the high-speed connection to the laptop at work, PC at home, wifi to phone at friends' house, 1-bar 3g connection, etc. So it's legal for cops to seize your residence, confiscate your postal mail, open it, and write replies impersonating you to whomever they want? How is this any different? Because there's an electronic device involved? Interesting that this comes from URL techupdates.com, not zdnet.com. Same article: http://www.zdnet.com/microsoft-readies-wedge-mouse-wedge-mob... Whois techupdates.com: 14 Jan 2000 02:08:00 14 Jan 2014 02:08:00 BuyCheapDomains.com Gerlantin Avram () 160 Essex Ave. Suite 518 Richmond Hill CA L4C 2B7 CA Whois zdnet.com: 1995-04-27. 2011-12-26. 2013-04-27. Domain Admin CBS Interactive, Inc. 235 Second Street San Francisco CA 94105 US Article links to The Verge: http://www.theverge.com/2012/7/18/3166768/microsoft-wedge-mo... http://www.theverge.com/2012/7/18/3167857/microsoft-wedge-to... This is how smart criminals launder money? A similar, simpler method is used by the deli, bakery, meat, seafood, and produce departments in most US grocery stores. Usually they use 2 sets of 6 digits for these bar codes, with the price as digits 8-11 in the bar code. The bar code doesn't work with items, such as holiday roasts, costing more than $100. x x-xxxxx-x$$$$-x x Explore the world and discover what makes you happy. Hopefully it will be something that makes money; if not you'll have to find a career you enjoy (or don't mind doing every day, at least) to pay the bills. The more secure barcoding scheme is RFID. This problem revolves around barcodes just being a database reference, with no better way to tie the physical item to the database reference. Usually the weight of an item is in the database. The current "modern" equivalent of swapping price labels is to buy expensive produce at the self-check, but to indicate you're purchasing low-cost produce. Pushing a wheeled cart allows for more control but can obstruct visibility. Pulling one can lead to back problems. In Amazon's home state of WAshington, 1 year of tuition costs: Institution Comm. Coll[1] % of $2000 University[2] % of $2000 Resident $4,000 50% $10,347 19.3% Non-Resident $9,235 21.7% $27,831 7.2% [1] http://www.sbctc.edu/college/f_tuition.aspx [2] http://admit.washington.edu/Paying/Cost "Because Palantir has taken over all of the available office space in Silicon Valley, the Startup Bubble has shifted and grown. The Bubble now encompasses the majority of San Francisco, in addition to the Valley and its other territories." (not from the article) It's highly legible! I don't see anything in the article about Steam breaking on Win8. I haven't heard that anywhere before your comment. According to the article, Gabe is concerned with Windows Store and Xbox Live integration, fearing those would compete too strongly with Steam. Features such as Xbox LIVE integration could make the Windows Store and Windows 8 a more appealing platform for gamers and developers alike than Steam. When starting O2O Trade to sell HDMI & USB cables, we included a blog because it was "one of the things successful startups do". None of us knew what to put into the blog, and most entries were a measly paragraph. Even so, our blog entries showed up in Google searches more often than our static product pages. Searching for our company leads people to these little stubs of text instead of our products. Adding a blog seems like a "good idea at the time", but unless you have a good blogger on your team, it'll just be an afterthought-task that gets shuffled around because nobody wants to do it. Don't let a blog waste your time and steal focus from the rest of your company. Very, very cool looking. It makes me want to start running, just to use the app. Too bad it's not on Android ;) Also: This is how to make a demo page. I didn't even have to enable javascript. What about smaller markets like Seattle, Portland, or other cities up here? Is there any more info about their plan for build-out or how soon it'll be available in our neighborhoods? Would Dropbox, Google Drive, Skydrive, Amazon cloud storage, et al exist today if we could send data across the US at even just 650Mbps? I'm surprised that most carriers don't embrace wifi-based calling the way T-mobile and Ruckus have. I would think so too...though technically it's in Kirkland... Duplicate: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4295711 This is reminding me of a college student job as a PC tech: We had about 20 labs, 3 of them had 1-year old Dell Precision workstations with 22" Dell LCD monitors. During the summer, we noticed the monitors developing a weird wavy waterline-ish streak along the top 2" of the LCD. The LCD still displayed fine, but everything above this waterline was noticeably darker. The wavy waterline was different on each monitor - on some it only extended down a centimeter across one corner. Eventually half of the monitors in these 3 labs developed this strange mark. We RMA'd in batches; eventually we learned the glue holding the LCD layers together was failing. The older (and newer) Dell LCDs didn't have that issue. That's the kind of thing I'd worry about here, especially since there's likely no recourse. Will these LCDs have strange issues, like a watermark caused by the failure of cheap glue? You can send a packet to Europe and have it return faster than your fingers can respond to something your eyes just saw. This is just silly. Real men use the best tool for the job. Even better, real men know which tool is the best for a given task. 5. Short FB stock. Recently I switched work schedules from overnight to mornings and held my coffee consumption constant (at about 5 cups a day, gotta love the MS Starbucks machine). My productivity has since gone up, I sleep better, and my moods have improved. How much does it weigh, compared to a standard upright piano? Another example of immigrants taking American jobs because the job doesn't pay enough (anymore). My PC is a self-built i7 in an MSI p55-gd80, 8gb ram, radeon 4870. Razer naga epic (go 12-buttons!), OLD kb, logitech usb headphones. It's gone from primary computer to media center to friend's media center. My "phone" has been my primary computing device for over a year. I've simply given up and stopped having a mailing address. If people want to reach me they can reach me by text, email, voicemail, facebook, twitter, linkedin, myfitness, google talk, youtube, tribalwar, etc. Or a lighter and a can of wd-40 as a blow torch to kill flies. :D I think this just means they have to have a tiny X in the corner for you to try to tap and miss and click on the ad anyway. Many would consider switching from Qwerty to Dvorak a bicycle skill. Typing a blog post or email can take much longer when you're learning to type in a new pattern. For some, the enjoyment of learning Dvorak, or the anticipation of being faster in Dvorak than Qwerty offsets the annoyance at the task's increased duration. For others, they have no such enjoyment or anticipation, and so the task is merely annoying. People will only pick up bicycle skills where their benefit (or perceived benefit) is greater than the annoyance they deal with. Do some people really find the command line so difficult to use? I'm quite the opposite so I have trouble believing it. Maybe it's because the default black background makes it feel like we're throwing our commands into a "magical pit inside the computer", and waiting for the output, which will be an error unless the commands were perfect. That perspective is unpleasant. Maybe it would be helpful to visualize a GUI while using the command line, where instead of clicking on a menu or button, you have to type its name. The customer isn't always right, but they're still the customer. That saying really grinds my gears. Someone said/typed once that there will be no big CL killer - that they'll be pecked to death by many small replacements, such as Etsy in the crafts space. PM should be the CL replacement for the housing market, and their biggest problem to solve now is getting listings from another source, hopefully from landlords listing directly with them. That's a very fun idea you have there :) I don't like the site, and I think it'll fizzle quickly. I'm always incorrect when I feel this way... I tried browsing for a few minutes, but I got bored quickly. Pretty much I'm convinced the site & app will be successful. :) Too big to facepalm! Don’t skip meals to save time. 5 good hours are better than 10 bad ones. Can we apply this to sleeping too? Maybe it was a way to get people to ration food over winter? No HTTPS? Would that be difficult to add? From article: A report from earlier this year suggested that more than 1 million U.S. households disconnected their pay-TV services in 2011. http://www.bgr.com/2012/04/04/over-1-million-u-s-cable-subsc... From that article in April: Nearly 2.65 million cable or satellite TV subscribers have canceled their service since 2008 to rely solely on Web-based services according to estimates from the Convergence Consulting Group. ... It is estimated that roughly 930,000 customers will cut the cord in 2012, for a total of 3.58 million subscribers since 2008. The group also estimates that traditional television providers will add 185,000 accounts this year, up from 112,000 in 2011. 2/3 of the way through 2012, and less than half of April's predicted 930,000 disconnections have occurred. Will more people disconnect during the fall and the holidays? https://secure.wikimedia.org/ is up, but all the links provide "502 bad gateway" How many of those followers aren't fans, but: 1. bots 2. People who want to set up a business deal (everyone from major label agents to real estate agents) 3. Random people that follow others in the hopes of gaining more followers Torrentfreak is blocked where I work (again). Here's another comment thread on the Gizmodo article: http://gizmodo.com/5932143/ukraine-officials-shut-down-demon... Torrentfreak article on same topic: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4345463 Try Cyanogenmod How much "fiddling" do you have to do to get your PIN? Unlock code or symbol, select authenticator app, read PIN? On top of loading Gmail and entering your user/pass? Why are you the only person in the world who doesn't have a cell phone? Why would you assume that super-large companies would consider your single-person use-case? Facebook accountholdership has become so mainstream that only people who could be described as "fringe elements" don't have an account. It's like someone (in the developed world) not owning a microwave or a bed. Even if the account provided no utility, I don't see why any intelligent person wouldn't maintain one, just to avoid this type of stigma. Maybe you "just don't use it much" because you're "busy with other things". For support organizations, hackers and social engineers are still edge cases. The primary use case is dealing with paying yet indignantly impatient non-technical users. These people treat identity verification as stalling, thinking you're trying to get them off the line so you don't have to deal with their problem. Comment thread for another article on same topic: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4350221 And why not hide it in plain sight? So...only the Hazard Cameras are active, the rest are closed until Curiosity is finished with self-tests? You don't have to load the site to maintain an account - you can do that from the app or even Twitter, for various meanings of the word "maintain". Thus Craigslist begins the march to their own irrelevancy. Consider this: Of 878 students at 18 high schools across 11 different states surveyed by the Financial Literacy Group, three-quarters of them said they agreed with this statement: “The stock market is rigged mostly to benefit greedy Wall Street bankers.” I'm not sure how the impressions of high schoolers create an atmosphere of uncertainty and unconfidence in the stock market. I would like to see a customer service/tech support org where customers have to enter their 2-factor PIN at a phone menu before reaching a human support agent. You could possibly combine that with caller ID for better verification - basically use phone # like a username and the PIN as password. Or you could just use them alongside other verification steps. Even if the truck's "supervisor" is paid as much as drivers are today, trucking companies are very hungry to get more miles driven in fewer days. These will let trucks drive for more than 11 hours, thus I believe we'll see these as soon as they're approved. A snow-covered road is a situation where: 1. Road indicators are difficult to identify 2. Roadway has less traction than usual 3. Humans are having emotional reactions (joy, terror) which impacts their processing abilities. 3 is mitigated by design. 1 is a sensor issue, it's also a problem that very accurate GPS can solve. There are many causes of slick road surfaces, from snow and ice to excessive water, spilled materials, collision debris, and low-quality roadways (dirt and gravel roads). Driving in reduced-traction situations shouldn't be an edge-case. This brings up another question: How will these cars react when a street is blocked and unpassable, due to heavy snowfall (unplowed), heavy rainfall over the street, mudslides & rock slides, etc? What about where a street has parked cars on both sides and just enough room for one car to go through the middle of the street - one of the narrow city streets where drivers have to wait in the intersection for oncoming cars - will these autonomous cars wait and let drivers through, or will they get stuck? Could it handle Lombard Street? How would it react to a roadway that's covered in several feet of water due to flooding (and poor road design)? Or sinkholes? One-way streets? Freeways which change directions at different times of day? Dirt roads? (Can we make it autonomously offroad?) How will it react during an earthquake or tornado? How will it react to a bicyclist running a red stoplight and into the car's path, when the car has a green light? When the car comes across kids playing football/street hockey/baseball in the street, will it stop for them? How far out of the way will the kids have to move before the car thinks it's safe to go past? Will these cars have systems to react when they take damage? What if you join Zipcar to Ridejoy to Uber to autonomous cars? Half taxi, half bus, totally convenient. I too live in the Seattle area, and I've heard of this technique. Sadly, when implementing it, all you see is the angry drivers behind you who rush to pass and gobble up the traffic bubble you've been saving. Wikipedia is probably the worst site for this redesign, which is probably why it's so eye catching - we're seeing all of these elements in a shape that's terrible for wiki but great for some other site. Since it's such a terrible fit for wiki, we can clearly see and identify elements we'd glaze over if we liked the changes. It's up for me. These videos take the information out of the "game" realm and into "video". These are less-bad for the gaming industry than rampant piracy: I don’t have to pay $50 for a youtube-video Here we use the venerable warez defense - these videos are like demo videos in that they make you want to play the game yourself. I get to see everything in HD, no matter how bad my system is(even on mobile) So we can get the full game experience, even on an underpowered smartphone over a bad connection. The future is awesome. I don’t have to go through the hassle of installing a 10GB+ game The future is indeed awesome. I can fast forward boring parts or skip parts I play Angry Birds during boring videogame sections I can relax after work and don’t have to think while watching or I can choose to figure out the next steps myself and then say “Yes, I would have done it the same way” We can do the same with video episodes and movies, and many are written to have main characters make dumb mistakes so viewers feel smarter. It’s just as rewarding as figuring out something by playing myself No it isn't, and that's why these videos are good for the industry. "Computer" science is more like "computational" science - reducing everything to numbers, using logic to make safe assumptions and find paradoxes, etc. Humans can't compute as well as transistors so we use them for all of the heavy thinking. It's engineering in the same way that constructing a stainless steel table is mechanical engineering (buy a sheet, cut it, put 8 bends in it, weld corners, grind corners, polish corners with acid, weld legs on, grind leg welds, polish leg welds) Etymology is one area where I know not to trust Wikipedia. I'm pretty sure an "engine-er" maintains an "engine", in the act of "engineer-ing". Under the DMCA, is there any provision to say "no, you're wrong, that content isn't actually yours, so it can stay up.", is there? Google doesn't seem to be using it. If this keeps up, we'll all gravitate away from Youtube and over to Vimeo and other competitors. Seeing grouped tabs in IE confused me for a while - why are these 2 tabs randomly both green? I agree, we're iterating this concept too far for my UI tastes. Large groups of people, even technical people, still see these pocket-sized computers as "the thing in my pocket which forces me to speak with people", and just want to ignore it. A black body is an idealized physical body that absorbs all incident electromagnetic radiation, regardless of frequency or angle of incidence. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blackbody This is the exact opposite of what I want. When I'm looking for information it's highly irrelevant for my email to show in my results. If I'd wanted something that was in my email, I'd just search there instead. This is actually motivating me to find a different email host. They both probably have the same incorrect source. I trust the OED. Neat idea! Bug report: I tried to watch this video: http://www.reelsurfer.com/watch/clip/share_id/7127/390 I use Chrome with the click-to-play-flash setting turned on. With Javascript enabled for your site, I see the "click to play" flash window, but I'm not able to actually click on it. Right clicking gives me the background context menu. Hmm..it didn't work in (vanilla) IE 9 either... Another per-site setting "Allow this site to run plug-ins", was still turned off for your site in my browser. After allowing plug-ins, video plays fine in Chrome. And yes, facepalm, flash isn't installed in IE. I'd forgotten it doesn't come with other browsers. The author is somewhat disgusted at these people for paying $40-80 to spend a (nice) day inside, listening to each other's powerpoint presentations about startups with weird names which don't really solve anybody's problems. Part of the hyperbole is normal for articles in The Stranger . "Sad that you've got a bunch of almost-worthless paper? Here, take more!" The article makes Spindle sound like Foursquare's local deals, but organized into a list of advertisements based on proximity, instead of a map of advertisements based on selected location. I'm predicting a pivot... Page could not be found The page you're looking for doesn't exist or has moved. They could just DOS it by blasting it with white noise. What level of network connections do most datacenters have? Maybe we can convince our Mars Rovers to do some of the crazier experiments. ;) Wearing a tie used to get in my way when I had to crawl under desks to get at PCs. Sounds like microfiche Field tech at H&R Block during tax season, actually. They both look a lot like Visual Studio to me. That's probably exactly it - ATI has usually used Sapphire to make their reference cards and ATI-manufactured cards. Many vendors make specific changes to the bios, use out-of-spec or pre-overclocked parts, etc. To put this situation in better perspective: If Intel made bioses in addition to their current products, and they released a bios update for their motherboards (with Intel bios and Intel parts). Here, he's mad because he has an Asus motherboard with an Intel bios, and since Asus isn't releasing this bios update, he won't benefit. The author sounds like a videocard fanboy who's throwing a tantrum. He didn't get the bios update from his favorite video card company that the reference cards got, so now he's calling them dirty names on the internet. Newspapers can survive the internet in the same way horse-drawn carriages survived the automobile. The US required it too, out of tradition, until Clinton's term. Why did we stop? Military services was never required for Congress or the President of the US It was an unwritten requirement because nobody took non-veterans seriously as presidential candidates. The censorship is a fun idea, but it made the article difficult to read, along with random images splattered everywhere. Mueller confirms that airlines see the TSA as a big part of the problem: “After the TSA took over back in 2001, my pilferage claims quadrupled,” he says. Before the TSA came into the game, passengers’ bags could be opened by another party only if a law-enforcement officer was present. His counterparts at other carriers have reported similar findings, he says, and in a 2002 meeting in Washington, D.C., they demanded that the TSA crack down on rogue employees. It is not clear what the agency has done since that time to solve the problem, but it has agreed to investigate and settle any claims that arise. ...and gain access to a legitimate product key for activation. Activating windows is now a feature! I stand corrected. According to a former Verizon employee briefed on the program, Verint, owned by Comverse Technology, taps the communication lines at Verizon, which I first reported in my book The Shadow Factory in 2008. Verint did not return a call seeking comment, while Verizon said it does not comment on such matters. At AT&T the wiretapping rooms are powered by software and hardware from Narus, now owned by Boeing, a discovery made by AT&T whistleblower Mark Klein in 2004. Narus did not return a call seeking comment. Pardon my ignorance, but why is the connection to Israel bad? This is the kind of person that help desk and tech support neckbeards hate - someone who thinks he's technical and sounds smart, but just doesn't have the mojo (confidence, ability, something ) to do it himself. He brings it into the shop but doesn't buy the warranty (or apple care?). He weeps bitterly about his photos, but doesn't back them up. He thinks his banter is funny, but it's exactly the kind of joke that makes a tech support agent fear for his job. The upgrade kit linked to is a set of tools for disassembling an iMac and the glue to reassemble it, along with what looks like a SATA-to-iMac adapter cable. I haven't disassembled an iMac before, but I can't believe it's a lot more difficult to completely strip and rebuild than an HP tablet-laptop-convertible or a Chrysler rear brake assembly. Could they get a diplomatic charter bus? Stupid question: Why can't we create skins for VS the way we used to skin Winamp? The trend across the year shows some intriguing, and dramatic, dips in layer 7 DoS activity. The dips in the chart are around the following dates: January 30, February 21 (Mardi Gras), March 20 (attackers recovering from St. Patrick's Day?), April 22 (did attackers take Earth Day off, or did people switch off their home machines making botnets smaller for a day?), May 29 (Memorial Day weekend), June 28 (just before July 4). We should tell people to turn their PCs off when they're not using them - not to save power, but to reduce the total number of bots in the botspace available to attackers. But then what to do about iZombies and botdroids? The embassy doesn't have a paved space large enough for the first 5 feet of the bus to fit? Either way, there should be no way they can retrieve your password to send it to you. I'm not a security expert, but I've seen HN posts where others describe this. It's 1 sentence surrounded by a webpage... Every time I hear this keyboard's name, I'll think of the MST3K episode: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=6829772551040700364# Why are you asking the question? You state that this is a very small amount of money you're getting from exchange rate arbitrage, but you say you're buying extravagant things. Where are you finding cheap extravagance? This part reads like a sales pitch, like you're begging us to ask more details about your arbitrage arrangement. Do you normally question your actions and feel the need to compare yourself to others? How much do you enjoy psychology? Begging for psychological dissembly and analysis could be a form of narcissistic masochism. I read when I'm bored at work. I work when I'm busy. When I read I read what interests me. This is like a redbox for delivery. They could easily grow integration with package delivery companies, or they could compete by buying their own trucks and hiring drivers. This service will be very interesting to watch. You could contribute to OSS. Or look around at github for inspiration. Or look for a non-technical cofounder who already has an idea. Should this thread's title be changed? Radical-sounding perks such as unlimited paid vacation — assuming you’ve finished your pressing projects — are more common among companies concerned with attracting and retaining young talent. By 2010, 1 percent of U.S. companies had adopted this previously unheard-of policy, largely in response to the demands of Generation Y. This "previously unheard-of policy" has been in practice for much longer than I've been working - it's called "salary". I'm referring to the department head who takes 2 weeks off in July, 2 more in August, 4 in December, 1 in March, and 3 from May into June. The retail store director who takes 3 weeks for New Years, takes his family to Europe from April to June, and still leaves the office early for his kids's events. These aren't straw men, and they aren't Gen Y'ers either. "Most valuable" is a highly subjective term. Apple currently has the largest market capitalization. (quantity of public stock multiplied by current stock price.) These people are OCD about their memories, cleaning and pruning the recorded data so it can be reassembled correctly at a later time. Starbucks has an amazing machine which you can apparently lease free if you purchase 4 cases (24 pounds) of coffee a month. I use one of these at work. http://blogs.msdn.com/cfs-filesystemfile.ashx/__key/communit... An Albertsons near my house has one of these Redbox SBC machines: http://mediad.publicbroadcasting.net/p/kplu/files/styles/car... Or I'll get those little packets, like the Starbucks VIA, but other brands are cheaper. When I'm with friends, I'll get caught up in how a service, site, or app is assembled (i.e. interfaces, wrappers, cloud server connections, etc), and take a conversation with friends off on a tangent they aren't interested in. Smartphone, big microSD and a few hours are the best version. Then OCR later if you need to - chances are you'll still be wasting your time and will never touch your photographed textbook. If you had $10,000,000, and never had to work again, what would you do with your time? (not what would you do with the money ) Do you do those now? If not, why not? These companies seem to suffer brain-drain and increasing mediocrity in the same way that online communities suffer the constant erosion of their best users. The claim that "the other team tore down the portal to use in their castle" is ridiculous. No veteran minecrafter would destroy a nether portal just to use it in their castle wall. If anything, they would just make the portal into the castle wall. You're exactly right - as long as the portal was rebuilt far enough away (or take down the first portal), it's literally a way of generating more (obsidian) blocks in the world. Or work with a friend, have that person take out the portal's nether entrance, then just restart the normal portal = boom, 14 more bricks. It's like different parts of RIM are running in different directions. Like Device vs Server + Network. On the server + network side, RIM is probably hoping current IT departments will drop the "old BES" and run this BBOS 10-only server, needing to replace their entire fleet of mobile devices for new BBOS 10 devices. RIM also recognizes that BIS, BES, the Blackberry network, and the "Blackberry fee" that carriers charge end users, are all baggage which competing devices aren't encumbered by. Their new Blackberrys aren't joined-at-the-hip to the Blackberry network and its superior encryption anymore, which removes what many considered to be their competitive advantage. The company seems to be as directionless as Adobe is about Flash. Google won't let me read this unless I login or view it in an Incognito window, and that's not good enough. Simple Bank and Why You Shouldn't Bank in Beta The Story Bad day for #SimpleBank . They sent out a message to all their account holders. Presumably the collective "WTF is wrong with my account?!" caused all account holders to try logging in, and accidentally DDoSed their login page. The result is that logins are rejected. I try getting a password reset (because, hey, maybe the message is my account was compromised), and the email doesn't come. Try again, no email. Now I'm getting worried that something is properly wrong. I head over to the Simple bank status page and Twitter feed, and find out that their login servers toppled over and they're trying to fix it. Once everything was ironed out, it turned out the secure message was about Simple launching their "Goals" feature. As @nerded on Twitter[1] posted: "you emailed me a notification to log in to see a msg about a public announcement? This feels very “old bank” : (" The Simple Bank rep responded with "Actually, I agree with you. We'll consider better ways of doing it in the future. ^RG", which is a fine mea culpa, but does not engender confidence. Banks are people's money, they aren't just web sites During the login troubles, the Twitter account contained a tweet from Simple to an angry customer who accused them of incompetence, with Simple replying that it is "just a web site" (I can't get a citation right now due to Twitter overload). This is a really bad way of framing the discussion. Simple acts as a bank from the consumer's perspective, and when critical pieces of infrastructure go down, your response should be an immediate apology. What makes this worse is that Simple markets itself as a company that understands the Internet, but if you know your login page is down, and have no way to push that information to users (after you asked every single one to log in) without resorting to a blog post on your status page, you are acting very much like a company that doesn't get the Internet at all. You're playing in the old bank space, and competition there is getting fiercer (Ally, for example, refunds bank fees from anywhere, which Simple doesn't [2]). Simple seems to be running with the argument that everyone in their is beta, that betas don't go smoothly, and early adopters should be used to this. To some extent, I get that. But this is people's money, and that's important. When you're building a company on having excellent Internet know-how, being trustworthy and generally just doing better, people remember this stuff. What I find particularly galling is that Simple does not have a means of electronically moving money away from it, only to their account. It's like data lock in, where the only export means (withdrawing it all back in cash from an ATM, writing yourself a check) really sucks. I'd argue that Simple are trying to launch without their MVP (money goes in, money goes out). Put on a suit, if only in your mind A long time ago, when Simple were first appearing, there was a team photo, and they were in the standard hacker clothing: t-shirts, hoodies, jeans. Not one of them was wearing a suit, and I found that strange and somewhat disconcerting. I want my bank to wear suits. I want them to be diligent, conservative and fearful of screwing up with my money; the loss of such fear being arguably the thing that has changed about consumer banking in the last decade. Simple give off the impression of a company that is very much a start-up, moving fast and breaking things, and that's not what I, or I suspect, many people, want from their bank. I want you to move slow and keep things working right. Put the suit on in your mind, if not your body. [1] http://twitter.com/nerded/status/237984492323753984 [2] https://www.simple.com/faq/#usingsimple* It sucks for the author's friend, but it sounds like the friend needs to be immersed in the echo chamber of fail and develop a tougher skin. Maybe we'll read the friend's blog post in 20 years, how this failure was an inspiration for success. They'll fire 50 people and still have about the same headcount as the start of the year -- so they overhired and won't have the revenue to pay for their excess employees? The "process flow" of someone scanning a QR code is longer than taking a photo, and the expectation is to reach a website. What happened to Latitude? I still have mine. shrug Impurities in the crystal. That is to say, some of the molecules aren't carbon, they're the relatively similarly sized boron molecule. How successful is HP's Touchsmart brand? ...at some point you are going to have to take something on faith... At some point you are going to have to believe that someone else is giving you accurate, verifiable information, and you're going to have to trust them because you don't have the time to actually verify it. “On PC it’s only around five to seven per cent of the players who pay for F2P, but normally on PC it’s only about five to seven per cent who pay anyway, the rest is pirated. It’s around a 93-95 per cent piracy rate, so it ends up at about the same percentage,” [Ubisoft CEO Yves] Guillemot said. Their customers convert from free-to-paying and from pirate-to-paying at the same rate. Releasing a game as free-to-play doesn't cut into their revenue stream, since it'll just be pirated anyway. The same number of people will pay for it, either way. Essentially, DRM is a pointless expense for them. So the failure of science is...its inability to perfectly predict the future? The funny thing about new technologies is how people find new uses for them once they own them. Microwaves come to mind as an incredibly popular limited-scope device (all it does is reheat food) whose function just duplicates a more common kitchen appliance (oven/stove/range). The big thing with 3d printing will be the little things: cups, forks, plates, bowls, battery covers, buttons, dice, car interior parts (dashboard panels, clips, knobs, dials, etc). Maybe it's not interesting if everything you own is new & you don't have kids, but these will come in very handy replacing lost and hard-to-find parts for fixing up old things. Bad article - what the title calls an "eye bath" and the article calls a "cellular bath" is really a "bath of hyperfine nuclei with 1/2 spin" (aka molecules?) which the electrons are interacting with. Basically, many bird eyeballs can entangle electron pairs for much longer than human scientists can, and we want to know how. We believe the electron entanglement gives these birds some kind of sensory data about the earth's magnetic field. ArXiv link from bottom: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.2558v1 UK government sees RIM losing steam and begins loosening restrictions so other mobile devices can be used. Why do these fans need such a specialized solar panel? Can't something be redesigned to take a more standard panel? Wouldn't a more standard panel be cheaper to source, and have more suppliers? [I] live in New York City ... and don't care to own a car. Your lack of desire for a car has a LOT more to do with living in NYC than your age or social status. You sound just like friends of mine from NYC. If consumers don't spend money on cars then they will just spend it on other things. Not necessarily true. Half the comments in this thread are saying that consumers don't spend money on cars, and don't spend it on other things, because NOBODY HAS MONEY. Listen to the people around you? That goes against the anti-echo-chamber advice. Call centers are a very different type of work than most office work. And different types of call center work have very different implications. The company involved in this study was CTrip – China’s largest travel agency . [I think] Travel agencies are usually speaking with happy customers planning vacations. Tech support, customer service, and telemarketing call center employees would have had a significant reduction in utilization in this study. Link to article? (I think it's the right one) http://www.plosone.org/article/info%3Adoi%2F10.1371%2Fjourna... These T-cell derived iPSCs (“TiPS”) retain a normal karyotype and genetic identity to the donor. They share common characteristics with human embryonic stem cells (hESCs) with respect to morphology, pluripotency-associated marker expression and capacity to generate neurons, cardiomyocytes, and hematopoietic progenitor cells. Additionally, they retain their characteristic T-cell receptor (TCR) gene rearrangements, a property which could be exploited for iPSC clone tracking and T-cell development studies. Your operation could maintain 2 sets of cash flow: one for patient care, and one for administration. Maybe you could qualify for NGO status and get some government to fund some of the administration side. This would be somewhat similar to Costco's model, where most (all?) of employee wages come from membership card fees, not product revenue. With this model, you could still let people donate 100% of their funds to the patient if they wanted. You could even make a slider with an animation that displays the percent which goes to each part of your business - so 10% or 15% of the donation could goto administration. I love your idea, it's tremendous. Good luck! It all goes into the huge (secret by law) national insurance database, which is accessible by all insurers. All information gained by an insurance company about an individual is put in there, and insurers are prohibited from discussing it. If my name were published as a list of humans who view pornography, I would not care. Do women who cook talk about cooking more? Do women argue about it more? Why is it different for one sex than the other? How is the relative timestamp not machine-readable? Can the computer not be programmed to parse If (4_characters_after_timestamp == " ago") {$timeoftweet = $now+$timestamp} ? Many people are already doing this in their private lives: they use RSS feeds, webpage bookmarks, Instapaper, etc. to consume information when they're ready for it — they "pull" it when they want, rather than have it pushed on them. Pulling information allows them to smooth the flow of information they receive. They get to drink from a water fountain rather than a fire hose. These services are creating a buffer between the existing push systems and the desired pull system - content is pushed here and cached, then pulled when needed. So the key to this is having a bucket to which you can send everything, and which you can access on demand. For me, my pocket computing device (aka "phone") is my communications bucket. Not really a challenge, but an interesting lesson nonetheless. Minimum viable team I considered calorie counting too hard to do. Then smartphones and apps came to be. I've been using the myfitness app for several months, and it's definitely bearable. I went camping this weekend. I'm wifi-only, so about 30 hours without internet. The hardest part was making sure I downloaded the campsite directions to my phone. I wonder if the mesh subReddit knows about this. This blurb (relative to TheAtlantic's other articles) sounds like a response to The Cheapest Generation (Discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4421897 ) I don't hold books in any special regard anymore. Now, they're just large objects that hold data less efficiently than other solutions. I can keep the text on a HDD or flash drive somewhere instead. They're large, heavy, cumbersome objects. They're just more objects to be packed, carried, and worried about. For most of my life, I've been able to fit all of my possessions within my car, and move in one trip. Recently I've upgraded from a 20" monitor to a 46" tv. This means I'm up to 2 car trips. It's frustrating to move entirely into a new place, and find that the place looks empty and plain because you simply don't have enough objects to fill the place. In a way, it reminds me of dieting: I hate having to eat like an anorexic American just to look like a healthy Human, and I hate feeling like I need to fill my residence with objects just to feel at home there. I want to live in a nice ~400 sqft apartment in a city. But those don't seem to exist. I want to pay less than $600 a month for rent, but apparently I earn two times too much to pay so little. So I'm stuck paying too much for a too-big place which feels awkwardly too empty. A week after I graduated, I was walking across campus. I watched as my tuition dollars (and others) paid for a team of workers to hoist an entire 60-year-old house, drop it onto a large frame, drive it about 200 feet, and plop the house onto an empty lawn. Just so another building could be built at the old location. In the 3 years since I graduated, I've watched my university move 2 buildings, demolish and replace 5 dorm buildings (half of the university's dorm capacity), and massively expand their stadium. I watched as the school's president approved all of these expenditures, then watched him leave to head the NCAA as students rallied about the cost of tuition, which has doubled in the past 3 years. The article mentions "feeding the cores" several times; possibly Bulldozer's cores were sitting idle too much, and this is how AMD plans on improving the performance. I'm not aware of any AMD ARM products. I don't know if they're working in that space. I've heard that Intel is making ARM chips, even though they still have the x86 crown. I'm not aware of any ATI mobile GPUs either, while Tegras have been prominent in recent products. Edit: I did find this: http://www.amd.com/US/PRODUCTS/NOTEBOOK/APU/Pages/tablet.asp... [T]hese cyborg tissues could be used to create very accurate organs-on-a-chip — lab-grown human organs that are encased within computer chips and then used to test drugs or substance toxicity, without harming a single bunny or bonobo. That's the real story here - making a better OoaC. Organ on a Chip leads to faster testing. Other discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4448409 I refuse to peg every remaining second of my existence to the highest hourly rate someone else will pay me for it. I won't say "My time is valued at $XX per hour, so it makes sense to pay $XX for someone else to do this." Valuing all time at an hourly rate is logical if a human is trying to maximize the amount of money made across their life - since you could theoretically pay for this task to be done while working, you would have more money than if you did the task yourself. Maybe you work every waking second. But I don't. I don't want to. I want to maximize life enjoyment across my life, not the money earned. Instead, I compare what I'm doing now to what I could be, including consequences, and decide which I'd rather do. Then I do that. --- Not to mention that money has limited utility - you can only trade it for things which currently exist, and which other people are willing to trade. No amount of money will buy you a Star Trek Transporter, nor will it revive dead people or let you live forever. It won't buy you food from the ground; you have to trade it for something else and put that in the ground, and wait a season. Most of what money will buy is boring. I prefer to discover goldmines while building factories. That is, I believe that taking an idea and executing on it will generate many more ideas. Take the good ideas and pivot them into your project, if it works. Use some of that gold in your factory. Maybe the original idea was terrible - doesn't matter - you can just pivot out of it if it's going nowhere, and it found you other ideas that may go somewhere. It is useful to have a metric of how other humans value your time and ability, true. And storing enough resources so you don't have to go without essentials is just good planning. But it seems nonsensical to base your entire self-valuation as a human on that arbitrary number. "Monetary freedom" makes limited sense to me - free from what? Free from having to be productive (to other humans in society) in order to get food and keep your shelter? Thanks for saying what I wanted to say, better than I did. :) Transport, work clothes, work lunch, daycare and even rent/mortgage# must be paid simply to go to work. I disagree on work clothes and rent, and transport to some extent. You must wear some clothes and have some shelter, and you eventually will need to travel somewhere, even if just to the store for food. The only people who love math are math majors. Most humans don't love math. Teaching kids to love math is pointless. Math is a tool, like a hammer or a DLL. Do you love your screwdrivers and methods? Let's teach kids about how math is useful to them in their lives, and let them take it from there. Ongoing research is shedding new light on the importance of math to children's success. Math skill at kindergarten entry is an even stronger predictor of later school achievement than reading skills or the ability to pay attention, according to a 2007 study in the journal Developmental Psychology. This is like trying to become smarter by listening to classical music. Is it ironic that those suggesting these ideas can't separate correlation from causation? - A dissatisfied customer will tell 9-15 people about it. And approximately 13% of your dissatisfied customers will tell more than 20 people about their problem. Source: the White House Office of Consumer Affairs, Washington, DC. - Happy customers who have their problems resolved will tell 4-6 people about their positive experience. Source: the White House Office of Consumer Affairs, Washington, DC. http://www.customerservicemanager.com/customer-service-facts... I strongly encourage the "write it down" method of problem solving, aka the Feynman Algorithm. Making a text record is often a good idea, for remembering information as well as solving problems. I disagree with using paper and a pen. Why spend time drawing these letters out when we can just type them? Is it just a strategy to force yourself to slow down and think about what you're writing? There's nothing magical about manually drawing letters. Habit List and Lift are both "Motivation" apps - the whole point of the app is for it to game you into doing something. It's like a personal trainer, or paying a bum $20 to scold you whenever you reach for a cigarette across a day. Oh, and "drink more water" is an item on each list. Other article: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4450308 There was a Univ of Wisconsin study, and an "Barshop Institute for Longevity and Aging Studies at the University of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio" study, and their results contradict. Other article: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4450307 There was a Univ of Wisconsin study, and an "Barshop Institute for Longevity and Aging Studies at the University of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio" study, and their results contradict. At a minimum, I'd like to see Non-Practicing Entities be unable to sue for infringement. That would work if food were equally calorie dense. My stomach can hold about 3 cups of food most days. I can eat 3 cups of mashed potatoes (640 calories) or 3 cups of sugar (2326 calories) to feel full. We didn't have processed cane sugar and refined vegetable oils during all those years of evolution. And soda (and beer, wine, milk, every liquid with sugar in it) doesn't provide any feeling of fullness. Our species hasn't had to evolve around caloric liquids until about 3000 years ago. IFTTT: If This Then Twitter Even if both Google's and Amazon's app stores reject an app, there are still other markets. And you can just download APKs from websites/ftp/etc and install them to your android, no market required. If Google decides to only allow installs from their market, someone will just fork android and change that. Obligatory "Visual Studio?!? Oh the horror!!!" Edit: This video was well done and pleasant to watch. I know this comment will be unpopular to many who feel the injustice of cheating trumps all else. I can't help but feel like this is push-back against academia. This is illegal file sharing all over again. This is students working together using internet resources to share knowledge to advance and succeed, to disrupt their education in a way their authority figures thoroughly disapprove of. To me, it's very similar to people working together and using internet resources to share music and movies, to disrupt their entertainment experiences. I'm not sure how to feel about this. Cheating isn't always the correct answer; usually it's not. But to say it doesn't have a place in the toolbox of life is a bold-faced lie. The ways humans stratify a small part of the RF spectrum into named colors is a topic that keeps popping up. What does it tell us? This is a 7-minute audio-only piece. As much as we like to discuss paperlessness, the simple act of taking a pen or brush to paper or other surfaces to record visual ideas is too widely applicable to be really replaced. Working with stainless steel kitchen equipment fabricators and installers, you see ideas faxed from office to office, scrawled over, faxed back, scanned, emailed printed out, marked up again, faxed over again, and finally turned into a custom table to fit perfectly in one restaurant kitchen. Integrating that kind of workflow will be essential for groups looking to automate construction, such as PlanGrid. Ideally, you would be able to print out a CAD drawing, draw some extra lines (or measurements) on it, scan it, and the software would somehow import the hand-drawn lines into the CAD file. (In some ways, this situation is mirrored in sheet music - the beautiful instrumental melodies you hear are often played from sheets that have been copied, written on, erased, written again, copied after that, and written on in pen. I'm surprised nobody's developed a sheet music app.) If it were a light grey rectangle, sure. But this looks like someone scrawled on it with mspaint. Many people express this fetish for delaying gratification, but it's not for everyone. It's cute to see people getting into it and thinking the rest of us should go without. These virtues lead to a dull and unfulfilling life in today's society. Many will ignore these tenants and behave badly out of boredom. But they sure do sound good, especially in a list like that. I'd argue that these values aren't necessary to most people today in that the value doesn't solve a problem the person has. Don't forget that Jesus went around defying elders and authorities. Do you want your kids to have that type of humility? Respectfully, I think you don't know enough about my lifestyle to know what makes a good rubric for me. There's a large perception problem, but realistically tablets can meet more than 80% of the needs of 80% of users. Especially with a physical keyboard and a solid internet connection, almost any tablet (and an iPad definitely) will handle email, websites, chat, and provide a full app buffet. This is why the M interface was so big for Win8. Tablets are poised to cannibalize laptops as the primary computing devices, and the surplus will shift from manufacturers and retailers to consumers as prices drop for primary computing devices. We've never been able to deliver a package of cpu, gpu, storage, network, interfaces, inputs, outputs and displays so cheaply before. No, but I know people don't have problems which these virtues would solve, or more people would value those virtues more highly. Granted, some people would have reasons for not following them, but others would implement them if they were useful in each individual person's life. Openly committing to a policy such as this is only really useful for putting yourself on a moral pedestal above others, to improve your own self esteem or make others look bad. How is the casino able to sue the gamblers? I would think they would have to sue the card manufacturers for delivering a product that wasn't prepared as agreed, which caused material losses. Who at the casino thought that suing their customers was a good idea? I can identify plenty of situations in my own life which would be improved via pursuit of Franklin's virtues. I'd be awfully surprised if few or no others did as well. Do you pursue Franklin's virtues? If not, why not -- wouldn't you benefit? As a highway fills with cars moving the same speed, it begins to resemble a 4-lane-wide moving bus, or a huge conveyor belt. More than half of the surface of the roadway is covered with large steel boxes moving independently at the same speed, just a few feet of space between each one. When humans operate on a roadway, they don't manage cars on the roads. They manage the bubbles of space between their cars. Physics tells you that you'll need a bubble of space ahead of you for you to move your car into. Traffic jams happen because not enough "space" is "bubbling" backwards for drivers to form a bubble in which they can travel forward. The old rule of thumb is that most people drive their car 15,000 miles per year. If we assume that's 5% utilization, what does 50% utilization look like? Each car would travel closer to 150,000 miles per year. Monthly tune-ups and brake replacements. New tires twice a year. A modern combustion engine would need weekly oil changes and major maintenance every 6 months. It would last maybe 3 years under that workload. Electric car batteries may last 5 to 8 years at 150,000 miles per year. And that brings up another problem with increasing our utilization - we'll effectively be using the same amount of energy to transport ourselves, but using many fewer tools (cars) to transport ourselves. There's a limit to how quickly the batteries can be recharged in each individual car. This article isn't about how we can't sleep, it's the author telling us why he can't sleep. For me and many others, exercising before sleep will just keep us up for a few more hours. I prefer to get my exercise in the late morning or early afternoon. Unless it's a very hot day, then I like to exercise in the morning while the day is heating up. But but... My phone is my alarm clock too. And my music player. And bedside flashlight. And the PC is the HTPC for my TV...which I watch when falling asleep. Don't give him ideas for his next "blogfomerical" :p Later, the article mentions how Tesla must put up service centers in some states to be allowed to sell there. Doesn't that count as a business presence? Nothing Found Sorry, the post you are looking for is not available. Maybe you want to perform a search? That's not actually true. You'll use the plywood because it's stronger and because it's not seen. You get both the cost savings and increased structural stability, which will get you more customers. It's art. Tesla is adding service centers, which many states require for vehicles to be sold there. I think the point he's trying to imply (and you're trying to ignore ) is that Sweden effectively paid Cambodia $20 million to arrest this person. The study concludes that receiving prayer doesn't necessarily grant any health benefits, but thinking someone is praying for you may cause you to have more complications after surgery. Is that irony? Yet police can legally impersonate you if they have your cell. Police in WA state confiscated a cell from a dealer, read past messages, then set up new deals to arrest the users. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4266538 This article actually reminded me of a couple reasons I want to buy organic food - not contributing to superbugs, and concern for field workers. Chile is like LatAm's Ireland. That's really fascinating. The boat sounds almost like a mobile version of the huge wall of ice in Game of Thrones. I could see this used to construct space stations and vehicles, to be used where the vacuum of space prevented thawing. This reminds me of a mechanical-modeling "computer" that Lee Iacocca described in his autobiography. Resistors were used as struts, capacitors as springs, etc. The magnetic force of the electricity represented the force of gravity as the modelled car traveled along the simulated road. While it definitely resembles an iMac, HP has been exploring the post-mouse era a bit with their Touchsmart series, and this could be seen as a cousin to that brand. Brutal honesty can be powerful when used correctly, but too often it becomes a cover for an influential person who enjoys being a jerk to others. Normally, a company wouldn't break their DNS service on their production servers on Monday morning. They've been down all day and must be bleeding customers. This is probably some last-minute stop-gap replacement to get the minimum working again. Is there US governmental oversight of this program? Or is it just a business arrangement between numerous copyright holding companies and ISPs? It looks like the latter. After an end user has received all 6 strikes, they could be sued or the ISP could cut them off. Nothing prevents someone from being sued before completing all 6 strikes, and a user could possibly complete 6 strikes and receive no penalty. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copyright_alert_system Putting a skateboard on top of a $100 RC car would be less elegant. This is an interesting way of re-stratisfying our social hierarchy. It reminds me of a statement I read, something like "the top 1% of Americans feel they have more in common with the 1% in other countries than with the rest of the US." Except here, we're speaking of E1, not the entire 1%. Visual diagram of the system: E1 Super-elite E2 E3~=G1 We think of as 1% E4~=G2 Upper G3~=L1 Upper Middle G4~=L2 Middle L3 Lower Middle L4 Poverty U Generational unemployment This sounds a lot like the idea former N.O.W. boardmember Warren Farrell wrote in Why Men Earn More: that bias-based unequal pay for women is largely a myth, and that women are most often paid less than men not because they are discriminated against, but because they have made lifestyle choices that affect their ability to earn. http://www.amazon.com/Why-Men-Earn-More-Startling/dp/0814472... Very good article! I think it really comes down to the fact that people can rationalize anything nowadays. Get 10 people in a room and they'll all disagree on what's right and wrong. We know what happens when we put 12 angry men in a room. From Article: One of his friends is a 15 year old hacker who goes by the name of Cosmo; he's the one who discovered the Amazon credit card technique described above. And what are teenage hackers up to these days? Adapted from the Evil Overlord list[1]: 12. One of my advisors will be a 15-year-old hacker. Any flaws in my computer security that he is able to spot will be corrected before implementation. These kids should be paid to find and report these security holes, not arrested. They're producing very valuable information in their boredom. [1] http://www.eviloverlord.com/lists/overlord.html Interesting position, thinking of Zynga as a commercial business virus. It is possible that another kind of structural shift has occurred, such that workers’ skills do not match those demanded by the economy. This has been echoed by employers - they need to hire but can't find people with the right skills. Liquid unemployment needs skills to be widely transferable across a variety of jobs, which apparently is no longer the case. The work skills that most people have are no longer skills which other people find valuable. To change this state, people have to be trained, and someone has to pay for that - individuals, their parents, a company, governments, private donors, somebody. ITTET, companies believe they can't afford to hire untrained workers -- to afford to train their employees. Having a current employee do this job is cheaper than hiring, meaning companies really aren't expanding the capacity at which they can supply their respective markets. The Mulligan perspective is interesting, but it conflicts with the Laffer curve. You're concerned with maintaining your authorial credibility - if others find you're incorrect on one topic, you believe they'll lose confidence in your knowledge of other topics. Thus you're uncertain about asserting your opinion in a public forum. Basically, you're the "intelligent" parents in "Idiocracy", allowing your concerns about your actions prevent you from taking action. So because of this, you're hesitant to point out that another person is incorrect on the internet. You don't want to enter a flame war for fear of losing face. It may help to reframe the discussion as measures of progress in a direction, not in terms of success and failure. These are all tools to help people manage these overwhelming emotions and keep them as fellow productive humans in society. Neither you nor the strawman-on-the-internet are necessarily wrong , as both of your statements may provide some utility to the depressed person you want to help. This is more an exercise in how conditions as described in the DSM IV can be applied to almost anyone as easily as a horoscope or fortune cookie. A psychology prof once told us that the DSM isn't a diagnostic manual or any sort of medical text -- it's just a reference book so the insurance industry knows how to bill psychological conditions. Android was originally a Blackberry competitor. Unlike in athletics, academics isn’t necessarily a zero sum game. While in a race there is necessarily a winner and a loser, nobody in academics is held back if another student is better able to retain their information. No, but the doped student's advantage could cause her to be selected over another (undoped) student in college entrance exams, program entrance exams, and other educational competitions. Does this mean we'll soon see articles about how the Ivy League and most hacker dens dope more than the Tour de France? How much longer will you be RDPing to servers from a laptop instead of from a tablet? Between the $15 hard-ish plastic case and the $20 screen protector, my HTC Incredible has survived being dropped more than 20 times across the past 2 years. Sometimes I've clumsily dropped it 5 feet onto pavement, yet the phone is still in great condition. The rest of the time it is a competiton and is bloody damned important. Exactly. The academic system has much competition, and some professors teach through competition. Have you ever had a prof who failed the entire class then graded on a curve? So your 32% grade in the class translates to a grade of 3.6? Who is going to have access to these drugs in a third world country? Get ready to see articles about the "Nootropic Divide" between the more and less advantaged people of the world. Better, how long until employers start drug-testing for these, to make sure you're getting a sufficient dose to maximize your performance? I could see EA doing that. Great reuse of old hardware! I'm suddenly reminded of Wall-e digging for replacement parts. Here we see one way in which Android is very, very valuable to Google. I'm also curious to see what the author thinks about how Twitter should go about monetizing their model. Looking at the author's revision to the Twitter Quadrant at the bottom of the article, it may be this: 1. Fun!!! 2. ??? 3. Profit! --- I've been noticing a trend in backlash towards advertising over "social" platforms (e.g. App.net), but other than the Public Broadcasting Station model, how else can they cover costs? The bit.ly model is what the Twitter Quadrant reminds me of - providing service A for free, then providing service B (analytics of service A) for a price. Sounds like a CEO who needs to be reminded that he's also the janitor. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sample_size#Required_sample_si... Teaching and learning often occur in supportive, nurturing environments where mistakes are made, lessons are learned, and people grow. Testing usually occurs in the same room, but often has a cold, authoritarian feel to it. The human who used to happily answer your questions now quietly and soberly tells you to go back to your seat, that providing the same warm answers to your questions would be very wrong. Mistakes are punished and even talking is not allowed. Learning feels like love. Tests feel like prison. Is there a way other than testing to measure a student's progress? Very good point - objective feedback is important. How can we provide students with objective feedback without putting them through that intimidating testing environment? Will CPUs access HDDs via WIFI in the near future? Will it matter if they're in the same case anymore? You seem like the type of person who should have a personal blogspot page. Do you always need maximum speed? So we'll copy directly HDD to HDD? Solar is usually a good investment, especially when you can start selling your excess back into the powergrid for a slight profit. One of the current barriers to solar is the cost -- I think Apple have more in the bank any other company right now. As for "why there ", maybe that was one of the sunniest parts of the US. Maybe Apple has a datacenter nearby or will soon build one -- either for expansion of current cloud services or for new services. While balking at the insult of "fake Android", I think the author is in the wrong about calling AOSP the secondary tree -- many of us depend on it for our Android updates, after our carriers abandoned us and the devices they sold us. With OS updates coming from carriers and not Google, they become essentially non-existent, and each carrier's fork gets whatever spyware, adware, bloat-ware, and network lock-in they desire, locking phones to their dumb pipe.