HTTP 1.2 is an April fools joke . No, Telnet does not, in fact, intercept any character sequences unless when connecting to the telnet port (port 23). Right, the interactive escape character. That's easily fixed with "telnet -E". That is, echo -e "test\035help" | telnet -E www.google.com 80 will not give any help text output. (I was, in fact referring to telnet option negotiation which will not happen if not using the telnet port. Since the escape character for interactive use is so easily remedied, it did not occur to me to consider it a problem.) Personally, I prefer the Securing Debian Manual http://www.debian.org/doc/manuals/securing-debian-howto/ Nitpick; "shred" is a better alternative to "srm", since "shred" is always installed. This is a silly and possibly stupid idea, and calling it "Metric" does metricification a huge disservice by associating it with these kinds of foolish notions. > I came to say this. Ideally, my computer would do what I want and only what I want. This doesn't always work out, such as in the cases of multiple users or malware [...] Or Javascript. Or non-free software. Since FSF for years has had (and still have) lawyers advising them that this is indeed the case, what is your authority to claim otherwise? Or, in other words, citation needed. > [...] FSF is clearly the only group that believes this [...] So, it should be no trouble for you to provide a citation from an legal authority which states otherwise? Note: Sweden does not have total darkness for half of the year. Firstly, 85% of Sweden is below the arctic circle, and does get daylight every day. Secondly, the 15% that is above the arctic circle is the most remote and least populated part of Sweden. Thirdly, even above the arctic circle in wintertime, it seldom actually gets dark as you might imagine; the sun is just below the horizon much of the time, and you merely get a sort of twilight/early morning light. Meanwhile, in Europe, RIPE ran out of IPv4 a year ago[1], and people have been happily implementing IPv6 ever since. In Sweden, there is a government directive[2] that all state infrastructure should implement IPv6 and DNSSEC by this year (2013) at the latest. 1) https://www.ripe.net/internet-coordination/ipv4-exhaustion 2) http://www.regeringen.se/sb/d/15234/a/177127 It would also be completely useless, as implementing the reassignment would dwarf the cost of moving to IPv6. No, if everybody maxes out a 1 Gbps line, the ISPs will invest in faster networks. See, you'd like to think so. You'd like to think that there's an easy solution not involving you, because it would mean you don't have to do anything or learn anything new. However, as pointed out in many other comments in this thread, this (and many other knee-jerk reaction "solutions") won't actually work, or would be significantly more expensive than implementing IPv6. It's been on the horizon for nearly 20 years. It's coming soon now. The IPv4 end is nigh. Repent! No, such a thing does not exist. At least not automatically. There are stories[1] about large corporations getting complaints from end customers in Asia about not being reachable - and it turns out the customers only have IPv6. IPv4 FAIL. (Note: APNIC ran out of IPv4 addresses more than two years ago [2], and has had rapid internet expansion in the mean time. Asians are heavy IPv6 adopters.) Such a thing you imagine could conceivably be implemented, but it would be an extra thing for the IPv6-only ISPs to implement, and they do not have the incentive to do so. The current companies with servers do have an incentive to be reachable by IPv6-only customers, and are the only parties who can reasonably solve the situation, by implementing IPv6. 1) https://www.iis.se/blogg/ipv6-nar-sent-inforande-kostar-peng... (Swedish) 2) https://www.apnic.net/publications/news/2011/final-8 The entire internet infrastructure (backbone routers, etc.) is already using IPv6, so the cost of implementing IPv6 is, by now, entirely on the end-site side. You should also include a number of additional cost of reassignment, including growth of routing table size. I'm sorry to inform you that apparently your ISP, your workplace and your university are all either lazy, lying, or both. Implementing IPv6 takes, maybe, a few weeks if you have many servers and a large internal network. If all you have is a webserver which you want to be reachable by IPv6-only customers, an interim solution (tunnel) can be implemented in a few minutes. You might think such a scheme is "requisite", but the fact remains that there is insufficient incentive for the ISPs to do them, and they plainly don't do them, as my cited example shows. You can assign blame however you like, but it won't help your IPv6 customers/users to reach your servers. If you have experience with Asian ISPs, could you then maybe report on how common it is for them to have IPv6-only versus IPv6-plus-transition-mechanism? This data would be better than my anecdotal story about an unnamed company, so please provide any you have. Right, a Gmail address. Like he should write anything sensitive there. http://www.potaroo.net/ispcol/2013-08/when.html Currently the estimate indicates September 2014. > authors can't do anything substantial or meaningful without making it a job(and needing money to do it). Citation needed, please. If people switch from GCC to Clang/LLVM in enough numbers that Apple think they can get away with it, Apple will, in a heartbeat, close the development of Clang/LLVM and make all new versions proprietary. Not with a modern browser with SNI. This transmits the host name in the initial unencrypted portion of the SSL connection. @dorolow, your comment is dead because it used the auto-banned word "mast?rb?tion" (uncensored). FYI. More petty than pithy (or pity), I think. Found an english version of the directive (PDF): http://www.government.se/content/1/c6/18/19/14/70f489cb.pdf Page 40, Actions , first paragraph: “In addition, all authorities should make use of DNSSEC and be reachable with IPv6 by 2013.” Try it and see. I fail to see how what Snowden has done has promoted world peace. The Nobel Peace prize is not (recent awardees notwithstanding) a we-like-you prize. It's supposed to be about world peace , and I just don't see how Snowden has advanced that particular goal. Or am I just dense? I did say “recent awardees notwithstanding”. I'm sorry, I still don't see the link between "[curbing] government abuses" and "promoting peace". What is the link? Freedom, yes, but peace ? That's disgusting. I knew that. It's still disgusting. “Anything you do will be insignificant, but it is vitally important that you do it .” Someone could take apart such a switch once and verify that it works, and then tell everyone else who owns such a device. With software, this is very hard, and when software can be updated at any time it is impossible. The link shown in the screenshot is http://uj3wazyk5u4hnvtk.onion/ but I thought TPB's "TOR hidden service" link was http://jntlesnev5o7zysa.onion/ . I wonder what's going on. But that was my point; both sites look like TPB. Which is the real one and which is a potentially logging proxy? OK, none. But at least the real one has a proven history of not injecting malware. Or something, I don't know. Logging was just an example of what a malicious middleman might do. “Tell it to the jusdge.” Obvious cheap shot is obvious. I think the problem is the title - it sets up high expectations. When it turns out that an ordinary store-bought racing bike would have worked just as well, and the high speed is reached not by the bike being special, but by drafting behind a car, then the disappointment sets in. If the story had been "Guy builds racing bike from scratch, goes drafting with it just to see what it can do", then it would have been the cool inspiring story of the hacker spirit. But now it wasn't - it was framed. The Youtube video is only the first hour. The real video is two and a half hours. That would be a Lisp Machine or a Smalltalk environment. It's looking for prime numbers. If you do not know why you are doing it, then you will not do either. You mean, as long as they can't be updated period . The data is stored somewhere. It's stored in the cache memory of all the routers in between. Perhaps. But even if no-one would pay money for a direct software download/package, this does not preclude sponsorship of companies to free software projects they wish to be more developed. Indeed, there are many such large projects. As long as we're trading comic links - it can also be used as perimeter defense. http://freefall.purrsia.com/ff100/fv00014.htm or as a method for private communication http://freefall.purrsia.com/ff800/fv00751.htm What a veiled FUD. If you doubt the text, check the references . And this is the real reason why museums don't allow photography. Facebook does, in fact, require you to log in to see a lot of content. This may be due to mistaken settings on the content by its uploader, but that's more or less irrelevant. When I follow a link to a Facebook page about a person or event or something, the chances are about 50/50 that I'll simply see a "please log in" box. I thought this would be about the dangers of not checking for integer overflow. I struggled to come up with a method which, in C, safely converts a string to an integer type. I finally did it¹, but I've yet to see someone else use this method. 1) http://stackoverflow.com/a/542833/54435 I'm thinking that most simply don't have the intelligence connections to endure the blackmail game. But is it any good at those problems? Not entirely fictional. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moskstraumen “But let us raise a toast to all our bombers, all our bastards, most unlovely and most unforgivable, let's drink their health… …then meet with them no more.” — V For a while I thought you meant Seymour Cray, or one of the supercomputers he designed and built. Was it so hard to type one letter in support of readability? Or is "cray" its own word now? I was aware of this, but was genuinely confused for a few moments, since I would have hoped that a reference to Seymour Cray was more likely on this forum than such, as you put it, “vernacular” forms of expression. The top level servers (for .com in this case) has A (and/or AAAA) records for the name servers to prevent this kind of catch-22. These out-of zone records are called glue records . Well, as he said, “Spin doctoring is no substitute for substance.”. I suggest you try it again. It's not nearly as slow now as it once was. Occasionally you get a slow path. If this happens and you're in a hurry, just press the "New Identity" button to get a new random path. It usually works. It's called "StopIteration", not "StopIterationError", because it is not an error . does not do anything, even inside a . — (President) Youth, with its enthusiasms, which rebels against any accepted norm because it must, and we sympathize. It may wear flowers in its hair and bells on its toes, but when the common good is threatened, when the functioning of society is endangered, such revolts must cease! They are non-productive, and must be abolished! [...] — (President) Guilty! Read the charge! — (Delegate) The prisoner has been charged with the most serious breach of social etiquette: Cultural defiance of the elementary laws which sustain our community. Questioning the decisions of those we voted to govern us. Unhealthy aspects of speech and dress, not in accordance with general practice. And the refusal to observe, wear, or respond to his number! (Quotes from “The Prisoner”, Episode 17, “Fall Out”, 1967) The official documentation is really quite excellent. I think you are confused — at no time are any files passed as arguments in the command "find . | wc -l". Also, to count the number of files in a directory, you need to do readdir(), which will get you the names. Then, to see if any of them are directories to be recursed into you need to stat() the names individually. This is all "find" does. How , I'd very much like to know, is this "a nasty hack"? You apparently think that "commercial" and "making money from software" must, must mean "proprietary" and "closed source" software. RMS and the FSF disagree strongly with this and see no inherent conflict between the two. Either you didn't know and were honestly ignorant, or you were deliberately trying to confuse the issue. Now you've changed the subject from " Stallman, et. al are also against anyone making any money from building software " to " [...] it's very challenging to make money off open source software ", which is a separate point entirely. Just like pentesters are good and competent at breaking security but might not necessarily be good designers of secure software or systems. The Gruntmaster 3000 The title “Cocktails for programmers” gives me the same feeling as would the phrase “Leaf blowers for stamp collectors”. Yes, a stamp collector might use a leaf blower, but it would not be relevant to collecting stamps. On the contrary, using a leaf blower while collecting stamps would be… inadvisable. These conferences are not supposed to be maximizing the "fun" factor for the attendees. The conferences are, first and foremost supposed to be useful for collaboration and networking in their stated field . > you can't force people to sit down and talk nodejs with you if they want to drink instead. Apparently, if you give most technical conference attendees the option (and venue, drinks, transport, etc), they will opt for going drinking in environments not suited for conversation. If this happens, I interpret it as a failure of the conference organizers. Why? Because their job is to organize a conference , not a party. If they want to leave some time for people to party (or pray, or go skinny-dipping, or windsurfing, etc.), then they can do so. However, to actively encourage people to be non-networking and to not talk (usefully) about the actual conference topic is, in my view, an anti-pattern of conferences. If you give conference attendees the option to have that much fun, they will take it and go party instead of, you know, networking and discussing the conference topic with their professional peers. This, to me, is not a successful outcome of a conference. (I think you are reading into my comment something I did not write. I do not know what you think my "idea of a conference" would be.) I have tried to have technical conversations at parties and in bars with people I know to be interested in and knowledgeable in the topic. It's basically impossible. Firstly, the loud music and other conversation makes it very hard to hear what they're saying, and the things said therefore tend to be simplified into what can be said simply in short words. Secondly, they are often drunk and/or more interested in talking about beer or something than the topic they presumably are at the conference to advance. This is, of course, understandable; they're not expecting to have anything whatsoever to do with the conference topic at the party, since nobody else is, either. Thirdly, there are no whiteboards to use as discussion aids. It's also quite dark, and it's often cramped so you can't easily show somebody something by moving around. Basically, bars and party rooms are not exactly conducive to productive discussions. (In the past there would also be no internet and, further back, no computers, but that has thankfully become a non-issue these days.) This gives us four possibilities: 1. This geared creature must be considered part mechanical. A cyborg, if you will. 2. A "gear" is no longer (and was never) a "mechanical" device, but instead an organic one. Using gears is no longer (and was maybe never) doing mechanics. 3. Whether something is mechanical or organic depends on the process which created it. This is the "colored bits" or "patent" view. (If I build something using intuition instead of reason, am I no longer doing mechanics?) 4. A gear is no longer (and was never) either mechanic or organic, and is simply a physical process. The whole "mechanical" and "organic" division is a false dichotomy. > You are saying that conferences should not be like parties, because conferences are not like parties Not quite. What I am saying is that conferences and parties have different goals. The goal of a conference is to advance the field. The goal of a party is to have fun. The goal of a conference is not advanced by organizing a party, nor is the goal of a party advanced by organizing a conference. A conference can (and perhaps should ) have many elements of a party in it — evening social activities, perhaps even in a bar where alcolhol (gasp!) is consumed. All of this may be perfectly fine. But, these activities should be organized with the goal of the conference in mind. However, what many conference organizers seem to do is fill the days with talks, (while minimizing the time between talks to fit as many as possible), and then on the evenings they try to organize the best party they can think of. The best party , mind you, not the best socializing activity , which might have advanced the networking in the field, but the best party , whatever the tastes of the organizers and/or the prospective attendees. This makes the conference a series of undiscussed talks in the daytime, followed by a series of usually pounding party keggers at night. The talks can be watched at home if they are filmed, and the parties can be had locally, too. There is no reason to attend these kinds of conferences. Unless, of course, you are already connected and go to any number of conferences a year and meet all the same people — your party buddies. I still think you see me through some kind of tinted shades which makes you think I am saying things I am not saying. However, I have run out of ideas on how to explain myself in yet other ways. EDIT: I think now that we are having a word definition debate here. When you say that “many conferences aren't like that“, then I would call those themed parties, not conferences. Yes. But if the socialising and drinking activities are not organized to be conducive to networking, then it's a party with no benefit to the goals of the conference. See my comment here https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6376546 where I already agreed that “a conference can (and perhaps should) have many elements of a party in it”. An analogy might help: If people like more sugar in their food, and adding sugar to it increases sales, then what we ultimately will get is not food, but candy, labeled "Food". Therefore, even giving paying customers what they not only ask for, but actually do want, might still not be a good idea. I think you are doing the same faulty comparison you made with board games in another comment. The purpose of all those activities (party, board games, bowling) is to have fun . I'm saying that the very definition of a conference is that it has a different goal. Conferences can (and should , by all means possible) be as fun as possible, but with the goal of the conference taking slight precedence . Since having a party-like atmosphere will make people come to the conference, by all means conferences should have them. But one should keep in mind that the party-like atmosphere does not obscure or negate the purpose of the conference in the first place. Wow, that old clip. I seem to recall that floating around the Internet even before the time of YouTube. Nice to finally see it in a decent resolution, though! ☺ You seem to be making the same point as untog did in this comment: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6376678 Therefore, see my reply to untog's comment. Well, I guess it comes down to what the definition of “conference” is, I suppose. I'm very much reminded of these: http://www.cracked.com/blog/5-things-nobody-tells-you-about-... http://www.cracked.com/blog/the-5-stupidest-habits-you-devel... http://www.cracked.com/blog/4-things-politicians-will-never-... Especially the last one. EDIT: Fixed last link Fixed, thanks. (I meant to post three links, but I mistakenly posted one of the links twice instead.) There's a problem starting such a collective (which is, in effect, what you are proposing): Housing. To have many people live together, you need square footage (or m², for metric people). This necessitates a large apartment or house. Such a thing, (if not bought outright, ha, ha, just kidding), will be expensive. The landlord will need a single legal person to be responsible for the paying of this rent, and own the lease. And I think we can assume from our premise that none of the individuals in question will have anything close to the sort of documented income or credit history to make any sensible landlord agree to the lease. “My friends will totally chip in to pay the rent!” is just not going to work. So there's a bootstrapping problem which I think is mostly insurmountable. Which is a shame, because it's a good plan, otherwise. This is in university areas, with many students, I assume. In those areas, the large masses of students have made landlords open to this kind of arrangement, and they are used to dealing with students and their… special… economic situation. But try it in a non-university town where non-students vastly outnumber the students? I don't think so. The landlord has everything to risk and nothing to gain by doing strange and unfamiliar things. If they have even heard of the practice, it's only for students, in student-dense areas, in housing long used in this way, with all the features (internal locks for each room, etc.). Why would they risk their nice house when they can just rent to somebody else? I think you lucked out and found “absentee landlords”. I can't see these things being commonly accepted practice among landlords — as you say, your neighbors hated you and you were far from the norm in the area. But just because you lucked out doesn't mean that it's just as easy for someone else, in another area. To actually create something like this on purpose, somewhere close to where you happen to have gotten a good job? That is hard. Evolved creatures are a strange mix of clever hacks and design-by-committe horrors. http://threepanelsoul.com/2010/07/05/on-design-by-committee/ I did not invent the nonsense, it was implied by the existence of the article itself. If this flea had used some hitherto unknown chemical reaction, there would have been no article. But use a toothed gear-like structure instead, and suddenly it's an article and a post to HN, no less. This implies that it's something special with gears, which I tried to assume in my comment. I tried to present the inherent contradiction in assuming that gears are special by arguing from the reluctant viewpoint of someone who thinks it is true. Many commenters seemed to think I was asking a question of which of the possibilities was the correct one, and (correctly) answered that the fourth one was correct. This was not my intent, I merely wanted people to reflect on the possibilities and come to their own conclusion. Interesting. I would guess that the general economics have forced the landlords to accept and perhaps even promote this scheme, as it's the only was they can find a market for their services. I wonder if this acceptance will keep once the economics changes? If that's the case, why hasn't this naturally occured everywhere? Why only in Australia and for students in university towns? Things like grocery stores tend to be further away in the US, thereby costing more fuel to get to. “And a very small percentage of readers feel convinced that the furor is resulting from people not realizing that the host is opening a losing door on purpose. (But they haven’t read my mail! The great majority of people understand the conditions perfectly.)“ — Marilyn vos Savant Data analysis, maybe? You completely (again!) ignored his question about where you get your data from. That was extremely rude of you. The Computer is your friend. One thing this site is also “about” is that things should scale . Which this method of dealing with the above-mentioned problem does not . A useful comparison might be made with marijuana (where it is legal). It's not everyone's thing, and people should not assume it is, and instead design social events so both those who indulge and those who don't can usefully interact. Further reading (The “Leaf blowers for stamp collectors” thread): https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6373983 The 4th is ( http://www.recompile.se/ ). We aren't very active yet - still trying to find the right hook to get people interested. We aim to provide a professional-style software development environment with somewhat of a free software activism slant. We do currently cooperate with the Filurum ( https://www.facebook.com/filurum ) gifted children group to provide a meeting place every week - in fact, it's what I'm doing later today. It is pretty disingenuous of you to claim that you can't get support, patches or bug fixes for any Linux distro from 2007. You can easily get those things. Just not for free . Just pay from the money you saved by not buying Windows Vista, and attribute some of this to the cost of not upgrading your operating system for six years . ◯ As is common, Joel said it all back in 2000: “Whaddaya Mean, You Can't Find Programmers?” http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000050.html Yes: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backronym > dash in place of bash by default in Debian, for instance Dash takes the place of the Posix binary /bin/sh for performance and memory reasons. The default shell for users remains /bin/bash — this is what a terminal application will run, which is what a “shell” is supposed to be. The /bin/sh thing is not supposed to be viewed as the shell, and its replacement is a non-issue in this context. Originally you said “a lot of GNU pieces have become less central or been displaced in many distros”. I challenge this statement and put it to you to provide examples. Simply saying “there are probably other examples” will not do. This sounds like simply wishful thinking to me. > So you don't think bash is now "less central"? The replacement of /bin/sh is not replacing bash. Bash has not been replaced. > Clang now provides an alternative C compiler. Yes, but are any Linux distributions actually switching to Clang? "Curses" actually refers to "curses". "ncurses" is new curses . From Wikipedia: “[…] ncurses is a free software emulation (clone) of the System V Release 4.0 (SVr4) curses, which was itself an enhancement over the discontinued classic 4.4 BSD curses.” “It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it!” — Upton Sinclair > You can see on the right side how his "cars per second" is _exactly the same_ than on the left side. Is it my browser, or is this completely wrong? For me, the right side moves about double the amount of cars into the upper edge of the image. And I believe that this is the point of the section — it wouldn’t make any sense otherwise. (Slightly OT) You do not have Google. Google has Google, and currently allows you to use it, with certain conditions, caveats, and fine print. Some people might not like the uncertainty and/or the tradeoffs required. Please do not act as if everyone should accept them as a fact of life. Besides, it makes more sense for an application to implement its own search, since the application has both the domain knowledge and direct access to all its own data. The lamp is irrelevant. Look at the cars . > Title: Why Not Use Port Knocking? For me, the answer is simple: It violates Kerckhoffs’s principle¹. If you want more secret bits that users need to know in order to access your system, increase your password lengths . If you want to keep log sizes manageable, adjust your logging levels . 1) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kerckhoffs%27s_principle Changing port is the wrong solution to large log files. This seems obvious to me, but maybe I can put forward another drawback of changing the port number: It is confusing . I mean, you could easily stop using the DNS and use raw IP addresses for everything - this should cut down on your attacks and maybe even spam, right? Nobody does this because it it insanely inconvenient, and ignores the solution to this inconvenience which DNS is. Standardized port numbers exist for many reasons - do not abandon them and create complexity for your fellows merely for your personal convenience. > The sequence of ports becomes a key. Yes, I agree completely. Which is why it buys you nothing compared to simply increasing your password/key lengths with the equivalent number of bits. On the contrary, it introduces confusing complexity for oneself and one’s fellows. Maybe this is what unconscionable people call “Job security”? > equivalent to adding a thin wood plank It is less like a thin wooden plank and more like a hedge maze which all legitimate users also must traverse each time. And all the hedges are made of asbestos. > it's not a security measure and it will inconvenience someone every once in a while So why do it ? And port knocking will inconvenience every user, all the time. > setting the port in ssh config costs you nothing It costs complexity for all users of the system. This includes you, all other people using it, all servers and their services wanting SSH access, etc. Standards are a good thing. If you have cause to worry about security holes in SSH, you should not rely on port knocking to protect you. > for a couple of sysadmins who cares we broke some standard?) (. I think I'll change the protocol numbers of TCP and UDP to use each others' numbers. Complete protection! No standard TCP/IP stack will be able to connect! Yay! .) Other have commented that this is a very thin API on top of the already existing LCX system. This worries me - maybe this is a move from Google to be able to switch away from Linux (their last GPL component in Android). “It only needs one small thing; if he will answer one simple question, the rest will follow. Why did he resign?” — № 2, The Prisoner , The Chimes of Big Ben “He knows when you are sleeping, he knows when you’re awake…” № 2: It doesn’t matter which side runs the village. № 6: It’s run by one side or the other? № 2: Oh, certainly. But both sides are becoming identical . What, in fact, has been created, is an international community – a perfect blueprint for world order. When the sides, facing each other, suddenly realize that they are looking into a mirror, they will see that this is the pattern for the future. № 6: The whole Earth, as the village? № 2: That is my hope. What’s yours? № 6: I’d like to be the first man on the moon. — № 2 & № 6, The Prisoner , The Chimes of Big Ben , 1967 Those are awfully vague allusions. If you have something to say and can back it up, then speak your piece. > Beating the shit out of an anti-gay protester I couldn't possibly care less about, though. So freedom of speech is only for things you (and I) agree with? It's not a big mystery, but, unlike you, I care about people getting assaulted for peacefully expressing their dissenting opinion, no matter how stupid they might be. I believe in caring about the right of unpopular opinions to be expressed — this is the essence of free speech. Space hulk! There was once a programmer who was attached to the court of the warlord of Wu. The warlord asked the programmer: “Which is easier to design: an accounting package or an operating system?” “An operating system,” replied the programmer. The warlord uttered an exclamation of disbelief. “Surely an accounting package is trivial next to the complexity of an operating system,” he said. “Not so,” said the programmer, “when designing an accounting package, the programmer operates as a mediator between people having different ideas: how it must operate, how its reports must appear, and how it must conform to tax laws. By contrast, an operating system is not limited by outward appearances. When designing an operating system, the programmer seeks the simplest harmony between machine and ideas. This is why an operating system is easier to design.” The warlord of Wu nodded and smiled. “That is all good and well,” he said, “but which is easier to debug?” The programmer made no reply. — The Tao of Programming , Geoffrey James Yes; I often direct people to this RFC. Unlike the linked site, the RFC is most useful for its extensive list on what to avoid in a host name. Very good list with all reasoning explained. That could bite you if you happen to start to work with someone with that name. Therefore, RFC 1178 recommmends not naming hosts using names of people. Yes. For some people this is not a choice , as such. It’s like wearing slightly uglier, slightly less comfortable clothes because they weren’t made by child slave labor. Is there a true choice what to wear? If you eliminate some number of products from your universe, random chance alone dictate that some of them must be the best at what they do, and you will be left with, for that program’s purpose, a product which makes you less productive. To search your home, a warrant is needed. To search a remote site, less is needed, and you might never know it’s been searched, back-doored and compromised. If I’m understanding you correctly, you are implying that it’s OK to buy things produced by child slave labor, because otherwise the slave children would starve. This is… an argument I won’t get into. Suffice it to say, I was merely trying to construct an analogy to demonstrate why, sometimes, using something less than the “best” product is preferable, and why, for some people, it can’t be considered a choice to use the less efficient product. That wouldn’t work. People subjected to this would: 1. Immediately kill the messenger, and 2. Continue to open executable mail attachments, because nothing bad has ever happened that didn’t work itself out in the end. But are you better for it, or have you just spent more time of your life watching what are, essentially, ads? Well, submit a FOIA request for it and see what happens. “I will never be a friend to the Roman people.” — Hannibal │ │ grid lines ─→ │ │ ╲ │ point │ ↘ │↙ │ ───────┼────────┼─────── │░░░░░░░░│ │░░░░░░░░│ │░░░░░───┼── pixel │░░░░░░░░│ │░░░░░░░░│ ───────┼────────┼─────── │ │ │ │ │ │ │ │ │ │ Figure 3. Points and Pixels …in 20 years, when the patent expires. That would not be assuming the worst; A J. Edgar Hoover 2.0 would still be a person . “Of all tyrannies, a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It would be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron’s cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end for they do so with the approval of their own conscience.” — C.S. Lewis I think nobody is denying that it adds security . The question is, does the added security offset the increased complexity and associated difficulties? As I understand his argument, it’s “Changing port number add security, therefore it’s a good idea.” I think nobody argues that it adds security . The problem is that: 1. It adds very little security: 16 bits is not much, and the result is not 256 bits (say) of SSH key plus 16 bits equals 272 bits, but instead effectively still 256 bits, or 256+8×10⁻⁷³ bits. 2. The security it adds is itself bad (sent in cleartext, easily brute-forced) 3. These problems stand against the many drawbacks of this previously discussed (complexity, confusion, etc.). And the final argument: If increased security is what you want, simply increase your key lengths and/or password lengths , and you will get much more than 8×10⁻⁷³ bits of security, without any of the above problems. There are more effective rate-limiting settings in the SSH daemon, and these have the bonus of not impairing the functionality of the rest of the TCP/IP stack. It follows, obviously, that creating these log entries in the first place (much less reporting them ) is a silly thing to do, just as receiving firewall logs for every packet to a closed port would be. I used the word “complexity” not in the meaning of “the installed system is more complex for having more software in it”, but in the sense of “I don’t want to feel like I’m entering Diagon Alley just for wanting to use SSH” – i.e. complex to use , not complex to set up . But your interpretation works too – they are both valid arguments, in my opinion. > But for the extra bit of protection against 0-days I am not in a position where I feel I need to worry about remotely exploitable 0-days in my SSH daemon. If you are, then your situation is, I feel, exceptional. That said, perhaps those people should sponsor a project to fix this for real . This could be accomplished by having not one program, but two, one after the other, both with realistic keysizes and security. The password/key to get log in would be then be the combination of two separate keys, one for each program. But what I have described is more or less the same as having a key/password-protected tunnel on top of SSH, so they could just use that. A 0-day in the tunnel/VPN would not allow access through SSH, and a 0-day in SSH would not matter since SSH can’t be accessed directly in the first place. This way, both the tunnel and SSH would need a 0-day at the same time for the security to fail. Like a RAID-1 array. If even this is not sufficiently secure, just increase the number of layers. > and bullshit amounts of logs This is a separate problem, better addressed by adjusting SSH to not log stupid amounts of stuff in the first place. > But, if they wanted to get more people using their library, I think that they should rethink their approach. They actually don’t want as many people as possible using their library. That is not the goal when choosing the GPL. The goal is to maximize the number of free users in the world – that is, users who have the freedoms which define Free Software. Mere users is inconsequential. If users is what you desire, then by all means, choose a permissive license (MIT/BSD/etc). > for a reasonable price. Either the license will be cheap, in which case nobody will get rich from it, or it will be expensive, in which case no product companies will buy the license and nobody will get rich from it. Basically, nobody will get rich from it. In 20 years, however, when the patent expires, it will be old tech, so probably only a single company will dare to invest research into a new product using this now-old tech. This company will know what happened last time: If the license was expensive, they will try to be cheap to avoid the same mistake twice, and it will be good tech, sold cheaply, which will probably sell well and make them a lot of money. If the license was cheap, they will want to avoid the stigma of the glut of low-quality goods the cheap license allowed back in the day, so the new product will be high-end (probably renamed and re-purposed to another field), which means a high margin, which has a good chance of making them a lot of money. Basically, some company will probably make a lot of money. In 20 years, when the patent expires. And maybe take a relaxing six-month vacation while you’re at it? Face it, not everyone is privileged enough to “quit on the spot” just like that. Reminds me of this: Don't Wake Up the Programmer! http://alexthunder.livejournal.com/309815.html He knows. Check out his comment history to see why he is. Piping commands to a shell will subject your (probably already completely specified) command names and argument to all sorts of modifications: brace expansion, tilde expansion, parameter and variable expansion, command substitution, arithmetic expansion, word splitting, and pathname expansion. I never do that; If I need a trial loop, I do the loop with all the relevant commands prepended by "echo" (and every ";", "&", "&&", and "||" properly escaped). Or slashdot. > People still buy LPs Effectively, they don’t. It just looks like they do, because compared to CDs, LPs do sell. But , nobody buys CDs or any physical media with music anymore. From https://www.gnu.org/prep/standards/html_node/GNU-Manuals.htm... The preferred document format for the GNU system is the Texinfo formatting language. Every GNU package should (ideally) have documentation in Texinfo both for reference and for learners. Texinfo makes it possible to produce a good quality formatted book, using TeX, and to generate an Info file. It is also possible to generate HTML output from Texinfo source. [...] Make sure your manual is clear to a reader who knows nothing about the topic and reads it straight through. This means covering basic topics at the beginning, and advanced topics only later. This also means defining every specialized term when it is first used. Programmers tend to carry over the structure of the program as the structure for its documentation. But this structure is not necessarily good for explaining how to use the program; it may be irrelevant and confusing for a user. Instead, the right way to structure documentation is according to the concepts and questions that a user will have in mind when reading it. This principle applies at every level, from the lowest (ordering sentences in a paragraph) to the highest (ordering of chapter topics within the manual). Sometimes this structure of ideas matches the structure of the implementation of the software being documented—but often they are different. An important part of learning to write good documentation is to learn to notice when you have unthinkingly structured the documentation like the implementation, stop yourself, and look for better alternatives. For example, each program in the GNU system probably ought to be documented in one manual; but this does not mean each program should have its own manual. That would be following the structure of the implementation, rather than the structure that helps the user understand. Instead, each manual should cover a coherent topic . For example, instead of a manual for diff and a manual for diff3, we have one manual for “comparison of files” which covers both of those programs, as well as cmp. By documenting these programs together, we can make the whole subject clearer. The manual which discusses a program should certainly document all of the program’s command-line options and all of its commands. It should give examples of their use. But don’t organize the manual as a list of features. Instead, organize it logically, by subtopics. Address the questions that a user will ask when thinking about the job that the program does. Don’t just tell the reader what each feature can do—say what jobs it is good for, and show how to use it for those jobs. Explain what is recommended usage, and what kinds of usage users should avoid. In general, a GNU manual should serve both as tutorial and reference. It should be set up for convenient access to each topic through Info, and for reading straight through (appendixes aside). A GNU manual should give a good introduction to a beginner reading through from the start, and should also provide all the details that hackers want. The Bison manual ( https://www.gnu.org/software/bison/manual/html_node/Concepts... ) is a good example of this—please take a look at it to see what we mean. That is not as hard as it first sounds. Arrange each chapter as a logical breakdown of its topic, but order the sections, and write their text, so that reading the chapter straight through makes sense. Do likewise when structuring the book into chapters, and when structuring a section into paragraphs. The watchword is, at each point, address the most fundamental and important issue raised by the preceding text . If necessary, add extra chapters at the beginning of the manual which are purely tutorial and cover the basics of the subject. These provide the framework for a beginner to understand the rest of the manual. The Bison manual ( https://www.gnu.org/software/bison/manual/html_node/Concepts... ) provides a good example of how to do this. To serve as a reference, a manual should have an Index that lists all the functions, variables, options, and important concepts that are part of the program. One combined Index should do for a short manual, but sometimes for a complex package it is better to use multiple indices. The Texinfo manual includes advice on preparing good index entries, see Making Index Entries ( https://www.gnu.org/software/texinfo/manual/texinfo/html_nod... ) in GNU Texinfo, and see Defining the Entries of an Index ( https://www.gnu.org/software/texinfo/manual/texinfo/html_nod... ) in GNU Texinfo. Don’t use Unix man pages as a model for how to write GNU documentation; most of them are terse, badly structured, and give inadequate explanation of the underlying concepts. (There are, of course, some exceptions.) Also, Unix man pages use a particular format which is different from what we use in GNU manuals. [...] Personally, I am just observing the complete vanishing of brick-and-mortar stores for physical media of music, and extrapolating. I could certainly be mistaken. Even the document I cited conceded that there are some very good Unix man pages — BSD Awk may very well be one of many, I have not read it. It follows, logically, that there could be some very bad Info documentation manuals, and the GNU Awk manual may very well be one of many; I have not read it. This does not disprove the point the citation made; namely, that the Unix man page structure is unsuitable for many things since its structure tends to make people write manuals badly, and there is no place for the kind of introductions and tutorials that good manuals should contain. On the contrary, the man page format lends itself to very strict and terse reference documentation, which is not what I would call a “manual”, as such. Someone should perhaps do a study of which of the two formats seem to generate the better documentation. > The bit that pisses me off is: man awk (see info awk instead). I think they fixed that but it was a pain in the butt for years. Is it in man or is it in info? The official GNU system documentation is in Info. Now, the GNU system is meant to be compatible with Unix, and Unix uses man pages. And since many GNU tools were (and are) not actually developed to be used in the GNU system as such, but instead find their major use and development as parts of various Unix variants, it follows that most of them have Unix have man pages too. Since writing documentation is work, and writing duplicated documentation is even more work, the man pages for GNU tools are often overly terse, incomplete and/or out of date compared to the Info documentation, which is the official documentation. Some well-known exceptions exist, notably GNU Bash does not have any Info documentation, but instead has an (enormously long) Unix man page. (You are demonstrably wrong, but I will address your implied point instead of your hyperbole.) I think that the hostility to Info comes from exposure to the standalone Info reader. It is non-intuitive, non-Unix-like, and does, as far as I know, not even support text attributes, so it looks bad even for a text-based UI. It is not very newbie friendly (like GNU nano with its very explicit menus to guide you). Nor is it consistent with other Unix-based text UIs like “vim” or “less”. Instead it behaves like a brain-damaged Emacs, but without even many basic text-navigation features from Emacs, so even Emacs users feel lost in Info. I feel that if someone made a module for vim or something to read and navigate Info documentation (and made it the default instead of the barebones standalone Info reader), then Unix people would warm up to Info documentation. Personally, I read Info documentation using the Emacs built-in reader. It is, unofficially I think, the canonical Info documentation reader, and it is beautifully integrated with Emacs. I prefer reading most manuals this way (if they have an Info version). An internet search will give me many different choices of documentation of unknown provenance, authorship, official status, datedness, accuracy, and comprehensibility. This, to me, is not helpful, since I have no way of knowing which are any good, even after reading them. On the other hand, Info documentation will give me the official, up-to-date, correct, and mostly well-written documentation. Internet searches certainly have their place if I want forum posts, mailing lists or blog posts, which I sometimes do. But I often want the official documentation corresponding exactly to my installed version of the software, and this is often harder to find using a web search than simply using the Info documentation, because of the above issues. Also, something to keep in mind in these modern times is that web usage is monitored. Local reading of Info documentation is not. Tools for searching Info pages are built-in to most Info browsers. I use the Emacs Info browser, which has both the usual Emacs way of searching (C-s and C-r searches both in the current node and in the whole document), and the Info Index, which is what I start with when looking up the reference documentation for something. Also, contrary to what you claim, Info documentation can and do contain images. For example, the HTML GnuTLS documentation here: ( http://gnutls.org/manual/html_node/OpenPGP-certificates.html ) was generated from Texinfo, and the images are still there when I browse the corresponding Info documentation with the Emacs Info reader. Those images are simple because they are generated from Dia drawings via EPS files, but images can be anything, just like in HTML. > My problem with info is the document structure. The manual for each application seems to be structured so differently with topics under specific titles and subtitles, I always get lost and it takes me a while to find the thing I'm looking for. Use the index – it’s what it’s there for. In the usual Info readers, it’s the “i” key. This is what I use when, for instance, reading the GNU C Library manual and wanting the documentation for a specific function, struct or macro. If you want the command-line switches for the “foo” command, the node to go to in the manual you find yourself when invoking “info foo” is called “foo invocation”; you go to a specified node using the “g” key. Then you simply use the space key to navigate serially through all the following nodes. There are only three more keys that I use when reading Info documentation.¹ I think it’s mostly a question of habit. Man pages has taught you to read mostly the whole document quickly, while scanning for the information you need. These are habits unsuitable to both to reading a book of printed documentation or Info documentation. If you have a specific idea of what you want to find, you use the index. 1) The “l” key – “l” for “last” – corresponds to a web browser’s back button, the “u” key goes “up” in the document tree, and the “t” key goes to the top of the current document. These five keys are all the keys I use for Info navigation, except for normal searching with C-s, but that’s Emacs. This should not be difficult, but it is. I suspect, as I wrote previously, that it’s not Unix-y enough. Reminds me of Joel’s classic “Fire And Motion” blog post: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000339.html I would have thought that the quality of police is measured not in their ability to shoot and hit something, but in their ability to refrain from doing so . Your equaling of “well-trained police” with “police marksmanship” is a bit frightening. The eternal claim of bubble-deniers is “This time it’s different!” This does not prove or disprove anything, of course. But it does make “This time it’s different!” an insufficient proof of something not being a bubble. I do not claim to have some proof towards either “side” of bubblism or non-bubblism. I was merely trying to point out that d4vlx’s comment essentially only said “This time it’s different!”, and I wanted to explain that this does not prove it’s not a bubble, since every bubble is different than the last one. My comment does not show that it is a bubble, nor was I trying to do so. The most that could be claimed is that I was trying to show that the possibility that it is a bubble still exists. I think you misunderstood me; the Index is not the table of contents or the list of headings. The index is what you access with the “i” key, and can also be read directly using the “g” key to go directly to the “Index” node. I agree, reading headings and navigating that way is mostly a waste of time when trying to find something specific. Which is why I never do it; I use the Index . So, this could simply be a smaller bubble. “This time it’s smaller!” is an equally non-persuasive argument. The risk of anything happening very much like the last time is always low. man -t ascii | lp - “Beautiful. Unethical. Dangerous.” — Lucius Fox, The Dark Knight The AGPL is exactly the same as the GPL, except that if there is a button to click to download the source code of the program, you are not allowed to remove that button. > Your target audience is techies […] “Techies” do not usually make purchase decisions. Those products that you describe sell well because the very same features you decry (Excel files, drag-and-drop web UI) are appreciated by those who actually make the purchasing decisions. Is there nothing to be said for consistency? Probably a false memory. Please add attribution before the beginning of the quote; otherwise it looks like the quote is from the open letter itself. No, they licensed the existing GEM graphical environment. You could also get GEM for PC;I saw a DOS program shipped with an embedded GEM runtime. If I have a copy of some information or software, and I can easily copy it to my friend, and my friend needs it, why should I deny him? Would I not be mean in denying him? If I would, then would you not be immoral for coercing me to be mean to my friend? That, in essence, is the argument. You could argue that your business model requires me, i.e. all your customers, to agree not to give their friends (or anyone else) copies. But the world does not owe you a living. If your business model requires you to ask people to behave badly towards their friends, then it is destroying the social fabric of society, and you could rightly be called immoral. Anyway, see https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/why-free.html if you truly want to read more. Inhabited solely, of course, by True Scotsmen. > What's your definition of 'need'? You're being weird. I'm using the word in its normal sense. > If your belief system relies on not compensating other people's hard work, then it is destroying the social fabric of society. Work does not intrinsically need to be compensated. The world does not owe you a living . It is up to you to do work that actually deserves compensation. It will not do to complain that everyone is using your work in ways you did not intend; it is for you to find a business model which takes the actions of people into account. It is also your duty as a member of society to engage in actions which does not, on the whole, damage society. > By not acknowledging software as property, you are entrenching the power of those who control other forms of property Perhaps. But this does not leave you destitute; property is not the only form of wealth. You have the ability to work, which you can sell. You do not need to go the roundabout way of working to create software, and then create this constructed form of property so you can sell this new form of “property”. You can just as easily sell your labor directly. Well, first, there are those who argue (although I’m not sure they are right) that all software the world would need would be written by people in their spare time; even many large complex software pieces have been made this way. I’m not sure if this will work, though. However, you are implying something more insidious: That one must forbid people to share software in order to make money writing it. This is obviously false, with many counterexamples. In particular, there is a company which is mostly writing the Gnu ADA compiler which is reportedly making money hand over fist. If one were to assume that this (or variants of it) is possible in all fields of software, then there is no good excuse for forbidding sharing of software, which does some demonstrable harm. I would argue that some free software projects can be compared to Google search and Watson. Sharing the source to Google would be better for society, but a bit bad for Google, and since Google decides, they are deciding not to. The same goes for Github. It’s the collective action problem. I think you are projecting; what is my "model"? Why would it fail? > free software always mimics commercial software badly One could argue against this, but let’s assume that it is true. Does this have anything to do with the necessity of allowing software makers to forbid the sharing of software? Are you arguing that it is impossible to make money with software which is not forbidden to share, when lots of people are doing it today ? Let’s say the world stopped allowing ideas and other non-rivalrous goods to be considered property. Would the world still need software? Yes. Would the world still need people to write software? Yes. Would the world be willing to pay people to write software they need? Obviously yes. The normal sense of ‘need’ is as in “I’m going shopping, I need milk.”. What does and does not damage society is certainly open for discussion. But when you frame it as “developers’ rights over the software they create” you are presupposing the conclusion. Why should ideas and other non-rivalrous goods be considered property? If I “own” an idea that you have a copy of, why should this give me power over you? > How about if you promised not to do that in your acceptance of the license agreement? I could do that, and then the ethical burden would fall on me to motivate why society would benefit more from my use of the software than it would benefit everyone I would potentially deny to receive a copy of it. But, the way you phrase it (“claim on the fruits of the software authors labor”) presupposes that it is property, and a rivalrous one at that. However, software is a non-rivalrous good, and whether it should be considered property is the question we are debating. Your Words. They do not make sense and you are quoting things I did not write despite what you “believe”. > forcing people to give up their software Well, I never said anything about any such thing, so I’m not sure which strawman you are arguing with. If you think I implied it, please show it, and be more explicit in your reasoning. > Then why should anything else be considered property? Because those are rivalrous goods. There is a difference, and I would suggest you look it up before treating them all the same. > You could buy a second copy of the software for the child. This is a “let them eat cake” response. All problems could be solved if one assumes endless resources. Also, you are assuming the software is still for sale. Perhaps it never was on sale; perhaps it’s a student-only edition provided by an institution. The point is: There are two choices: Obey the restriction the owner has decided and deny your help, or help the child and break your promise to obey the restrictions. (Let’s not discuss rivalrous goods; they are not relevant to the question at hand.) > What is the negation of the statement below? I don’t understand what you mean. The text below is a question, not a statement. Software is not a scarce resource; once it has been created, it can be easily defined as non-scarce. And before it has been created, if there is sufficient need for it, someone will pay to have it created. > why not use it only for Y years and give it to the public for the common good? Well, some people think this would be a good idea. Other people call those people “communists” and/or “anarchists”. So, the question is hotly debated, but also, for our purposes, irrelevant. We are debating the property or non-property status of ideas, information and software. > I know what rivalrous goods are. What on God's earth makes them so special and different from non-rivalrous goods? […] > We decided to [grant them special rights] as the other option was barbarianism and anarchy. And this is exactly why rivalrous goods are different. We have (most of us) decided that we agree they need to be granted “property” status. However, I do not think that defining software, ideas or other information as a non-ownable non-property would be “barbarianism and anarchy”. If you think so, please elaborate. The creators of software, ideas and information do decide the price of their services. The “political goons” decide, however, if the software, ideas and information itself, once created, should possess the status of property. I am arguing the side that claims that these non-rivalrous goods like software, ideas and information should be changed to no longer be considered property and have owners. I have demonstrated that there are compelling arguments why their status as property has downsides, and why eliminating their being owned should, at least, have no appreciable downsides, and could potentially be a boon to all society. You, however, seem to argue that since software, ideas and information are legally considered property (at least some of them, some of the time, in different forms), they are property. But this would be assuming that the law is correct, and you can’t do that, since this is the question to be resolved. I would still like to know why and how we will “devolve into Soviet-style bleakness” if software and ideas would no longer be granted property status. As a comparison, you could look at the clothing industry. There are no ownerships of patterns or designs there, but the industry continue to be needed and people are still paid to produce clothes. The odd cases of illegal copies you hear about are about trademark law , i.e. things fraudulently claiming to be a particular brand, but this is an issue of fraud and consumer protection against low-quality knockoffs, not a design or pattern property issue, since the designs of clothes are not property . > we value the creative output of individuals This all sounds good, but it is very theoretical. Let’s look at the more practical effects. As noted by many, the fact that the creative output of individuals can currently be owned has rather large drawbacks. So what do we gain to potentially offset these drawbacks? Note that these gains would have to be things we would actually lose if creative output of individuals would cease to have property status. Finally, are these gains large enough to overcome the drawbacks? Furthermore, there are many who argue that, should the creative output of individuals cease to have limits on their dissemination and use, society would gain more than enough to offset any potential drawback of this. It could also be argued that the cost would be entirely transitional, i.e. people would have to get used to new business models and move to different ways of doing business, and there would be otherwise no actual continuous loss by making the creative output of individuals non-owned. They’ve admitted using bad methods to scam their way into HN. Why are we still seeing them here? Their domain should be banned outright. Yes? Isn’t that an argument for my side of this debate, rather than yours? Please elaborate. A club good is simply an excludable non-rivalrous good. In this Internet age it is increasingly hard to maintain the illusion of the excludability of bits. There are large collections of drawbacks; books have been written about it. The two I can remember the name of are “Against Intellectual Monopoly” ( http://www.dklevine.com/general/intellectual/againstfinal.ht... ) and “The Case for Copyright Reform” ( http://www.copyrightreform.eu/ ). I would rather not argue specifics, but instead get you and people in general to understand what the argument is, and to get people to honestly investigate whether the cost is worth the drawbacks. I called your reply “theoretical” because it talked about principles, not about what society would gain or lose with any available options, without which no cost-benefit analysis can be made. Are you wedded to the idea that the principle should outweigh all downsides in this case? How much would you be willing for this principle to cost society? > US security officials demand that their bosses - not just the president, but members of Congress, diplomats, policymakers and military officers - take such precautions when travelling abroad because it is widely acknowledged that their hosts often have no qualms about snooping on their guests. “No qualms” indeed. I sincerely doubt they have done so with the same thoroughness as in the references I gave. Anyway, the original question (which started this thread) was by cscurmudgeon: “ I am curious. Can you be more specific? If I am making my living writing software, and if you buy a copy of it and make it available to potential customers, why is it immoral to ask you not to do so? ” I was not, I think, disingenuous in laying out the argument for people who, similarly to cscurmudgeon, had not grasped the argument for the other side. Note that I said bits , not only software. Most everyone has their music collection. Also, in regards to software, show me an average person who hasn’t had a pirated version of, say, Photoshop or MS Office. Even in business office settings it is, I am given to understand, very common. Also, does a mere legal barrier suffice to make something an excludable good? Could you turn, for example, the observing of the Statue of Liberty into an excludable good merely by passing a law mandating that only those allowed may observe it? Does not “correction” imply that there is a “correct” price for Bitcoin? Since it has absolutely no inherent value, what would this be? Zero? Or does its value derive from its utility as a medium of exchange (and associated transfer mechanism)? In that case, should its value be derived from the size of the global economy? (As done here: http://falkvinge.net/2013/03/06/the-target-value-for-bitcoin... ) Well, they don’t have a shore… That is one possible origin of the word; its actual origin is unknown and disputed. > Intel refuses to say what the software they installed does Is this not the very definition of software in binary-only form? For personal, non-commercial use only. What application would demand more than 640k of RAM? Or, to quote: “One day sir, you may tax it.”. That brings it down to $59.90. Fish do not know what water is. SIGTSTP (which Ctrl-Z sends) is not the same as SIGSTOP (which always stops/suspends processes). There is always more to learn. Interestingly, DNS has gone the other way. It used to be that it was called “primary” and “secondary” DNS servers, but now the preferred terms are “master” and “slave” servers. > the right to refer to things as slaves is not a right I mind losing Actually, I see this as an opportunity to change the word “slave” to always refer to a thing , not a person. An abhorrent anachronism? Much like the word “computer”. What would you call a person who computes? If you look at the old RFCs, you can see that the words were used differently before the change to the current usage. Well, maybe they shouldn’t do that, then. If they don’t want a web site that wide, they shouldn’t make the web browser window that wide. (Oh, I forgot that the web browser is not an application, but a platform and an OS in its own right, and has replaced the native OS. Silly me.) The big thing about the end of XP is the non-support of SNI (server name indication) in TLS (SSL) in any version of IE on XP. Hmm. This is data which has no real value to schools themselves, which they are enticed to give access to for free. Other people wanting access to the data in aggregate are then required to pay the aggregators. Other aggregators can not plausibly compete with a better price, because the original aggregators (Clever) have occupied the very scarce mindshare of the schools’ “we give our data to these people” role. The schools will not be bothered to give the data to more than one aggregator, and so Clever thereby obtains an effective monopoly in providing aggregated data. (It reminds me of Google book scanning thing, which has the same issue, but worse.) > Clever is limited in what they can do with student data because of privacy laws. That's not really their play. Um, what? I’m not even sure what you are implying that I claimed was Clever’s “play”. What I wrote has nothing to do with privacy, that would be a whole other issue. A number of errors in this article makes me wary: 1. The "request" line in HTTP is not a header - it is the request, which can have associated headers. The headers are all “about” the request. The request itself is not a header, and does not follow the header syntax. (The historical reason for this is that the request line was defined in HTTP 0.9, which did not have headers.) 2. ISO-8859-1 is not “a crappy Windows character set”. It is an international standard specifically different from what Microsoft was using at the time (code page 437 was standard for MS-DOS in the US). Later, Windows switched to code page 1252, which is a copy of ISO-8859-1 except some extra glyphs in the bytes the ISO standard defined as control characters. > Thanks for the clarification about the request line, I'll edit the article to point that out! (Apparently you weren’t thankful enough to upvote. EDIT: never mind, I must have been mistaken.) A more accurate description of ISO-8859-1 would be “a crappy 8-bit character set mostly only still relevant for Windows which uses its own embraced and extended version, CP1252.” I saw your comment and still saw only 1 point on my post; I guess I must have received a downvote too during that time. Oh well, sorry for being huffy. Isn’t a “password strength estimator” equivalent with “random number detector”? My point is, of course, that detecting random numbers is, in principle, impossible¹. 1) http://dilbert.com/fast/2001-10-25/ And all from the comfort of your own home in your spare time! I think the correct word to express m_rcin’s concerns should not be “dishonest”, but “manipulative”. This only makes the owner of the page with the analytics code on it not see your accesses, it does not in any way prevent Google to see all your accesses. And Google probably gives all their data to the NSA et al, anyway (be it officially or unofficially). It’s the same misdirection tactics as talking about Facebook privacy controls – none of those controls prevents Facebook from seeing and recording it all. And whatever is recorded is probably passed on to the NSA. Still does not help with Facebook or Google+, YouTube, etc. If you have a graphical environment there is no reason to run Emacs in a terminal. Historical reasons. The capturing syntax came first, and when syntax for non-capturing groups was wanted, an otherwise illegal character sequence (? was chosen. Not if you go to Facebook, etc. directly. If you don’t like the menu bar or the tool bar, don’t use them. You can even turn them off if you resent the space they use. Emacs is much better graphically; it benefits from graphics just like any OS benefits. I could talk about minor improvements while debugging, or I could mention that Emacs can open image and PDF files. This is not the 1970’s when text UI’s were the norm – this is the future, where we do have graphical displays, and all programs should take advantage of them. Living life in an emulated 1970 (which a terminal emulator is) is silly. I don’t see that you give any reason for why you would want to run Emacs in a crippled (terminal) environment. Except, of course, that you have chosen the life of a hermit and live in a cave with only stone knives and bear skins. Your personal lifestyle choice of using only Cygwin and terminals does not support your general assertion that there is every reason for everyone to deliberately cripple Emacs’ user interface by running it in a terminal emulator. That is from the Daodejing (Tao Te Ching), chapter 17. https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Tao_Te_Ching_%28Wikisource_tr... What happens if you also have a “Web Server Administrator” with a similar holistic view? Won’t they step on each others’ toes? Is this not why you have separate roles, like the Dev/Ops division? The usual argument is that they are, in economic terms, non-rivalrous and non-scarce. My project is a paradigm too. http://dilbert.com/fast/1991-11-03/ From RFC 1855, Netiquette Guidelines , Section 3.1.2, Mailing List Guidelines : > If you ask a question, be sure to post a summary. When doing so, truly summarize rather than send a cumulation of the messages you receive. http://www.apps.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1855.html#page-10 I wish I had a 9-to-5. In Sweden, business hours are 8-5. They still call it an 8 hour workday, since they exclude the lunch hour. What computer and game could this be? Looking at Wikipedia reveals that the Motorola 6809 was not used for many computers, and not any that I recognize as being very popular. Those are not computers. By that metric, an abacus is a computer. This is not a workable definition for the discussion at hand. I notice you called them “games machines” and not “home computers” or even “computers”. It seem to me that you knew very well what I was talking about, but choose to be obtuse. Computer: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer Link with proportional (non-fixed width) font: http://www.apps.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1855.html Maybe this one is more to your liking? ftp://ftp.rfc-editor.org/in-notes/rfc1855.txt;type=a > No NSA employee should be chair of an encryption-related working group. This makes me think: What is the basis of trusting any organization or person not to have their own agenda, possibly contrary to the group’s ostensible agenda? The basis is this: We have a tacit assumption that all participants have realized that better standards (and strong crypto, more secure systems) will lead to the betterment of all. This is the default assumption. However, now that the U.S. government, and the NSA and its collaborators in particular, have been shown to explicitly not have this goal – in fact, their goal has been to strive for less secure systems and more difficult standards ­– what should be done? The logical thing to do is to exclude any person or organization revealed to have an agenda explicitly contrary to the group. The same argument could be made (and has been made many times in the past) for Microsoft to be excluded from any and all standardization committees like ISO, IEEE, IETF, etc. for the same reason – their repeated practice of Embrace, Extend & Extinguish among other things shows them to have an agenda contrary to the group, and their participation would therefore be a detriment, not an asset. “We’d like to know a little bit about you for our files…” The message is not meant for him, but for us. He is made into an example for others. Only if you have an iPhone. A lock to which someone unauthorized has the master key is a weak lock. A cryptosystem which the NSA has access to is a weak cryptosystem. Yes. The point of being like OpenStreetMap instead of Google Maps is the way the maps are not read-only, but that anyone can contribute. And for Mapillary, this is not true unless you have an iPhone. And when the companies then give their data to the government? The only solution is for the data never to exist at all . I’ll call you a hacker whenever I decide to. Who made you the arbiter of whether you should be called a hacker? The man pages of BSD are the official documentation. The man pages of, for instance, GNU LibC are not the official documentation. This is: https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/manual/ http://dilbert.com/fast/1995-11-13/ http://dilbert.com/fast/1995-11-14/ The official documentation is available on the link I gave, but it should also be available in the Info format on your local drive. I find it much easier to search Info documents for something than grepping compressed man pages. Python 3.3 fixes this, by implementing PEP 415¹, which keeps the original exception available by using this syntax: except SomeException as exception: raise NewException("stuff happened") from exception 1) http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0415/ I disagree; In general, I prefer Info. I would explain why, but that would be repeating myself; I instead refer to my previous post on this very topic: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6656656 The usefulness of gold as jewelry is not only its value; it also does not tarnish or rust , which is a very useful property for jewelry. He also did not escape angle brackets, so for instance “ typing , , , and adjusts ” from the original becomes “ typing , , , and adjusts ” in the text. To awjr: Your comment is dead, probably beacuse it uses an auto-banned word. It’s hard to watch out for banned words when you don’t know what they are. The “placebo effect” does not mean what you think it means. All those things you describe are real actual things and are not necessarily examples of the placebo effect. Illegal ? What law is being broken? Write it as a list comprehension instead; it has identical syntax except for using square brackets instead of parentheses, and returns a list. It would indeed be silly, since Google is not a program. Google’s search engine , however, is , and it would be perfectly sensible to first write a manual for a search engine before implementing it. The generic term is “VCS” (Version Control System). CVS is a specific implementation. What? Your reply seems purposefully disingenuous and misleading. The ipadm and dladm commands seem to be specific to Solaris and derivatives. And I can not believe that you are seriously proposing that the new standard commands for doing DNS is to use DJB’s tools. What the original post most likely referred to is to use ip instead of ifconfig , and to use dig instead of nslookup . > […] the game consists of trolling and ganking. Players have very little reason to trust each other, and many reasons to kill each other. > […] > […] make your own fun, and that’s often at the expense of the other players, or perhaps due to their actions towards you. It’s a playground for the perverse. As entertaining as this game very well might be, I think I’ll pass on putting myself through what sounds like a collection of potentially traumatic and dehumanizing experiences. I think I’d be a worse person for playing it. Not only that, but now Google has an exclusive license deal to do this, and nobody else can do it . nslookup is also a BIND tool, so its logical successor is indeed dig . That was not my point – I did say that the game might very well be entertaining. This is yet another version of “This time it’s different!”, again proving nothing. > it adds an undeniable “rhythm” to the day, chopping it into chunks The gods confound the man who first found out how to distinguish hours! Confound him, too, who in this place set up a sundial, to cut and hack my days so wretchedly into small portions! When I was a boy, my belly was my sundial — one surer, truer, and more exact than any of them. This dial told me when ’twas proper time to go to dinner, when I had aught to eat; But nowadays, why even when I have, I can’t fall-to unless the sun gives leave. The town’s so full of these confounded dials the greatest part of the inhabitants, shrunk up with hunger, crawl along the street. — Plautus (c.254-184 BC) In humans, differences in physical and behavioral traits tend to lead to isolation, which leads to cultural differences¹. That’s why the general trait of being very curious, experimental and focused on technology and problem-solving has given rise to (among others) the hacker culture and its associated persona. But, one need not consider oneself a part of the hacker culture if one does not want to. Indeed, one can be a programmer without having any of the above traits and/or consider oneself part of the hacker culture. 1) Regarding physical traits leading to culture, the same development can be seen to have given rise to Deaf culture, and also in the very concepts of “men” and “women”, which are more cultural in nature than most people think. So instead of an entrenched monopolist, I’m supposed to choose… Microsoft? That just feels wrong . Link? I don’t think Microsoft has changed enough to earn my trust or respect. I doubt they could. In making HTML/CSS the admittedly convoluted mess that it is, we nevertheless dodged the larger bullet of the Web converting to Flash, XHTML FO and/or PDF. In this way HTML5/CSS is the lesser of evils, since it still has semantic components in a readable non-binary format. > The IRTF and IETF have always welcomed participation by all, […] As I wrote previously¹: “ We have a tacit assumption that all participants have realized that better standards (and strong crypto, more secure systems) will lead to the betterment of all. This is the default assumption. However, now that the U.S. government, and the NSA and its collaborators in particular, have been shown to explicitly not have this goal – in fact, their goal has been to strive for less secure systems and more difficult standards ­– what should be done? The logical thing to do is to exclude any person or organization revealed to have an agenda explicitly contrary to the group. ” Having an all-inclusionist policy is “Geek Social Fallacy #1”². This case illustrates why you cannot let an inclusionist policy be all-overriding. Toxic people and representatives of explicitly adversarial organizations cannot be allowed to participate in, and thereby sabotage, both the work and goodwill of a committee. 1) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6945314 2) http://www.plausiblydeniable.com/opinion/gsf.html I also remember the Babylon 5 fourth season episode “Intersections in Real Time” as being particularly good. I was simply proposing the obvious step of not allowing explicitly hostile forces into a group. If the hostile forces then choose to disguise themselves, so be it. But to let them in knowing they are hostile seems stupid. I grant you that closing mere participation by having pre-screening is probably an unworkable and too costly a step; costly in more ways than one. I still feel we ought not let them chair the committe, though. I mean, the NSA heading a committee working on publicly available crypto ? It’s an oxymoron and a contradiction in terms. It’s the fox guarding the hen house. The usual way for conflict-of-interest policies to work is for the one whose interests are in conflict to simply recuse themselves from voting. It is not so simple for the IETF and IRTF, since they traditionally have eschewed voting and instead opt for “rough consensus and running code”. Also, the position of the NSA is fundamentally opposed to what the CFRG is supposed to achieve, so I don’t see how a normal conflict-of-interest policy is going to help. Exactly. Comparing the excluding of openly hostile entities to McCarthyism is exactly Geek Social Fallacy #1: “Ostracizers Are Evil”. If you already have Tor Browser, you can just as well go directly to http://jntlesnev5o7zysa.onion/ or http://uj3wazyk5u4hnvtk.onion/ (I’m not sure which is the official one). Choice quote: > I got a call from Developer Relations saying they didn’t allow “that kind of app” in the store. Yes, but: 1. That tweet is from May 2012. 2. The other URL is in the address bar in the screenshot on the Pirate Browser web site. The screen shot has a time stamp of August 2013. So the first URL was probably the official one in 2012, but it has possibly been superseded by the other one. Previous discussion of original article: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6858542 > How using Google Images can cost you $8,000 Better title: “How wilfully infringing copyright can cost you $3,000” > We were under the mistaken impression that before anyone could be sued, the offender had to ignore a request to take down the copyrighted image. That’s only if a third party , i.e. not you , put it up on your site. You might as well ask what normal Google search is really for, since any text Google links to is also, in your words, “illegal”. You mean “wave the GPL”, not “waive the GPL”, which would be quite a different thing. (Words have meanings indeed.) Didn’t the same thing happen in Superman III? I seem to recall a computer display is shown with various advanced-looking outputs and then they also run a LIST command, which lists a BASIC (or maybe COMAL) program written to… display various advanced-looking outputs. Using the PRINT statement. Followed by many individual lines of PRINT "" to make the screen clear. Well, at least the breaking of DRM will go a bit more mainstream. That is written by the FFmpeg side. Do you have a complementary view? Yes, exactly correct. Note: Ctrl-U and Ctrl-W are not from Emacs. They are instead from the same group as Ctrl-C for interrupt, Ctrl-D for End-of-File, etc; i.e. traditional Unix TTY driver keys . Run “stty -a” to see them all; the stty command can also be used to change them. Wasn’t this an episode of The Six Million Dollar Man? As I recall, it was a fake product even there. Would this make sense as a type of index in PostGIS? Beware of technologies which are over-complicated to the degree one suspects they are that way largely as a form of developer mindshare lock-in. You can very quickly get discouraged that way. Because xpra is faster. So what you’re saying is that Brazilian pharmacists are more corrupt than others. Shouldn’t this be a poll? More like the last episode of the 1988 TV show Max Headroom, “ Baby Grobags ”. > x = sys.stdin.readline() > while x: > … > x = sys.stdin.readline() Seeing stuff like that makes me sad. This could be more simply be written as: for x in sys.stdin: … For a little over $200 I can get a 50GiB USB flash drive. If I can pay more and buy one five times as large, I can get below $1 per GiB. Why would I need cloud storage for these sizes? The two versions are functionally identical, which is why the shorter version without repeated code is better. How can I not access a flash drive in my phone? It’s in my hand . I can just plug it in . If I want to access the files from a computer, I plug it into the computer . That’s my point. “Cloud” storage is completely unnecessary for these storage sizes, as I can just carry my personal data with me. They do. Maybe he meant 100BASE-T4. Even though they are included in the GNU C library, most people do not seem to know about Obstacks: An "obstack" is a pool of memory containing a stack of objects. You can create any number of separate obstacks, and then allocate objects in specified obstacks. Within each obstack, the last object allocated must always be the first one freed, but distinct obstacks are independent of each other. Aside from this one constraint of order of freeing, obstacks are totally general: an obstack can contain any number of objects of any size. They are implemented with macros, so allocation is usually very fast as long as the objects are usually small. And the only space overhead per object is the padding needed to start each object on a suitable boundary. https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/manual/html_node/Obstacks.... Sure, they’re not very interesting , but the point is that you get them for free in the GNU C standard library. It was optional in 100Mbit. In gigabit, it is mandatory . I say, I stand corrected. I was sure I read the opposite somewhere, but I would not dream of contesting your reference. > Sooner or later we'll standardize some RESTy way of doing it for apps We used to have that, and it was called HTTP and semantic HTML. I happen to know that Sphinx (the de-facto standard format for Python) can be converted to Info. # aptitude install rig RIG (Random Identity Generator) is a free replacement for a shareware program out there called 'fake'. It generates random, yet real-looking, personal data. It is useful if you need to feed a name to a Web site, BBS, or real person, and are too lazy to think of one yourself. Also, if the Web site/BBS/person you are giving the information to tries to cross-check the city, state, zip, or area code, it will check out. $ rig Adolph Cline 739 Anton Dr Mentor, OH 44060 (216) xxx-xxxx $ I’m not sure what you are referring to, do you have a link? I wrote this six months ago: If people switch from GCC to Clang/LLVM in enough numbers that Apple think they can get away with it, Apple will, in a heartbeat, close the development of Clang/LLVM and make all new versions proprietary. ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6146066 ) This is still true, and this is the reason we cannot allow GCC to give up or declare “victory” and move on. The open one would stagnate without the developers who Apple pays to out-compete then both GCC and the free fork of LLVM. Well, strictly speaking, neither one of us can be sure what would happen. It’s just what I think would happen. Is it “FUD” if I still really believe it? I don’t know. And speaking of closing; just look at Android with its complete anti-GPL, purged system. Only Linux remains there. Of course, I (or you) can’t prove anything either way, but I have the feeling of Google, Apple, and the rest of the permissive license promulgators all the time going “Relax, it’s fine now, the war is over, you can all go home! You won!” And if we turn our backs, if we relax in our supposed victory, we will slowly find that all the contributors to these better ( completely coincidentally non-GPL) projects are mostly employees of these same companies, and they all have CLAs. And one fine day they will turn off the freedom and turn it all proprietary. We then cannot hope of competing with the current project owners, since they have all the experience and infrastructure. Why can you not see the possibility of Google collaborating with Apple to take LLVM proprietary? So substitute “Apple” with “Google, Apple, Intel, etc.” in my original dystopic vision. Should we trust them? The technical problems with GCC’s unstable plugin API can be fixed, and is, from what I understand, not something put there intentionally. “Forced to release” does not really describe what happened. It was more like NeXT thought they could take GCC, extend it to compile Objective C and make NeXT’s version of GCC proprietary. When the FSF told them, using lawyers, that NeXT could not, in fact, blatantly violate the GPL, NeXT could have chosen not to release their version and use another compiler for Objective C. But they chose to release their Objective C compiler under the GPL, which was their other option. This is what happens when you don’t read the license, think that things like copyright doesn’t apply to things you get off the internet, and dig yourself into a hole – your options are limited. But releasing the code as GPL was never their only option, is what I’m saying. No, I think that the proprietary one would get all the company contributors, and therefore have the lion’s share of developers. In that case, you ought, logically, to be against all forms of copyright and patents. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brogrammer Well then; Should copyright cease to exist, the GPL would have no power and would no longer have any meaning. But while copyright does exist, the GPL will continue to work against the imbalance of power copyright (and, lately, patents) create. If I may make a parable: Don’t hate the rebels for being violent; hate the oppressive state against which they rebel. XKCD: https://xkcd.com/320/ Small print: this schedule will eventually drive one stark raving mad. Let me fix this with a one-line shell function: eg(){ man "$@" 2>/dev/null|sed -ne '/^EXAMPLE/{:a;p;n;/^[^ ]/q;ba}'|${MANPAGER:-pager -s};} Now there’s an “ eg ” command to display just the EXAMPLES (or EXAMPLE) section of a Unix manual page. For example: $ eg cat EXAMPLES cat f - g Output f's contents, then standard input, then g's contents. cat Copy standard input to standard output. If the command gives no output, the manual has no EXAMPLES section. Consider writing some examples and submitting a patch to the manual. There, I fixed it. Now nobody needs this program (or should I say “brogram”) anymore. (Thanks to pbhjpbhj for the name: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7122063 ) The command “ex” is already taken by an extended version of “ed” (which would later lead to “vi”). This part was especially interesting: Q: Isn’t FireWire a dying horse? Few laptops ship with FireWire ports these days, which makes Inception a useless tool. A: You can use any interface that expands the PCIe bus, for example PCMCIA, ExpressCards, the new Thunderbolt interface and perhaps SD/IO to hotplug a FireWire interface into the victim machine. The OS will install the necessary drivers on the fly, even when the machine is locked. It is not permitted because the “separate trial and punishment” never happens . Allow me to correct a slight but significant misconception. If you get a program licensed under the AGPL, and it already has a facility for users of the program (including remote web users) to get the source code, you cannot remove this feature. Note well that this does not force you to implement this feature if it does not already exist . I see; that would indeed be a change since the original Affero GPL. But I note that it only goes into effect upon modification , so mere distributors or SaaS offerers are not affected if they do not alter the program. This means, effectively, that something very much like what I said still applies; If the program did not originally have a facility for downloading source, and you did not modify it, you do not have to add any such facility. > The current view of RMS […] is that a mere distributor of a version which the distributor has modified must make an effort to have the distributed version comply with that requirement if it did not do so previously If this is so, I would like to hear the reasoning behind it; Do you have a link or reference? The key here is that Bar modifies W to create Y. At that point section 13 paragraph 1 of the AGPL becomes relevant, because Bar has modified the program . My point was that if Bar does not modify the program, then section 13 paragraph 1 does not apply, and Bar is not obliged to insert code to satisfy the condition stated there. You have corrected my slight misconception of the AGPL though; I originally thought Bar could modify W to create whatever he liked without having to insert a facility to download source code, if none previously existed. See also “ What to do when Ctrl + C can't kill a process? ” ( https://superuser.com/questions/243460 ) Well, no, first you discuss the idea in a Working Group mailing list, which is like HN – you get lots of great negative feedback. When you have fixed all your initial bugs, you write a draft RFC. With which implementers can create independent implementations. If there are not anyone willing to do this, this is a sign that the idea is not wanted enough, i.e. not widely useful enough to warrant an RFC in the first place. The implementers will find bugs. You fix those, and discuss some more. Eventually, you, the mailing list and the implementers will be happy with the standard, at which point you move to have the RFC published as an official RFC. Anyhow, this is all for a “Standard track” RFC. An “Informational” or “Experimental” RFC has no such requirement, and can basically be submitted by anyone for anything. So what do I do if I want to seed them all? Also, are all the data sets (and other things) freely licensed, i.e. no “non-commercial use only” clauses or things of that nature? Can I count on this going forward? And you’re writing this on “Hacker News”… > I'm not quite sure how Google could do better while still making money. Maybe they can’t. This does not mean they are absolved from responsibility. I doubt vehicles are special enough to require their own replacement for TCP/IP. Last time I heard that kind of talk was with WAP/WML – anyone remember those? TCP/IP is good enough, and making your own protocol on that level is never worth the huge hassle for everyone involved. Unless your aim is to obfuscate and erect barriers to entry. Regarding all the positive comments, I think the previous guy was so bad, and the new guy mostly nondescript, that people are projecting all their hopeful wishes onto the new guy. Really, a lot like what seemed to happen with Bush and Obama. Regarding all the positive comments, I think the previous guy was so bad, and the new guy mostly nondescript, that people are projecting all their hopeful wishes onto the new guy. Really, a lot like what seemed to happen with Bush and Obama. I know next to nothing about you, but you are probably an ignorant gossipmonger. Money earned is not a measure of morality. “You must discover whose face lies behind this mask, but you must never know my face. Is that quite clear?” — V X) Number of cgroups. We were getting slow performance, apparently related to slow IO, but nothing stood out as being the culprit. Turns out, since vsftpd was creating cgroups and not removing them, the pseudo-filesystem /sys/fs/cgroup had myriads of subdirectories (each representing a cgroup), and whenever something wanted to create a new cgroup or access the list of cgroups, this counted as listing that pseudo-directory , which counted as IO. Fixed by using the undocumented option isolate_network=NO in vsftpd.conf. That thing is unbelievably more awesome than I would otherwise have assumed. Who made this (and part 2)? How can I find out if any more parts are made? Apparently it was made by Dainius Masiliūnas ( http://greatemerald.xmpcommunity.com/ ), who seems to be active in the Phoronix forums: http://www.phoronix.com/forums/member.php?17103-GreatEmerald More likely, three conspiracies were hatched, one against each one of them. Well, let’s look at it from a historical perspective. In the past, before the Internet, the only place it was even possible to be anonymous was in writing – anonymous pamphlets, books written under pseudonyms, etc. Now, did these contain horrible behavior? No, the horrible behavior (as judged by the standards of the times) was associated with lower classes instead. The anonymous pamphlets and books written under pseudonyms were instead challenges to the status quo and the powers that be . Black Utopia Fantasy Story: http://sinfest.net/archive_page.php?comicID=4900 > There is no such thing as ownership of bitcoin. That’s like arguing that there is no such thing as ownership of land. (Which some have argued, but it is a bit tenuous.) If I throw some money in the air towards a group of people, who owns it before one of them catches it? I would guess that I still own it. In the same way, you still own the bitcoin until someone else does. This should be read in the context of the grand-daddy of such posts, The Economics of Star Trek ( http://www.stardestroyer.net/Empire/Essays/Trek-Marxism.html ), written back in 2000 . If I mistype something, it takes ages for command-not-found to search the entire Internet for “emacss” or whatever, during which I am slowly driven mad by the system punishing me and forcing me to wait. They were already giving their products to schools for free (or very cheap), and encouraging classes to be specific to Microsoft products. This is merely the logical next step. What? That quote does not support your claim either. What the quote calls “non-free” software is proprietary software . BSD licensed software is, on the contrary, free software . I have seen hints of this misconception before, but is this really a common thing? Do some people really believe that “free software” is exclusively GPL software? Original title, and current headline: 1% Jokes and Plutocrats In Drag: What I Saw When I Crashed a Wall Street Secret Society xkcd Lakes and Oceans : https://xkcd.com/1040/ I’m guessing it’s some variant of “Ia ia ia, Cthulhu f’tagn!” Link, please? I Can Barely Draw webcomic has recently had a number of comincs in the same vein as this, starting here: http://www.icanbarelydraw.com/comic/2565 No IPv6 support. ☹ OT: I suddenly wish for a GreaseMonkey script which would replace all instances of the word “terrorist” with “viking”. I feel this would make the world a better place, somehow. Well, Apple already charges for MacOS, so I don’t see how this is any different. In both cases it is software which is specific to hardware sold by the same entity which made the software. There is no way anyone else except the company’s customers could benefit from the software, and the software is necessary for the hardware to operate correctly, but the company sees fit to charge extra for the software anyway. Of course, no analogy is perfect, but those are the commonalities I see. Gasp ☺ That was even more awesome than I thought it would be. Thank you indeed. Wow, I didn’t know that. Then this move by HP makes even less sense. I dunno about the final twist. I’d turn it off. The top level would still be fine. > Remember that "tips" is an acronym for "To Insure Prompt Service". No it isn’t. http://www.snopes.com/language/acronyms/tip.asp > negotiate with the terrorists? The term you should be looking for is “paying the danegeld”: That if once you have paid him the Danegeld, you never get rid of the Dane. — Dane Geld, Rudyard Kipling I would think that this is their attempt to kill the very idea of e-mail. In their world, everybody has Facebook, period . The almost incomprehensible age of the Earth was famously summarized thus: “The reſult, therefore, of our preſent enquiry is, that we find no veſtige of a beginning,–no proſpect of an end.” — Theory of the Earth , James Hutton, 1788 You are reading it wrong. The original bug report said “ I will attach patches for 3.4 and 2.7, I'm not familiar with the backporting procedure to go further but all versions since 2.5 have this bug and while very highly unlikely it's technically remotely exploitable. ” So if one were to insert commas in the appropriate places, it becomes “ and, while very highly unlikely, it's technically remotely exploitable. ”. So the original bug report did concede that, while the bug itself is very unlikely, the bug is remotely exploitable. Yea, and alſo þe þorn! More seriously; it’s a text from 1788 – I’d think I was allowed to keep its spelling and not translate or transliterate when I’m actually quoting it verbatim. Does this mean that anyone who doesn’t want random and unknown censorship of their page comments should avoid using Disqus? So Google is taking a principled stand against states which pass laws designed to protect the privacy of their citizens? Well, cui bono ? Facebook, who wants to replace email with Facebook. From the article: > “DAH-doonk, dah-doonk, dah-doonk, gonk gonk.” That would actually be the Terminator 2 soundtrack. The soundtrack from The Terminator would go “DAH-doonk, doonk, dah-doonk, gonk gonk.”; i.e. 2-1-2-2 instead of 2-2-2-2. (Yes, this annoyed me back when Terminator 2 came out. Why, yes, I am old.) Hey, wow, you’re right — I totally mixed them up. Now I feel silly. The title and page seem to imply that parking tickets inherently are something which need fixing. As if their very existence was a blight upon the world. If you agree, might I suggest you go into politics or perhaps traffic planning? When I said “go into politics”, I did not necessarily mean to become a politician. I meant to make political change – to go after the problem on the political level, however that may be. There are many kinds of “politicians”, just as war is merely a continuation of politics by other means. I prefer The Unix and Internet Fundamentals HOWTO : http://en.tldp.org/HOWTO/Unix-and-Internet-Fundamentals-HOWT... Reminds me of a story which Tom Limoncelli tells in which a very good candidate for a sysadmin position came in and impressed everybody, but the diagrams of server solutions the candidate showed them were all marked as being confidential internal documents of the candidate’s previous employer. Because of this, they did not hire the candidate. "OK," [IBM] said, [to Sun in the 1980s] "maybe you don't infringe these seven patents. But we have 10,000 U.S. patents. Do you really want us to go back to Armonk [IBM headquarters in New York] and find seven patents you do infringe? Or do you want to make this easy and just pay us $20 million?" After a modest bit of negotiation, Sun cut IBM a check, and the blue suits went to the next company on their hit list. Patently Absurd , Forbes, 2002: http://www.forbes.com/asap/2002/0624/044.html …but apparently nobody can actually get the thing unless they are chosen as one of 10.000 beta testers. And who knows what the actual license will be on the designs, if they are ever released. So they’re replacing GTK+ with something called Aura. What is Aura? “ The goal is to produce a new desktop window manager and shell environment ”¹. So they’re doing another Unity? 1) http://www.chromium.org/developers/design-documents/aura-des... Because programs operate on files which need to be accessible by other programs. This is the whole point of files with interoperable file formats. The applications that does not do this, i.e. games, are good candidates for sandboxing, but normal applications? Not so much. Is it just me, or is #2 (Operating System – running separate programs concurrently independent of one another) effectively the same as #6 (Virtualization)? It is the same idea – the programmer can pretend that the program has a machine all to itself. The fact that an OS supplies system calls is mostly irrelevant – it is a separate concept (not listed in the original article) which we usually call “Software Libraries”. But innovation #2 did not list the standard libraries as a point of an Operating System – the process isolation is the point. Libraries had been in use long before. I definitely agree that hardware virtualization is going the long way around, and that more refined process isolation is the way to go. The Operating System was made for this, and it should continue to do this; there is no architectural need for an additional level of isolation. I have not witnessed this behavior, but it would be perfectly logical to dismiss R while absorbing its features – R is a domain-specific language (statistics) while Python is a general purpose programming language. A GP language will always have a larger useful scope than a DSL. R is “ for statistical computing and graphics ”¹. 1) http://www.r-project.org/ As previously discussed here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7203500 Part 1: http://aceattorney.sparklin.org/jeu.php?id_proces=57684 Part 2: http://aceattorney.sparklin.org/jeu.php?id_proces=57899 “You see this watch? That watch costs more than your car. I made $970.000 last year, how much’d you make? You see, pal, that’s who I am, and you’re nothing .” — Blake, Glengarry Glen Ross (1992) A relevant paper from INET 97: Characteristics of UDP Packet Loss: Effect of TCP Traffic http://www.isoc.org/inet97/proceedings/F3/F3_1.HTM This idea that web browsers are silly and should just start using SRV records gets a lot of traction, and I would like it if it were true. Unfortunately, the SRV specification prohibits anyone from using SRV records for protocols where the protocol’s definition does not specify the use of SRV records. I.e. since HTTP does not specify the use of SRV records, web browsers are not allowed to use SRV lookups to locate HTTP servers. The ones to blame are, instead, HTTP standards writers, which have not written a new HTTP standard taking advantage of the wonderful thing which SRV records are. Maybe “prohibit” was the wrong word. On the other hand, I would argue that a “SHOULD NOT” is stronger than you think: The HTTP standard (RFC 2616) says that: “ […] the GET and HEAD methods SHOULD NOT have the significance of taking an action other than retrieval. These methods ought to be considered "safe". This allows user agents to represent other methods, such as POST, PUT and DELETE, in a special way, so that the user is made aware of the fact that a possibly unsafe action is being requested. I would argue that very few people would claim that it’s OK for HTTP servers to have HEAD and GET requests be non-idempotent just because they feel like it. “SHOULD NOT” prohibitions should not be ignored just because you really want to do it. That’s the wrong IANA link; you want this one: https://www.iana.org/assignments/service-names-port-numbers/... There are not three, but thousands of protocol names registered. (Oh, I see what you meant now.) The things on that page are protocols which require further allocation of numbers and/or names by IANA, and is not directly related to what protocols specifies the use of SRV records. The “three protocols” you mention are protocols which require further allocation of numbers and/or names in their use of SRV records in some way. This does not mean that only three protocols specifies the use of SRV records. The list I linked to is a list of all protocols known by IANA. Whether the use of SRV records is allowed by the individual standards is not recorded by IANA; one would have to search each individual standard to find out. HTTP, notably, does not specify the use of SRV records. I really think that a “SHOULD NOT” in an RFC is a sufficient reason to not do a thing, yes. I further think that specifying the usage of SRV record is wholly in scope of the RFC specifying the SRV record. Kevin & Kell has done that a few times: http://www.kevinandkell.com/2000/kk0730.html http://www.kevinandkell.com/2003/kk1005.html http://www.kevinandkell.com/2005/kk0515.html If I want to be that portable, I just use #!/bin/sh and write a straight POSIX shell-compatible script instead. > Was this issue for an older version of Rails than is currently supported? If so, copy/paste an answer I wrote that asks if anyone knows if this affects a supported version of Rails. No. Please do not do this blindly. It is very discouraging for the bug reporter to see their bug being ignored for a few releases, followed by this response. Example: http://www.jwz.org/blog/2003/02/the-cadt-model/ The bug reporter reported a legitimate bug. It lies on you to act on this information. If you ignore the bug and make other random changes to the code, it still is your responsibility to fix the bug - the fact that you made it harder to find the bug by altering the code is entirely your own doing. It does not fall upon the bug reporter to test your code for bugs for every change you make. To demand this, and to close the bug when they do not comply, is entirely the wrong thing to do. Actually, yes, record companies do receive taxpayer money: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_copying_levy It seems that the current attempt to do anything like this is SNMP with its wealth of standardized MIBs. Of course, we could ignore all that because it’s not new and cool, and instead fight over what’s new enough to be considered. (SOAP! No, REST! Etc.) Or, alternately, is this not what the Internet is? I.e. a standardized way for things to access other things, the exact protocols to vary depending on the things in question? Google first approached me in 2010. Here is the relevant part of my otherwise short reply: Google follows what I believe to be unethical business practices – including, but not limited to, condoning censorship, invading their users’ privacy, [publishing] proprietary software, and making available and encouraging the use of network services with far too little user control of the programs. A little more than a year later, Kragen Javier Sitaker wrote this, which I thought was the best explanation of why one wouldn’t want to work for Google: http://lists.canonical.org/pipermail/kragen-tol/2011-August/... That is misleading. Debian seems to have changed earlier, but not done an official release for some time after the change; Ubuntu took, as they always do, this unreleased version of Debian and released it as the new version of Ubuntu. I stand corrected. I did try to do some research, and what little I could find seemed to support my recollection, but apparently I was confused and failed in my research. I concede the point. As opposed to your comment, which contains an eloquent refutation of belorn’s comment? Don’t simply call people trolls or strawman-slayers, use good arguments to counter bad ones. Otherwise we get bad arguments countering bad arguments, followed by meta-arguments, tone arguments, etc – don’t let it happen. See this comment for example; Is this comment not better with the second paragraph than without it? This is the series of books recommended (or at least referenced) by Richard Feynman. > waist (and I mean waist) No, you probably mean “waste”. Is it only me who is annoyed by “JPG”? It’s JPEG . I mean, you don’t write “HTM” files, do you? You mean this one: ( http://mako.cc/copyrighteous/google-has-most-of-my-email-bec... )? One might attribute this to the willingness to abolish patents in wartime, like the American aeroplane industry was forced to do during the first world war.¹ Since the state is the one concerned with fighting the war, and the state is the only actor effectively able to abolish patents (since the state is the one granting them in the first place), it is not odd that war is the only thing which can effect this change. It has been argued that patents, as a whole, is a retardant to innovation. These historical facts seems to bear this argument out. 1) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wright_brothers_patent_war Yes, but the file extension has always been .jpeg . I’m reminded of Philip K. Dick’s The Chromium Fence (1955): ’I’m not!’ Walsh shouted futilely. ‘I’m not a Purist and I’m not a Naturalist! You hear me?’ Nobody heard him. The right way to solve all this tabs/spaces indentation mess would be to use Elastic Tabstops¹. 1) http://nickgravgaard.com/elastictabstops/ To quote [1]: Not really. Elastic tabstops is about enabling variable width fonts to be used in text (and especially programming) while still lining up tabular columns. What gofmt does is to use spaces to align columns; a method described in http://nickgravgaard.com/elastictabstops/ as a "kludge". 1) https://groups.google.com/d/msg/golang-nuts/93t0LWvHrKM/y6oI... Sound like a good reason to punish and ostracize the most religiously ethical people. I hope this was your goal. The word you probably wanted to use was “Zeroconf”. “Zeroconf”¹ is a name for the sum of two interacting standards, namely mDNS”² and “DNS-SD”³. Avahi⁴ is a free software implementation (for Linux and BSD) for a service where programs can register Zeroconf services (name & port number) and have Avahi announce them on the network. The other major implementation of a daemon of this kind is from Apple, and it is called “Bonjour”⁵. This often gets confused, so, again: Zeroconf = standard. mDNS and DNS-SD = component standards. Avahi = A specific free software implementation. Bonjour = A specific proprietary implementation. 1) http://zeroconf.org/ 2) http://www.multicastdns.org/ 3) http://www.dns-sd.org/ 4) http://avahi.org/ 5) https://www.apple.com/support/bonjour/ You are not the same person while drunk. If you think that the person you are while sober is a better person, you have a perfectly valid reason for not drinking. I’ll just leave you with this: http://www.cracked.com/blog/9-youtube-videos-that-prove-anyo... Not so much to prove that you can do it, but more for the change that anyone can see. You could hardly tell that it’s the same person in the first videos as the last ones. P.S. I found the more relevant article I was looking for: http://www.cracked.com/blog/7-things-you-dont-realize-about-... It goes into more detail about what I mentioned above – how you are a different person while drunk, but you might not realize this until you quit. I suddenly feel a lot better for having set up my own dynamic DNS solution. (Using plain Dynamic DNS and nsupdate(1) on the clients.) From The Jargon File , Appendix B, “A Portrait of J. Random Hacker”, section “Politics”¹: […] Hackers are far more likely than most non-hackers to […] entertain peculiar or idiosyncratic political ideas and actually try to live by them day-to-day. 1) http://www.catb.org/jargon/html/politics.html See the second article I referenced – it shows how you might think so even though it might be disastrously wrong. It’s from the GNU Coding Standards, section 5.1 Formatting Your Source Code ¹: When you split an expression into multiple lines, split it before an operator, not after one. Here is the right way: if (foo_this_is_long && bar > win (x, y, z) && remaining_condition) 1) https://www.gnu.org/prep/standards/html_node/Formatting.html Well, weapons are also inherently violent. Many people try to reassure themselves with variants of what you wrote, which all are just variants of “I just make the bombs, I don’t drop them.”. I am less than convinced by this line of reasoning. The subject itself was also discussed here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6540044 I usually suggest that people read RFC 1178, Choosing a Name for Your Computer : http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc1178 At least then they will avoid the usual pitfalls worked out over the many years in which networked computers has existed. That URL is still valid, there’s no need for the Google cache: http://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2001/10/08 True, there is a difference between explosives and bombs. But if you are actually making bombs, I don’t think saying “Technology is inherently neutral” is sufficient. If you like this, you will probably be interested in this: Everything you Never Wanted to Know about PKI but were Forced to Find Out , by Peter Gutmann: http://www.cs.auckland.ac.nz/~pgut001/pubs/pkitutorial.pdf Also, this, by the same person: X.509 Style Guide http://www.cs.auckland.ac.nz/~pgut001/pubs/x509guide.txt The next product is obvious: Pants. http://www.dumbingofage.com/2014/comic/book-4/02-i-was-a-tee... > […] what is the difference between bombs and explosives […]? If there is no difference, then use something else, it was just an example. Say, machetes and swords. > […] bombs can just as well be used as leverage to negotiate peace […] It is precisely this argument that I don’t really buy. It feels akin to the argument of “If I don’t do it, someone else would do it, so it might as well be me.”. > […] what part of the Tor Project is analogous to making bombs? I was not talking about the Tor Project at all, and I was not trying to make a point about making privacy tools. I was merely trying to argue against the soothing falseness of “Technology is inherently neutral.”. If you make, I don’t know, bread or something, sure, we could agree on that being neutral. But don’t tell me that M1 tanks are neutral. Just because there is difficulty drawing a line at a specific point does not disprove the existence of a difference. Today I learned that in JavaScript, comments are significant and part of the code. (And people complain about Python having significant whitespace?) See also the “Cluss Test”¹; a gibberish test which it is nevertheless possible to get 100% right using nothing but “tricks”. For those wanting to try their skill, I have made an interactive version here: http://www.recompile.se/~teddy/cluss-test 1) http://www.tmk.com/ftp/humor/quiz > kill your children and rape your women Firstly, that sentence is badly sexist – it presumes that I own “my” children and “my” women, and that I, myself, is not a woman. And, isn’t this exactly what I was saying? I.e. “I must make weapons since someone else would otherwise make weapons and attack me, therefore it might as well be me who makes weapons and attacks them.” Also, you must differentiate between the argument against having guns and the argument against making guns. A person might own guns out of practical necessity but still not want to participate in the manufacturing of more of them. Clickbait headline – the coin is not, in any sense of the word, “found”. Considering this is a book still in print , this is especially blatant copyright violation. It is a very good book, though. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Tao_of_Programming My commentary to verse 8.4 is as follows: To make a hard distinction between hardware and software, and thinking that all problems can be solved by using strictly one or the other, is a mistake. Master Joel wrote¹ that all abstractions are leaky, and so it is with any working system – any system needs to be a meld between hardware and software, where neither can keep its identity wholly intact. (Writers of) Firmware know this well. Therefore, the Tao cannot exist in either hardware or software, purely by themselves. 1) http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/LeakyAbstractions.htm... Good for you. This isn’t about you, then. The people who it is about are listed here: http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Who_is_harmed_by_a_%22Rea... In these enlightened Unicode days, why are fonts still “for” a language? Official verdict from the Stockholm District Court, in English: http://domstol.se/Om-Sveriges-Domstolar/Sveriges-Domstolars-... Whenever this comes up, I usually link to this: Don't Wake Up the Programmer! http://alexthunder.livejournal.com/309815.html In Sweden, Norway, and Finland, your personal income tax filings are public for anyone to see. http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/world/2008-06-18-salarie... http://www.nytimes.com/2010/02/14/business/yourtaxes/14discl... “[…] And these are programs that have existed for ten years or perhaps fifteen years, growing piece by piece as one craftsman after an other added new features. Sort of like cities in France you might say, where you can see the extremely old buildings with additions made a few hundred years later all the way up to the present. Where in the field of computing, a program that was started in 1965 is essentially that. So we would always hope for tourists to become system maintainers, and perhaps then they would get hired, after they had already begun working on system programs and shown us that they were capable of doing good work. ” — Richard Stallman, 1986 https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/stallman-kth.html The marginal cost is 0. Since, once you have made your digital copy, you can make infinite copies, your amortized cost per copy approaches 0. If you could clarify why your argument applies to digital media but not physical media, it would help. Or, alternately, do you believe that resale of a thing you made should benefit only you? Is that in perpetuity, or how long should this last? The marginal cost of a physical copy does not approach 0, true. Ctrl-w as “backward-kill-word” is a Unixism from the classic Unix TTY, you can’t blame Emacs for that one. I’m sorry, but people seem to believe all manner of wild and crazy things about the AGPL – this means that you have to back up your claims with references. Those referencing Gattaca (1997) here should read The Unreconstructed M (1957) by Philip K. Dick: http://www.sffaudio.com/podcasts/TheUnreconstructedMByPhilip... The best policy to achieve a consistent behavior from all programs for backspace, delete, Ctrl-H, etc. is the one used by the Debian project: https://www.debian.org/doc/debian-policy/ch-opersys.html#s9.... This was one of the things that convinced me to start using Debian more than 15 years ago. They, like no other Unix at the time, had looked really deeply into the problem and come up with a good configuration to best fit all programs and systems. I, as a system administrator who was familiar with this problem, was very impressed by their solution, and I deemed it better than the one I had (which I have since forgotten). I would think that Campbell’s law is a slightly better fit: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Campbell%27s_law Why would you link to the Github page instead of the project’s home page ( http://sympy.org/ )? Is this a thing now? The same way you defend ports against vikings – by having coastal defenses and a navy. If all that was presented was effort and concept, it would be (mostly) praised. What I see people criticizing is the end result produced so far. Presenting criticism is not being a “douchebag”. DNA Lounge used Justin.tv. JWZ’s reaction here: http://www.dnalounge.com/backstage/log/2014/08/05.html Reminds me of this article about similar stories, but about individuals: 5 Famous People Who Succeeded Long After They Should've Quit http://www.cracked.com/article_19655_5-famous-late-bloomers.... Lists: Alan Rickman, Peter Roget, Joseph Conrad, Kathryn Joosten and Harland “Colonel” Sanders. With all these tales about people getting involved with spooks, the only thing that comes to mind is this passage from Chuang Tzu: There was a man who had an audience with the king of Sung and received from him a gift of ten carriages. With his ten carriages, he went bragging and strutting to Chuang Tzu. Chuang Tzu said, “There’s a poor family down by the river who make their living by weaving articles out of mugwort. The son was diving in the deepest part of the river and came upon a pearl worth a thousand pieces of gold. His father said to him, ‘Bring a rock and smash it to bits! A pearl worth a thousand in gold could only have come from under the chin of the Black Dragon who lives at the bottom of the ninefold deeps. To be able to get the pearl, you must have happened along when he was asleep. If the Black Dragon had been awake, do you think there’d have been so much as a shred of you left?’ Now the state of Sung is deeper than the ninefold deeps, and the king of Sung more truculent than the Black Dragon. In order to get these carriages, you must have happened along when he was asleep. If the king of Sung had been awake, you'd have ended up in little pieces!” I am again reminded of this article: 4 Things Politicians Will Never Understand About Poor People http://www.cracked.com/blog/4-things-politicians-will-never-... (When I posted the same link before, it generated a large number of responses: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6383275 ) Step 0: Do not join Facebook. Because you have to learn to speak French or Dutch? ☺ OK, no. Most modules/libraries are ported to Python 3. The minor ones that aren’t are those that are dead upstream, and you shouldn’t be using them, and/or they should be easy to port yourself. I really think the real reason is that people, especially English-speaking, but others, too, have been sticking their collective heads in the sand about this ASCII/Unicode situation for far too long. If, on the other hand, you started to use Unicode strings as soon as possible in Python 2, your Python 3 “port” could be two additional lines: if sys.version_info.major == 2: str = unicode Oh yeah, the future_builtins module does not exist anymore (for obvious reasons), so its import needs to be wrapped in a try-except clause: try: from future_builtins import * except ImportError: pass So call it five additional lines. That it literally all the porting I had to do to make two Python 2 programs completely runnable in Python 3 and Python 2, unaltered. The problem is not Python 3. The problem is people using byte strings and Python 2’s implicit conversions of them without actually understanding what a string is. That system is rather similar to “The Cycle System”, as recommended by the book Time Management for System Administrators ¹, (also a series of lectures²) by Thomas A. Limoncelli, except the Bullet Journal uses months, where The Cycle System uses days. 1) http://everythingsysadmin.com/books.html 2) http://www.tomontime.com/ With the title being “… and keep them from leaking out ”, I thought this would be about mental compartmentalization and doublethink. This is close to the truth – that character was not supposed to be a Time Lord in the book, but the storyline of the book is loosely based on two separate scripts written by the same author for two separate Doctor Who serials. (For unrelated reasons, the one script containing that character was only partially filmed, and the serial was therefore not broadcast at the time.) I can’t help but think that this merely gives people the excuse they need for not understanding this “Things-that-are-not-ASCII” problem. Using this library is a desperate attempt to have a just-fix-it function, but it can never cover all cases, and will inevitably corrupt data. To use this library is to remain an ASCII neanderthal, ignorant of the modern world and the difference of text, bytes and encodings. Let me explain in some detail why this library is not a good thing: In an ideal world, you would know what encoding bytes are in and could therefore decode them explicitly using the known correct encoding, and this library would be redundant. If instead, as is often the case in the real world, the coding is unknown , there exists the question of how to resolve the numerous ambiguities which result. A library such as this would have to guess what encoding to use in each specific instance, and the choices it ideally should make are extremely dependent on the circumstances and even the immediate context. As it is, the library is hard-coded with some specific algorithms to choose some encodings over others, and if those assumptions does not match your use case exactly , the library will corrupt your data. A much better solution would perhaps involve a machine learning solution to the problem, and having the library be trained to deduce the probable encodings from a large set of example data from each user’s individual use case. Even these will occasionally be wrong, but at least it would be the best we could do with unknown encodings without resorting to manual processing. However, a one-size-fits-all “solution” such as this is merely giving people a further excuse to keep not caring about encodings, to pretend that encodings can be “detected”, and that there exists such a thing as “plain text”. If a string like "&amp;" is supplied to ftfy, it will probably guess or detect that this is HTML encoded. Therefore, ftfy detects encodings. If the guess is wrong, the data has now been corrupted. Your protestations about how corruptions will not occur in “serious” data (what is is that, anyway?), and blaming “bizarre emoticons” is exactly symptomatic of what I’m talking about – you are blaming every wrong guess which this library makes on uses of non-ASCII. This is being an ASCII neanderthal. The problems of ignoring encodings are real, and should not be blamed on users of “bizarre emoticons and stuff”. > you told it. Another commenter claims that this worked: > ftfy.fix_text('L&amp;amp;Atilde;&amp;amp;sup3;pez') There is no “fix_entities = True” there. Indeed, if the library would require such a parameter, what would be the point? If you already know the encoding, the library has no reason to exist. Therefore, the whole point of the library is to guess the encoding. > you should appreciate that I'm testing on millions of examples Examples taken, I would assume, either from your personal use cases, the use cases of your customers, or some sort of general grab-bag of mis-encoded text you could find. I would assume that this one-size-fits-all ad-hoc rule set would be wrong for many users in their specialized use cases, and would bite them when they least expect it. > It's the library you use when the data you get has already been decoded incorrectly. Wait, does this not make the usability of this library very limited? How would I know that something has been decoded incorrectly? If I’m already handling this manually, what is the point of having a library? So in other words, this library is only for “serious” text. You know, I’ve been accused of hating fun, but I you think you beat me, having written a library which is incompatible with it. Would that not bias your rules towards decoding only the errors which are made by all existing Twitter clients (of which I understand there are relatively few)? Anyway, now we’re just arguing in circles. I said that the library would guess that “&amp;” was HTML encoded. You said “fix_entities is a parameter. It's not guessing, you told it.” I said that the example given has no such parameter. You then turned around and said that it was a success that it guessed correctly, but my point was that it was, indeed, guessing , and might, therefore, guess wrong. I don’t want to call you an ASCII neanderthal, really, and I’m sorry I did, it’s just that your library helps the actual ASCII neanderthals from having to bother with evolving. This is my main complaint about this library. It will probably be used by them, reflexively, to decode everything , even when the encoding is known, and therefore introduce (admittedly relatively small amounts of) data corruption (but these things have a tendency to crop up when you least wanted them). Whereas if your library was not used, users would have to think about what decoding to use, use it, and not introduce data corruption. Also, I have some misgivings about a one-size-fits-all solution of guessing encodings – I guess that it would never really work in quite the painless way most your users imagine. To solve this, I advocated a user-customizable training approach, which would, for each user, be the best possible one for their use case. It would also have the beneficial side effect of forcing the users to actually think about their data and what encodings it was likely to have and in what circumstances, thus making them evolve to Homo Unicodus. ☺ Of course, I could be wrong about this, but my principal worry about this library, as stated above, remains. You brought up the fact that the library was only for ( your word) “serious” text. You chose the specific example of “non-serious” text. You can hardly fault me, then, for accusing the library of being incompatible with non-seriousness. > This library is taking the only possible approach It is taking the only possible approach if we assume that it must use one and only one algorithm for all uses. Otherwise, it seems to me that a lot of careful tuning and configuration would be needed in order for this library to make the best guesses it possibly can make for a specific user’s situation and data. > might take a very long time to converge A limit there might be appropriate – otherwise there might exist a “billion laughs” style attack. Lost the plot? I have had two main arguments: 1. Due to its simplicity for a large group of naïve users, the library will likely be prone to over- and misuse. Since the library uses guessing as its method of decoding, and by definition a guess may be wrong, this will lead to some unnecessary data corruption in situations where use of this library (and the resulting data corruption) was not actually needed. 2. The library uses a one-size-fits-all model in the area of guessing encodings and language. This has historically proven to be less than a good idea, since different users in different situations use different data and encodings, and your library’s algorithm will not fit all situations equally well. I suggested that a more tunable and customizable approach would indeed be the best one could do in the cases where the encoding is actually not known. (This minor complexity in use of the library would also have the benefit of discouraging overuse in unwarranted situations, thus also resolving the first point, above.) You have, as far as I can see, not yet responded substantively to the first point, and for the second point you have only asserted that your user-uncustomizable alorithm is superior to any possible other automatically derived algorithm. Yet, I ’m the one who deserves a Plonk ? I think not. The double dash -- to stop option parsing is not a GNU thing – it comes from the POSIX standard. My complaint from about a year ago was that they only supported contributing if you had an iPhone¹. Have they fixed this yet? 1) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6948368 > He found his answer in an Atari arcade machine. Its trackball seemed perfect for the job. Would that not have been patented? Did Apple licence it from Atari? If they did, they were lucky that Atari allowed it – Atari might simply have denied Apple a license. EDIT: Replace “Atari” with “whoever owned the patent”. > The third insight came in how you use the thing. At first, Yurchenco remembers, everyone assumed mice had to be phenomenally accurate to deliver a good experience. “Suddenly we realized, you don’t care if it’s accurate!” he recalls. People don’t pay attention to what their hand is doing when they use a mouse; they just care about where the cursor goes. This was certainly not a new insight – it was clearly explained in 1968 in the “Mother of all Demos” by Douglas Engelbart, where the original computer mouse was first introduced. This insight is what enabled the mouse to even exist – previous similar devices were known as digitizer boards and were strictly tied to their pads – they were one integrated unit. The very idea of a mouse device by itself is absolutely dependent on this insight that precise accuracy is not necessary. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_lists_of_lists Tptacek is arguing that Tentler is probably going to get into a lot of legal trouble. You are arguing that he ought not to get in trouble. These are two separate arguments . Tptacek is not arguing that Tentler ought to get in trouble, but you responded as though that was the case. First expressed, I believe, by Clay Shirky: […] She heard this story and she shook her head and said, “Where do people find the time?” That was her question. And I just kind of snapped. And I said, “No one who works in TV gets to ask that question. You know where the time comes from. It comes from the cognitive surplus you've been masking for 50 years.” ­— Gin, Television, and Social Surplus, Clay Shirky, May 2008 ( http://www.worldchanging.com/archives/008009.html ) The “freedom” to choose a license is in reality the right to have power over other people: https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/freedom-or-power.html Previously submitted to HN here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6376191 This is only a story for those who ascribe some special property to a mechanical gear. Simple question: Why is this a story and not many of the myriad of other clever biochemical solutions found in nature? I can only come to the conclusion I have already stated: Some people ascribe something special to mechanical constructs and consider them to be in some way non-natural. Like… Lisp with a structure editor¹? 1) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structure_editor Reminds me of this: http://www.dominic-deegan.com/view.php?date=2007-01-04 Summary: In a fantasy setting with seers who get random visions, they must have encylopedic knowledge of the history of everything to be able to tell, from contextual clues, from where (and when – past, present, or future) the visions originate. For a piece of music with a similar association, see The Streets of Cairo, or the Poor Little Country Maid ¹ which for many have come to symbolize ancient Egypt¹. 1) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Streets_of_Cairo,_or_the_P... > Currently I'm working on something Mike Hearn suggested, using the security features of modern processors, designed to support "Trusted Computing", to harden Bitcoin wallets. It's almost ready to release. I just have to do the documentation. Did this ever get released? This is basically the same point as the one in this (imho better) article written in 2011: 5 Things Nobody Tells You About Being Poor ( http://www.cracked.com/blog/5-things-nobody-tells-you-about-... ) “ Now, I can think of three really good reasons why you shouldn’t do something like that, George. ” 1. The process to revive a person after freezing does not exist . Current speculations about how it would work are so mired and poisoned by wishful thinking that it is essentially impossible to know whether it will ever exist. 2. Even if the process will some day exist, it will be too late for you if you were not frozen correctly. It’s like writing a zip / compress program and speculating that someone in the future might one day invent unzip / uncompress – if unzip or uncompress eventually does appear, it is extremely likely to show bugs in the implementation and/or specification of the original zip or compress program, making all data previously thought to be “compressed” instead utterly corrupt and worthless. 3. The incentives are all wrong for the actual truth to surface. The incentive for a company in this business is to imply that the science is (or will soon be) much farther along than it currently is, and a customer has the incentive to believe this, since the alternative is death. To paraphrase: It is difficult to get someone to understand something, when their life depends upon them not understanding it. > […] maybe one day someone will figure it out. So it’s like Pascal’s wager, except it is a real wager which costs money. > […] more research should be done […] Absolutely, but it is very hard to guard against wishful thinking, which absolutely everybody has an incentive to succumb to. > Future generations may […] have trouble believing that we suffered physical death […] …and there it is. Firstly, the Gutmann method is seriously outdated. Nowadays, for modern SAS/SATA drives, a normal overwrite of the data is perfectly sufficient for all cases – if I recall correctly, nobody has been able to restore any data thusly overwritten. (This is for magnetic drives. For SSD drives, “overwriting” does not actually overwrite, so anything and everything might be still accessible.) Secondly, it has happened that people has suffered major brain damage and survived with ”only” personality changes and mobility impairments, but I posit that these cases are rare , and not nearly the normal case you make them out to be. Thirdly, it is a rather large step to go from simply having your data all there and usable to having to hire, no, wait, invent , data recovery technology. A frozen body is a liability to owners – there is every incentive for them to lose it or otherwise facilitate its loss. There is also no drawback, as there is no one who would notice or complain if they do. 1. You ignored my point to instead attack my word choice. I actually took that word (“frozen”) from the article title. But we could call it “mummification” for all I care – it does not alter any point I was making. 2. (I have nothing to add to this beyond my other replies in this thread.) 3. I argued that any information from a company in this business is likely to be biased, and you suggest I read the company’s information because they would like to have informed customers? What? That does not follow. For a view slightly less likely to be biased, see the Cryonics FAQ: http://www.benbest.com/cryonics/CryoFAQ.html Fine – that frozen body is an asset. But any random frozen body is not . > So, like every other charity in the world? Yes, the incentives in this case are the same. I am talking about what the incentives are, and you are replying with, essentially, “ Surely they wouldn’t do such a thing! ”. Maybe not, but that’s not the point. The incentive is what I’m talking about. And the fact is that a head or body and a contract is a straight liability, with nobody (literally!) to complain if they don’t fulfill their part. If you want to argue that they would stand to lose more PR and goodwill than it would be worth, that would actually be a point you could make, but now I’m just writing your argument for you. See also: Traffic Waves (1998, William Beaty, http://amasci.com/amateur/traffic/traffic1.html ). > First Ever TechCrunch Disrupt Hack I’m surprised they didn’t include the word “Launch” in there somewhere, among the other buzzwords. Is this maybe the modern version of Fermat’s Last Theorem? “ I have written a truly marvellous program to do this, but I have not yet had time to finish the documentation. ” > spend time with your gf... Unrelated: That’s uncool; you’ve just made every developer who read that, who has (or would like) a boyfriend instead of a girlfriend, feel like you think they shouldn’t belong here. And I would hope you actually don’t think that.