I agree with you in principle, but in practice, when I was visiting New York in July, I got much better results by using an external app rather than Google Maps. ("NYC Subway", I think it was called.) Specifically, Google's directions often had multiple transfers and didn't mention any alternate routes, whereas the app gave me the route with fewest transfers and showed all the other lines going there, in case you missed the first train. I think this is why Apple's plan to relegate public transport directions to external apps might be a good idea: there's no way a single company -- even one the size of even Google! -- can keep track of all the minutiae involved in planning routes for every public transport system around the world, whereas app makers can. Even today, every public transit system that I've been on has one or more apps, so I doubt uptake will be a problem. And with the new APIs in iOS6, it should be much easier to get directions via external apps, since they show up in a list right in the Maps app. Oh, and the app worked offline, which as you might know is mighty helpful in large parts of the subway. :) saurik, thank you so much for responding in this thread. Your answers are very insightful. In regards to 4, I've always assumed that to an extent, Apple tolerates jailbreakers and doesn't put as much effort as they could into fixing the exploits (unless they're critical, like the PDF one.) What do you think? Er, I don't think that's true at all. First of all, indies didn't used to do as many Mac ports before Steam for Mac/Humble Bundle. But aside from that, you have franchises like GTA, KotOR, Civilization, Assasin's Creed, and others. I think Steam for Mac definitely had an influence. One thing that I wish my undergrad CS degree taught me was how to manage and structure larger programs. It's a vast topic that I still have a lot of difficulty with two years into my career. If the world moves to touch computing, what's going to happen to PC gaming? Traditionally, PC gaming has been popular because PCs get used for many other things besides gaming. If most people switch to touch devices for their primary computers, will there still be enough people building gaming rigs for developers to care about that market? I'm sure the big console manufacturers would love nothing more than to move everyone over to consoles, but this would signal the downfall of indie games, certain kinds of first-person shooters, real-time strategy games, simulators, and many other genres. I would be devastated to see this happen. Corel Painter has paint mixing, but I don't know how it compares to Paper's approach. In order to avoid this problem, I bought one of these microSD "sticks" a couple of years ago: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002HGFKR8 . I also bought a miniature lobster claw hook ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003HFEQ3W ) to attach it to my keychain. It worked amazingly well: the stick never got lost because it attached to my keychain via the base instead of the cap, it was tiny enough to never get in my way, and the memory was upgradable to boot. On the downside, speeds were pretty slow and the microSD card occasionally got dislodged, but these were relatively minor issues for me when compared to the benefits. Unfortunately, it bit the dust a couple of months ago — wonder if there are any faster alternatives? Try this! Haven't been here in ages, but it looks like it still works: http://wla.berkeley.edu/ As a developer, the last point bothers me the most. Why can't I use my standard OS shortcuts with the command line?! It looks just like a text prompt, and yet it doesn't behave like one. (And I'm sorry, but bash shortcuts are ugly.) For me, at least, the dependency issue has been resolved with automatic build systems like MacPorts. It's been a while since I had to manually seek out the dependencies for a command line program by hand. Discoverability is very much an issue. I tried to figure out how to get ffmpeg to do something last night, and it took me hours. I find Google to be far more indispensable when using the command line than the man pages. Despite all these issues, I still find the command line invaluable. :) I'm a bit surprised that so many people NEED a dead-silent environment to concentrate on their work. Maybe it's because I grew up with a snoring dad, but I can completely tune out a crowd of people without breaking a sweat, while all my coworkers would go crazy without their headphones. Honest question: is this truly such a difficult skill to cultivate? You'd think it would be a whole lot more beneficial in the long run than investing in an expensive set of noise-cancelling equipment. But I don't know, maybe I'm just going deaf! I didn't realize Stallman was licensed under the GPL! I am skeptical. Piracy exists on iOS, yes, but my understanding is that legitimate users far outnumber jailbroken users. Maybe for the enterprise. What about home use? About a month ago, I had 4 drives scattered around the house, each in its own enclosure, and I wanted to consolidate them into one unit. Money was an issue, so I wanted to recycle as many of them as possible instead of buying new ones. A Synology NAS along with a single extra drive allowed me near-optimal use of space with 1-drive redundancy. Of course, I have weekly backups to an external drive, so even if the array fails during a drive swap, I'll still have all my important files. Any other solution would either require me to buy more drives (a significant expense at $100+ a pop), sacrifice redundancy, or build my own NAS with ZFS (which would have significant administration overhead, cost more, and be larger than my Synology unit). A PC video card with the same specs as a console video card will perform significantly slower. Console games are optimized on a very low, platform-specific level, which simply isn't feasible on PC. (Not to mention, console ports often have much poorer performance in general.) The HD4000 is actually pretty good for an integrated card and runs a lot of older games well, but it won't run many modern games even on low settings. I speak from experience on this. For some reason, if your PC is underspecced in the gaphics department, even going down to 640x480 and setting all the graphics settings to low won't make most modern games playable. I don't know why this is the case. This is really interesting, thank you. I haven't seen a lot of discussion about how traditional filmmaking techniques might need to be changed to work with HFR. I've always wanted to get into web design, but every time I read an article like this, I get scared. Sometimes it seems like the web is nothing but hacks piled on top of hacks... Have you heard of Scala? http://www.huygens-fokker.org/scala/ It's used to change around the default MIDI scale, so that you can play with early scales or even scales from other cultures. It's really cool if you get it working with your keyboard. Unfortunately, there's not a lot of software that supports it, although I think Logic Pro did at some point. You meant to type http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-specialists , right? But with 2D comments, there's rarely any actual discussion. It's mostly people stating their opinions and others individually responding to them. Looking at the demo page, I love how the threads are 1D, but you can still switch to direct replies if you just want to follow the sub-conversation. It's the best of both worlds. I've never worked with iCloud, so I'm curious: why do devs say that Dropbox is so much better than iCloud? From what I've seen, both work similarly in that they abstract out the cloud as part of the file system. Wouldn't you still have to resolve conflicts and do all that other dirty stuff if you use Dropbox? Edit: potatolicious has a pretty great explanation. It looks like it's mostly CoreData issues. But for those cases, Dropbox wouldn't do any better, right? Many famous composers and writers produced their finest works in their later years. Surely we can do the same! As a longtime gamer, I desparately fear the idea of a locked-down, touch-based, and endlessly monetizable future for my favorite hobby. What if the PC simply becomes unprofitable for major game releases because of the tablet market, ARM, or whatever else? What if gamers get used to touch controls and buttons become outmoded? What if the Facebook model of "social" games consumes every other genre? I can only hope that Newell's get-out-of-jail-free card will work as intended. If the desktop PC disappears for the average user, I wouldn't be surprised if even ports stopped getting released. Honestly, that kind of stuff is much closer to gambling than what I would consider gaming. I just really hope (though I'm probably wrong) that "social" games occupy their own niche and aren't pulling gamers away from more honest games. Yes, and not so great for others. Have you tried playing Batman: Arkham Asylum with a mouse/keyboard? Those combos are so much harder to pull off! What about 3D platformers, where analog movement is paramount? Racing games, where analog steering and acceleration really help? Nowadays, I find that I use my PC gamepad as often as my mouse/keyboard. For me, aside from Terminal, the biggest productivity boost in OSX is probably Spaces. I tried a few virtual desktop applications in Windows and all of them kind of sucked in comparison. I also love using the help search (Cmd+?, I think) to find menu items in more complex applications. Really miss that feature in Windows! I once saw a tomato tasting booth at a farmer's market with some 25 different varietals, and I'm sure there are hundreds of others just waiting to be grown. We don't need to science the solution. Apple devices? Not to the extent of keeping thousands of prisoners in Holocaust-like conditions, I think. I agree completely. 90% of the games that are currently on my iPhone were a) made by dev teams with 1-3 people, b) provide a unique and polished experience, and c) became known mainly based on community outreach. None of them are currently in the top rankings, but as far as I can tell they make enough money for the teams to get by. People keep talking about "hidden gems" on the App Store that failed to succeed despite having an excellent product, but so far, the only ones I've seen were either outright clones, failed to do any outreach at all, or had a poor business model. (Freemium with very little incentive to upgrade, for instance.) Sure, if you're a hundred-person company, you might need to resort to shady means to be profitable. But I don't think that's at all necessary to make money on the App Store. Yeah, we got similar advice when I was working at a social gaming startup. Apparently, it's not unheard of among growing, venture-funded companies like ours. I assure you, however, that the vast majority of the indie games that make the headlines (Super Hexagon, Hundreds, Letterpress, etc.) don't use these techniques. Unusable?! I've been using Chrome on my iPhone 4 for the past week and I haven't noticed a significant difference. One very notable example is Sword & Sworcery EP. The guys behind the game did a talk at GDC '12 about making games for niche audiences instead of stooping to the lowest common denominator, but I can't seem to find it. Simogo has made a couple of very unique and artful games, including last year's Mobile Game IGF winner Beat Sneak Bandit. It's notable that their games are premium priced ($3), but still have hundreds of reviews. Mika Mobile is a husband & wife team with a number of fantastic brawlers under their belts, including Battleheart and Zombieville USA 2. Tiger Style is (in their own words) a "distributed collective of independent game developers" that have most recently developed the award-winning exploration/space-gardening game Waking Mars. Jeff Minter releases a new iOS game what seems like every other week. (Though he once characterized it as "run[ning] frantically on the iOS treadmill".) Zach Gage has made a number of small, fairly popular games, including SpellTower and Bit Pilot. ("Net Gross for me is probably around ~110k for 3 years of work. but the profits would probably be quite a bit lower than that") ----- Notable recent failures include Punch Quest (F2P model didn't yield any income, so they switched to paid) and Gasketball (again, the F2P model they were using was too permissive). ----- So, not a perfect ecosystem, but not an abysmal wasteland either. Enough for the kooky hobbyists to get by as long as their products are top-notch and their business model makes sense. (At least that's how I see it.) I replied to the poster above you with examples, in case you're interested. Come to think of it, I felt the same way. Left the registration page up in the background while I worked on other stuff. Eventually came back and made an account. Others might not be so patient! I usually hate social logins, but I actually like the way SO does it because you can bind your account to multiple services. Now I no longer have to remember which specific one I picked. Man, I'd honestly find example 2 more stressful than example 1. Is pair programming really something that programmers find useful? Should I develop this skill more? I've barely had to do it at all at my jobs, and when I have, it was difficult for me because I couldn't get into my usual flow. Even with an extra pair of eyes and hands, I felt like I was working at 50% efficiency. I guess I should read up on concurrency. :) When you're picking out specific lines to commit, or selecting certain files out of a batch, or reading through a long diff, or doing any number of things that requires random access, GUI beats CLI by a long shot. Of course, GUI doesn't work so well when you need to do some of the more fiddly stuff. Which is why it's good to use both. :) Perhaps, but it's also one of the ugliest applications known to man! Personally, I tend to use GitX when I'm working on small projects, but Tower really is a great tool. Just FYI, there are a few branches that are better featured, but I don't remember their names right now. I recommend you seek them out instead of the plain GitX. The Magazine used to be subscription only. Now you can read one free article per month online: www.marco.org/2013/02/24/the-magazine-sharing I don't think it's a matter of insecurity. In the decades since vim was released, we've made drastic improvements in UX design that have made computing much more accessible and intuitive. (And we're still moving forward at a rapid rate — just look at the stuff that people like Bret Victor and Chris Granger doing!) And yet, so many programmers are adamant on sticking to 20th century editors and obscure key commands, even sometimes (sometimes!) at the expense of usability. I don't think it's particularly offensive to wonder why such old tools are still so popular, especially when for most people the thinking part of programming is what takes the most time. Additionally, your tools shouldn't define you as a programmer, and yet I often see people getting shamed for using an IDE instead of vim/emacs/whatever. 24. Even though we always had a computer at home, I never got into programming and spent most of my time playing games. (The learning curve was too steep, and besides, what could I possibly make that was better than the games I was playing?) Then when I got to college I majored in CS. Now I'm definitely interested in making games. :) In my opinion, the abundance of dynamic and interpreted languages, powerful tools, programmable hardware, and the internet make getting into programming WAY easier than it was before. An interesting contrast to this: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5219866 Whether or not this is a good solution (I haven't examined it closely yet), there are certainly a lot of problems with traditional Western notation. For example: you're limited to 12 pitches, you can't precisely represent bends, you can't precisely represent note lengths, many of the symbols are cryptic at first glance, some of the words don't get translated (tempo markings), some of the symbols are imprecise (again, tempo markings), it's annoying to write music in non-traditional modes, it's annoying to write music with syncopation, etc. Sure, this has worked fine for musicians over the past few centuries, but music has changed a lot since Mozart. I think Western notation could use a little rethinking, so I'm happy that someone is at least looking into it. I'm a new WordPress user. Are there any guides online with best practices that I can follow? (Some suggestions I see in this thread: rate-limiting plugin, don't have user id #1, don't have user "admin".) Well, with tempi, my main gripe isn't the exact BPM but rather the fact that you have to memorize all this obscure Italian (+ other?) terminology in order to understand what's going on. Why can't we have standard localized terms instead? As for exact note lengths, I mostly agree with you, except for certain pieces of modern music (EDM, for instance) where the meter is fairly rigid but the note lengths are off from the defaults. It would be nice to be able to represent that accurately. You can also have first-person games with no shooting at all, like Dear Esther or The Witness. There are lots of very simple toys that are popular on the App Store. (Of course, it's hard to tell which ones will make money ahead of time.) Super Hexagon combined with a typing tutor? Awesome! Love the animation, too. It's great for small, experimental indie games that want to reach as big of an audience as possible. Think Ludum Dare. For bigger games, though, I agree completely. I think he's coming from the perspective of someone who uses his camera phone as his primary camera. I'm no photographer, but I've often gotten better pictures from my iPhone than my default SLR camera kit. Why bother spending $500+ when you already have a camera of comparable quality in your pocket? If you spend that much money on a piece of professional equipment, you might as well go all the way. If you're an independent software developer, how does the App Store do anything other than help you? Yes, you still have to build a standout piece of software and somehow let people know about it, but you no longer have to worry about payment processing or downloads — and if you're lucky, Apple might give you an extra bit of marketing push. The only thing I see changing is that there are now too many apps in the App Store to rely on in-store marketing alone. But I fail to see how the situation is any worse than it was for a lone programmer working on a text editor or RSS reader in the 90s or 00s. Assuming you find a similar unfulfilled niche, write excellent software, and talk about it on relevant forums/mailing lists/whatever, isn't it likely that you'll be a whole lot more successful than you could have hoped for a decade ago? This is why I'm surprised when people say "don't play the App Store lottery". I understand where they're coming from, but isn't that tantamount to saying "don't be an independent software developer"? Or am I missing something? "As the market moves more and more to mobile, talking up your app on an Internet based forum is not going to work. Plus, I don't think that relying on getting a buzz going on Reddit is a very repeatable marketing strategy." If I understand you correctly, you seem to be implying that people will do most of their app discovery directly through the App Store in the future, not via other sources like forums, word of mouth, blogs, podcasts, review sites, etc. Why do you think this is going to change? It's not like people are going to stop browsing the web just because they get their software directly from Apple. As I see it, the App Store is nothing more than a glorified download manager. (CAVEAT: Yes, Angry Birds is going to get thousands of downloads when it shows up in the top 10, and if your app is even remotely similar it probably won't compete. Similarly, if there's an app in the listings that fixes a common problem -- text editing, calculator, whatever -- your similar app will probably get less hits. But if you make software to solve new problems or provide new experiences, then I don't see how the listings would detract from your sales.) Uh, do the slides shrink with every click for anyone else? It's odd to me that we don't study creative thinking more. When it comes to technical details, we've got it covered; you can find hundreds of textbooks on any given field, from the arts to the sciences. But the mysterious step that actually lets you recombine that knowledge into new ideas is usually shrugged off as "hard work" or "inspiration". On the other hand, I suppose it's a pretty difficult question to answer. If you were to ask a musician how they compose their music, they would probably talk about scales and chord progressions and improvisation. But the true answer involves a whole lifetime of experiences and memories, filtered in a specific way through the musician's brain to create certain musical effects, themselves based on years of training. To even talk about that would require a lot of introspection. What if we could train ourselves to think like Einstein? What would this do for science? What about Mozart and music? Same for Metafilter (though the rule set is much less strict). FYI, the lead programmer for Awesomenauts has a fantastic dev blog that delves into the inner workings of the game: http://joostdevblog.blogspot.com/search/label/Awesomenauts (And it's a really fun game too! Easily worth the price of the bundle by itself.) It would be good to know which of these readers has a sustainable business model. For example, Feedly is free. After Google Reader, I'm not sure I can trust that. Compared to Cocos2d, I'm not that interested in Sprite Kit as a framework. But combined with the new gamepad APIs, I think you might be on to something in regards to the Apple TV. What Apple bloggers have you been reading? John Gruber, who is arguably the most famous Apple blogger of all, has always been a proponent of the Metro look, as well as an opponent of the kitschy skeuomorphic elements in iOS. I mean, he's been anticipating the "flattening" of iOS7 ever since Forestall went out the door! And personally, I love the way iOS7 looks and feels from the videos, way more than my current iOS6. (Except for Game Center, don't know what's up with those bubbles.) As I see it, DRM is much more of a problem on consoles than it is on PC. In my Steam library, I have Commander Keen right next to Bioshock Infinite. There's no "expiration date" for my games. On the other hand, consoles come in generations. They only last a decade at most, and it looks like we're not going to have backwards compatibility going forward. What's going to happen when Microsoft decides to pull support for their 10, 20, 30 year old DRM-laden consoles? Not every game is going to get an HD remake, sadly. I started reading this article with a burning prejudice against overly nitpicky designers, but I have to say, each change here makes perfect sense and contributes to a more cohesive whole. Never thought Firefox of all places would be a good place to read about design. Great work! In regards to the flatness and lack of detail that some people are complaining about: when I look at the Firefox icon in my taskbar, I don't parse it as a fox and a globe but rather as an abstract red/blue circle. The simplified design will make this easier to read -- much more in line with, for example, the Chrome logo. I don't know, it's just not the first name that pops into my head. But I agree with you! Personally, I feel like these are fairly minor issues. To reiterate my point below, wouldn't you say that the new logo ( http://i.imgur.com/fKCH7Zx.png ) looks better in the taskbar than the old logo ( http://i.imgur.com/9QFgDVi.png )? (Caveat: this is a Photoshop mockup, so they might add outlines or do other stuff to it when it ships.) Actually, I recently started using Firefox again precisely because of the recent design changes. I love the way the new UI looks and feels. They've also worked out a lot of the technical issues, such as high memory use. Extra-awesome if we could include a snapshot of the source code without the git repo or commits. I don't know why people are expecting this to happen so soon (if at all). Even if we have the technology for driverless cars sometime in the next few decades (QAed for all possible conditions and failures, of course), there will be no way that they'll be street legal without a (sober) driver at the wheel. We have fully automated TRAINS -- vehicles that only have to go back and forth along a single axis -- that still require conductors. Airlines, despite being 99% automatic, are very, very strict about pilot safety and training. How could you possibly expect something that's an order of magnitude more complicated to be any different? Top it off with some of the most advanced AI (yet to be) invented and you have a problem with a solution much farther into the future than one might think. Me, I'd rather stick with good old fashioned public transit. When I installed the iOS6 beta on my iPad 3, maps literally ran at something like 15fps until close to release. Now it's fine. I think iOS7 will probably be similar. Yep. I was enjoying the article until I read that comment, at which point I lost all respect for the author. I truly feel sorry for Phil Fish. He may have said some silly things in the past, but literally EVERY time something news-worthy about him comes up, the internet explodes with thousands of vitriolic comments about how much of a dick he is. Just look at the comments on Reddit, RPS, or any mainstream news site. They're abhorrent. This has been going on in full-force pretty much since GDC12, when the "Japanese games" incident happened. Fish asked on Twitter for people to please stop treating him like this a few months ago. It's only gotten worse since then. At this point, it's clear that this stuff is weighing on him pretty heavily. I don't think anyone deserves to be treated like this, regardless of how they handle their online presence. I mean, it's basically cyber-bullying at this point. I wish people would realize that there's another person on the other end of the line who is actually suffering because of their comments. (Hoping to get this in before the Fish-bashing inevitably starts here as well.) I enjoyed the author's Beijing/Chinatown metaphor in point 10. Wait, how does this work with the Apple frameworks? I assume you can't go faster than what Apple gives you. If you were to discard every photo, how fast could you theoretically go? xkcd has a history of doing stuff like this. Take the "Dream Girl" comic, for instance. In one of its panels, it featured an innocuous set of coordinates and dates. As it turned out, they were a hidden invite for a meetup a few months into the future. Nothing about them was explained beforehand: it was up to the readers to figure it out. I've come to expect that every detail in an xkcd comic probably has some meaning. http://blog.xkcd.com/2007/10/01/the-meetup/ Try arrow keys to pan, Shift to zoom in, and Ctrl to zoom out. Makes me feel like a super spy! Hey man, that's kind of mean. From what I understand (somebody correct me), exFAT is prone to corruption if you unplug an exFAT drive without doing a soft eject first. On the other hand, it's probably the best FS that's natively supported by both OSX and Windows. If you're too cheap to shell out money for a VPN, proXPN has a limited free tier. I've been using it for banking while travelling and it works great! Another option is to ensure that most of your phone can be recycled: http://www.apple.com/recycling/ Question is, if Windows becomes a closed ecosystem or flops altogether, would PC gamers elect to move to Linux? Even if they do, there's going to be a significant loss of numbers along the way, and it's already a smaller market than consoles. I can see a future where most game companies (barring maybe Valve, Blizzard, and a few others) cut their losses and decide to focus solely on consoles and iOS/Android. That would be a sad future indeed. It's a bit confusing, but overall, I really love the presentation of this article. I wish more serious research was presented like this, with lots of knobs for fiddling and experimentation. (See also: Bret Victor.) Looking at the screenshots, I feel like "my butt" should really be "your butt". I mean, everyone talking about "your cloud" makes far more sense than "my cloud". As much as I love my iOS devices, they still have MASSIVE latency compared to my Wacom tablet. There's just no comparison. I guess the touch processing had a lot of overhead. I remember reading somewhere that the DS homebrew "pressure sensitivity" was merely a hack. Since you hit more neighboring pixels when you push the stylus down, you get more "pressure". (This could be outdated information, though.) This is great and I hope more app developers follow suit! It's pretty darn easy to hold two seemingly-contradictory beliefs. The trick is to stifle the urge to resolve them. And going one further, each topical subreddit usually has a couple of higher quality spinoffs. For example, r/gaming vs. r/games, or r/askreddit vs r/askhistorians. I thought it looked great. Then I noticed it was following me around. Easy solution: just make it immobile like an ordinary logo. How big is the complete archive? Both of the previous companies I worked at had unlimited access to alcohol. The startup had a kegerator, while the bigger company had an empty desk filled entirely with liquor bottles on my floor. The only drinking that really happened was on Fridays. Very rarely did anyone have a drink during normal working hours, unless we were in the office late at night and it was crunch time. It was just taboo. (Not writing this in defense of alcohol at the office. Personally, I like it. But I can see the other side as well.) Kinda reminds me of the Squarespace editor. Maybe there should be an open-source software license with a clause that prevents your inventions from being used in instruments of war and violence. As an aside, even though it might ruffle some feathers, I don't think it would actually be illegal to do so — right? Because you are not the only person on HN. > IT IS A GIANT COMMERCIAL, FOR FUCK'S SAKE! Is every form of communication from a company about its products a "giant commercial"? While an Apple keynote is no doubt a marketing event, I think it's also pretty clear that Apple gives a crap about its products and their effect on the world at large. That's why people get so excited about these things. It's a rare opportunity to peek inside Willy Wonka's factory. Compare to a company like Samsung, whose events tend to be gaudy, sleazy, and very clearly aimed at selling the product. > This is the point where it becomes impossible to avoid comparisons to religion. No, and by doing so, you lower the level of discourse on this website. This is pretty interesting. Reminds me of the "speaking piano" a little bit: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muCPjK4nGY4 This is a pretty great idea. I'm trying to travel and work on a few projects right now, and my average is turning out to be around $75-$100 per day for the US. $50 per day sounds like a fun, cheap way to get some work done, assuming you can get access to the internet at least in some capacity. At this point, I'm not even sure how my identity is split up on Google's servers between my original Google account, my Google Plus account, and my legacy YouTube account. Sometimes I feel like I'm logged into three different things at once. And now I can't even use my original username as my Google Plus URL? Does that mean that my legacy YouTube account is no longer active? Or has it been merged with my Google Plus profile without my consent, despite consistently clicking on "no thanks" every time the window popped up? This sort of quagmire causes me to unconsciously stop using the services causing it. Already, I've found myself much less interested in liking and favoriting YouTube videos. Here's a very thorough spreadsheet from the FlyerTalk forums: http://www.flyertalk.com/forum/17837493-post1.html There are a handful of credit unions that issue dual C&S/C&P cards. It's a little harder to get one than an ordinary card, but probably worth it if you're traveling abroad. (I got one from Andrews.) I was up in Canada a few months ago, where EMV cards are ubiquitous. C&S is accepted everywhere, but merchants routinely get confused by the second receipt printing out. I've heard it's the same in Europe. I sort of disagree. One of the benefits of the stagnant last-generation consoles is that us PC gamers didn't have to upgrade our hardware nearly as often. (And STILL, many games simply wouldn't run acceptably on hardware many times more powerful than Xbox/PS3, even at low settings.) I wish developers focused more on performance over flashiness. As far as I'm concerned, Super Mario Galaxy is still one of the best looking games ever made, and it was essentially running on Gamecube hardware. To me, latency is by far the most important issue here, and I don't see any mention of it on the page. Compared to my Wacom tablet, touch input is just too laggy to use in anything but the most basic drawing and note-taking tasks; is Bluetooth better or worse? (Judging by my existing BT devices, I'm gonna have to guess "worse".) "I added bacon to my milkshake because bacon!" This article reminds me to brush up on my blocks! Good to have all these error cases all in one place. :) I think people get riled up because the humble browser is rapidly turning into this: http://i.imgur.com/XNRtCGh.jpg Well, most browser extensions relate to browsing. Google, on the other hand, is trying to turn the browser into an OS. This is a really big shift that may very well determine the future of computing, so I think there's plenty here for people to get legitimately angry about. Not really the same kind of "hate train" that occasionally shows up on project posts, I think. I don't know about others, but for me, it just doesn't make any conceptual sense. Would you use Excel as a word processor? Would you use Lightroom for mapping? The modern operating system offers so many amazing frameworks and features; why throw that all away and start anew on a shaky foundation of Javascript, HTML, and insanely complicated rendering code, all originally designed for a completely different purpose? I prefer my software to adhere to the single responsibility principle as much as possible. EDIT: Why are you downvoting me? If you disagree, that's what the reply button is for. I'd like to think that HN is better than Reddit. I don't know much about this issue, but just a shot in the dark: Apple is using a new technology called Core Storage that's "layered between the whole-disk partition scheme and the file system used for a specific partition" in order to manage FileVault and their fusion drives. It's also apparently a technology that's in flux, as there are certain incompatibilities in regards to fusion drives (possibly custom created ones?) with the release of Mavericks. John Siracusa mentioned this in a recent podcast, and even hypothesized about how Core Storage might be a stop-gap between HFS+ and a new Apple-designed file system. Could it have something to do with this? This should be voted straight to the top. Whether or not Marco's assessment of the posting is accurate, it's always good to have more information -- especially with people calling out the family environment as "bullshit" with no real evidence. Thanks for sharing! It's impossible to predict things long-term. I mean, maybe we'll eventually get web applications that look and feel exactly like native apps. But maybe we'll still be stuck with kludgy, hacky, JS/HTML5-based apps that have rendering problems depending on your browser, that load in ugly chunks, that save your data to some proprietary cloud, that fail at concurrency, that don't integrate with your OS's multitasking workflow (Spaces, Mission Control), that take 5 times as long to run, and that stop working as soon as you go into a tunnel. And that's only from the user perspective; as a developer, I don't look forward to the nightmare of being stuck in a Javascript universe. I love being able to pick and choose from so many different frameworks, libraries, and languages when developing native apps; with Javascript, as soon as I try to do something simple, I inevitably end up with an SO answer that looks like this: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/950087/how-to-include-a-j... (And no, "use JQuery" is not an answer; it's a symptom.) Plus, it just feels shitty to not be able to own any of your tools. I don't want to rent my applications from some multinational corporation. I bought them, so they should be mine. (Yeah, yeah, nobody really owns anything anymore, but at least the bloody bits are on my drive!) In short, if web apps are the future, I hope that a) they're only one of several commonly used paradigms, and b) we have something better than a browser to run them in. This is a rather shortsighted view. Integrated graphics are rapidly catching up to desktop cards. The built-in Iris is enough to play games like TF2 with high settings, while the 15" Macbook Pro's 750M is half as powerful as my desktop AMD 6850! Furthermore, desktop PCs are getting ousted by laptops, to the point where I barely know anyone with a desktop anymore. In my view, PC gaming will have to adapt to this new environment, or it will become an increasingly niche market. (The enthusiasts who suggest spending $500 every year just to catch up with all the poorly optimized ports aren't helping.) And yes, I very much can have an immersive experience on my 15" display, as can many other people. According to the Valve hardware survey, only 32.61% are running at 1080p; most of the rest have to do with less. Giant monitors aren't as ubiquitous as you might think. Have you been paying attention to Intel's graphics improvements? At the rate they're going, we'll have the power of (current gen) desktop graphics in just a few iterations. I think you could even make the claim that the current Iris graphics are as powerful as current-gen consoles, though you wouldn't know it from all the crappy ports and the lack of a low-level graphics API. (Also, people still overclock their CPUs?) > Gaming on OSX doesn't work as well as on a PC because you can't put OSX on custom hardware. I'm sure most of those 20 million Ubuntu boxes have top-of-the-line CPUs and blazing fast GPUs, right? Fact of the matter is, the vast majority those machines won't be able to run anything other than 2D games. Also, before we start condemning OSX as a platform with no games, need I mention Borderlands 2? Metro: Last Light? All of Valve's titles? Civilization? Bioshock Infinite? Batman: Arkham City? XCOM: Enemy Unknown? I mean, come on. At least do some research. > You sound like an iOS developer. Don't do that. Discrete graphics are expensive, noisy, hot, and suck up tons of power. Upgrading your graphics card used to make a huge impact, but each successive generation now yields less and less improvement. (Carmack himself said in the most recent keynote that there probably won't be any "wow!" moments from graphics upgrades ever again.) Furthermore, some of the best looking games of the past few years (Super Mario Galaxy) were designed to run on one of the weakest systems around. As fun as it is to flip every switch in Crysis or Metro, I don't think most gamers care that much about diffuse lighting and ambient occlusion. We're at the point where things really do look "good enough" for all but the nitpicky, and I say this as a PC gamer for 20 years. Up to you. I can't get it either, but look here: http://hardforum.com/showthread.php?t=1748747 The top video card is Intel HD Graphics 3000 and Intel GPUs make up 12% of the list. Best of luck to you with this! The idea sounds interesting and the visuals have a cool sort of Jeff Minter vibe to them. You might want to change the name, though. I was confused at first, and I have the advantage of knowing about Bob's Game. Many people don't even have that context. When people think of "complexity" in regards to music, they often think of instrumentation, texture, production quality. But some of the most complex music ever written - the Well-Tempered Klavier - was written in mostly 2-4 voices for an instrument with no dynamics. I think the 2-3 note limit really forced chiptune composers to focus on compositional complexity, thus making that music stand out even today. In regards to sharing, I believe your provider can detect this and charge you more. My understanding was that you could change them yourself using either the iPhone Configuration Utility or http://www.unlockit.co.nz . Has something changed in that regard? Good to know, thanks for the info. Is there no way for carriers to apply these settings directly? I know Bell did some tinkering on my iPad when I got a SIM from them while traveling in Canada, but I don't know if it was anything more advanced than what the user can access. 1. The word "fanboy" is dismissive and only makes people defensive. If you want people to actually listen to you, please consider avoiding it. 2. This is a linkbaity article that needs to be corrected. This correction may be an important factor in determining which devices are more secure. 3. Yes, the NSA spying fiasco is the bigger topic here. No, it's not a competition. The samples are really, really cool. But it got me thinking: aside from a bit of parallax, what's the practical difference between this and 60fps video with a smooth/intertial seek slider? EDIT: I guess not having to use a dolly for smooth motion is a huge plus. But the tradeoff, of course, is loss of quality in the interpolated "frames". > I've been thinking a lot about experimenting with different ways of living together and creating new forms of community. When I was in college, I lived in a student cooperative during my senior year. (Ridge House in Berkeley — any co-opers up in here?!) Living, studying, working, cooking, and partying together with 37 other people in a beautiful old house that was, however briefly, our collective property, was one of the most meaningful experiences of my life. For once, even as a life-long introvert and loner, I felt like I was part of a close-knit community that stretched back for decades. I saw so many lifelong friendships and relationships form during my brief time there, and I've been looking to recreate that experience in my adult life ever since. (From what I've seen of my fellow ex-co-oopers, many of them feel the same way.) Great link, I spent a good while digging through there when I first found it. My favorite is using mdfind to leverage Spotlight for file search. Results come up instantly. Why would you even put the word "objective" in there, especially without providing any arguments? What's the point? To rile people up? Fn+up/down and Fn+left/right are easier to use and just make much more conceptual space to me than the PgUp/PgDown/Home/End key blob. Out of curiosity: when you say "weekend project", do you mean one person working for a single weekend? Because I've been seeing more and more "weekend projects" showing up on HN that look like they took a small team a week to put together, and it's really making me feel self-conscious about taking several days to just to get a couple of JS frameworks up and running on a simple proof-of-concept web-app — to say nothing of CSS, UI, server stuff, QA, error handling, etc. etc. etc. Am I really that far out of the loop?! Either way, great work! Thanks for the rundown! I wish more people posted their process like this. Helps me learn what's best to use and how to do things faster. There are a couple of genres that work really, really well with touchscreens. Unfortunately, they're not really in vogue right now. Turn-based strategy is one; Skulls of the Shogun is a good example, as is Frozen Synapse. Bullet hell shmups are, surprisingly, another. Check out Danmaku Unlimited 2: it's one of the few iOS-native games that compelled me to keep playing for more than an hour. http://doragongames.com/danmaku2/ I sometimes wonder about this. Pretty much everyone already has a connected computer in their pocket. Wouldn't it be nice if we could use the phone without a cell provider? The web without an ISP? Connect to our friends without a social network? Exchange money without a bank? Thinking further, what if all these services could be plugged into a well-abstracted peer-to-peer network, consisting of every connected device in the world? Services similar to Twitter or Facebook would no longer require a central host. Redundancy would be built in. Uptime would be pretty much guaranteed. Ads would go away. Freedom would be an implicit part of the system; no longer would profit motives sully (or censor!) services that people use and enjoy. And it would be more natural, too: pumping all our data through a few central pipes makes a lot less sense than simply connecting to our neighbors. Our devices would talk to each other just like we talk in the real world, only with the advantage of being able to traverse the global network in a matter of milliseconds. New technologies like Bitcoin and BitTorrent would crop up naturally as part of this arrangement. It would put power back into the hands of the people. Sadly, it seems a future of locked-down app stores controlled by a small number of large corporations is much more likely. (Sorry, I realized this started sounding like a Marxist rant halfway through. And I'm not even a Marxist! It just sucks that this fascinating future is one that we're not likely to experience, even though we're almost at the point where we could actually implement it. I think.) Great to hear! Krita is one of the few art programs that has real-time tiling, which seems like a great way to work on textures: http://krita.org/item/196-new-wraparound-tool I disagree. I saw a ton of stuff I never should have seen at that age. It didn't scar me for life, but it's desensitized me to a lot of terrible things. Unless you're a doctor, I just don't think it's healthy to look at NSFL gore, go "meh", and move on to something else. I also occasionally have those images flash in my head. I don't want them there, but there's nothing I can do about that now. (Granted, the same thing would have happened if I first saw them in my 20s, but at least I would have known what not to click.) PS, I don't care what you believe, but please don't downvote just because you disagree with something. It's passive-aggressive and it ruins communities. Use your words. (This was in response to my comment getting downvotes.) Surely you would agree that there are limits, socially determined or otherwise? Would you be OK with your child seeing a motorcyclist's head blown off? A man's distended anus? There are no limits on the internet. I saw all these things because I didn't know any better, or because I was morbidly curious. It didn't ruin me or give me PTSD or anything, but it definitely shaped my personality. I regret it now, in my mid-twenties. I've noticed myself showing a lack of empathy when horrible things happen to people who aren't close to me. This is especially the case with photos of war or famine. I really feel like I should have a visceral reaction, but I've just seen it all before. As I said, I also sometimes see these images in my head. I don't want to have anything to do with them, but now they're impossible to get rid of. I was morbidly curious to the extent that if somebody put a nasty link in front of me, I would have followed it. But I didn't actively seek those things out. To some extent, it was a test of macho-ness: can I handle this gore? What about this birth defect? I think a lot of kids are like that. I regret it because I feel it's shaped my personality, lessened my sense of empathy, and put a bunch of disgusting images in my head that I'll never be able to get rid of. I could be wrong, but I think PTSD can be induced with images. The Hiroshima/Nazi photos were powerful because they were such a rare display of extreme violence. (At least, that's how I remember feeling when I first saw them.) Plus, their impact was lessened because they were grainy, old, and black and white. Would you be OK with kids today seeing a modern mass grave -- bodies hacked up, heads cut off, etc.? Me, I'd be wary. Looks great! What are the benefits of using this over something like Unity? EDIT: Sorry if this sounded sarcastic. I was genuinely curious. Always happy to see a new engine out in the open! Perhaps, but I think the bigger issue is that downvotes can make your comment illegible. If you spend any time on Reddit, you'll know that the vote system pushes down any comments that go against the grain and reinforces the echo chamber effect. Upvotes can do that too, but to a lesser extent. Personally, I much prefer linear discussions with hidden favorites, like Metafilter. Maybe it's just the inevitable jealous response, but I felt the same way reading it. The deductive bit in the middle in particular — most people I know just aren't simple or predictable enough to guess their favorite music, car, or food. Decades have been spent trying to understand human behavior; how can one person have enough insight to definitively analyze someone's "limitations and patterns"? Not unless they're an order of magnitude smarter than the general population, which is exceptionally unlikely. Furthermore, it's kind of weird to talk about intelligence in terms of levels. I know plenty of people who are smarter than me in certain fields, but I don't think I've ever met someone who was objectively smarter than me in every way , to the point where I could separate us into different classes of intelligence. In my experience, the IQ model is flawed: intelligence is much more fluid, and exists on many more axes, than we give it credit for. There was a Reddit comment I read a while ago — I wish I could find it again! — where the author tried to describe what it would be like to have a Lex Luthor level of genius. You'd be able to effortlessly do anything you wanted. Ideas would immediately come together in your head. Even the most complex branches of science would be as easy as basic algebra. Everyone's problems would seem so simple and naive, but it would make it hard to relate to people. That's kinda what this comment read like to me. (Sorry if I'm wrong, bane.) Thanks for the reply! It's funny that you say it's more Groundhog Day than Sherlock Holmes when your soy milk example, to me, is pretty much as Holmesian as it gets. I've never intentionally tried the kind of deduction that you describe, but at least for me and my circle of friends, I can see it easily falling apart just a few steps in. Plenty of stores carry soy milk nowadays, not just vegetarian ones. I can't possibly hope to know all the restaurants where my friends live. Most of my friends who cook at home get by with dull knives and ancient cookware. And not only do I have no idea which stores sell kitchen supplies, but it's not always obvious whether someone does their shopping in person or on Amazon. This is especially the case for hobbies and activities I'm less familiar with, such as yoga. I suppose if I had meticulous knowledge of my area and practiced a lot, I could get my guesses above 50%. But it seems like something I'd have to put a lot of effort in, not a skill I would just acquire casually. Do you find that this comes easily to you? (I'm not saying that figuring things out about people is impossible, of course. It makes sense to divide up the probability space and increase your odds. Again with your coffee example, you could probably make a reasonable educated guess that the person is vegetarian, or even that they cook at home. But where they shop? Where they eat? There's so many choices these days, and people like trying new things. Even if I had a hunch, I certainly couldn't outright tell them with specificity about all their consumer habits, like you described with your coworker. The probability of me being right would just be way too low.) I appreciate you posting here, it's pretty interesting to read. I know we like to practice substance over style around here, but this app has both, and I can seriously see myself using it for real work just for the fun, immersive factor. Also, I just noticed that the demo slowly degrades the terminal until you register! "Apple sucks" and "use Android" aren't really productive responses to an article like this. Consider taking your quips to a site like Reddit. The "On Food and Cooking" of computer science, if you will? :) I bet trying some native development would help as well, especially inside a well-structured framework. I learned so much about architecture and design patterns when I was trying to figure out how to do iOS development a few years ago. I've always wondered, do subreddits with fewer posts get boosted on the front page and in multi-reddits, or are they simply drowned out by the bigger subreddits? I made a redirect from http://hackynews.crabdance.com , if anyone wants a more memorable URL. :) (Or make your own at https://freedns.afraid.org !) "But I am afraid that is not what people admire in him." Citation? Most of the Apple-centric bloggers I read admire Jobs for the company that he created, not for the way he got there. Perhaps you're mistaking admiration with fascination: a lot of famous people are ruthless, but it's rare for that ruthlessness to be directed towards something other than money or power. Jobs's life is full of unbelievable stories, and people talk about them because it's fun , not because they think they're a good example of how to run a business. First, don't be immature. Second, "that is not what people admire in him" is not an opinion. It's a statement of fact. Fortunately, the internet is effectively a giant paper trail, so whether or not that statement is true, finding evidence of people's opinions should be a no-brainer -- especially if you consider certain high-profile bloggers to be representative of the general zeitgeist. Here's one off the top of my head: http://daringfireball.net/linked/2012/08/07/marco-icloud-sec... Here's another: http://daringfireball.net/linked/2013/03/26/icloud-hamburger I know I've seen a number over the past few years, but searching the website is unfortunately difficult because Gruber is so prolific. Plenty of people around here admire Bill Gates for his charity work, despite the fact that he also has blood on his hands. At what point do a person's accomplishments supersede their sins? For some people, creating a company like Apple is enough. Personally, I try to avoid black-and-white assessments of people, even if I vehemently disagree with them. I used to be an all-out Windows guy, but I started reading Apple bloggers because they had some of the most insightful and intelligent commentary on the state of the computer industry, product design, and programming. If you choose to ignore them just because they might have praise for someone you hate, you're only hurting yourself. The media massively misrepresented that controversy. He was right to call people out on it, in my opinion. I take issue with your suggestion that Gruber was putting his admiration of Apple over people's lives. He's not a moustache-twirling villain. Quit yer passive-agressive downvoting and talk to me, you cowards. ;) Isn't it a bad idea to define private/protected properties in your implementation file? What if you want to subclass? In response to point #3, my counter-example is that when you list a method's arguments or return type, the parentheses include the star. In other words, the star does not "belong" to the variable in that particular case. -(NSData*) myMethod:(NSString*)string; It can really be argued both ways. We've hugged the type everywhere I worked. I've experimented with putting the category in a private, implementors-only header file and it seemed to work fine. But I'm not sure if that's canonical. This might be up your alley: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7254884 Every time the topic of American chocolate comes up, people talk about how disguisting it is compared to European chocolate. Have you tasted anything other than Hershey's? We have excellent chocolate, even at our biggest grocery stores! (Walgreens, for instance, stocks Ghirardelli and Godiva.) And if you want something even better, every big city is bound to have a handful of chocolatiers. Space detection is very exciting to me, but this feels like a technological stopgap. Is there any research being done into "blind" space detection, that doesn't require the use of cameras? Is that even possible? It would be amazing if I could have my phone in my pocket and (for example) adjust the rotation of a nearby camera based solely on my hand gestures. I humbly disagree, having tasted European chocolate. Godiva is pretty good, and certainly orders of magnitude better than Hershey's. Divine chocolate (Whole Foods) and Ritter Sport milk chocolate are even better. I mean, really, take your pick. There's so much variety . (EDIT: Though, in retrospect, I guess they aren't made here. But I still say that Ghirardelli and Godiva are pretty good, even if they're not the best chocolate I've ever had.) This demo is pretty amazing and will take me a while to digest. A few questions that I'm really interested in hearing the answer to: 1. Will the language work without an internet connection? 2. Will it be free to use? 3. What happens if/when Wolfram the company goes out of business, or Wolfram himself retires? 4. Are all the disparate APIs and sources that the language uses determined by fiat, or can they be customized? What happens if/when the APIs/sources stop working? 5. Given that the language can do things like query your Facebook graph, it seems like there's a lot of API upkeep that the language requires. Is this done by Wolfram? How does this work when I'm running locally (if this is even possible)? Curious: how is performance compared to the OSX port? All the Source games I've tried run horribly on OSX compared to Windows on the same machine. Strangely, they play just fine through a Parallels Windows VM running inside OSX, so it can't be the OSX graphics driver's fault. What's going on over there? Yes — but as I said, running the game in a Parallels Windows VM results in 2x better performance than running the same game natively. The same OSX graphics driver is used in both cases, except the VM has to do extra work! How does that make any sense? Not 100% sure, but I was under the impression that unlike Windows (?), OSX simply does not allow you to have direct hardware access. (Plus, if Parallels was accessing the hardware directly, how would you be able to run the VM in a window while still doing OSX stuff underneath?) Either way, there's clearly a way to make the game run significantly faster on OSX, but Valve isn't doing it for some reason. According to Wikipedia: "It also has a large amount of documentation, but it is not standardized. A partial standardization is planned, and an incomplete pre-release already exists." To C&P myself from the previous thread, this looks awesome but I have a few questions: 1. Does the language work without an internet connection? 2. Is it free to use? 3. What happens if/when Wolfram the company goes out of business, or Wolfram himself retires? 4. Are all the disparate APIs and sources that the language uses determined by fiat, or can they be customized? What happens if/when the APIs/sources stop working? 5. Given that the language can do things like query your Facebook graph, it seems like there's a lot of API upkeep that the language requires. Is this done by Wolfram? How does this work when I'm running locally (if this is even possible)? I was skeptical, but that first link speaks volumes. Interesting theory! You know, I'm usually very skeptical of web apps, but building a text editor in WebKit actually seems like a really good idea. Everything a browser should be good at — text display, scripting, styling — also applies to text editors. You don't really have to worry about complex UI, animation, or user input. You also get remote access almost for free. What other text-centric apps can be made better by a browser framework? Maybe the terminal? I... I do? I agree with you, but I don't think most of those things are really vital for a great text editor. For the most part, it's just a giant window with your text in it, maybe a sidebar or two. Most of the magic happens under the hood. That's why I think this is a good idea. Dunno about cross-platform app development, but Cocoa on OSX is pretty nice. QT isn't bad either, from what I've tried. "Every serious editor has solved displaying text and styling since ages ago..." Sure, but why reinvent the wheel? In this case, Github is leveraging a technology specifically optimized for text and styling. They don't have to maintain it, and they get a lot of cutting-edge optimizations for free. It also gives them the freedom to do some crazy things that would otherwise be very difficult — see Light Table. "...and those two points aren't even that important in programming languages." I disagree. Efficient text display and presentation in a text editor are very important, at least for me. Not that scripting is any less important, but it looks like Github has that front covered as well. (Then again, I've never been a heavy vim or emacs user. I guess I'm what you might call a "filthy casual".) "One thing that is incredibly important for text editors is speed: something web engines are notoriously bad at." I was under the impression that web engines are really good at text when there's not a lot of other crazy nonsense going on. Guess we'll see! "So why is every text editor I have ever seen embedded in a website an abomination?" My guess is going (partially) native and using Node.js will make the experience a whole lot better. As interesting as these smoothing algorithms are, they can't add any information to the sprites that wasn't already there. Why make everything look smooth and plasticky when the original game was carefully hand-drawn, pixel by pixel? A good way to learn all five is to write a full-stack web app. Your MVC framework will teach you OO-design and you can use Rails on the backend. I'd recommend Ember.js over Angular.js for its more traditional approach to MVC (read: Cocoa-esque), but I'm admittedly not an expert in either. Here's what I'm currently trying out: Pinboard for links, including articles I might want to read later. I have archiving on so that I don't lose any useful references. (This is by far my biggest store, and I'm still working out my tagging taxonomy.) Evernote for notes relating to projects in progress, including any notes I'm taking while learning a new technology. (Project-related to-read links usually go here, not Pinboard.) nvALT (Notational Velocity fork) through the Simplenote API for more permanent notes: lists of things, useful command line tricks, music to check out, etc. (Google Docs used to be my place for this, but nvALT is WAY easier to use.) Wunderlist for specific to-dos related to my current projects. That sounds amazing! How much can you get a sailboat for these days? Did you have to train to use it? This kinda feels a little piracy-ish. Github clearly wants to limit beta access for now. (...with that said, I couldn't help myself.) That's pretty cheap, but the question is, what can you offer that something like https://freedns.afraid.org doesn't? (One other point in their favor is that they're included by default in the DNS service listing for my router and NAS. Not even sure you could add custom ones.) Personally, I appreciate that each mobile platform has its own look and feel, design cues, etc. It's what makes using iOS and OSX so nice, at least for me. (But this applies more to offline apps, since web-centric apps like Facebook will look similar on every platform. And I agree that apps for every website is a crappy way to go forward.) Do you seriously think we'll have widespread self-driving cars — and not just the bare bones technology, but ones that we can ride in without any control at all, even while intoxicated — within a timespan short enough for every other advancement in car technology to not matter? I am almost 100% certain that we won't see that kind of thing even within the next few decades, if ever. Self-driving cars have way too many hurdles to overcome before they reach that point. I mean, Europe hasn't even moved over to automatic transmission yet. Saying that Apple is good at "gaining widespread adoption" is kind of like saying that J. K. Rowling is good at "being read". Don't you need to pay a ton to actually get your data out of glacier? For me, the far more likely case would be 500GB, kept for a year. Even with 1000 hours (more than a month!!) for a restore, I'd still have to pay $125. CrashPlan lets me do this for free, and allows me arbitrary access to my backed up data to boot. It just seems like a better deal, unless you're really worried about data corruption in the cloud. Still, it means your monthly price isn't actually what it seems. With 72 hour retrieval, you'll be paying about $14 a month, compared to CrashPlan's $5. And what if you need the data earlier? If you have bad luck and your hard drive crashes a month after you make your backup, you'll end up paying about $100 a month, at least for that month. CrashPlan's flat rate means you don't have to stress out about the fine print. Even at 5 years it still averages out to about $7 a month. CrashPlan is significantly cheaper, unless you want to bet against ever needing the backup. (Which may be sensible, I admit.) Wait, can you style text in Emacs? Fonts? Colors? Bold, underline, italics? Isn't that the whole point of a word processor? It's not really "in progress" for the moment since I've essentially solved the problem for myself, but I examined several different techniques to enable real-time transliteration in OSX (in the vein of http://www.translit.ru — "chego" turns into "чего" as you type) and implemented most of them to varying degrees of completeness. I'm now happily using technique #1 (input method binary) in my everyday life and it's so, so much better than the default or phonetic Russian keyboards. Eventually, when I have some free time, I want to generate pre-compiled binaries, do some refactoring, create a pretty home page, fix the documentation, and add some extra features. But if you'd like to use it now, you can pull the code and compile to your heart's content. You can even change the transliteration input/output map to anything you want — the format is simple JSON! https://github.com/archagon/cyrillic-transliterator In a thread not too long ago, I asked why CS:GO might have such terrible performance in OSX, and olegoandreev hypothesized that it might have to do with poorly compiled shaders. Maybe with enough eyes on the code, this can finally be fixed? We already know that the OSX port of the Source engine can have close-to-Windows performance based on benchmarks done in Parallels, and yet it's still shamefully only half as performant. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7303753 Here's the FAQ: http://www.thelongestway.com/frequently-asked-questions I'm only talking the talk since I'm currently hosted on Wordpress, but I'm starting to think that a static site generator is the best option. Why? Because, a) programming blogs are a bit like academic papers in that they depend on careful markup, and b) they work a lot better when they're minimalistic, with a strong emphasis on the code. With a static site generator, the definitive version of each article can be a simple, easy-to-edit Markdown file; you don't have to reason about HTML/PHP/SQL unless you really want to. The content is perfectly decoupled from the presentation, and you can edit your articles in your favorite text editor to boot. I kind of like the Magic Mouse. It basically gives me a built-in trackball and inertial scrolling, something I've wanted in a mouse for many years. It's too bad the ergonomics really suck, and that not having a dedicated right mouse button makes it completely unusable in some cases. (Games?) Nthed. It's not great for all use cases, and it feels a bit slow when you switch to it, but after a few minutes you'll be going almost as fast as with a normal mouse, but with much better ergonomics and with full access to gestures and inertial scrolling. I really like the idea of those Logitech mice, but having briefly used one, I find that the flywheel mechanism really compromises the middle click. The Magic Mouse also has the advantage of being able to scroll in any direction, which is far more useful than you might think. Finally, it's just nice to have a device that has a minimum of mechanical parts; I feel a lot more confident dropping my Magic Mouse on the floor, since there's not a lot in there that can break. Do you have a Windows license lying around? Bootcamp might be worth it: I almost get 2x performance in Windows compared to OSX! How is it "brittle" and "error-prone"? You create your model object and KVO observe its properties from the controller. How much simpler and more decoupled could you get? If you're using MVC correctly, it seems to me that the pieces just naturally fall into place. You also get the benefit of being able to change your model from elsewhere in your program, or even swap it out completely, and have it automatically reflect in your view. (On the other hand, if your app is not model-based, I can see how it could get unwieldily.) I've heard that before, but oddly enough, performance in a Parallels VM is often close to native Windows for me, despite ultimately going through those same OSX drivers. Someone on HN hypothesized that this might be due to Parallels' shader optimization. You can actually download the ISO from a Microsoft CDN, but I don't have a link on me right now. That's what I meant: I'm pretty sure digitalriver.com is Microsoft's own CDN, used for App Store and MSDN downloads. You can even verify the hashes on an actual Microsoft subsite — possibly here? http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/subscriptions/downloads/ Ooooh, they have Ewan Dobson: https://www.soundslice.com/pitch-perfect/ewan-dobson-tabs/ Also, this looks like a pretty kick-ass sheet music engine. I've never thought about it before, but using HTML and CSS for responsive and stylable sheet music seems like an excellent fit. If only this tech was open source! Miguel Cepero of the Procedural World blog said something similar: that with the increasing complexity of AAA games, the only way forward is to procedurally generate much of the content. He talks the talk, too: the engine that he's currently building can algorithmically create varied terrain and architecture while still allowing you to manipulate the game world like in Minecraft. http://procworld.blogspot.com Personally, I don't necessarily agree. I've had way more fun with simple-looking games over the past few years (Super Mario Galaxy, all the crazy indie platformers, Minecraft, Counter-Strike, etc.) than with any AAA games. I think the way forward for the medium is to focus more on tight and innovative game design rather than shiny graphics and enormous (but ultimately empty) spaces. No procedurally generated world will ever contain the intelligence of a single cleverly-designed level. On the other hand, I've also had a lot of fun with roguelikes, and I really look forward to the innovations in procedural generation over the next few years. Like the folks over at Reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/britishproblems/comments/1jvgn6/i_sa... Can it autoplay? According to others in this thread, the answer is no, and that's pretty much the whole point of a GIF. It seems there are a couple of countries with the same problem in their leadership. How the F do these people get into power? That's what I've always heard too, but it seems that the tide is turning: http://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/2014/03/20/opengl-gdc2014/ (I can't answer for the technical details, though. It reeds like hieroglyphics to me.) Pick a platform, port later if needed. It's what most indie app developers do. Yikes. "Fuck you, Palmer." What the fuck? Folks, this is why creators on the internet have public meltdowns and abandon their communities and/or projects. (See: Phil Fish, TotalBiscuit, and many others.) Simply despicable how these so-called "fans", who have no idea how to run a multi-million-dollar business, can turn on a dime and start slinging vitriol at the person they claimed to idolize just a day earlier. How about, you know, giving the fucking guy the benefit of the doubt? You know, just for a bit, instead of tearing his fucking throat out? The older I grow, the more I feel that people need "internet cards" that can be forcibly revoked until they at least develop a base amount of empathy. In his own words: http://www.reddit.com/r/Cynicalbrit/comments/1xrx27/in_light... boogie2988's response is worth watching: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvSXgBmu2Pc Nerd³ weighs in with his own experiences: http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/1xs45h/realtotalbisc... 1. We don't know anything about the acquisition. We don't know why it happened. We don't know the terms. Nothing is clear yet. 2. People have a right to be angry, but what kind of hubris and egotism must a person have to tell Palmer Luckey to go fuck himself and to call him scum, right to his face? Do people really think this man went from passionate inventor to greedy businessman overnight? I think the top comment in this thread as well as Notch's response demonstrate the healthy adult way to respond to this news. Personal attacks are the lowest of the low, and yet sadly they're the norm on the internet. I've had 3 adaptors break over the past few years due to fraying near the computer-side plug. For some reason, they seem to be much more susceptible to damage by twisting than all my other cables. Perhaps it has something to do with the plastic material and frequent coiling. Really a shame, since I love everything else about my Macbook. Wait, aren't data plans equally expensive all across the board? I don't think I've ever seen an Android user in the US with no data plan. They'll probably let you do it if it's unlocked, but I don't think most people buy unlocked phones. Yes, definitely! I think the feel of the HL1 engine is a large part of what made games like CS, DoD, TFC, Firearms, Action Half-Life, The Specialists, etc. so fun and popular. Even HL1 DM compared favorably to UT and Quake at times. Stock sound effects from HL1 still sometimes appear in Source games, and whenever I hear one, I'm instantly taken back to dodging rockets, gauss shots, and bullets while leaping towards the doomsday button in crossfire. I still miss that thriving multiplayer scene. Yikes, the Facebook comments on that article are toxic. People sure do get uppity when someone says something negative about their Favorite Thing. Just want to say thanks to the author for writing the article. As an iOS dev eyeing other mobile platforms, it's nice to get an insider's view on Android development, whether good or bad. I don't know about that. 2 years ago, when I was first trying my hand at iOS development, I found it remarkably easy to get things working. The documentation, to my eyes, was simply excellent. I still find that to be the case. Plus, who doesn't want a subdomain at crabdance.com? Actually, I've been wondering lately, just how common are router compromises? I ask because I have a Synology unit that was infected with some pretty insidious malware just by being out on the open internet and having a slightly out-of-date OS version. Since it's now easily possible to scan the entire IPv4 address space, it makes me wonder if having out-of-date firmware would basically guarantee a hacked router these days. "Take a look at the Settings in ios7. It's nothing but a list of identical looking settings that go on for pages. Everything is nothing but text and thin lines." Err, it's pretty much always been like this. Sounds a lot like Ember. I've been a Windows user for about two decades, and I've never heard anyone complain about software being Windows-exclusive — it was just the norm. But now that the Mac's become a little more popular, I see lots of tech-savvy people suddenly getting offended whenever a cool new piece of software comes out for OSX first. It's really annoying. One anti-pattern I particularly hate is sarcasm. For some reason, people in many online communities seem to think that they can't do without it — even that it somehow defines their personalities. But whenever somebody posts something even remotely against the grain, and the top-voted reply is in the vein of "Yeah, because that's a real problem", there's just nothing more I can do in that thread. It's a conversational dead-end. There are a few problems with this. First, sarcasm is often used in an "amirite, guys?" kind of way, as a means of reinforcing the status quo in a community and shutting down dissent. For example, you'll see this in pretty much any thread on r/games that discusses sexism or violence in the videogame industry. Secondly, I've found that when an argument seems stupid to me, there's a good chance that I'm missing something. Whether we realize it or not, we all live in very insular bubbles, and often we lack the context and/or empathy to fully understand an issue from the other side. Third, you don't change hearts and minds by being an asshole. It's, like, chapter two of "How to Win Friends and Influence People". Sarcasm is kind of, well, masturbatory in that sense. I just wish his molecular gastronomy tome wasn't so awesome, so that I didn't have so much cognitive dissonance about the guy. That sucks (but it's also a little funny, I have to admit). Here's an idea: instead of excluding Apple from the license altogether, why not insert a clause to specifically prohibit putting any of the class methods on Apple's non-public selector list? Right, but that would mean that mogenator could change the names of the class methods (or add additional ones) without having to worry that Apple would adopt them in a later update and thus render the whole exercise moot. A DOM aggregator/filter browser plugin. Let's say I'm looking for a room on AirBNB. The filter they have on their website isn't specific enough: if I want to find a room that's $32 or less and that has at least 20 reviews, I have to use my eyeballs to filter all the 20"), and puts all the results in a single window, probably using CSS copied from the original page. All I'd have to do in the AirBNB case is plug in the classes and comparators listed above and quickly cycle through each page of the listings with "gather mode" turned on. I'd then have all my preferred results in one place. Perhaps the plugin could even allow you to identify your classes by simply pointing and clicking on the desired nodes, much like the inspector in developer tools! Ultimately, with this idea as the basis, I think you could make a great Automator-style tool that streamlines your research. Is there some information that's missing in the search results? Make it follow the links and filter the full listing descriptions! Looking for listings with specific kinds of owners? Do some keyword matching on each profile! Want a map of all your filtered locations? Gather the GPS data and display it in a beautiful native map interface! (Maybe you could even interface with external services like Wolfram or Yelp: crime statistics, nearby restaurant reviews, Amazon ratings?) Kind of like a web scraper, but with a very user-friendly UI specifically tailored for filtering and aggregating search results. You wouldn't have to keep 100 tabs open anymore when you're doing research: everything would be saved and synced in a handy Evernote-like interface. I've run into this problem frequently enough with comparison shopping that I think there's value in this idea. I'm not really all that inclined to make it unless I can make some money, but I made a little Javascript rough draft script that can filter a webpage's DOM if you manually enter all the classes and comparators and copy/paste it into the dev console. A lot more work than the browser plugin I described, but still very useful for my purposes. https://gist.github.com/archagon/10233251 Plus, the devs are awesome and have fantastic release notes. :) That looks really promising! I will have to look into that. The previous discussion on HN[1] has a few more interesting leads. A lot of people there are advocating writing their own scraper, but the point of this sort of idea is to allow you to get going in just a few seconds, without ever having to poke around in the dev tools, debug custom scripts, or even look at the HTML source. If you're going to be doing research for an hour, spending half an hour on writing your own scraper just feels like a waste. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7582858 On the other hand, I feel that tools like Unity are successful precisely because they let you tinker with your game in a WYSIWYG kind of way. It's really liberating to be able to work inside such a tight feedback loop, and it's a little weird to see a modern game engine distancing itself from that approach. (But maybe I'm missing something. What exactly is the role of the Unreal Editor in UE4? Is it mostly for things like graphics and sound?) EDIT: OK, so apparently UE4 has something called Blueprints. I'm still not exactly sure what they are, but people in the thread are saying that they're superior to C# in Unity, and that they can even allow you to make a game without knowing how to program. So why is Tim Sweeney saying that C++ is replacing UnrealScript for gameplay code? I think Unity also caters to indie developers with new game ideas, as well as to rapid prototypers. (The two often overlap.) Would we have gotten games as cool and varied as Receiver[1], Broforce[2] and Hearthstone with UE? I kinda doubt it. [1] http://store.steampowered.com/app/234190/ [2] http://store.steampowered.com/app/274190/ Nobody's opinions should be discarded based on their behavior. Otherwise, we'd have a scant few scientists, artists, and thinkers in history actually worth discussing. (Also, people who link to him are complicit ? Are you serious?) Glad to hear they're continuing to work on the 2D editor and 2D physics. Unless I'm missing something, getting 2D platformer floor and wall collisions working properly is still a pain right now. (Sudden, discrete changes in velocity + physics colliders + tiles = wonky behavior.) Why are there no AeroPress clones on the market? Whenever a game becomes even remotely popular on iOS, imitators spring up almost immediately. The AeroPress seems like a fitting analogue in the real world: easy to use, easy to manufacture, and raved about by tens of thousands of coffee nerds. So where are the competitors? Why isn't this a category yet like the French press? Patents? Alas, I have resorted to using VLC, which really isn't that bad. What's more, I believe he actually didn't know how to program when he got started. EDIT: Why did someone downvote me? I read it in an interview, and it goes to show how awesome this guy is! Check out this postmortem: http://www.gamasutra.com/view/feature/180520/postmortem_humb... "Late in 2008 I read an article in OXM detailing what was possible with a new programming language, cryptically called XNA. I had never programmed before, and besides a short contract doing cutscenes for Jazz Jackrabbit 2, had never worked on a video game (I'm actually an animator/illustrator by trade). ... A week of rudimentary tutorials later, I quickly realized you have to make EVERYTHING from scratch! No level editor existed. No animation tool. No scripting or dialogue systems. No nothing -- just a bunch of otherworldly programming words. But that's what made it exciting: learning a new language (literally), slowly making my artwork interactive, and more importantly, growing my aspirations beyond the original 8-bit design." A truly inspiring story! I thought Atom.io might be my new favorite editor... until I needed to open a multi-GB XML file. Sublime handled it without a sweat, and even started loading a different 38GB (!!) XML file concurrently with no issues. (I didn't wait for it to finish loading, however.) Atom.io, on the other hand, balked at a mere 2MB. I've heard that even vim isn't so good at enormous files, so kudos to Sublime for that! StackOverflow data dump. Thought I'd peek inside... It slightly concerns me that "the community" is going to have a direct say in UT4's development. First, many developers and pundits have said that whenever a community starts to dictate the course of a game, things often go south, since the most vocal members of a community very often don't represent the majority of the playerbase. (I believe TotalBiscuit has pointed to WoW as a great example of this, though I haven't played it myself.) Secondly, I love UT and I've been playing it from the start, but I'm not a hardcore arena shooter player. Advanced techniques like bunny-hopping, strafe-running, and all the crazy stunts described in this thread simply don't interest me. As far as I'm concerned, many of them are glorified bugs and should either be removed entirely, or alternatively made more accessible for new players through tutorials and/or better in-game feedback. (See: skiing in the new Tribes, rocket jumping in TF2, combos in fighting games.) But I reckon that most of the people interested in the project at this early stage are exactly those kinds of advanced players. As a result, I fear that we'll get a game that's too obtuse for the "filthy casuals" (such as myself) who will be required to keep it active in the long run. Contrary to the current zeitgeist, I don't believe it's enough to balance a game around the competitive community in order to make it fun for everyone. Competitive gamers are a niche; people like me, who play for fun with a few friends over a couple of beers, are the mass market. With that said, I'm really happy to see that there's going to be a UT4, and I'm looking forward to following the development. It's been a while since the last great arena shooter, and I hope we'll be seeing a resurgence sometime soon! Great list! Includes all the old favorites with clear explanations. This is only tangentially related, but I recently wrote a little Automator Service to gather any selected file and folder paths from Finder. I very often need to grab the path of something for programming-related stuff, and doing it from the command line or with the mini-icon drag-and-drop takes way too long. Maybe somebody here will find it useful! http://cl.ly/1a3s3g1u2Q2w It's nice to alias them to something shorter. Mine are set to "pd" and "qd". My understanding is that macports is a lot more finicky and hacky, especially when it comes to built-in dependencies. homebrew is specifically designed to avoid such problems. Aaaaand I just learned about Cmd-E and Cmd-J. Love all the little useful shortcuts OSX has. :) OSX doesn't have a lot of shortcuts for working with the GUI like Windows does. On the other hand, OSX has some fantastic and consistent shortcuts for actually working with data. (For example, Cmd-G, Cmd-Shift-G, Cmd-E, and Cmd-J for text search.) OSX is also incredibly powerful in that it allows you to assign shortcuts to Services, which in turn can be created using simple Automator workflows. This opens up so many possibilities system-wide. Finally, and most importantly, OSX adheres to the same sort of natural language philosophy that we're so used to with Google: if I want to find a specific menu action, why would I navigate the menu graphically when I can just type in the name? Cmd-Space and Cmd-? are the shortcuts I miss most of all whenever I switch back to Windows. Whoa, that has tab completion? I never knew! I used to be really frustrated by the inconsistent + button, but recently I realized something interesting: especially for text-heavy applications such as browsers, you often don't want to maximize them to the full width of the screen. This is because the optimal reading width is actually relatively narrow compared to our widescreen monitors, and going past that makes documents frustrating to read. As a result, whenever I hit + and the application expands to the full width of the screen, I very often have to grab an edge and drag it back to the center a little bit. There's definitely some things Apple got right with the design. Additionally, I think the need for maximization and edge-snapping in Windows is something that OSX handles very elegantly with Spaces. Fn + arrow keys = PgUp, PgDown, Home, End. Yep! I was gobsmacked when I found out. Unfortunately, it's a little bit inconsistent at times, especially when moving files between different media. I think the one I use most of all is "New Terminal At Folder", since it means I don't have to type in my current Finder directory in cd. Here's another example. I recently wrote an Automator Service to copy selected file/folder paths to my clipboard. Super useful for programming and it only took me half an hour without knowing any AppleScript. http://cl.ly/1a3s3g1u2Q2w By the way, the contents of the Services menu changes depending on the type of data you've selected. If you want to see a full list, go to System Preferences — Keyboard — Shortcuts — Services. Lots of stuff to choose from! I disagree completely. When you have threaded comments, what happens is that people post their (often reactionary) opinions in response to OP, and then other people respond in kind to those opinions. On occasion you get a witty quip or a good story, but there's just no meaningful flow of conversation. It's soapbox vs. soapbox. On the other hand, non-threaded discussions, while more difficult to follow, read like actual, real-life conversations. You have a chance of having a pleasant discussion (or even changing someone's mind!) on those sites. I post on HN or Reddit when I feel like adding a point of data to a debate. I post on MeFi when I want to talk to my peers. (Admittedly, even sites like MeFi can't compare to talking with people in real life. There's something to be said for taking control of someone's locus of attention while you're talking, which you simply can't do when you have to talk in discrete, comment-sized chunks.) Especially in some of the more heated discussions, it's very common to see a jessamyn comment like "Removed a few comments. This is a sensitive topic. Please take it to MetaTalk if you need to." In my opinion, this is one of the major reasons why MeFi is such a pleasant community compared to something like Reddit. Because the mods don't let discussions spiral out into people yelling at each other, and because drama can be dealt with on a separate subsite, it truly feels like a community of mature adults. (For the most part.) Whoa! I totally didn't know about this subsite. This is great. Same here. Great read, very well explained. I wonder what the battery life and graphics performance are like? If they're decent (6+ hours of moderate use, plays CS:GO at 60fps), this will be a really great machine. The latest i7s tend to have pretty good integrated graphics, so I think at least that won't be an issue. Outside of vitriolic tech sites, I know of no one in the real world who associates Apple products with herd mentality or even anything particularly negative. They're just computers. People really don't care that much. Ah, that's too bad. I was hoping for Iris graphics. (CS:GO at 60 might still be doable, though.) Frankly, I've yet to see a truly stunning game pass me by, either in the indie space or on the App Store (where this problem has existed for a little while now). Market saturation causes mediocre games to become buried. The obvious solution is to not make mediocre games. I'm still convinced the cream will rise to the top. You're right, I obviously can't prove it, but here's one sample point. I subscribe to an RSS feed of iOS apps that have recently become free. Many of these are unsuccessful games that are trying to attract some attention. Some of them are interesting — maybe even good — but I don't think I've ever seen any as beautiful and polished as, say, Monument Valley or Dextris (just to name two of the current iOS darlings). On the other hand, occasionally I spot a game in the App Store new releases that looks really cool. If it captures my attention, chances are it'll soon get mentioned on TouchArcade or on Twitter. For anyone into CAVE-like games, please give Danmaku Unlimited 2 a try. One of the best shmups on the platform, beautiful, made by one dude. Like HN, I feel that MeFi keeps things simple because it doesn't want its community to grow linearly. Which is great, because the bigger a community gets, the less friendly and manageable it becomes. I think the problem is the threaded/upvote system. When higher voted comments get boosted to the top, then — how should I put this? — there are certain categories of comments that will inevitably appear simply based on past karma. Take Reddit, for example. If somebody mentions something "random", SOMEBODY will post that "penguin of doom" story. Even if the first 20 people decide to refrain, it's gonna happen eventually on account of the upvotes that people know will be given. I don't participate in that stuff, but whenever I see a gap like that, it's very tempting just to "get it over with" and reap some upvotes. Similarly, even if 20 people on HN decide to not post a negative hole-poking-in-argument comment, that vacuum will have to eventually be filled by someone. It's like some sort of perverse, community-driven Markov chain. In my experience, there's less of this on MetaFilter, where it's simply a flat discussion. > I would be very depressed on projects, make slow progress, at times get into a mode where I was much of the time pretending progress simply because I could not bring myself to do the work. I just didn't have the spirit to do it. (I know many people here know what I am talking about.) Over time I got depressed about this: Do I have a terrible work ethic? Am I really just a bad programmer? A bad person? I never thought about it that way, but this resonates with me. I recently ended a job at a pretty big company and I often felt like you describe. At the time, I kinda shrugged it off as normal; after all, weren't office jobs supposed to be soul-crushing? Plus, maybe I wasn't that good anyway. Maybe my team leads were right. Maybe this was just my role in the corporate ladder. I joked with my friends about how I was just mooching off the company, how a dog could do my work, but it felt kinda shitty and it was hard to care in that environment. The difference between that and the passion project I'm working on now is striking. It doesn't feel like work. I can stay up coding until 4, 5, 6 in the morning if I really want to see the fruits of my labor. (And I often do.) I actually look forward to pulling out my laptop. I have enough good ideas to keep me busy for the next few years. And most importantly, I'm finally getting to the point where I can prove myself creatively. (On the other hand, it was one year of great money for not too much spiritual trauma, and now I can travel the world and work on the good stuff for a couple of years without worry. So for me, definitely worth it.) On a meta note: it seems that design-related posts on HN tend to be pretty controversial. Has there ever been a redesign posted here that garnered universal praise? Personally, I really love swiping from the edge of the screen to open the hamburger menu. It's one of my favorite recent UI trends on iOS, and it's never lead to any confusion for me. > There's no (close to) zero-risk investment at the moment that yields 6%. Aside from FDIC-insured savings accounts, nothing has close to zero risk. On the other hand, something like Vanguard's VTSAX is fairly safe and is currently doing about 20% YTD: https://personal.vanguard.com/us/funds/snapshot?FundId=0585&... If we have another financial crisis things are going to suck, but other than that, since this fund tracks the entire stock market, it's pretty stable by design. Mix in some bonds and you should be in good shape. (Note: I am merely repeating advice I've run into on financial advice forums.) With FDIC-insured savings accounts, the best you can do is around 1%, which doesn't even beat inflation. I've heard of some people successfully getting into passively buying and renting property. How easy is this to do in reality? By my calculations, it's pretty difficult to break even on mortgage when you're starting out, and that's if you decide to play landlord — which may very well end up being a full-time job! And if you want to live somewhere else, you have to hire somebody to do the landlordy stuff for you, which is even more money down the drain. How do people do it? I dunno, those toasts look pretty big. Compare to something like ice cream or latte, which retails for about the same price. (Or maybe a little less.) Kinda puts into perspective how it's just a bunch of tall, snowy rocks. The Wayback Machine is so essential to the nature of the internet that I wish it could be made into some sort of automatic, decentralized service that's part of the web itself. Imagine how much linked knowledge would permanently, irreparably disappear if this one company went out of business! Apple people like to mock Aero's translucency, but I... always liked it. Anyone else? Anyone? Man, I sure hope Apple's next FS keeps both of those features. I think most ordinary users find them very valuable. Cocos2d lets you use shaders in your 2D games. You can also access the full power of OpenGL if you need it. Did you link to an upvote? What does that do? I wonder if the same thing could be done with a Leap Motion controller? Seems to be a more versatile solution. As a guest, I feel way more safe using Airbnb when I'm renting an extra room in the host's home. Even better if there are strict-sounding house rules. It makes me feel like I'm sharing a living space with a real person rather than helping somebody play landlord with their rental-only flat. And judging by the article, it's better for the hosts as well. I've been living like this with different people for the past month or so. It's been about the same price as a hostel and so much more comfortable and interesting! It would be a shame if lack of trust brought prices up and made this way of life no longer viable. Is it just me, or does this guy sound a little like James Mickens, the hilarious Microsoft blogger? http://blogs.msdn.com/b/oldnewthing/archive/2013/12/24/10484... "it takes a lot of work to do minor update to large site" — could you elaborate? I'm not the OP but I've been considering switching to Jekyll for my blog, so I'd like to know the downsides. 30 years?! Good luck with that. Manual cars will be around for a long, long time. Exactly. Ember is directly inspired by Cocoa, and Cocoa has been using stateful MVC with incredible success for the past decade. This what I really like about "modernist cuisine", and why I think it's silly that some people consider it the future of cooking. It's really fun and delightful to very occasionally enjoy food as prepared by a mad scientist, you know? If I'm shelling out $200 for a meal, I'd rather experience it as this sort of ephemeral performance art rather than yet another perfect, but ultimately unmemorable, traditional dish. But aside from the occasional technique or two (sous vide), nobody's gonna be doing this sort of stuff at home. I think Lightroom is one of the few Adobe products you can buy without a subscription, unless they changed that recently. Not to mention one of the most commonly used features: adjustment sliders that have intuitive results, but not necessarily intuitive mappings. (Highlights, Shadows, Clarity, etc.) How would you say this compares to a "virtual calling card" service like KeepCalling.com? (Dial a local KC number, enter your pin, and then dial your desired phone number in the US or wherever.) It's, ehh, OK, but not that much worse than normal cell service. I also think there's a bit of delay, at least sometimes. Prices are great, though. YES! First thing I thought of, especially after seeing the wizard dude in panel 12. I am very much reminded of the level in Golbins Quest 3 where Blount is eaten by the wolf and has to put the three lights into the bowl to escape death. That game is an underrated a classic, in my opinion. I love how this comic conveys the old adventure game feel of discovery and exploration. I like that this old school comic is put together with old school technology. The time-slicing in particular is very clever. I've never seen anything like it before. (For example, when the knight moves at same rate, while protagonist wiggles faster and faster. Or when you click forward three turns and nothing happens to indicate the protagonist being stuck. The animations frequently represent the state of the world during each step rather than showing the literal passage of time, except for when doors open and stuff.) For sure. It's like your own personal archive.org. I've been using it for my latest project. Haven't done anything too fancy with it yet. Lack of automatic type conversion between ints and floats is driving me up the wall a little bit, but maybe that's a personal flaw rather than a flaw with the language. String manipulation is also incredibly confusing to me: I have yet to figure out how to get the number of characters in a string, or how to generate a random character. Other than that, it feels pretty nice to use. EDIT: also how to get character n in a string. Yeah, I understand why they did it, but the fact of the matter is that I'm using ASCII 99% of the time. Right, but it's a problem when you're mostly dealing with ASCII identifiers and so forth. Looks like a great article, thanks! A typographer typically works within a small set of languages. It would be unfeasible for a single type foundry to cover every possible glyph with the same consistency. I'm currently building an imitation of Apple's keyboard in Swift ( https://github.com/archagon/tasty-imitation-keyboard ). Learning process has been pretty easy so far: a few hours with the documentation and the rest picked up along the way. Playground was great for getting up to speed. It's pretty fun to be on the vanguard of a new, evolving language and have it actually be capable of production use. Also very frustrating: there are a number of design decisions that drive me crazy (lack of auto casting between CGFloat/Float/Double/Int... usually ), and the latest Xcode and compiler betas have a bunch of bizarre non-deterministic bugs, performance issues, and error messages that have nothing to do with my code and require workarounds. I'm a little too lazy to file Radar bugs for them — Apple is not paying me to write bug reports, and they'll surely get discovered by others — but I'm really looking forward to writing a brief postmortem when I'm done. (PS the code is super messy right now. I'm in the "hack away" phase, cleanup will come later.) Use the Playground feature and start tinkering with a simple UI thing. It's really, really good for learning since the results show up immediately and you don't have to compile anything. These are bugs that will be found, unlike most other Apple bugs. Also, I'm busy and bug reports take forever to write and reproduce, especially for the kinds of eisenbugs that I'm seeing. Why so judgey, friend? If they're not fixed in a few betas, I might file them. What makes Jekyll (and other static blogging engines) so great is that they give you far more flexibility than CMSes in certain areas. Just the other day, to see if I could do it, I wrote a Jekyll plugin to parse LilyPond music notation inside a custom Liquid tag[1]. After a day or two of research and fiddling — including learning basic Ruby — I can now have beautiful sheet music in my blog posts without any actual binary dependencies server-side. (In other words, the generated site is unencumbered by my build pipeline, and I don't have to worry about maintaining LilyPond/Inkscape on my server.) If I want to change the output in the future — PNG, SVG, even HTML/CSS — I don't have to touch my original Markdown content at all; it's just another render pass. And the best part is, Github will host the HTML files for free, regardless of whether Jekyll is actually running server-side or not. All your site updates are just a git push away. The idea that your Markdown articles are definitive, that you can add custom grammar, and that your blog is strictly a view into your writing rather than a separate content platform, should be very appealing to programmers! [1]: http://a-jekyll-blog.archagon.net/programming/2014/06/23/sec... I've often thought about doing this. But I always end up coming back to the question: do I want to spend a month (or more) writing a blogging engine, or do I instead want to focus on my actual writing? And what will a custom engine actually give me, aside from sleepless nights and headaches? Jekyll is a great answer in this regard. You don't have to reinvent the wheel (pagination, RSS, categories, dates, etc.), but you can still customize it with great ease. (Kind of like the Backbone.js of blogging engines, I guess.) Woke up, fell out of bed Dragged a comb across my head Found my way downstairs and drank a cup And looking up I noticed I was late Found my coat and grabbed my hat Made the bus in seconds flat Found my way upstairs and had a smoke And somebody spoke and I went into a dream Phone tethering makes it really easy; I'm having a lot of fun spending my afternoons coding in the park. Otherwise, if you're away from any connectivity and you're working on something local, I highly recommend the Stack Exchange data dump[1] along with Samuel Lai's excellent Stackdump[2]. I worked without internet for 2 weeks using this setup (+ offline documentation) with great success. (Warning: Stackdump copies the SE XML data into a local database, which currently takes 7 hours on my Haswell i7 and requires extra disk space. Prepare ahead of time!) [1]: https://archive.org/details/stackexchange [2]: http://stackapps.com/questions/3610/stackdump-an-offline-bro... I think it lends a sense of humility to the writing. I kind of had the opposite reaction. ("Paris syndrome syndrome"?) I kept hearing from tourists that Paris was a shitty town, Parisians are rude, nobody in France likes Paris, etc. But after spending a few weeks there, I really grew to love the place. The parks were lovely, the food was great and inexpensive (if you went to the markets and bakeries instead of always going out), the weather was fantastic, and it was a perfect walking city. Nobody was ever rude to me, though perhaps it's because I always approached people with my broken French before requesting to switch to English (if needed). On the other hand, I expected to love London and Barcelona, but they fell flat for me. I guess this is a divisive topic, but I agree completely. Every time I visited one of these cities in Europe, it Felt Right in a way living in the US never did. "Human scale" is a great way to put it, and I think it's actually a two-way street (so to speak). I feel much more content being a living cell in an ancient, twisted, organic city rather than a replaceable tenant in some downtown highrise or suburban townhouse. You can see it in the decor: the narrow streets of traditional cities take on the attributes of their owners, whereas you'd be lucky to see an occasional window poster in a big US city. In addition to the traits mentioned in the article, there's one other feature that my ideal traditional city would have: proximity to nature. I want my home to be close to water, to have hills in view, to be littered with trees and greenery. This necessarily limits the size of the city, but I'm OK with that. Smaller cities have the additional advantage of having a tighter community and having better access to things like street markets, which are notoriously absent in the US. Tangentially, I really enjoy artistic representations of what happens when the two styles mix: http://www.agraart.pl/pics/dziela/091_yerka.jpg . See also Imperial Boy. Well, I didn't go to restaurants much, so it may not qualify as "French cuisine" in your eyes. But you could get a world-class baguette[1] in almost any part of town for about a Euro, same with croissants, and produce at the markets for... well, basically a negligible amount of money. I remember getting a small bag of delicious donut peaches for about €1/kilo. The same peaches were €4/kilo at the supermarket. (As an aside, pretty much all the vine tomatoes I ran into, even the ones at the supermarket, tasted amazing, as if they were just harvested from someone's garden. The only time I had that experience in the US was when we grew our own tomatoes.) Cheese shops were abundant and had fantastic selections, though I don't remember the exact prices. (They were very reasonable.) You could buy a whole rotisserie chicken for €7 or less if you knew where to look; I got these a lot and used the bones for stock. (Tragically, I think I still prefer Costco chicken!) There was a lot of canned terrine, rillettes, pate, etc. in the specialty stores (€5 or less), and a can could last you a week. You could also get them at the butcher shop, but I never found one close to me that had them. Pastries at some of the world-class bakeries were very expensive — €7 to €10 per piece — but they literally looked like jewels and it was worth it for the occasional indulgence. I had many lunch picnics at the parks and it was fantastic every time! Oh, and obviously, there's lots of wine, but I'm not much of a wine drinker so I didn't investigate too much. Good beer was surprisingly cheap, though: I found a supermarket near me selling Chimay Blue for €2/11oz. [1]: Literally. There's an annual contest! http://parisbymouth.com/paris-top-baguettes-for-2014/ Here's a fun fact I learned while visiting Paris last month. Turns out the Eiffel Tower is open until about midnight during the summer. I recommend showing up late and taking the stairs to the second floor (if you're in good health). Not too many people, great exercise, beautiful views of Paris at night, and you get to see the tower from a really interesting and unique angle. IMO, if you're relying on the App Store app for all your marketing and discoverability, you're probably doing something wrong. That's a pretty good idea — iTunes radio for games. Too bad Apple has to be the one to do it. As an aside, if your Jekyll workflow requires custom plugins (which Github doesn't support), you can always generate the site locally and push the contents of the _site folder to Github. I have a similar issue. Want to start an LLC, don't have any connections, not entirely comfortable picking a lawyer out of a hat. Interested in seeing the answers. (By the way, I heard that incorporating in Deleware/Nevada may not be such a great idea if you live in California at least, since they still want taxes from you if you "do business" from there. But I don't really know what "doing business" entails, which is another great reason to find a competent lawyer...) Well, since technology grows non-linearly, so does our perception of resource usage. A megabyte is effectively meaningless when we talk about gigabytes of RAM or terabytes of hard disk space. Many websites nowadays require a megabyte download or more. I don't think it's odd that people treat 8MB as effectively "free", and I think it's a good thing because it allows us to liberally experiment with interesting new technologies (like Go) instead of hacking together obscure Unix commands like we used to. I'm saddened that nobody ever brings up video games when talking about these architectural shifts. Practically all PC games in the past few decades have been written for x86, and most of them will never be patched for ARM compatibility. These games are as important to many of us as movies or music, and yet I fear they're destined to disappear from our cultural memory if this shift ever happens. Virtualization just won't cut it; most modern games barely even run with Wine, to say nothing of performance. And given the slowing of Moore's law, we can no longer count on emulation to give us seamless reproductions a few years down the line. Does nobody care? Why doesn't anyone say anything? I love my Mac, but if I have to choose between ARM and my Steam library, I'll choose Steam and begrudgingly go back to whatever Windows version still supports it. On a related note, I think it's important to differentiate between utility software that's assumed to be temporary, and one-off pieces of software that are intended to live forever. I wish there was an easier way to write software in such a way that it can easily be guaranteed to run in the future, no matter the architecture. (Open source is not a guarantee. Ever try compiling the source to a AAA game?) A year or so ago, my Synology NAS got hacked by a Bitcoin mining virus. I only discovered it because a tech blogger tweeted about it and I happened to see it. My Synology was out of date and the virus must have exploited a vulnerability without any action on my part. Without knowing what to look for, the virus was effectively invisible. Given that I'm probably in the top 1% of tech savvy people, imagine how many others must have gotten infected! (I contacted Synology tech support and suggested that they send out an e-mail to their users, but they never responded.) Unfortunately, last I checked, it's still impossible to have a Synology NAS automatically update itself. Related: the previous HN discussion on "human-scale" cities. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8090190 If a new service comes along and is better enough than what came before that it upheaves the industry, I'm sorry, but you can't just regulate it away. Napster may have been shut down, but the music industry is still reeling from the effects of piracy, and now we have services like Spotify that compete with "free" directly. (Oh, and piracy is bigger than ever.) People love Uber, Lyft, and Airbnb. They won't be going anywhere. Great article. Snowden's closing thoughts make me excited about the idea of mesh networking with all these mobile devices in our pockets. Hopefully Google or Apple will give it the push it deserves. (Apple is already taking baby steps in this direction with its Multipeer Connectivity API.) Maybe I'm biased because I'm in the same situation, but I really do think .net has almost as much cachet as .com. Some people even prefer the .net domain to the .com. (daringfireball.net) As a traveller and occasional blogger, I like the design a lot. It feels functional and not as blatantly "social" as other sites in this vein. For my trips, I already use Google Maps to create maps with all the places I've been or want to visit in a new city[1]. I'd be very interested in using your site to create personalized maps in this vein: descriptions, photos, and comments would make my maps a lot more interesting. However, in order to do this, I'd need to be able to use different types of pins categorize my places, since having several dozen photo pins in one place would be too confusing. It would also be very useful to have a mobile app, as I use these maps on the go. [1]: https://mapsengine.google.com/map/edit?mid=zU8tVyO_sZdE.kj9h... I have no experience with this but the Netherlands is supposed to make this a lot easier with the DAFT if you're from the US. Many people live without sex (or even masturbation), including for religious reasons, and have throughout history. The idea that sex is some sort of carnal "need" like hunger feels like a very modern one. I find it odd that people tend not to question it. Super useful if you spend a lot of time tethering. Just set everything to "ask" and build up your whitelist over time. After that, you no longer have to worry about remembering to turn off your torrents, CrashPlan, etc. I've been getting progressively more excited about Miegakure over the past year, but I haven't heard anyone who's played the game talk about how easy it is to "grok". Does moving between dimensions become intuitive over time? Or do you always have to consciously think about what you're doing? That's great news! Really glad to hear that. Now I'm even more excited! This is an arrogant power play that's lost me a lot of respect for the perpetrators. They clearly don't respect Gruber enough to honor his intent for the language. And don't give me that "it's successful in spite of its ambiguity" nonsense. A standard inevitably makes people find ways to work "within the rules" while doing crazy stuff that the language is not intended for (like many people in these comments). Markdown's lax specification ensures that people honor the intent, not the implementation, and keeps it immediately understandable and grokkable. Also, it's genericized? Are you kidding me? They could have called it anything else, but they just had to go for full ownership of the spec. I hope all the indie App Store developers that Gruber is friends with shut this "standard" out. IIRC, T-Mobile lets you use Wi-Fi calling on Android to make calls abroad for free. Now it's available on iOS. Really useful for travelers. Yeah — I usually agree with Gruber, but I think round is just a better shape for something that's meant to be worn. Jewelry is generally round as well. It's really weird. Using the built-in HTML5 player, half the videos don't load. But those videos do exist — Google just doesn't want you to be able to access them easily. I can watch them on my iOS devices, I can download them using dirpy.com, and I can watch them in my browser using the YouTube5 plugin. I have plenty of circles (family, work) who exclusively use Apple devices. (Same with Android.) Hardly "dumb" and "stupid" — works great for iMessage. Gruber talks about this in the latest episode of the Talk Show. He admits that trends change, and what looked stupid a few years ago might not look so stupid anymore now that everyone is doing it. Also, phones are no longer used for actual phone calls so much, making the "brick next to your ear" factor less meaningful. I wish people didn't feel the need to "gotcha" Gruber at every possible opportunity. He's generally a very reasonable fellow, if aggressive at times. Yeah, it's not terrible, but $6 for a half-hour conversation every few days will drain your coffer pretty quickly. I would have loved to have Wi-Fi calling at the start of my latest trip. (Now I just use Google Hangouts with my old cell # transferred to Google Voice. Hooray for free Wi-Fi calling!) Given that they don't even know how much you're spending (as per the keynote), I doubt they're doing a surcharge. When I started reading Gruber, before I was even an Apple fan, I loved how he plowed through the anti-Apple BS that showed up so regularly on tech websites (and that I didn't even recognize as such before I started reading him). I think his style is a reaction to all the nerd bullying that Apple users have been subjected to over the years. (And really, you still see it everywhere in the tech sphere. "How's that one-button mouse?" "Mac gamers? LOL!" "iSheep" etc. Try asking a question related to Macs or OSX on any tech website: you'll get a hundred comments laughing at you for having bought a Mac. If you're into Apple products, it's hard to not grow angry and bitter after a while. Hence the endless flame wars between Apple and Android users on sites like The Verge.) I stand corrected, Bloomberg says a fee will be collected. The agreement is between Apple and the banks. http://www.macrumors.com/2014/09/10/apple-collecting-bank-fe... Yeah, been using it for maybe half a year. Also have Google Voice — maybe that was a prerequisite? Seconding Hangouts as a really great solution for travelers. Bonus tip: if you're going away for a while, transfer your cell number to Google Voice and avoid the mess of having everyone update your phone # in their contacts. Because it's going to have more reach than most open source programming languages. In a few weeks, millions of people are going to be running Swift apps on their phones, tablets, and desktops. Because calling people "hipsters" for liking a new language is juvenile. A store cat will always endear me to the establishment in question. In theory. In practice, you could get away with supporting just iPhone and iPad layouts, or one or the other if not going Universal. (And Autolayout helps you move forward when you're ready pretty easily.) Also, you don't have to worry about things like graphics hardware differences, poorly-implemented APIs, and OS versions nearly as much. Is it even possible to tell the difference between the iPad and iPad Mini in software? When it first came out, it wasn't, on purpose. I'm building a clone of the official iPhone software keyboard for use as a base for 3rd party keyboards: https://github.com/archagon/tasty-imitation-keyboard Instead of fixed images and positioning, it uses CoreGraphics and Autolayout, making it adaptable to portrait/landscape of any size. (It's really slow on device ATM, but hopefully that will be fixed shortly.) In the end, I intend for it to have most of the looks and functionality of the existing iPhone keyboard (when possible) except for iOS8 suggestions. Release date for beta-ish 1 should optimistically be a week or two after the iOS8 release date. Also, unrelated, I had an idea for a human-readable passphrase generator, in the vein of diceware, but I need to find a good algorithm for generating grammatical sentences and correctly conjugating verbs, etc. Also, I have yet to limit my wordlist to the most commonly used words. Right now, it's... silly: http://archagon.github.io/grammatical-passphrase-generator/ Possible future features: arbitrary length, rhyming schemes, other mnemonic features. (Give it 30 seconds or so to load — everything is done in JS, including wordlist parsing.) Fortunately, iOS8 (IIRC) allows apps to finally use the full power of the JS engine, so 3rd party browsers should be able to run as fast as Safari. If you don't mind switching, I'm sure there are 3rd party browsers that allow you to block ads. I'm a little surprised that Apple included custom keyboards. They've always been an "our way or the highway" company, and custom keyboards seem like a very geek-specific feature, even if they are better to type on. Not that I'm complaining! I can finally build a couple of new apps that I wasn't able to before. :) (If anyone is interested, I'm working on a clone of the existing Apple keyboard for use as a base for developing 3rd party keyboards: https://github.com/archagon/tasty-imitation-keyboard ) Hmm! That's not a bad idea, actually. Once I finish with my project, should be a fairly simple graphics swap and metrics adjustment. :) Secret Agent, anyone? I still love that game. In fact, all the old Apogee games had a sense of mystery and discovery that's sorely missing in modern titles. (Or is it nostalgia?) I remember playing through so many shareware titles and salivating at the new goodies that the nag screen promised from the remaining two episodes! By the way, Apogee has released a lot of their old titles for free. You can find them at 3drealms.com, in the Downloads section. The full version is now free on 3drealms.com! I've been thinking about this recently. When I was young, video games were a complete mystery to me. Every game, no matter how generic, was a joy to play, because I simply didn't know what to expect at the end of every screen. Strange worlds with unknown rules unraveled before me, whether in dungeons of Prince of Persia, the labyrinths of Jill of the Jungle, or the space stations of Duke Nukem 3D. Over time, this joy faded in the games I played. I can intuitively feel why this is the case: whenever I start playing a new game, I already know most of the rules, or at least I can figure them out from the first few levels. Floating things? Oh, just a Flying Enemy Trope. Glowing box in the corner? Health Kit Trope. Where does that door go? Nope, just a Door Decoration Trope. And don't even talk to me about the Crate Trope. What's more, you can immediately figure out how a game is going to play just by looking at the first level. It's rare nowadays that I play a shooter which doesn't solely involve moving forward, shooting bad guys, and collecting powerups. I can play the game in my mind almost from the get-go, and I get bored. A few months ago, I started playing a Japanese indie metroidvania game called La-Mulana (HD). As a game, it's rather obtuse: you'd be very hard-pressed to complete it without a walkthrough, as many of the later levels require figuring out the answers to obscure, poorly-translated riddles. But for the first time in probably a decade, I was completely sucked in. There was a true sense of mystery to this game. None of the tropes I was familiar with made sense here. Doorways to new areas kept opening up. Every decoration on the walls could be analyzed with your hand scanner. Items with no apparent purpose were scattered all over the ruins. Every obstacle was bespoke, not a generic "find the keycard" equivalent puzzle. For 20 hours straight, I could not get my hands off this game. It was exhilarating. And thinking back to the games I used to play as a kid, I'm starting to think that maybe they really did have a bit more magic than games do today. Take Duke Nukem 3D. You never knew what you'd find in a given level. An inconspicuous wall could hide a joke or easter egg. A vertical vent could contain a secret weapon. A manhole could lead to a secret level. Every area had something new, be it an interactive element, monster, weapon, or setpiece. (Remember how effective the mouse and mirror scenes were in the original Prince of Persia?) In those old games, there was always something new around the corner. You never knew what to expect, and the sense of mystery compelled you to explore until the closing credits. While I do think that childhood ignorance and obsessiveness made games feel a lot more interesting, I also agree with the author that something is missing in modern games. I was starting to expect that I would never again be consumed by a game, and then along came this tiny indie title to blow away my expectations. And now I see games like The Witness have a whiff of that same feeling. I'm really looking forward to getting sucked into games again. Yes, that's a great point. It's like Cypher in the Matrix: "All I see now is hallway, backdrop, arena..." And the more games you play, the quicker you're able to condense them down to their bare essentials. Because people are going to turn it on without thinking, forget their passcode, and get locked out of all their personal information without any recourse. Given Apple's size, they have to target the majority, not the tech-savvy minority. I really think it's as simple as that. EDIT: Oops, that's not right — the PIN by itself (or in conjunction with TouchID) still has that property. I meant it the other way around: Apple probably wants to make sure that the TouchID sensor is reliable enough to never lock people out, because if even one person has that problem, they won't be able to recover their data. Right now, the PIN is a failsafe; with TouchID/PIN, if TouchID fails, there isn't one. Oh, err, yeah, you're right. I wasn't thinking when I posted. :/ In regards to optionals, I've personaly found myself using the `property?.member = value` syntax quite a bit, which lets you avoid the nil check in many cases. I don't think a nil optional should be an "error case" as the author puts it most of the time. Overall, I've been finding Swift to be more coherent and faster to use than Obj-C in my projects, which is nice. But I'm not a language power user. WWDC app. Are you sure? That's not what I heard, but I could be wrong. I've been thinking about doing the same thing, but with actual closures/lambdas in more modern languages. Not sure if there's much of a point, though. For some reason, a lot of older game/graphics programmers seem to feel the same way about OO programming. I don't know if it's force of habit or experience on their part, but I try to keep it in the back of my head nowadays. In the languages that I'm using (JS, and now Swift), lambdas are only marginally more difficult to write than a pair of brackets. In fact, in Swift, you actually can't write a pair of brackets to designate scope, but you can put stuff in a lambda if you wish. Half of my money in Ally, the other half in Barclays Online. (Both offer around 1% savings accounts, among the highest in the business.) Schwab is my go-to ATM account, since it offers reimbursements on all ATM fees, including the 1% VISA tax, even abroad. Moreover, they're very good with not blocking your card: I called them once, they put my card in "training mode", and it's worked flawlessly in about 10 countries since. Ally also has an ATM card that works abroad, but it has the VISA 1% and only offers reimbursements in the US. Both Ally and Barclays offer free ACH transfers. I also use Vanguard for a few investments. None of my banks have physical branches abroad, but this does not bother me. I also don't have to cash foreign checks or accept deposits from foreign banks, which may be a problem for you. I don't believe that Ally accepts international wire transfers, for example. I've been using this system in Europe for about half a year. Not always possible. Many cities (Berlin, cough cough) don't seem to use credit cards very much, especially for quick fast-food-type places. Definitely Yelp. It's huge over here. I can't help but see it from the other perspective: if I disable cellular data and location services, I can randomize my MAC address on my iOS device? Awesome! (As long as it works over Wi-Fi...) Sarcasm in any form is harmful to discourse and ruins communities. I bristle whenever I see someone responding to a popular opinion on Reddit with a sarcastic "But... but...!" anti-comment. I don't know about buttons, but "how the metal/plastic feels" is one of the most important things about a mobile device. It's pretty much always in your hand! Ha, there's something absurd about the idea of sending a bunch of people to a distant planet just to get their hands on a bit of shiny, somewhat rare rock. Yes. Metafilter. The reasons are simple: no voting, heavy moderation, linear discussion. Weirdly, with a bare-bones Wordpress install with barely any traffic, I still spend about $5 every month or two. Not sure what's going on there. For blogs, I've found that Github Pages offers one of the best deals in the industry. It's free and it allows you to use your own domain; all you have to do is provide static HTML, or alternatively a bare-bones Jekyll site. With a few simple files, it's possible to have a custom domain and 404 error pages. Because it uses git, you automatically get a complete historic archive of your site without having to resort to archive.org. For once, without paying any extra money, you can have your own custom content and not have to manage any server stuff. Just write and publish. The title is misleading. There was no crackdown on digital nomads. It was a misunderstanding. I've wondered about this but haven't found a clear answer. If I'm working on some projects under a US LLC, does it count as "work" in whatever country I'm currently in? Do I have to pay local taxes? Get a visa? And what does it mean for my tax situation in the US? Our laws weren't written for this manner of work, so I wonder how it's going to get resolved. Interesting. After reading this Gamasutra article[1] on how online multiplayer can literally add years to your development time, I got a little scared. Will UE4 allow developers to avoid this setback? (On the other hand, developers like Carmack and Michał Marcinkowski only took a matter of months to add it to their games, and they were among the first. So maybe it's not as big of a deal as it seems.) [1]: http://www.gamasutra.com/view/feature/217434/the_ups_and_dow... In regards to SpeedRunners: "Implementing online multiplayer was very difficult," developer Casper van Est tells me. "People always warn you about it, and even with that taken into account, it turned out more difficult than we expected. We're a small two-person development team, so we already knew implementing it was going to take a while, but it ended up taking us several years." My understanding is that Homebrew does not clobber any system defaults — works with the OS, not against it. I could be wrong, though. Also, often times, even if you're covered under warranty, you have to pay for shipping there and back. For things like luggage, this can add up to $40 or more. If an app you bought in the past doesn't support the latest iOS version, I believe you now have the option of downloading the last version that still supports your current OS. Ah, good point. I hate to be so cynical, but product names nowadays are bordering on parody. And what's with the poor special effects in the background video? The e-ink display doesn't even line up with the card when it moves! You'd think they'd put just a little more work into that, since it's the first thing people see. Incredible? I don't know if I'd quite go so far, but Reeder on iOS has a really fluid, slidey interface that works like a stack of cards. The best part is that you can drag to navigate back/forward from almost anywhere on the screen. I find myself constantly swiping back and forth just because it's so much fun. Kind of a tangent: Mainly on Jonathan Blow's account, I've been watching a number of similar talks by low-level programmers — for example, Mike Acton's "Data Oriented Design"[1] — and following others on Twitter. I've noticed that much of the time in these presentations, there seems to be a level of disdain towards programmers who don't optimize things down to the bit. (For example, Acton follows a dozen slides on minute cache optimization — featuring assembly examples — with "Bad programming is easy" and "Design patterns are spoonfed material for brainless programmers incapable of independent thought...") This really bothers me. On the one hand, people like Blow and Acton are working on some of the most complicated software in the world, so I have to give them all my respect. At the same time, this programming style is so alien to me that I simply can't make sense of Acton's patterns and optimizations from a cursory glance. (Blow's examples from AAA development similarly disturb me, though they're much more comprehensible.) This is not what got me into programming, and yet these presentations by coders I respect make me feel like I'm a dummy who's completely "doing it wrong". I get the feeling that there's a whole separate world of these low-level, performance-optimizing developers who've shrugged off the mainstream and have their own, parallel outlook on how programming should be done. Much of the time, their ideas are very interesting to me. But I don't know how to reconcile their methodology with mine, which works on a much higher level and makes iteration and development so fun and easy — even if things like OO and design patterns bite me in the butt sometimes. I know that many of us here, spoiled by web and app development, must feel the same way. Is this sort of ascetic, hardware-savvy code really what "good programming" looks like? Because I want to get better at my craft, but it just looks like a whole lot of pain. [1]: http://www.slideshare.net/cellperformance/data-oriented-desi... Off-tangent, I am enjoying these lectures from an academic point of view, even though I don't think I would have a use for this hypothetical language! This is a really insightful comment. I feel like I understand the world of high-performance programming a lot better now. Thank you! People have said in the past that HN is just as bad as Reddit in this regard, but I've found discussion here to be quite reasonable over the past year. (Caveat: I could be totally wrong about this as I don't follow all the discussion.) I wonder what changed? After all, HN uses a voting system just like Reddit. I don't think it's the audience: Slashdot covers a similar demographic and discussion there is horrible. The only other public site I know of that does it well is Metafilter, and that's on account of heavy moderation and community policing. FYI, the mods only (99% of the time) remove content if it gets flagged consistently. So it's less censorship and more community policing. Or magbe it's because Apple is routinely (and unfairly) maligned all across the tech sphere, especially in the comments, and Apple users on less polarized sites vote to compensate. As someone with actual experience, do you think self-driving cars are in the near future (decade or two), or are the technorati deluding themselves? Or The Verge comments? Or Slashdot? I'm no CSS expert, but I personally find it incredibly easy and intuitive compared to the usual CSS alignment nonsense. Floats? Table display? Inline block? Flexbox is the first CSS layout feature that makes me feel like I don't have to harness an army of hacks to get anything done. Software "is" not anything. It's what we make of it. Many users and developers are staunchly opposed to a software service industry. Personally, if my only option is ever to make products that require subscriptions and continuous upkeep to use, I'd probably go work in another field altogether. If you're anything like me — a longtime PC user who started using Macs a few years ago — you will be shocked by how good Mac software tends to be. One day, you'll find yourself sitting at your old PC, tearing your hair out over some stupid decision that the programmer made in building whatever free application you're using, when you'll suddenly realize: you're a Mac guy now. EDIT: Also, from what I've seen, Apple is pretty committed to keeping Mac development open. Microsoft seems to be going in the opposite direction these days. I should have clarified: by "continuous upkeep", I don't mean patches and feature updates; I mean the type of perpetual update model you see in things like Creative Cloud and Facebook games. I make software because I enjoy it, and the type of software that I enjoy making either takes the form of one-off entertainment (games), or tools that expand your range of abilities (apps, mainly non-networked). If I couldn't hope to make money off these anymore, I'd probably lose my creative drive. (I am also a one-man developer. A corporation would obviously have different priorities.) This is basically the Chromebook version of the future, and it's why I support Apple's native-first model over the alternatives. If I buy a hammer, I want to own it, not have it streamed to me over crappy H264. Yeah, but it's still better than the situation on the Windows side. In order to use the new Metro UI, Microsoft requires all apps to go through their app store. Remember: they've recently been dragged kicking and screaming from trying to hoist this UI on every Windows user. (You could draw the comparison to iCloud, but at least that's a service hosted by Apple on their own dime, not a native UI layer.) So far, Apple has made it clear that OSX is intended to remain an open OS. I expect that developers will be able to use OSX+'s new native features for many years to come, App Store, or no; in contrast, I don't see Microsoft permitting open development on anything but its rapidly aging Desktop. But yeah, I hope the App Store gets better. Pretty much any cool application idea I've had has required going outside the sandbox. Yeah, but the Pinboard API is extremely simple to use, and the token is shown in BIG BOLD LETTERS on the settings page. Frankly, it's easier to implement than username/password, especially since the audience is probably mostly comprised of tech-savvy power users. OAuth would add a framework's worth of complexity to this simple and elegant system — qualities that the developer of Pinboard clearly holds dear. You don't have to use Metro, but Microsoft was kind of betting on Metro being the future. Many have said — correctly so, I think — that Microsoft wanted to deprecate the Desktop in an MS-DOS kind of way, at least over the course of a few years. From what I've seen, many of the newest APIs require Metro, while the Desktop remains mostly as it has been in Vista. Meanwhile, OSX is adding tons of new features for devs of all varieties with every new release, including features centered around security and power use. Yeah, I meant "open deployment", sorry. I don't think there's an official way to develop for Metro outside the MS app store, right? We've had good discussions on the topic. See: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8425501 (Not GG, but closely related.) Give the Isometric podcast #18 a listen ( http://5by5.tv/isometric/18 ). It might change your mind. Also this: http://seriouspony.com/trouble-at-the-koolaid-point Zoe Quinn tweeted today: "couldn't you just fucking not play my games . Fucking boycott me, don't work with me, just leave my dad alone". She got a dead squirrel in her mailbox a few days ago. Remember: she made a free indie game about depression and had a messy breakup with an ex. This is literally all she did. This type of reaction is no longer uncommon. These women are really, actually suffering. Yeah... and the worst part is, you kind of grow to ignore these tropes as you play these games. (And of course, this makes developers try to amp up the grit more and more.) Seeing them all at once is quite shocking. This is one of the reasons why I think these videos are very valuable. Accusations aside — which to my understanding have mostly been the rantings of an immature ex[1] — it's a FREE INDIE GAME. About depression. That you don't have to pay money for. In what world does it make sense for someone to sleep with a handful of journalists to get coverage for her free indie game, for literally no financial gain? And in any case, why would anyone even focus on Zoe rather than the journalists, especially in an industry where big companies curry favors with "journalists" all the freaking time ? Like, for realsies, and not in an angry, rumor-mongering kind of way? [1] (Which is really none of my business and I feel icky even bringing it up.) Main thread: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8458865 Not only do these women receive orders of magnitude more death threats than your typical online celebrity, but people do in fact come to their homes, contact their relatives, harass them at work, mail them stuff, etc. Consider also that some studies have shown that more than a third of all women have been sexually harassed or assaulted at some point in their lives, which is mostly invisible to guys like me[1]. That must be a pretty terrifying place to be. If that was me in Anita's shoes, I doubt I'd be able to just wave off these death threats, especially if friends and family were being targeted as well. [1]: You can start reading at this comment — http://www.metafilter.com/85667/Hi-Whatcha-reading#2777344 — and keep going for a good long while. This thread changed my outlook a few years ago. I recently learned and used Autolayout to design a few different apps. It has its pros and cons. For relatively simple UIs, it's great, especially if you use Interface Builder. It really lets you express what you mean when you lay something out, and it automatically works with all screen sizes. On the other hand, if you're doing anything that requires lots of little views laid out in an orderly way — a keyboard, for instance — it's more trouble than it's worth. I think for Autolayout to have more general appeal, it needs two things. One, an easier way to use it programmatically. (Creating NSLayoutConstraints all the time is annoying.) And two, a better way to define equal spacing between views. (Creating spacer views is incredibly boilerplate-y.) Also, the more constraints you have, the harder it gets to conceptualize things like intrinsic contents sizes, priorities, and inequalities. You can perform manual layout in the layoutSubviews method of any UIView. Simply calculate your positions with the current view size in mind, looking up the Size Class if necessary. (And don't use exact pixel positions, obviously.) Unfortunately, on first glance, it looks like one of those spam pages used to sell pills — at least, IMO. (Sorry, I just think it might be helpful if you get my honest first impression.) Suggestions: * wider * less text * more pictures * more consistent layout/typography: multiple sections, each with a header and explanatory text It depends on what you're doing. For example, good luck creating a keyboard in IB (especially with all the spacer views you'll be needing). Yes, I think it's the narrow width and especially the inconsistent layout. You have a header, then a button, then a bold sentence, then a paragraph, then a box with bold text, then a header, then a paragraph with an image stuck in the middle... it's all over the place. I recommend going for a small number of simple header+paragraph sections. Just superficially looking at the syntax, that looks like a great improvement over Autolayout! I'll have to check it out. Nice icon! Negative way to put it: "written for the stereotypical Apple hipster" Positive way to put it: "written with the indie Mac dev community in mind" These guys have been in the game for a long time and have an emotional attachment to the development of the Mac platform. One of the most enlightening things I learned while studying music in college was discovering why classical harmony ended up the way it did. What makes a V7 chord work? Where did augmented 6th chords come from? How did the Neapolitan chord fit into these systems? By looking at the progression of music history from one-voice chants to counterpoint to harmony and then to the explosion of ideas in the Romantic era and beyond, you acquire the skills to know why music — any music — can sound good and express rhetorical ideas. With a foundation in classical music theory, you can go beyond what anyone is doing in popular music today. I strongly believe that (for example) Beethoven's 5th, from a compositional perspective, has more rhetorical power than any music produced in the last century. I think this is largely due to popular music being very simple structurally. Where is the counterpoint? Where are the modulations? All we get is simple chord progressions repeated ad nauseum. Imagine how much farther we could go if we combined the lyrical and textural variety of popular music with the compositional depth of classical music! I salivate at the thought of an electronic or metal musician[1] delving into this territory... [1]: Phish is one of the few bands I know of who actually focus on this stuff. Some of their pieces even include bona-fide fugues. I'm not the biggest fan, and it's a simple example, but I love listening to the motifs and variations in "Stash": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OfQCAj2Ppg Classical music theory is a rigid, structural, almost mathematical system that emerged over several centuries. In those centuries, composers learned some very powerful techniques to express ideas in their music. Although the specifics of classical music — the rhythms, the chords, the tonalities — may be antiquated, I really do think that the forces that guided their development are just as relevant to modern music. For example: why is a V7 chord so powerful? It's because you have the interval of a 5th — a tense interval with almost universal meaning vis a vis the overtone series — combined with two minor 2nd intervals that are brimming with tension to resolve to the tonic and the third. The study of intervals and of tension in voice leading is, I think, absolutely essential in jazz as well, and can help explain some extremely confusing jazz chords in analysis as almost incidental results of voice leading. This is what I mean by classical music theory offering insight into any genre of music: classical music emerged out of the study of things like intervalic tension, and even though our own century's music has diverged from this origin, I think it's very important to study the lessons learned over those hundreds of years. (EDIT: I just noticed that you said outside of Western music. Yes, that may be correct. Many systems of music in the world are very different from our own. But I think most people writing music today are writing with Western ears in mind. After all, we've been conditioned to understand this kind of music for hundreds of years!) As for your second point, I think what I latch on to in classical music more than anything is the use of motif, and Beethoven's 5th of course epitomizes this. Don't get me wrong — I love popular music, and I listen to it more than anything — but most of the "top 100" songs in any popular music ranking feature wandering, improvised music more than any systemic use of motif to make a rhetorical point. And that's not a bad thing! I love Stairway to Heaven. But it just "sounds good" — it doesn't really develop its musical material. Compare to something like this[1], where every single musical detail is repeated and developed across all the voices. It's so intricate. I've never heard this level of motivic development in popular music, and I've been looking for a few years now. I am sorry if this is not making any sense, I am having beers. [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWLotW5AKjg Yeah, a little bit! What's interesting is that we're so used to equal temperament (i.e. a bit of error added to most intervals in exchange for greater flexibility) that pieces played in just intonation sound "off" to us, even though they're more mathematically correct. Also, I believe instruments with arbitrary pitch (violin, voice) tend to naturally drift closer to just intonation. I mean, there are many ways to be satisfying in music. I am very satisfied by the exploration of texture and improvisation in modern music, for instance, and I am very grateful that we live in such an exciting time for musical experimentation. But at the same time, in a way that's hard to describe, the moment where the theme returns in the third movement in Beethoven's 5th[1] just absolutely trumps any musical moment I've heard in popular music. I'm talking Schindler's List level goosebumps. There are plenty of long pieces in popular music, too — prog is big on that. But the techniques of Beethoven and ilk just aren't getting used, which I think is a great shame. I don't think it's "magic" or "genius". I really do think it's a matter of harnessing the medium to its full potential, which might require more education in music theory than (in my experience) many musicians feel comfortable with. I don't think you need a long piece to develop motif. Look at something like "Vocalise"[2], or, heck, any of Bach's Well-Tempered Klavier. One of my teachers used to stress the original meaning of the word "sublime". I think that's what's missing in modern music. A feeling of awe that leaves you speechless. Zappa's been on my to-do list for a while, I'll have to give him a listen soon! [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdvsRJL4Mtw [2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBVkYGLEUpg On one hand, I realize it's totally meant tongue-in-cheek. So I don't want to pick on the article, because it's useful and funny. On the other hand, I've been seeing this attitude in regards to other topics lately. "Why can't humans be perfect... like this machine?" Well, guess what, bub. We came first, and this stupid computer had better get used to it. Me, I like my clumsy, imperfect analog world. I never said "always"! But it would be nice to have sometimes. It's an area that's almost completely unexplored in popular music. Arrgh, how do you guys write these awesome, complex projects (with networking! and built-in tools!) in just a few days? If I tried my hand at making this, it would take me, like, a month. What is the trick that lets you leap across this order-of-magnitude-sized time gap? Great work! This is probably too geeky for Apple to do, but I wish they offered direct video input on their iPads. You'd be able to use them for extra screen space, hobby projects, dedicated views for things like audio production, temporary screens for headless terminals... so many possibilities! (I know there are apps that do that, but they're workarounds at best and have too much latency and/or quality degradation.) David Tipper's Forward Escape is some of the best music I've heard in the last 10 years, and doubles as great programming music too: http://open.spotify.com/album/6iXjPAUqAY5c3cVe1lNHut The Crypt of the Necrodancer soundtrack is really great: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrS1RyuoG0I Instrumental prog is pretty good: Liquid Tension Experiment, Joe Satriani, Scale the Summit... Not the same guy, but figured I might as well put this here. I've been living on what can fit in a suitcase for the past... year or so? Especially now that most of our valuable possessions — photos, writing, music, video — can be digitized, it's awfully liberating to pare your physical inventory down to the bare minimum. I'm doing this for travel purposes, but the end result is mostly the same, I think. http://www.archagon.net/a-few-pointless-thoughts/2013/8/28/g... http://www.archagon.net/a-few-pointless-thoughts/2014/6/15/g... Yeah, I've solved that problem by flatsharing or subletting on Aibnb (in less expensive cities). But it's not for everyone, of course. As a fairly new web developer, who's doing it for fun, I'm so glad that I can just say "screw it, I'm using flexbox" for 99% of these sorts of problems! There is no point in betting on something that has a 50/50 chance of disappearing in a few years to store your valuable bookmarks — especially when (I assume) cross-platform support will be lacking. Use Pinboard instead. The language simultaneously compiles to bytecode and C. LLVM is potentially planned for the future. http://feedbin.me As with Pinboard, it became popular in the vacuum following the implosion of a large, centralized service. I think trackpads on new Macbooks tend to be a little sticky until they smooth out over a week or two. Are you talking about Windows? Because I'm pretty sure OSX doesn't have any right mouse drag controls. OSX ramps up the CPU during scrolling, but never enough to turbo the fans. And if the scroll view is GPU accelerated (now nearly all of them), it only climbs to 10% instead of 50%. And don't forget to give it a lick afterwards for that clean screen feeling! I disagree. I think the high-end Macbook Pro is one of the best gaming laptops out there. The Nvidia chip is almost half as powerful as the AMD 6850 I used to have in my desktop, which has a giant turbine fan and takes up two PCI slots! Sure, performance in OSX is often poor, but BootCamp and often Parallels solve this problem quite elegantly. It's not too different from booting up a console, I think. Thanks to my Mac, I can travel the world and also play Metro Last Light whenever I feel like. :) (Caveat: it's almost been a year so it's starting to show its age in some new games. But that's not really something you can get away from. I'm also concerned that the next gen Macbook will only offer an integrated Iris Pro chip instead of Nvidia switching. Don't get me wrong - Iris Pro graphics are impressive, often performing at up to 66% of the Nvidia chip - but it will almost certainly be a performance regression.) John Calendar must be feeling pretty crappy right about now. I think it is, yes. I don't really follow driver updates all that much, but Nvidia's GeForce Experience application routinely tells me about new downloads (most recently a week or two ago). And it's not a proprietary Apple fork, either: I downloaded GeForce Experience straight from Nvidia as soon as I installed BootCamp and haven't had any problems with it. Oh, neat. I didn't even realize that Control-drag was the same as a RMB drag. That should make my life a little easier. Tasty Imitation Keyboard ( https://github.com/archagon/tasty-imitation-keyboard ), a basic replica of the default iPhone keyboard written in Swift. Features include a close approximation of the keyboard appearance on all iPhones, entirely programmatic art and layout, auto-capitalization, a built-in settings screen, and easy extensibility. I've already used it to write a transliterating Cyrillic keyboard and get it into the App Store[1], and I intend to update it whenever I release new keyboards or patch my existing ones. Code is messy, but I needed to get it out the door. In the grand scheme of things it's not much, but as my first "real" open-source project, I'm pretty proud of it! There are a few other "looks like the system keyboard"-type keyboards in the App Store, and mine knocks them out of the park. (I'm also working on a blog post about the pains involved in building a 3rd party iOS keyboard.) [1]: Translit Keyboard, http://translit-keyboard.archagon.net There is such a thing — a cooperative! One famous example is the Cheeseboard in Berkeley, a cheese shop and pizzeria that has been worker owned and operated since the 60's with wild success. Seeing how happy, creative, and productive the staff there is makes me wish that we had more organizations operating in this manner. Kind of a tangent, but there's a lot to be said for cooperative living, too. One of my favorite experiences in college was living in a student cooperative. There were about 40 of us in a large, early 20th century Victorian house, each taking on a fair share of maintenance, cooking, and management. Every decision, including major ones like renovating parts of the house, was made democratically and collectively: there was no real centralized oversight. (There was a "central office" for the entire co-op system — itself largely made up of house representatives — but they mostly stayed out of individual house affairs.) Important positions such as president or workshift manager were voted in collectively and had certain benefits, like decreased rent or less hours required per week. It worked well for the most part, and many lifelong friendships were forged in the house. I think it would be an interesting experiment to get a bunch of self-motivated creative folks together in such an environment and have them work on projects together. Perhaps the members would be selected by occupation, so that there's a solid pool of artists, programmers, designers, writers, etc. at all times. A majority of the money generated from these projects would go towards the members' collective benefit. Projects would be formed spontaneously, either by individuals working alone, or by people trying to "recruit" other members — kind of like how Valve does things. A combination of cooperative living and cooperative working. I know it's not for everyone, and maybe it's a pipe dream, but the idea really appeals to me! Sorry, the CSS for mobile, and probably other platforms, is messed up. I'll fix it... eventually... Does this mean that Mono will no longer be necessary for cross-platform C# use? It does say that they are "expanding .NET to run on the Linux and Mac OS platforms". I recently tried running Dolphin on my Macbook after a long hiatus, and was shocked to discover that my games were now running at a buttery 60fps. What's more, there are practically no glitches to be seen or heard anymore. When I last tried booting up my games about a year ago, all I could get was about 45fps at 1x resolution. Now I can have my Wii games with me wherever I go. It's stunning how quickly the Dolphin team is jumping over these technical hurdles. I find it almost impossible to visualize how a bunch of young, eager amateurs (at the time) took an insanely complicated black box and created an almost perfect software version of it! It's a late-2013 retina 15" Macbook Pro with a 2.3GHz i7 and integrated Nvidia graphics. Currently playing Super Mario Galaxy 2 and Metroid Prime Trilogy (Prime 2) with barely any issues, minus a few very minor ones for the latter: occasional shader generation stuttering and having to set "EFB to Ram" to fix the visor. Er, they already "truly dominate" by most metrics. I've been traveling for a while, and it's pretty surprising how regional most freshly-prepared foods are. Pizza, bagels, barbecue, baguettes, pastries, breads, even produce — all vary drastically in quality depending on the region. Something about having a concentrated pool of talent and competition in one area, I suppose. Also, out of all the "leaders" on the anti-GG side, I can't think of a single one that could be described as a "social justice warrior". Neither Wu, Sarkeesian, nor anyone else has ever said that all men are bad, called people "shitlords", advocated censorship, or done anything else attributed to "SJWs". From my perspective, they have tried very hard to maintain civil and reasonable discourse, even in the face of this GG onslaught. Well, what's missing is that if you're a dude, it might be hard to believe that men can behave this way towards women in everyday life, even in the 21st century. Problem is, this stuff is mostly hidden from us. Remember that 10-minute street harassment video from a few weeks ago? Turns out, it's fairly representative. Do some reading in this thread and see if it puts things into perspective: http://www.metafilter.com/85667/Hi-Whatcha-reading#2777344 After realizing that, yes, this stuff happens to women all the time , it's not hard to extrapolate this behavior to the internet, where people are bigger targets and harassers are even more anonymous. As a man, I have never felt threatened by anything these women have said. On the contrary, I enjoy watching Sarkeesian's videos, since they made me realize just how toxic and passé these tropes were, and how much more interesting our games could be if they went without them. Most recently, I played Valdis Story as Reina, and man , I felt like a badass. I wish more games let me play characters like that. Perhaps you should examine your insecurities? iOS apps can use GPS in the background, as long as the user permits it. I use it to map my travels all the time! This would introduce lag in user interactions, which is unacceptable to Apple and its users. I wrote up a rant about Google Maps the other day[1], from the perspective of an Apple user. As a Google Maps user since the start, I've been surprised to find myself reaching for Apple Maps more and more, both on my phone and on the desktop. Despite its flaws, Apple Maps just feels like a much better product in terms of UI and performance these days — and there's still time for them to catch up in data. [1]: http://beta-blog.archagon.net/2014/11/20/what's_up_with_goog... You don't like the new Safari tabs? Have you tried using your trackpad or mouse wheel to scroll them horizontally? To me, it's the best solution out of all the browsers. Firefox has a scrolling list, but all the tabs are the same size so they go off the screen. Chrome shrinks tabs down until they're illegible. Safari kind of does both, but you can spread them out in an analog way just by using your mouse. To me, it feels great. It looks like the plan for resolution-independence on Apple platforms is "get the DPI so high that you can set the screen size to whatever you want". And I'm OK with that. Not everything can be represented with vector graphics. Well, it doesn't do that if all your tabs fit in the window, right? It only happens once you run out of space, and at that point you need to do something . Oh, I see what you mean. Yeah, that's a bit annoying, and they should probably scrunch on the left, but I think the pros of the new UI outweigh the cons. Also, the behavior is the same as the previous version of Safari, and Finder, at least, behaves the same way. It is a feature. OSX applications have[1] a[2] certain[3] feel[4] to them. You won't have the same experience using a cross-platform app. [1]: https://panic.com/coda/ [2]: http://www.pixelmator.com/mac/ [3]: http://macpaw.com/gemini [4]: http://www.iawriter.com/mac/ This is awesome, but I wish developers would charge for polished, full-featured software like this. The people who made this probably have full-time jobs; meanwhile, independent developers who want to break into this niche now have to compete with "free". This results in a market ruled by large corporations that can "subsidize" free software via the spare time of their employees. Maybe I'm just being too grouchy. This editor looks impressive. How about releasing the source without any of the art assets or interface nibs? Full benefit of open source while still providing high value for money. (Sure, the geeks will go and create their own assets, but it won't be the same.) Yeah. I can definitely see the point. I also realize that open source software is often a political statement, and good for that. But at the same time, I want to see a world where a developer could earn money from making cool applications like this without relying on a large corporation for the bulk of their paycheck. It's what the free-to-play app store model is coalescing to, and I don't like it. To my recollection, every new tab was added to a list after the last tab in the window. You used to be able to find the "greatest hits" of his lectures (as well as the ones from 61B and C) at http://wla.berkeley.edu . Unfortunately, it looks like the site is down right now... or forever? (The lectures were in RealPlayer format, so maybe it's for the best.) Interesting. I've been looking for a way to get an easy multi-year visa in Europe, and I have a sole proprietorship that I want to incorporate anyway. Previously, I was looking at DAFT, but it would cost me several thousand dollars. Maybe Spain is the way to go? "Then again, he could just be expressing sour grapes because people with actual skill, money, and time are invading his turf." Uh, what? That's pretty disrespectful. ATP is one of the best produced and most popular tech podcasts out there today. Me, I love the chit chat. The dynamic of ATP is perfect. I haven't found another chat-type podcast that I can stand listening to every week. As for the ads, I'm glad my podcast app maps fast-forward to 45 second skip! Revisit your starting assumption? One might reasonably consider talking about blood-thirsty "feminist brigades" as a form of idiocy. It seems to me that you can't really do message passing in most languages with high efficiency? (Objective-C and Swift being the exceptions.) You can do one-to-many messages via notifications, though it's less elegant. Direct link to algorithm showreel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HI8FerKr6Q My dad's generation in Russia would smuggle illegal Western records across the border. They grew up to listening to scratchy tape copies of The Beatles, Deep Purple, and Pink Floyd. He said nobody really hated the West. On the contrary, they were intrigued by Western culture. Have things really changed so much? You like Apple (or Google). You think they're one of the few companies in the tech sphere who know what they're doing. You feel they respect their customers. You like their leaders. You want the future of tech to be in their hands. And yet, every time you look online, you see people talking about how horrible they are. People laugh at you for using Apple (or Google) products. A number of non-controversies about the company's products come up every year, just to give angry people another link to click on. And when the real controversies come up, all they do is reinforce people's established opinions. "How just like Apple (or Google). Fuck that company." You don't want this stuff to become part of your identity, but in the end, your hand is kind of forced. Yes. Every time I look at a default Visual Studio setup, I get mental fatigue just from trying to figure out all the buttons, toolbars, and options that I'll never ever need to use. It's completely gross and bloated — the Microsoft Word of IDEs. Xcode, on the other hand, is so nice and Appley and clean. It's a shame it runs so slow and crashes at the slightest breeze. Still, I'd rather use an Xcode that I have to force quit every 30 minutes than a stable Visual Studio any day. No. I have never had to use the assembly/decompiling tips described in this article, and 99.9% of programmers will never have to do it, either. Even with a problem like this, you can fix it or get around it with a bit of trial and error. As with any other black box technology. (Still useful to know, though.) It's really, really nice for making static layouts in IB, but as soon as you do anything dynamic — programmatic views, animations, etc. — the whole thing becomes a burden. I often wish we had something akin to autolayout for CSS. My excuse is that I'm getting older and I just don't want to deal with the fiddling anymore. It gives me nothing but stress. All my IDEs and text editors have the default config (modulo a few settings), and I'm OK with that. I don't use emacs or vim. OH SNAP! I've been looking for a way to do this for years, for the same reasons as you, but have never had much luck in actually finding high resolution art. What are your sources? OSX user. I usually have 5-10 different desktops open, each with a random background that changes every half an hour. So whenever I go into Mission Control or create a new desktop, I get to enjoy a new picture. Also, if I catch a glimpse of something cool in my current background on the edge of the screen, I'll take a quick peek via the 4-finger pinch gesture. These look great! Would work really well for iOS apps. During one of my first ever tech interviews, I totally blanked on reversing a linked list. And it was a live interview, too! They even raised their eyebrows at me a bit. Really embarrassing. Like you, I whipped out my text editor after the fact and did it in a few minutes, just to prove to myself that I could. But I also made sure to carefully go over my understanding of linked lists, to really bake it into my memory, because I knew similar questions would come up again. It helped. When you're in an interview, you lose the ability to hold a lot of things in your working memory. So you really have to rely on your intuition, at least until you learn to relax. I think it's pretty clear we need to separate the "document" aspects of the web from everything else. HTML and CSS are really useful technologies for dealing with text content, but they're only one tiny part of what the web is about now. Conceptually, building web apps with HTML and CSS just does not make sense, and almost necessitates using some clunky framework built on top of JS. (And I'm not JUST talking about Facebook and the like. I think most websites with a nav bar count as "web apps", in a sense.) Perhaps this will involve building the layout and plumbing of a website using straight (sandboxed) code, and then filling in the content using the same old HTML (or Markdown) and CSS. If the site has no content — if it's an online tool like a file converter or an uploader, for example — you could omit the HTML/CSS part altogether. Think UIKit: build up your view controllers, your tables, your data sources, and your nibs, and then provide the content in the form of HTML/CSS like before. (Of course, you don't have to work like this if you don't want to. Just throw up a blank view and keep working in HTML/CSS/JS if you prefer.) (Yes, you can create a blank page and populate it with JS today — and indeed, this is what frameworks like Ember do — but you'd still using divs and the like to do it. I think this is backwards. We shouldn't be using a text rendering engine to produce web apps; we should be using web apps to host text rendering views. In other words, Ember should exist on the top level, not the bottom.) One question that will let us know if we're on the right path is, "Can we make websites that feel just as good as native apps on mobile?" Not just "good enough", but so good that nobody will even think to write native web apps ever again. Same responsiveness; same support for gestures and touches; no more misclicks and accidental navigation. Fundamentally, the web is for content, so it'll always be vital to be able to do things like hyperlink to arbitrary pages and open multiple links in succession. But now that most of the web's content is inside these overarching web apps, and also that websites are being used for purposes other than content, it's important that the tools we use grow along with the web. Yeah, I added a comment about that. It's true that web frameworks essentially work like this, but I still think it's massively backwards that we're building web apps by using JS to manipulate a text rendering engine and not the other way around. In my opinion, this is one of the primary reasons why web apps never feel as good as native. To look at it another way, this means that HTML and CSS are sort of the web's "layout and appearance bytecode", and they're pretty mismatched for that purpose. The OS should always be in service of the user. And users (in my experience) vastly prefer case insensitivity. Sorry, but there's just no way around it. Apps are the spiritual successor to the single-purpose applets that riddled our pre-smartphone phones and other appliances. They were always proprietary and always relatively simple. It's only recently that we've gotten the ability to perform more complicated tasks with our apps. The description in "The Omnivore's Dilemma" of egg yolks from idyllically pasture-raised chickens is forever stuck in my memory. "Between stops, Art mentioned that Joel’s eggs usually gave him his foot in the door when trying to land a new account. We stopped in at one such prospect, a newly opened restaurant called the Filling Station. Art introduced himself and presented the chef with a brochure and a dozen eggs. The chef cracked one into a saucepan; instead of spreading out flabbily, the egg stood up nice and tall in the pan. Joel refers to this as “muscle tone.” When he first began selling eggs to chefs, he’d crack one right into the palm of his hand, and then flip the yolk back and forth from one hand to another to demonstrate its integrity. The Filling Station chef called his staff over to admire the vibrant orange color of the yolk. Art explained that it was the grass diet that gave the eggs their color, indicating lots of beta-carotene. I don’t think I’d ever seen an egg yolk rivet so many people for so long. Art beamed; he was in." I've yet to find an egg like that, though I've heard you can get them if you raise backyard chickens. Well, yeah, but I imagine "what the chicken ate" and "how idyllic their lives were" are pretty closely related. In any case, I've never once found a firm orange yolk in my eggs — supermarket, farmer's market, or otherwise. Joel is probably doing something right here. (Or maybe his eggs are just really fresh, I don't know.) There's an interesting later passage about exactly that: "Joel told me that when he first began selling eggs to chefs, he found himself apologizing for their pallid hue in winter; the yolks would lose their rich orange color when the chickens came in off the pasture in November. Then he met a chef who told him not to worry about it. The chef explained that in cooking school in Switzerland he’d been taught recipes that specifically called for April eggs, August eggs, and December eggs. Some seasons produce better yolks, others better whites, and chefs would adjust their menus accordingly." False: http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/literally I'm really loving Swift, but Xcode has gotten atrocious . I have a keyboard app with 8 different sub-keyboards, and 80% of the time, when I open my project, Xcode gets stuck in indexing. You can't build, you can't close Xcode, you can't do anything but force-quit and hope it doesn't happen next time. There are also frequent SourceKit crashes, random crashes to the desktop, and incredibly laggy typing and auto-completion. WTF? "I guess I like the strict handling of nils in principle but in practice I've found this often means the user gets a crashed app instead of a more tolerable bug." How are you using optionals in such a way that it crashes your app? I've found that using optional chaining and the "if let" block guards your code against accidental nilling even more. My rule of thumb so far is to never ever use the "!" operator except for initialization. I've found that whenever I get a crash — which is rare these days — it's usually because I forced an optional, or possibly used "as" instead of "as?". "All the strictness of the language is just a facade when you're manually casting every time you deal with a collection, for example." I dunno, I kind of like the explicitness of (cocoaArray[i] as? ABMyObject). It's no more work than you'd be doing with a generic NSArray anyway, and you get type checking for free. (And, of course, all your Swift native arrays and maps don't have to follow this pattern.) I'm on latest and the indexing issue is just getting worse and worse for me. Many of the world's problems could be greatly alleviated if we collectively agreed that shrinking, not growing, our populations over time is the right thing to do. Unfortunately, nationalism incentivizes the opposite. No country's going to go first. I imagine the government will eventually take steps to try to fix this "problem". It's not exactly voluntary. Regardless, current estimates that I've seen point to the population of the Earth stabilizing at around 10 billion. People always say that we can't move from industrial to more sustainable types of farming because our current population levels couldn't be sustained. Where is that cut-off point? 1 billion? Less? I think that point is what all "enlightened" nations should be aiming for in terms of policy — the point where we could all survive comfortably without having to depend on oil-based products just to feed us. (Otherwise, it'll eventually have to happen naturally, and it won't be pretty.) FYI, you could also object on the basis of 3) Strong AI is essentially an impossible endeavor. Maybe. But I also feel that Panic's apps are not particularly well suited for the iOS App Store. They're a bit too "power user" for a platform that's almost never used at home, with the comfort of a keyboard. In contrast, some of the most popular games this year (Monument Valley, Wayward Souls) have come out with premium pricing, which is a refreshing change. They're considered a design darling in terms of their OSX and now iOS apps. Really high quality software. Speaking of Tetris proofs, I've had the following problem on the back-burner for a while: is there a way to check whether an arbitrary contiguous space comprised of squares can be filled in by tetrominoes? I don't have a math background so reasoning about it is difficult. Here's the question on StackOverflow: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20083552/tetromino-space-... Technical hurdles aside, I just can't agree that case-sensitivity makes sense. To most people, an "a" and an "A" are not different symbols; they're the same letter with "uppercase" formatting applied, much like bold or italics. And although one could argue that you could make a case-insensitive GUI layer while keeping the implementation case-sensitive, I feel that the terminal can be just as important from a UX perspective as anything else in the OS. After all, it's one of the main places power users create and access files. Given how much Siracusa and Torvalds (to an extent) advocate for better user experience over ease of technical implementation, I feel I'm missing something. Our job as programmers is to encompass the complexity of the real world in our programs, not to make our users think like machines. An "f" is not a different character from an "F". To most people, it's the same letter with special formatting applied. They don't see it and think, "Oh, that's ASCII character 102." An F is an f, no matter how you type it. On the other hand, "myfiles" and "my files" have different numbers of characters. They sound different in your head, and you can easily point to the difference. It's the same as typing "alien" versus "a lien". But half the time, I'm having to deal with file access and creation in the terminal. That's as an important user experience to me (a power user) as anything in the GUI. Does Unix change the way the terminal handles files depending on the locale? My understanding is that it does not. (If it did, maybe that would be the best solution for everyone, but I imagine a lot of geeks would be up in arms about how the terminal experience is not consistent...) The main rule I'm trying to follow is "as random a tiling as possible". So unless absolutely necessary, no picking certain pieces just because it's easier. The max area I'm having to tile is fairly small (maybe 100x100 at most) so an actual solution could be fairly easily brute-forced in the last step of the process. I just want to avoid having to backtrack as much as possible since it increases the cost substantially. I feel that I see these types of posts come up every few months. Personally, I'd like to think that the good games will still rise to the top. Monument Valley wasn't a fluke; it's a game based entirely about the art and the content, rather than stale one-off game mechanics that could be cloned in an afternoon. It got noticed because it was deep and unique. (Did they even do any marketing?) I've rarely found a game with that same level of quality that got no attention[1]. Most of the time, whenever somebody complains about their games getting no sales and I look at the stuff they've made, I see games that are fun and clever, but very one-note. Like, you can already see how the rest of the game is going to go just by looking at a screenshot. That's not a bad thing, but I don't think it's the kind of stuff that sells anymore. (With obvious viral exceptions that occur unpredictably every so often.) Whereas with a game like Monument Valley, you want to get in and explore it because every single level is unique . Several years back, the developers of Sword and Sworcery talked about how their business model was entirely about chasing the long tail rather than aiming for the mass market. It paid off wonderfully for them, and I think — I hope! — it still makes sense. [1]: Hey! If you liked Monument Valley, you should totally check out Windowsill. Short but gorgeous. Listed as an inspiration by MV's developers. Demo in browser: http://windosill.com Have you played it? It's like watching an animated movie. There is negligible repeated content, at least as far as the art and levels are concerned. Unlike 99% of iOS games, I felt as satisfied in level 1 as I did in 10. (And in fact, some of the best content is in the last few levels.) Everything feels alive and dynamic, from the crows to your friendly neighborhood totem. I even felt feelings . In an iOS game. Can you believe that?! Sure, but as I think was discussed on the ATP podcast, it was probably a marketing gaffe more than anything. If they had called it "Monument Valley 2" and charged the same, people probably wouldn't have complained too much, as that sort of branding is more in line with App Store expectations. (Maybe not, though.) In any case, whining aside, I doubt their sales suffered too much! And I'm glad we're getting more high profile pay-up-front games like MV to reset buyers' expectations. It's a puzzle-box/adventure-game-type experience — mostly a beautiful and interesting toy to fiddle with in your hands. Some people enjoy that, others don't. I personally love it, and I can see that a lot of App Store gamers do too. In that particular genre, it's a gem! From what I've read in interviews, the team was comprised of about 6 people, and they didn't do any marketing or advertising. Another recent example of a pay-up-front game hitting it "big" is Wayward Souls by Rocketcat Games (almost $10!!), though they have more of a pedigree. Well, as a long-time gamer who loves these sorts of toy-box games, I'd say it's one of the very best. So THERE! :) For more modest success by an actual one-man developer, you can look at Michael Brough's games. I think he makes a living off of them now, even though they're very niche. I hear the DLC and RED expansion (not for sale anymore?!?) expanded on the mechanics quite a bit. I disagree. There are no "minimum production values" if your game is good enough. A ton of popular indie games today (Hotline Miami, Risk of Rain, Gunpoint, Valdis Story, Terraria, many of Vlambeer's games...) are still made with pixel art using GameMaker, for example. Minecraft succeeded not because it was one out of a hundred block-based games that got lucky, but because it had a perfect mix of simplicity (slick interface and controls), immediacy (play in your browser), wonder (explore forever in any direction), and persistance. I guess you could point to Infiniminer before it, but if you've ever played it, you'll know that it was slow and clunky in a 90's sim-game kind of way. Not OP, but you should totally try Windowsill, Botanicula, and EYEZMAZE's series of GROW Flash games. :) Oh, and Fez, of course. Yeah, if you're looking specifically for 1-person developers, it's hard to find them. But I think that's because most people aren't comfortable making the art or music for their own games. (Or choose not to out of time pressure.) If Derek Yu had chosen to sell the original Spelunky, I think it would have done well. I think Towerfall might count, since I know Matt Thorson has done the art and music for most of his games. Nidhogg has been pretty successful lately, as well as Samurai Gunn. For the record, I don't think pixel art has to be particularly high quality for the game to be successful. Right now I'm playing an alpha of Vagante and having a ton of fun. It's looking like it's gonna be a hit. The graphics are muddy and kind of NES-looking with lots of cheap rotations — and that's OK. > Try making something equivalent yourself this year. I'm actually planning to do just that. So I guess we'll have to see! It's O(whatever algorithm the responder uses), plus a HUUUGE constant for latency and wrong answers. Most of the good mods from the last generation (CS, DoD, TFC, DotA, etc.) were less mods and more total conversions. And you don't need to mod a game to do that these days. The Source engine is free. Unity is free. The Unreal engine is cheap. We have more tools for making fully-fledged games at our disposal than we ever had in the past. I don't think he does the music for most of his games, though.