The Icelandic domestic minister (which handles asylum requests) has announced that Snowden will be treated like any other asylum seeker[1]. That is not good news for Snowden since Iceland's take on asylum seekers is usually to not handle their case at all, or turn them back[2]. However Hanna Birna (the minister) has been highly criticized for her take on the issue, since it clearly contradicts the IMMI initiative ( https://immi.is/ ). And hopes are that the Parliament will handle his case. But in short, the Icelandic government is not going to do anything about Snowden. [1] http://www.visir.is/engin-sermedferd-fyrir-snowden/article/2... (icelandic) [2] some statisstics here ( http://redcross.lausn.is/Apps/WebObjects/RedCross.woa/swdocu... ) in icelandic too. Well, there might be 0.1% chance. I mean, Framsóknarflokkurinn just supported the new constitution, a bill put forward by the Leftist Green. They might yet surprise us. When is it being voted on? Are people going to gather around Alþingi? Has anyone planed anything to push the MP on letting this through? I don't get it, why is it so important to separate our cognitive system into infinite units, one for everything we can feel? Why can't we, as an alternative, not possess two believes at the same time? Composed by different parts of the cognitive system. One for example might go through the frontal lobe and be overwritten by "reason" (if there is such a thing), and the other might go through more rostral regions, and be overwritten by emotions (which, in fact, will manifest it self into muscle movments)? Another alternative might be that the same stimuli manifests it self in different ways at the same time, after going through different coginitive systems (no a/believe construct required). So the fearfull ("irrational") behaviour ("the alive") gets manifested in the sympathetic nervous system (into muscle movements, hormonse, thermo-regualtion),while the vocal ("rational") behaviour ("the be lieve") gets manifested in cognitive systems responsable for speach-like cognitions, i.e. frontal regions. The internet filter at the café I'm connected to at the moment (Stofan in Reykjavík, I'm sure some of you know the place) actually blocked me [following this link]( http://www.siminn.is/lokad-a-sidu/ ). Failing a class doesn't tell me anything. What does it even mean? Did 50% of the student not learn the material, didn't they learn but parts of it, what were the requirements, the criteria for "passing"? Who made that criteria, and what was it based on? A single pass/fail ratio from a single case study doesn't tell me anything. Especially if the data is not explained. I apologize, I'm new to HN, and not familiar with customs, good practice, and such. Perhaps I should have included ´[dev-doc]´ or ´[alpha]´ in the title. I've always been fascinated with naïve set-theory, and how it was refuted after it's apparent inconsistency, the famous Russell's paradox of the set of all sets that don't contain it self, and only contains it self if it doesn't etc. So supposing it's False, yields True, and supposing it's True yields False. But what fascinated me was not the Russell's set, but it's inverse, the set of all sets that contain it self, lets call it S. For the statement S is a member of S —the set of all sets that contain it self, really contains it self— yields True if and only if you suppose it's True, and it yields False if and only if you suppose it's False. S is therefore always consistent no matter the value. Both values are correct, but never at the same time. I don't know particularly what it means, but the fact that you can do this, makes me wonder if this super-consistency is applied anywhere else in the philosophy of science, but nobody has ever realized the equivalent inverse, and therefor never demonstrated the inconsistency. I lived in San Francisco as an illegal immigrant, with a bachelors in psychology and a newly found interest in computer science, not able to enroll to a graduate program—nor undergraduate for that matter, I thought I could volunteer as a research assistant in some lab in the Bay Area. How wrong was I. In the off chance that some professor was interested (some professors are cool people who don't follow customs for the sake of customs), the schools bureaucratic system rendered it impossible for the professor to accept my free (as in beer) service. Now that I'm back in my home country, with it's free (also as in beer) education system, I'm unable to tackle the project I'm interested in, for professors tend not to facilitate projects that don't fit in their narrow field of interest (reads, the main topic of their 10 most resent publishes). The university system truly suppresses spontaneity and unorthodoxy. Even though most of my code is in Python and JavaScript, and probably is going to remain that in the near future, and by far the majority of my Lisp coding is and will remain in ELisp, Scheme is, and most likely will remain, my favourite programming language. I don't use it for any practical reason, on any code that others might pick up on and build on top. I use it purely as a hobbyist language, and for that it's awesome. Scheme is how I learned Computer Science (even though I learned how to program in Python). Scheme is awesome for multiple reasons, more reasons than other languages in my opinion, and popularity is not one of theme. And that is perfectly fine. hmm, you are correct. S really isn't that interesting. And my scepticism towards justification through non-contradiction because of possible super-consistancy is therefor based on false premises. > The most difficult task was to teach them things they were previously taught incorrectly. That is an easy thing to fix. If they take everything the teacher tells them at face value, they are bound to to repeat silly errors (and worse, biases,) in the teachers knowledge. If you teach them that the teacher might err (including you), then it is so much easier for you to demonstrate how they know wrong. Even better, if you fail at something while teaching (everybody do), they will be more likely to correct you, and you will learn something from them . Well, if efficiency is the endgoal here, than bean cultivation seems way more logical answere to beef alternatives than fake meat. You basically take the the food you would otherwice feed your cows, stew it together with some saffran and beet juice (the same colorants as for the fake meat) and you have your economy-burger. No intermediate step which takes 10 times the space of a traditional meat-farm, no anti-biotics, fat-free and no need for any living, breathing animal slughtering. Honestly I cant find a single logical reason why this artificial-meat buisness is a good idea except for "just because we can" Humanity has never -- with the exception of extreme cases, historical or modern -- eaten as much meat as the western man does now [1]. The only reason we eat as much meat as we do, I think, is out of marketing. The perceived need for more meat is therefor to saturate the marked. The problem arising from growing meat consumption include, pollution, maldistribution of food, animal suffering, wasting of land and resources, wasting of water, etc. [1] I suppose I need a reference for this claim, but think in terms of economy and you'll find that no other culture can afford this much land and resorces to go under meat-farming other than current western cultures --edit-- I forgot about humans living in extreme environments that live (by necesity) almost exclusively on meat, like the inuits in Greenland, before major western influence. It doesn't change the fact that the majority of all culteres do, and have in the past, eaten but a porportion of the meat that the average westerners eat today. Stem cells don´t sell unless they come with hamburgers No, I can't find a single logical reason. Saturating peoples appetite for overmarkeded type of food doesn't seem logical to me. Just because people will pay money for it, doesn't make it a good idea. I'm going to make political remark because the issue by its nature is very political. We are wasting time and energy investigating solution to a real problem from the wrong end. Doing science is not enough to solve this problem, we need to do politics too (or social science for that matter). Infact doing science might ultimately lead us to enhance the problem. Now we are looking for a way to make a very wastefull behavior more economy friendly. Meat consumption at the current mass scale is unpresidented and there is no reason to enforce it. Alternatives include alternative diet, less waste, better usage of the food we already grow. We have found brilliant ways to cultivate food at minimum cost, but it is not securing the majority of our species food intake. And the western meat marked might be the biggest factor for this injustice. Now trying to solve it by further saturating the western marked with meat -- a product that is to blame for this mal-distribution of food -- is not going to solve any problem. It is going to shift the attention away from the real issue at hand and further stabilizing a marked that is currently really unfair and damaging. Im sorry for the misuse of the word 'logic'. By 'logic' I ment 'makes human sence'. But I was wrong there too. For investigating in means to satisfy our tastebuts, more economly, sound really human to me. I guess, what I'm saying is simply that the time and effort going into artificial meat, and the promise it is going to generate will probably end up in continued overcomsuption. Totally overshadowing the social consernes. I only wish an investigation into how to behaviorally modify our species from doing wastefull and damaging stuff on mass scale, would get as much funding and attention. > Blaming marketing for meat consumption is somewhat unfair - people love meat - in the past it was reserved for the rich and wealthy Don't be confused, it still is. The sepparation now just spans continents instead of classes. You are right, and I edited me original comment accordingly I'm also really excited about the integration of Julia and IPython. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6173212 Only if the authors are also the copyright holders, ironically that is rarely the case. What is recognition? What are intentions? These terms are void of meaning outside of human context. So if intelligence is defined around those human-centred terms (that are even too vague to account for human-specific intelligence[1]), surely nothing will ever be considered intelligent but a human being. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bell_Curve So what you are saying, is there is a hierarchy of hierarchies. Westerners suppress non-westerners. Within western society, whites suppress non-whites. And within white westerners, the upper-class suppresses lower classes. And within the white- upper-class western society, males suppress females... One can continue. Perhaps there is a tradition of suppression, starting at the bottom and reaching the top. I mean, women are suppressed within all classes, all societies, all races. (Generally speaking of course). Perhaps any kind of repression breeds further repression? My point is. There is no need to stop focusing on systematic suppression on one group, just because other groups are also being suppressed. EDIT: Before anybody comments on this, I know this presented hierarchy doesn't exist. I mean, I could as well have started with, "males suppress females, and within male society western males suppress..." (so there is more like a heap of hierarchies). I just used this as an example to make a point. That is treat a human being like she does not have emotions. That is treat a human being like something that is an object. http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/objectification First, if you define women under the same criteria as objects, then you need to seriously reconsider your vocabulary. The world is different then Java™ will have you believe. In everyday language I talk about objects in terms of things that are not subjects. Subjects are characters --people and non-human animals-- that I attribute personality to, and can identify with. Objects are things that are not subjects. To objectify someone is, by definition, to treat a subject like an object. Heckling and wolf whistling is removing the characteristic of emotions from a subject. It is therefor treating a human being like an object. And, by definition objectifying. Point taken. It's just that the article in question is focusing on a particular kind of suppression. I too live in a country where ageism and xenophobia attribute far more alienation and oppressive behaviour then sexism. But oppression is oppression, and whenever somebody is oppressed, it is worth fighting against, be it general, like you want to fight against, or specific, like this article is fighting against. Sometimes I hear animal right activists argue that there is a direct link between animal oppression and minority oppression. I think they might not be far off. If you have the heart to oppress non-human animals, what's stopping you from oppressing the homeless, and if you have the hart to oppress the homeless, why do immigrants deserve your respect? why do the gays, why do women? I hadn't heard about intersectionality before, but knowing how dynamic the societal hierarchy is, and knowing that individuals are often times worse oppressors then governments, it makes sense that people would cast their oppression in various ways down the hierarchy. According to your theory --of children as free thinkers whose actions represent their own 'free will'-- doesn't account for why advertizement works. If it were true, nobody would spend money on advertizement because everybody's actions is fully controlled by rational thinkers. Nor does your theory account for insanity or stupidity (why do something stupid if you have full control of your actions?) In fact your theory implies that children somehow are agents not affected by outside stimuli. Which would make them unique in nature. Your theory in fact is by far more unbelievable then any theory of the powers of marketing. Just think of two opposing theories. One account scribes that humans are not rational thinkers, our actions constitutes of the stimuli around us. We can be pursued against our best interest. The other accounts for humans having 'free will'. Our free will explains our rational thinking, we will always maximize our utility. Advertizement has no effect if it doesn't meet our utility. Now if you thing about those two theories and compare them. Look at evidences for either ones and evaluate their validity, surely you must come to the conclusion that either we humans are special in nature of being able not to respond to stimuli due to some 'free will apparatus' or, more likely, marketing agents have the ability to control us. Or at least, by Okham's razor, the media explanation is the more plausible one. Doesn't falsify my point. If everybody was rational, then no advertising would perform signalling function if it wouldn't serve to maximize our utility. Can you explain where the definition gets circular so I can fix it, I'm sorry, but I can't find it. 1. An object is something that is not a subject. 2. A subject is a character, something I can identify with, something I can attribute some characteristic to. 3. To objectify is to remove from a subject the characteristics that makes it a subject. I stopped doing math when I was 18, and did an undergrad in psychology. Now I am doing a second undergrad, this time in math. Coming back in after a decade of absence wasn't difficult at all (but then again undergrad is somewhat easier then grad school), and it was definitely worth it. Horizontal web layouts are awesome. A petty how difficult they are to achieve, this one does it well. It is beautiful, both the layout and the contents. The only thing, I wished down scroll would take me left, since thats the intuitive continuation direction. >> What's easier for humans is subjective. What's easier for computers is objective. Just want to point out that perhaps we humans are not as subjective as our intuition indicates. The third rear brake light make car's stopping distance shorter. There are human (psychological) reasons for that. I mean you could do objective approach all you want to make traffic safer, like build better brakes, but ultimately, humans control cars, humans have biased (arguably fixed) way of thinking, and there are ways to create interfaces that makes use of that bias. 1-based indexing makes ton of sense when your tool is meant for human use, because most of us is biased towards start counting at 1, objectively at least. See, copyright violation has a well defined term, namely "copyright violation". Piracy means something completely different (an act of robbery or criminal violence at sea). Despite negative connotations "hacking" still means expanding the usage of an object and "terrorism" still means enforcing ones ideals through violence . So these comparisons are not valid. EDIT: To make my point clear. When clicking the link, I thought the article was literally about pirates, that is sea criminals (or perhaps the political party). If only the author would have used the more descriptive, and more correct term "copyright infringement" I would have been less confused. So usage of the word " piracy " in this context is both damaging, wrong and confusing. It's true, even though humans and computers are two very different things, we both share the fact that we are hard wired to do some things (detecting lines and motion in the human case). I guess the discussion above is not the best example since the symbol "1" just some abstract symbol that represents a lot of things (including a unit; and a base for counting), one can just as easily use the symbol "0" for that (although it is counter to the standard notation, and will need some getting used to). In fact, it would be an interesting neuroscientifical research to measure the neurological activity that the symbol "1" and "1ˢᵗ" trigger in a programmers brain inside the context of a prose or written English language, and compare it to the activity the symbol `a[0]` triggers inside the context of code. Note that Class based != Object Oriented. Also note that theories that have tried to categories real world objects into classes have a tendency to fail (although they also have a tendency to become enormously popular [see Platon and Aristoteles fx.]). So the claim that classes allows you to model a problem in real-world terms, is most likely false. See for example http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.56.... for a review. – All things being equal, the simpler explanation tends to be the true – There exist a big culture and history of land theft in the Americas by the white upper class from the 16th century until present time. Now there exist no evidence of extra-terrestrials. So I personally belief the post's explanation over yours. Mugging is an act of violence. It violates the victims freedom of action and causes great damage. Squatting is a non-violent act. It provides shelter to someone who didn't have it before. The owner of the shelter can be unaware of the fact that his property is being used for several months, emphasizing the lack of damage by the act. Evicting a squatter, on the other hand, causes damage to the victim in fact, it removes a shelter from someone. So mugging and squatting are two very different acts May I note that theft, invasion of privacy, and vandalism are all violent crimes that causes harm to the victim[1]. Those crimes can follow almost any human acts, such as partying (party people mug), alcohol consumption (drunk people steal), protests (politically opposing people vandalize), but you wouldn't say those things are equal, you would look at these marginal cases as a subset and to be treated as separate acts. In short. Squatting is sometimes, but rarely followed with more violent and damaging crimes. But squatting in it self are not those crimes. --- [1] with exception, of course, in the case of vandalism, if no the "owner" is oblivious of its value, or when vandalism acts to prevent further vandalism, like the destruction of military tools and weapons. No. In case of burglary, the victim looses its possession. In the case of squatting, the possession is still theirs. It is only the status of the property that changes from "vacant" to "in use". Note that the change of status is temporary and reversible (as opposed to burglary). Again, squatting is not the issue, but human decency. If the owner would give her/his consent, it would be really hard for a squatter (given that she/he has human decency) to oppose eviction, given a good reason for why she/he has to leave. I don't know. Threre are numerous examples of a consent being given after squatters move in. In most cases the owner has nothing to loose, so a consent makes perfect sense if you want to keep good comunication with those who are using your property. again squatting != theft. Those are sepperate issues. Just because there are evil squatters out there, it doesn't make squatting evil. again. Squatting != theft/vandalism. plus I have no empathy towards folks that have property they don't use, and then actively engage in preventing others from using it, and then finally complain about how difficult it is to prevent other people to use their property they don't use in the first place. Note that most talk about marginal groups are based on selection bias. In the case of a squatter, the selection bias is usually towards the graffitying, punk who steals, dopes and vandalizes. The comment above was just presenting an anectode against the prevaling prejudice (which in turn are based on other anectodes). Funny you should say that since "property is theft!" is one of the earliest slogan in the anarchist literature and is often quoted by squatters advocates :-) What you have to consider, though, is the fact that not all property is equal. There is a difference between owning a toothbrush, and owning slaves. Equalling all property would be identifying a policeman's action of emancipating a prostitute from her pimp as theft of property, which of course is nonsense. To give an example. Imagine you go to a country where slavery is legal, disgusted by their treatment you join some activists that emancipates slaves. Now you are stealing the slaveholders property and therefor committing a crime. Are you going to hold that crime at par with stealing someones money, or someones bicycle? Now this is an extreme example, but a few hundred years ago it wouldn't be so far out, and slave emancipators, now considered heroes, were then considered criminals? Same may hold a few hundred years from now in case of land. Land hording is criminal, it keeps other people of it. It could and should be used for the great of the community. Squatting a few hundred years from now may be looked at as land emancipation, even though now it is as criminal as stealing a bike. I didn't do trig until after I had finished BS in psychology. Rather I learned it from Khan academy, Wikipedia, and the like. During my second BS (this time in math) a colleague was amazed at my inside and intuition to trig, even though he had taken as much math prior to Uni as he could, and I hadn't. Just to give an anecdote of the inverse. Since when was 'free will' a criteria for property?? So you couldn't own a dog, you couldn't own farm animals? If that is not a fair comparison (since farm animals arguably don't have free will), then who is to say that slaves do? I use IPython/SymPy for the same purpose. It is nice to be able to do these calculations on my local machine, in stead of relying on an internet conection. Plus I get the powers of Python to back me up if I want to do anything more compilcated. I see that some professors (not in my school though) publish they’re lecture notes as IPython notebooks. That is super clever and allows interactivity with the lecture material. I don’t know the mobile/tablet support of IPython notebook however. Perhaps if universities would robustly seed their staffs and students torrents? Not to mention how awesome they become when you feed them as a set of values to a function. values = (f(x) for x in list) g(*values) I'm sorry for commenting around your main point, but I have a question regarding the safety of GMOs, since biologists are keen on declaring them "safe". So there are ample evidence for the safety of their consumption. But is that the only criteria for safety? Is GMO safe for business? Are there social risks? Is there a risk of monopoly? Is it safe for the environment? Are butterfly spices at risk? Are less thorough plants loosing migration from escaped GMO plants? I'm asking since there seems to be a really anthropocentric definition of "safety" at work here. In fact, there seems to be a really western centric definition. Is it really safe for the food production of this world to invest such time and money in an unsound production process, that is likely to leave the business of food production in few hands with minimum diversity for land use? Or is "safe to eat" enough to conclude the debate? Thanks for this good and thorough answer. And sorry again I derailed your main point. Actually it does sharpen my calc skills. Now I can do more experiments, better visualizations, I can try something out and see if I'm wrong. All that helps on accumulating insight. Plus, if knowing your tools makes a good carpenter, why is it different with mathematicians. From my experience YES! Before I start, I'd like to note that I am a young white, non-handicapped male. Most of my participation in the shared economy comes from hitchhiking, and I've done a lot of it. Only once has a car stopped that had a black passenger in it. I don't think that black people are racist towards white hitchhikers, but I think there is a deep barrier of trust at issue. Black people do experience racism at so many levels of society, that when it comes to shearing excess resource with some white opportunists.. HELL NO!, I wouldn't do it. I'm not saying that black drivers are racist towards white hitchhikers. I'm trying to demonstrate that there is a huge racial gap in our societal battery. White people are privilege enough to be able to trust a fellow citizen. Normally, experience tells black people not to. ps. The same can be said about women, handicapped, and the homeless. But definitely the case of black discrimination is one of the most severe there. pps. The pattern I described seems to brake with anarchist and charity groups. I've done food-not-bombs, homes-not-jails, occupy, and there blacks, whites, women, etc. participate together in a shared ecosystem. I wonder why? I second that No, you've got it wrong. A p -value of .05 means that given a true null-hypotheses, you have a 5% chance of getting this result anyway. That is, if there is no difference in the population mean, than you still have a 5% chance of finding a sample that contains this difference anyway. Do you see the difference. The p -value doesn't tell you anything about the population, it only gives you information about your sample -- a confusion that this article was pinpointing. So what the 29% is telling you is that, the chances of finding a statistically significant result ( p = 0.05 ) given a population factor of µ = 0 are up to 29%. Whereas given a population factor of µ = 0 the chances of getting a significant result ( p = 0.05 ) is 5%. EDIT: erased a wrong and confusing claim. It's a pity I can't answer on the SE but I have experience in this matter, I came to the US (through Newark) once with a visa to stay for 6 months, without proof of financial support, without contact information for somebody in the US, reluctance to tell my purpose, and a tent as my means of accommodation. I was taken to a back room where they were going to deny me entry, but I manage to persuade them that I had an uncle living in Texas and a friend in Oregon. So my advice is, go there without money, accommodation, contacts or purpose, and they won't let you in. Doing linear algebra -> Julia twiddling data tables making plots -> python/numpy/matplotlib abstract math/calculus -> python/sympy statistics/quick data analysis -> R I was thinking more in the line of "is Betteridge's law correct?" Really nice. Why did you skip the media query though? @media only screen and (min-width: 35em) { /* responsive styles */ } @media print { /* printed styles */ } Thanks for telling me, In fact I did send a pull request on the matter. (Although I don't understand the down-vote for stating a constructive criticism, what if I didn't know the vocabulary for media queries and was genuinely hoping to learn it on this site?). What about having your text editor do the build for you (use `.dir-locals.el` in emacs to compile your less on save for example) This isn't just about the Occam's Razor. The author goes through a thorough analysis of the evidence. Surely a forged video is a simpler explanation, but given the fact that the trajectory and the timing of the rock matches a simulated timing and trajectory and timing of a gravel falling out of the parachute, than the most probable explanation is the stowaway piece of gravel. Different platforms different designs. The web is not a printed page. TeX was not designed for the web and HTML is not intended for a well typeset print. Although It would be nice if my HTML would compile to TeX when a user presses the `print` button on their browser. Yeah, I wished that the rST .. math:: directive would use ascii math. firefox 29 on ubuntu 14.04. Unable to scroll right when the tree expands past the windows width. Julia !(a::Int) = !bool(a) !0 + 2 + 2 ##> 5 I don't think so. If you look at theatre for comparison (which is also an act of storytelling), most plays are simple amateur pieces, that anybody with some skills and knowledge can put together. However there are also very expensive professional theaters that that sometimes tell the same stories as the amateurs for many thousands times the cost of the amateur pies. Yet expensive theatre is found in every major city. To keep the analogy, NY-times is doing web-page stories Broadway-style. Perhaps they found an unexplored marked, perhaps it is too soon. But sooner or later, the art-form of story telling on the web is going to be taken to the next level done by professionals for a lot more money than any amateurs telling the same story. This is not how advertisements work. You're not "persuaded" by a single ad. Rather you are primed into believing it. A few days (or even hours) after you've seen an ad, you forget the source, but the content remains in your memory. The next time you see similar content, it will be more likely to stick. This goes on a few iterations, and pretty soon, out of a given population, the average individual is more likely to behave as suggested by the advertisement. What you thing during the advertisement is only secondary. Well you are more likely to read a seemingly handwritten letter then a printed one. That alone will expose a greater proportion to the content, where they'll be primed to certain keywords more likely to be picked up at a later through a mass broadcasted medium. And by that time, perhaps they'll relate that keyword to some personalized source, hence, a greater effect. You know, just like coupons relate a sense of favor to keywords/logos and therefor have a greater effect on persuasive power of a given proportion of the population. So people misquote Aristoteles, so what? His philosophy is over 2000 years old, and severely outdated. Even if he didn't say a bunch of the non sense that is often attributed to him, he still said a lot of non sense. Perhaps not his fault (I'm sure in the year 4000 Bertrand Russel and Ludwig Wittgenstein will be considered obsolete gibberish). The point is that attributing truth value to authority is bad. Western science halted for many centuries because truth value was given to what Aristoteles said (or didn't say). I suppose that the OP has learned her/his lesson by not trusting Bertrand Russel on the claims. But he/she is then just re-iterating Russel's point. Don't base truth on authority. When you think in types rather then objects it makes more sense. Or at least I think `+(u, v)` or `u + v`, is more natural then `u.plus(v)` or `u.+(v)` I the former case u and v are of numeric types that fulfil some numeric properties, so no interfaces are necessary, they are implied. I was homeless (living in a bus) with my girlfriend in San Francisco two years ago for 6 months and finding showers and shaving was one of the more difficult of necessities. There was a homeless facility in our neighbourhood (the Mission) that offered showers on Tuesdays and Thursdays, I usually went once a week. There was also girls only facility that my girlfriend used on Wednesday. Theoretically We could have taken the muni to other parts of the city for showers on other days, but the time and effort is usually not worth it (there is usually some 1-2 hours of waiting list involved). Other times we went to San Francisco State University for a shower. Although it's far away, the facilities are so comfy and sufficient compared to the homeless facilities that it is worth the trip, especially for shaving. Toilets were less of a problem, we used cafés, public parks, constructions porter potties (non-padlocked), and grocery stores. And laundry was no problem at all (we just used the coin-ups). I definitely agree with greater variability of sanitation possibilities. Especially when it comes to showers. Well, I was immigrating to USA from Iceland to live with my girlfriend who was studying at SF-State. She had only a room that she was renting, and her landlord didn't want an extra person staying there. We decided to by a VW van simply to avoid paying rent. It was a really good decision. We didn't have much money, but had enough to live comfortably. In fact it is really easy to live in San Francisco without spending any money. I cooked for food not bombs, we dumpster-dove at Rainbows, got more fruit and veggies at The free farmstand, and went out to dinner every Tuesday at Curry without Worry (I recommend it for everybody). I even acquired my tech skills at Noisebridge. We had a kitchen in our bus, so we cooked most of our food. We even made homemade jam and tried to make granola in our van. We had a french press, on sometimes invited friends and our neighbours over for coffee. We even had internet most of the time (donated by friendly neighbours at the pipe organ factory). We had planned for me to successfully immigrate (that is legally, we got married and all) but the bureaucracy and the money and uncertainty it would have taken was overwhelming (marriage is not enough if you don't have money). So we just decided for me to stay there illegally while she finished her school. We moved to Reykjavík before I had overstayed for too long (6 months have no severe consequences for a white boy like me), where I work at a small startup as a web-developer and designer. It was really wonderful times. In fact the freedom of owning your own place (that is our car) was awesome. Of course there were difficult moments, not being able to shower frequently was one of them. But all in all the experience was good. As for whom to help if you care about the homeless. In my view just general good manners are always the first thing that I thing of. Not to call the police on people would be a good start. Oh yes, and if you have a business that throws away food don't lock the dumpstes. Organizations like Food not Bombs, and Homes not Jails are really helpful. Of course my experience is radically different from people that become homeless out of desperation, and in fact their experience is radically different from people that become homeless out of drug addiction or mental health problems (which is also a really varied group). Exaggeration is a well known and powerful poetic tool. Although hate is not an exaggeration of what is going on, it is an emotionally loaded term that delivers the message clearly. You get all the relevant information from the context, and you get the urgency, and the disgracefulness of the act by using poetic replacement terms. Yes, this is precisely the case she should be making. Technology, protocols, and vulnerabilities are ethically agnostic, people aren't (short of psychopaths). There are always going to be exploitations of vulnerabilities, and there are always going to be vulnerabilities to be exploited. But sexual harassment is an ethical issue, that civil humans ought to vomit upon. It ought to be as criminal as trafficking. People doing it shouldn't get away with it, they ought to exposed as the psychopaths they are. Unfortunately in the case of revenge port, they aren't. And worse, by tackling this as an "hacking issue", you are keeping it that way. Number 1) could just as easily be done by the top management, and 4) by the workers. That leaves middle management only facilitating the voice of the worker, which is often time only an illusion anyway. Actually, pagans (at least some) celebrate jól during the solstice (december 21). Christianity plus the Gregorian calendar moved it 4 days to late. Thanks for the tip, It happened when I tried it on Windows, I think it was the babelify compilation. It should be fixed by now No! you can't compare these two scenarios. When urban population is resettled, first, it's also really unfair and shouldn't happen. Second, they're not nearly as dependent on the land as the Chaigos islanders. Third the resettlement is most often to a similar environment. Also, the argument about the late first population is silly. You wouldn't do this to any person. These are people, who's lifes have been ruined, and you can't do that to anybody. No matter if they are indigenous, 2nd generation immigrants, descendants of slave trade, or what ever. You don't do this to any people. You can see the video here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkBpummjR5I I'd think you should use flexbox for what it's good at --calculating and distributing the available space on it's children-- and grid for what it's good at --enforcing strict and precise layout outlines--. I gave these kind of semantic spaces meaning when I wrote another implementation of AsciiMath[1] because I found it so intuitive. So `1-2 / 3-4 = (1-2) / (3-4)` but `1 - 2/3 - 4 = 1 - (2/3) - 4` like you'd expect. [1]: http://runarberg.github.io/ascii2mathml/ All changes will disrupt someones workflow[1]. I suppose browsers are no exception. 1: https://xkcd.com/1172/ Then there is the leading dots as commonly seen in tables of contents http://jsfiddle.net/hmquvmvp/ I'd think economics should be about describing systems in terms of cost, and finding how much a certain action will cost or profit the system. There is tons of economy to be found in the natural world, and it is mostly shunned by economists, and left to the naturalists. I don't know of any other science that ignores the natural world like that. And yes I see a problem with that. The probability of being wrong becomes huge. What good is an abstraction if it's wrong? I've been toying with a web app[1][2] using hyper[3] as for http connections and ws[4] for web socket connections. This was my first project using anything lower level than Javascript. I had a fairly good experience, my problems stemmed more from not knowing the least bit about memory management rather than lack of libraries. In fact the libraries that are already there tend to be very well documented, with lots of examples and explanations. 1: http://theremins.club 2: https://github.com/runarberg/theremins 3: https://crates.io/crates/hyper 4: https://crates.io/crates/ws function man { cat I have a problem with that approach as it superimposes the fifth level modifier key with the meta (alt) motifier key. When running my ubuntu I can rearrange the modifier keys that fits my use case the best (Caps lock and AltGr as ISO_Level_5, left Alt and right Super as Meta, etc) under OSX those all become the same key, and I either loose the ability to write common characters as `@` (AltGr + q), `}` (AltGr + 0) or the ability to execute common commands with simple key strokes like "Fill paragraph" (Meta + q) or "Forward word" (Meta + f). This non-sense has resulted in most of my co-workers swapping keyboards altogether with the English keyboard and writing the ascii equivalent of special letters (ae → æ, d → ð, þáði → tadi, etc.) because swapping keybards (even though it is only one command; Shift + Option + Space) becomes such a pain if you have to do so many times over the day. Imho, clearfix as a solution to a problem that existed before CSS3, when people used the `float` role to align things in a row -- when time came to stop the alignment behavior, you applied a clearfix. Today, you really only float things that have a block flow inside an inline context, like asides, pictures, blockquotes, etc. You don't really need clearfix since your inline content should just flow around it. If you are using floats on entire sections you are obviously doing something wrong, and you ought to ask your self if `display: flex` on the parent wouldn't be a better fit. I don't know about that. It should be fairly easy to study (and hence replicate). 1. Find a group of animals (preferably humans, but dogs, rats, pigeons, etc. should also work just fine). 2. Target a specific unnecessary behavior pattern (hobby) that all individual engage in. 3. Measure the baseline rate of that activity. 4. Introduce a reward: 4a. For a randomly selected subset the reward follows imminently the targeted behavior. 4b. For the rest they'll receive the "reward" equally often but at a time independent of the targeted behavior. 5. Drop the reward. 6. Let some time pass. 7. Measure the drop/increase in the behavior from the baseline measure. --- [edit] format. Thank you. This was a very informative read indeed. I'm currently in the process of rewriting a hobby compiler[1] that I hacked together over a year ago. This time I wanted to do it properly, and hence have been scouting on the web for a short, concise and to the point, tutorial that briefly explains most of the important concepts that I need to know be for I begin. This was exactly that tutorial. [1]: https://github.com/runarberg/ascii2mathml Not to mention numerous migrations over the Bering, one of the most resent, the Inuit migration, happened around the same time as the Norse explorations. I wrote a clone1[1] of asciimath recently that aims to be just a little bit better then asciimath. It only targets MathML though. [1]: https://runarberg.github.io/ascii2mathml > With a paper map what you see is what you get. That is not true. A good paper (road) map has three zoom levels. 1) A major map covering most of one side of the paper, with enough information to get you easily across the focus area of the map. 2) Often on the side a smaller, sparser macro area map, showing only the freeways and the major cities/towns, often spanning a slight larger area than the main map. 3) A few downtown/focus maps, that are far more detailed than the main map, showing more rodes (sometimes walking paths, and bike lanes, house outlines, etc.). Often on the side along with the macro level map, or on the back next to the index. And 4) a really good paper map has also a macro level public transportation map (often on the back as well) at a zoom level between (1) and (2). No, for their "Jaldi" font they simply use: font-family: "Jaldi script=latin rev=2" However, they are replacing what they think is a missing glyph with an image. For example, if I type the letter "r" while keeping the DOM inspector open, I see the text node containing the letter for a moment before it is replaced with an image element: This is most likely a javascript bug doing a false negative failed progressive enhancement. We already have Object.keys()[1], and Object.values()[2] and Object.entries()[3] are in the stage 4 proposal[4] and should be safe to polyfill. [1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... [2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... [3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... [4]: https://github.com/tc39/proposal-object-values-entries and the HN discussion -> https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10786411 > I personally like just writing fractions of a full turn Well just multiply your fraction with τ = 2π and you get radians. E.g. a whole revolution is τ radians (or 360°), half a revolution is ½τ radians or (180°), etc. > Some rare lights stay red forever if you don't activate the thing. This is the most annoying thing about pedestrian lights here in Reykjavík. Reykjavík has all kinds of button behavior. Some actually stop traffic almost immediately. Others look identical, and don't actually do anything (except trigger a soft sound and a vibration when the light goes green). Then there are others that are hybrid of the two and let you wait for the surrounding traffic lights before turning green. This wait is seemingly random and can be up to two minutes. This is a terrible user experience. There is no way of telling how (or whether) a light behaves after you press the button. People are Pavlovian and gradually learn not to press the buttons from the placebo once, and then transfer that behavior to the hybrid ones, and won't cross until someone from the other side finally presses the button. I'm really excited about the Web Audio API. I have always been fond of music but never really played an instrument. Recently I made a conscious decision to learn how to make music, including sound synthesis and music theory. The browser still remains my only instrument, but it is a pretty nice instrument. I admin that I wish I had a more rabid feedback and more fluid way of experimenting (something you get with physical instruments). But with the power of javascript and some HTML and CSS I can simply write my own instruments for the task at hand. So far learning music through the Web Audio API has been a pleasant experience. Do you have any advice for me, who want to gradually get into modular analog physical synthesizers, but doesn't want to spend to much money just yet? I looked for music theory classes on youtube. I found a lot that looked bad, but one I found worth perusing[1]. (A word of warning. It is really corny, but I find him adorable). For sound synthesizes I've had an easier time (I just wish I could get my hands on some analog modules). I've been reading Gordon Reid's Synth Secret[2], recommended often here on HN. And if you know javascript and the DOM I do recommend the docs on the Web Audio API, both on MDN[3], and the W3C spec[4] and implementing the modules described in the Synth Secrets. The API maps very nicely (at least in the eyes of a novice) to how modular synthesizers work. [1]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLB585CE43B02669C3 [2]: http://www.soundonsound.com/techniques/synth-secrets [3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_A... [4]: https://webaudio.github.io/web-audio-api/ Grapevine is one of the better journalistic medium in the country. I (an Icelander) often trust Grapevine more then the traditional media. Especially when covering politics or other serious matters (like refugees), Grapevine shines over the traditional media. But most of Grapevines content belongs to this cute or fun news category. In this instance, they source the government radio (RÚV)[ http://www.ruv.is/frett/flytja-inn-klaka-i-tonnavis ], which is definitely a trusted source. So yes, apparently we do import ice-cubes "by the tonnes". Although, personally, I didn't even know they sold ice-cubes in a plastic bags at the store. A simple heading (` Table of content `, ` Content `, ` Articles `, ` Links `) should get the message across. --- Edit: Added an example. > We are shipping a fix for a very common issue: if you're using a foreign keyboard , such as Portuguese, Norwegian, Swedish etc, you weren't able to type some characters like á, ä, ~ and so on. That's not the case anymore! emphasis mine. I have to say I'm pretty tired of this attitude that the whole world should use the anglo-centric defaults (but in case you won't we add support for you later). Regrettably most of us developers (even those of us who live in non-english speaking counties and don't speak english natively) seem to just "settle" for the english keyboard layouts when we are developing. We tell our self that the english layout is "superior for programming". Perhaps we are correct (I doubt we are), but that is irrelevant. When we think like that we are causing accessibility problems to a huge portion of the users of our products. What bothers me most, as an Icelandic developer who prefers my native keyboard layout, is how we shun ISO third level shifts[1]. For example, when I type TILDE (U+007E; ~), I press and hold the third level shift (remapped to ; traditionally ), press and release , and release the third level shift. Most English speaking developers use the ANSI keyboard layout[2], which historically doesn't have a notion of third level shift. Mac OS X is a terrible perpetrator by mapping the third level shift to the key, which also serves as a modifier. I never know when I type COMMERCIAL AT (U+0040; @) ( + Q) whether I will input the character or quit the program. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO/IEC_9995#Levels_.28.E2.80.... [2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keyboard_layout#/media/File:AN... --- Edit: Formatting I used to like the style of space padded block statements but not object literals: foo(function() { return {num: 3}; }); I used that a lot when writing code that used D3. But since arrow functions, I hardly ever use a single line block statements, so this style is obsolete. I always presumed that the œ ligature was later collapsed into ø, which is how Danish and Norwegians write the letter ö. Kabyle has about 20 times more native speakers than my native language, Icelandic. In contrast I have been using software in my native language for as long as I remember. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kabyle_language Usefulness includes: * You like to own your own music files * You like to listen to music in without depending on an internet connection * You don't like to waste bandwidth * You don't like to depend on an external service / walled garden. I think that streaming services like spotify are kind of like american cable television. It brings music to the masses. But I bet they are going to slowely diminish in popularity, making way for the next mass consumer revolution. In the mean time real music lovers have all their CD's and records ripped and stored on their hard-drives (or SSDs; or whatever). And are going keep on listening that way when someone else makes a similar statement about streaming services as you made about locally stored music files. While I do think that drivers that speed should be ticketed, I have to note that it is a really expensive and ineffective way to reduce speed. A simpler and more effective solution is to alter the roads in such a way that people simply do not drive faster than x k∕h. You can do it by narrowing the road, adding a roundabout, elevated crosswalks, a bike-lane separated with pretty flower pots, etc. I'm pretty sure leaking a sex video without consent is already illegal in most countries. And you can sue the other party for a lot more severe crimes than copyright damages. One of my earlier programming experience was writing a more expressive alternative to ascii math [1]. I learned later that this was also the first compiler that I ever write. It fixes some of the shortcomings of asciiMath, like you should never have to resort to latex like syntax, you can enter Unicode characters directly, and it has a nice mapping to MathML. 1: https://runarberg.github.io/ascii2mathml/ Regardless of the validity of the premise, the conclusion—and the point—of the article is valid. Debating over the definition of planets is silly. It feels as if this is done just so school children can pass astronomy tests by residing the names of all 8 planets. Otherwise there is no point in holding this definition, or any definition for that matter. It is a known problem classifying most natural phenomena is at best difficult—but most likely impossible—to do so under a simple definition. What most naturalists do is to holding a set of common beliefs over what belongs in which category. For example, there is no easy definition of a bird. Rather we have a set of common beliefs over which animals can rightly be called a bird. Worse, the set of “common beliefs” varies depending on field of interests. Some people might talk about viruses as “living” because that servers their purpose (it makes their work easier; it makes more sense) while other wont. I hope that we soon stop this silly debate. Our definition of a planet will not hold for long. The more planets we discover the weaker the current definition will become (this is the authors point). When that happens I bet people will talk about Pluto (and Eris, Sedna, etc.) as a planet just because it matches peoples idea of what a planet is. Just like people talk about viruses as living organisms just because it fits nicely into what we think life is. --- edit: grammar > There's a choice to be made, either Pluto, Eris, Haumea, Makemake and Ceres are all planets or none of them are. This is half true. We don't strictly need a clear definition of a natural phenomena. Just look at the trouble we are having defining life. In fact, it might prove to be impossible to derive a solid definition. Yet most of us agree that all animals are living organisms, but fire isn't. In my view Pluto, Eris, Haumea, Makemake, etc. are all planets. Just because they fit my idea of what a planet is. I am less keen on grouping Ceres with them (but the reason is that I was raised knowing that it was an asteroid, so I am willing to reconsider). If voyager 1 stumbles upon an earth size spherical body in (say) 50 years, I will want to consider it a (rouge) planet, even though it is missing some criteria for the current definition. We can indeed call Pluto a planet and Ceres an asteroid. That is only consistent with how we treat most other categories of natural phenomena. The same can be said about birds. You can say that for an animal to be considered a bird it: a) has to have feathers, b) has to have warm blood, c) cannot have claws on its wings, d) cannot have teeth. But than you find one animals that we can all agree is a bird that has claws on its wings while still a chick (will it grow up to become a bird?). So you use a new definition. Bird are evolutionary descendant some reptiles had contained feathers and warm blood. This will (mostly) hold out until we discover some extinct groups of reptiles that had feathers and warm blood. Note though how vague the latter definition is. It has to be. Because we cannot derive at a solid definition of a bird that encapsulates all animals that we can consent on calling a bird. Well: $ curl https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/legal/terms/services/ | xmllint --html --xpath "//main/descendant::*/text()" - 2> /dev/null | wc -w 1232 So at most 1232 words in the terms of service for using firefox. Seems manageable, even in legalese. edit: code sample Nothing is stopping you from authoring your math however you like as long as there are tools that support the translation[1]: [1]: http://fred-wang.github.io/TeXZilla/ If I remember correctly iOS is the only platform were that limitation ever existed. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12517000/no-sound-on-ios... I think that is cheating, because after the recasting is done you are left with a single piece. The instructions clearly say 4 pieces ;) Especially diff. The single thing that annoys me with tabs is the fill behavior. The tab stop is not affected by the leading ‘+’ or ‘-’ in the start of the line which can lead to some weird looking code like : function foo() { - if (baz) { + if (bar) { baz(); } } If a tool is not set up to deal with this problem (for example `git config core.pager less -S -x1,5` for a 4 space tab stop, `less -S -x4` makes the first second line above indent with 3 not 4 spaces). This is also a problem if a line is merged to the line above and an unaware developer leaves a tab character—previously used as indentation—thinking it is a space character. To the developer with the tab-stop set to four there is a one in a four chance they look identical. That is very nice. Here from Reykjavík, Iceland, you can see Snæfellsjökull on a clear day (about 118 km away; featured in Jules Vernes’ “Journey to the Center of the Earth”), and it seems very far away indeed. I can only imagine 216, or let alone 500+ km distances. If I remember correctly, the array methods `.includes`, `.every`, and `.some` were renamed because of collision with prototype.js's `.contains`, `.all`, and `.any` respectively. Another upside of the proposal is that if you need to reuse the fetch promise somewhere else it will retain the reject status if the promise fails. The proposal is more akin to: fetch(...) .then(response => { closeThatLoader(); return success(response); }) .catch(error => { closeThatLoader(); throw error; }); The actual proposal[1] is currently on stage 3 on the standards tract[2]. Meaning that the spec is complete and further refinement will require feedback[3]. Should I be a little surprised to see this enabled by default before it reaches stage 4 (ready for inclusion in the next version of the standard)? [1]: https://github.com/tc39/proposal-promise-finally [2]: https://github.com/tc39/proposals/blob/master/README.md [3]: https://tc39.github.io/process-document/ I suppose it will simply add two side-effects to the last link in the promise chain: $ node --harmony_promise_finally -e ' Promise .resolve() .finally(() => console.log("foo")) .finally(() => console.log("bar")); ' foo bar Alcoholism is a very serious but very treatable disorder. If you suspect you might be developing alcoholism there is no shame in seeking advice from a medical professional. It doesn't sound like you have a problem with your drinking but having a professional diagnose if this can turn into a problem is a good precaution if you suspect you might get sick. A common myth about alcoholism is that it is a personality trait, and people who are alcoholics will always be one. This is incorrect. It is a disorder that one develops and is treatable. If untreated one can be sick for the rest of ones life. The consequences can be severe, including the loss of your job and even your family. As said before, it doesn't sound like you are terribly sick. A good thing to know is that you are not alone. Many people have this disorder and are actively seeking help. As with other disorders, a professional opinion is always better then self diagnostic. Indeed, there are people who biologically predisposed to alcoholism and other addiction disorders. It is believed that genetically some people are more likely to develop alcoholism than others. This is true. However, this is no different than other disorders that some people have genetic disposition towards, but are still highly treatable, like diabetes or depression. A fun relevant fact: Denmark sold today's U.S. Virgin Islands in 1916 for $25M ($600M today) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_the_Danish_West_Indi... You don't need a shower after bike ride on a level surface less then 10 km. Unless maybe you have a heavy headwind. That is what Iceland did. Before the 1960's Iceland observed the daylight saving hour by switched from Iceland standard time (GMT-1) to GMT. In 1968 however, Iceland decided to stay on the daylight saving hour making true noon in Reykjavík often around 13:30. Having grown in those hours I have to say it kind of sucks. You wake up in darkness most of the year. If you wake up at 7:00 local time, that means you wake up at 5:30 solar time. There are loud voices (including psychologists and medical experts) that are advocating for moving Iceland back to Icelandic standard time (UTC-1). They claim the lack of sunshine can have detrimental effect on the sleeping cycle and therefor the general health of the population. Adding an extra hour of sun in the morning might be helpful for the general population. I suppose you can use `git log -- path/to/specific/project` to get a specific history. I think you can just use headless firefox[1] or headless chrome[2]. [1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Firefox/Headless_mode [2]: https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/04/headless-c... Iceland went to a permanent DST (GMT) back in the 60’s. But health officials are seriously advocating moving Iceland back closer to the solar noon (GMT-0100). Apparently consistently waking up way before sun rise may have negative consequences on the general public. Not so fast. Having grown up in a permanent DST on the 63th parallel, I can say that waking up and walking to school in constant darkness is also quite depressing. So much so that health officials in Iceland are now debating towards moving Iceland back closer to the solar noon (GMT-0100 from GMT) citing public health reasons. On the contrary Iceland, which is currently on permanent DST is considering moving the clock back an hour, getting closer to solar noon, because it turns out constantly waking up in darkness might have bad effects on the the general health of the population. You might think you prefer sunlight after work. But it seems the scientific consensus is shifting towards believing the contrary. And having lived most of my life in permanent DST, I can honestly say I agree with this shifting scientific consensus. Its funny, when I landed my first job as a software developer, in a statistical startup, I learned about promises using d3.queue[1]. This was before javascript had native promises, and around the javascript community was settling on A+ promises. But d3 was how I learned to write asynchronous code without relying solely on callbacks. [1]: https://github.com/d3/d3-queue Please, I have been looking for a descent music player for a while (since my Creative Zen had a hard drive failure). Did you get yours new or used (if so, which brand? how much money? where from?), did you hack it together your self (if so how)? Well many millions of years ago there was no Antarctica. Perhaps a civilization came about when there was only one continent, which has happened a few times throughout the earths history. Why would a civilization even be terrestrial, wouldn't an ocean living civilization be even more likely? Why does a civilization need to invent agriculture. Perhaps ever evolving hunting technics or even just a sudden massive change in diet could free up enough time for a mass population of a species to start concentrating their efforts on cross societal constructions. I'm not saying that there was an ancient aquatic civilization of squids that mutated plankton to swim to their mouths. But if we want to ask such an extraordinary question, we must not limit our self in such a way that it makes it easier to deny it. I might have a mild face blindness. I was never diagnosed, and might never be. This has never affected me in any way (other then a few awkward interactions). I am able to recognize people as soon as the start talking, sometimes I can even recognize people when they start moving. I also recognize people by their clothes, hair, etc. My wife was the first one to notice I might have this condition (and yes it has happened more then once that I don’t recognize her). This is despite the fact that I have a BS in psychology and had read a lot about face blindness in university. It just never occurred to me that I might have this. Those awkward moments I mentioned earlier, I usually blamed on me not paying attention, being stupid, shy or something else. Indeed. Both elephants and humpback whales have been proven to possess cultures that passes down the generations in certain populations. I wonder what cultures were lost, and what the social impacts of loosing these cultures are. This is a good question to ask. The answer is obviously “no,” but it would be interesting to see an ethical argument for designing this. Your seat belt analogy is invalid. Driving past a certain speed is always life threatening. Even if you driving on a non-life threatening speed, you share the road with other people that might be, worse, these people might be drunk even though your sober. Wearing a seat belt is a low cost highly effective way to reduce the risk of dying while in traffic. The reduction is significant. Usually parents share beds with their infants in a low risk and controlled environment. If the parents get drunk one night, it is easy for them to postpone the practice that particular night. Always putting the baby to the crypt is a high cost low yield way of reducing the risk of SIDS. The risk reduction is puny. A more apt analogy would be if you always drive on your own private road no faster then 15 km/h, except once a week where you drive 120 km/h on the motorway. Your car has a 5 point seat belt and is a pain to put on. A sensible person, and a sensible advice is to put the seat belt on that one time a week when you drive on the motorway. Reykjavík has a few of those, but they are amazing. They are one of the few places where cars actually stop for pedestrians almost immediately (way more effective then simple painted crosswalk). They also do wonders in slowing down the traffic as it reaches downtown (way more effectively then simple speed bumps). > Companies don't have souls Careful there. There is no consensus that humans do have souls. Personality might have been a better word to pick, since what you are describing better fits the idea of personality, but that is dangerous as well. But regardless of the specific term we want that separates individuals from companies, there is no denying that companies are more then the sum of the individuals they are made of. Group psyche has been proven to prevail through replacement of every member. Though one should not jump to the opposite conclusion either—that companies’s behavior remains static through a change in leadership. Apparently it started being used to denote a place of interest in Finland in the 1950's. Funny enough I have always thought that sign was universal, understood by all culture to mean you can park your car here and see something interesting. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Looped_square That is weird indeed. Especially since there are regular scheduled flights from the Reykjavík airport[1] to Kulusuk. Reykjavík airport is included, along with most airports that have scheduled flights from there (like Ísafjörður and Egilsstaðir) but not Kulusuk. [1]: not to be confused with the larger Keflavík international airport that handles almost all international flights to Iceland The first time I entered Canada—as an Icelandic citizen—was through the borders between Quebec and Vermont[1]. I had some troubles crossing the borders because the border police claimed I didn’t have the means to support my self once on the Canada side (I did), and that I didn’t have travel insurance (which I also did). To cross I needed to gather some paper to persuade the police that I was legit. Funny enough the library in town (where I could access a printer and internet, back in 2011) sits on both sides of the borders. The police had warned me not to exit the library on the Canadian side, or risk being arrested for illegal entry. I don’t remember any warnings inside the library, so I was thankful for the border police for giving me that advice beforehand. [1]: https://www.openstreetmap.org/#map=14/45.0047/-72.0941 Take the Sound Transit 550. It is the main (only direct?) busline between downtown Seattle and Bellevue. During rush hour it comes at an interval of 10 - 15 min. The bus it self is a double wagon (with an accordion connection), it fits maybe (beware I'm pulling this figure from thin air) 50 people. It is always crowded with people standing back to front. During these 10 - 15 minutes one can only imagine how many people cross on the motorway between these places in their private cars. So it is accurate (although it sounds like a contradiction) to say that *"Nobody wants to take the bus because it is too crowded". Regardless, 50 - 90 people every 10 - 15 minutes. I’m sure this number is dwarfed by the number of people that travel the same route over the same bridges in less time, more comfortably in their private cars. Indeed, but—since you mentioned it—there are a lot of missed opportunities in electrifying short range passenger ferries. Many ferries might only sail for 20 minutes and remain docked for a while where they could be recharged. Even on a busy ferry routes, a natural gas powered boats might actually make a lot more sense then a diesel powered one. The only real use for a diesel engine now might be for long distance cargo vessels, cross ocean passenger ferries, and very very huge fishing trawlers (although I would very much like to see the big trawlers vanish into history). I was gonna write a snarky comment about using a but apparently, the only methods allowed on a s and s are GET and POST. I wonder why these limitations. Especially since you can get past this with an: button.addEventHandler('click', () => { fetch('/path/to/resource', { method: 'DELETE' }) }); which seems way less accessible then to have the method there right there as an attribute. I still don’t understand why: is better then: When the former actually calls DELETE behind the scenes. I would think a crawler would prefer the latter, except for the fact that it is invalid (!) There are also plenty of Thai restaurants in Reykjavík (and Iceland in general), probably for a different reason then the article states since Iceland has a significant Thai population. Living in Seattle for the past year, and loving Thai food, I noticed that there is a general overall difference in the type of restaurant a Thai place is between Reykjavík and Seattle. Thai places in Seattle seem a lot fancier then in Reykjavík. In Seattle you most likely have to order a table, or at the very least have a waiter show you to your table. In Reykjavík, on the other hand, Thai places tend to range all over the place, all the way down to having only 4 bar-like seats by the window. The menu is also way more diverse in Reykjavík. In Seattle, you can pretty much guess the entire menu before you walk into a Thai place. While in Reykjavík a Thai place might only have three types of pad thai on the menu, or only sell soup, or even sell have 3 or 4 pages of stuff on the menu, including non-thai cuisine. Generally, I like the Thai places in Reykjavík better then in Seattle. In general though, if you want good Thai food I mostly recommend in North Thailand or Laos. Sometimes I would go to the same place and order the same thing, but get a completely different thing (for example, deep fried noodles instead of steamed; a fresh set veggies, etc), but either time be blown away by tastyness. Perhaps it is a cultural thing, but I've been boycotting Soda stream throughout my adulthood. In fact whenever a conversation arises around me, I advice everyone (with positive feedback) to do the same. Whenever I see Soda Stream in the wild, I cringe a little. 100-1000 people a week seems like a lot. I’m mostly into ”something to impress my friends and forget about in a month” which—in my utopia—would account for the majority of all websites. But when I was most active in having fun building websites for fun and showoff, about 3 years ago, I would use [microjs]( http://microjs.com/# ) quite a bit. I don’t know if that is relevant anymore though EDIT: Vanilla JS is also a good option and has been getting exponentially better over the years. The muni system is one of the worst functional bus system that I have ever encountered. Sure there are worse systems that don’t have any coverage (El Paso for example) but they are not functioning so I don’t count those. Problems with muni include: - To many stops (like every two blocks). - Hardly any dedicated bus lanes, bus gets stuck in traffic too many times. - Slow and un-intuitive routes. - Small and overcrowded busses. - No transfer to BART or ferries. I recently came across a muni map from the mid 80s and it was almost identical to an up to date one. That might give an idea of how stagnant the system is. The few good things I find about the muni system is that it has good coverage, frequent busses[1] and is cheap. [1]: Sometimes too frequent, I sometimes see the 14 being stuck in congestion of other 14s Is it weird to note the difficulties of decommissioning windmills, and then advocate for nuclear power plants? These look less like questions about the project and more like feature requests. Perhaps you should try unpkg: And if that doesn't work, perhaps you can submit an issue or a PR. So this is like the rest and spread operator in javascript (`...`). An interesting observation is that while python has separate operators for lists ( * ) and dictionaries ( * * )—javascript has only `...`. > You need to be careful when using multiple times though. Functions in Python can’t have the same keyword argument specified multiple times, so the keys in each dictionary used with must be distinct or an exception will be raised. This is not an issue in javascript, the unpacked object with repeated keys takes the value of the last one. {...{a: 1}, ...{a: 2}} // => {a: 2} edit: formatting Brain cell deterioration is a symptom of Alzheimer's disease, i.e. it brain damage is the effect of the disease, not the cause. What causes that deterioration is up for debate. Finding that cause is integral for better treatment and hopefully prevention and a cure. My former neurology teacher was working on finding a genetic model that could predict Alzheimer's. They said that work was going well. However they were also finding strong evidence for these infection models. which seems to contradict their work. The disease couldn't be both hereditary and infectious. Their answer were that possible we were looking at at least two different diseases that just so happened to attack the same neurons, and hence produce the same symptoms. Less cynical, true. But also, less apt. There is no real need for arctic oil, nor Saudi oil for that matter. There are other, easier and cheaper, ways to replace Saudi oil then digging for it in the Arctic. As a user of free software you should always accept the risk that it is maintained by a malicious actor. It is just as likely that the original author will turn malicious. You as a user have the responsibility of auditing all the free software you use. Perhaps you should suggest these guidelines: https://npm.community/ Sometimes you wonder if they could possible move the route a little to the side. I live on an island close to Seattle, and airplains flying from California will fly straight over the island, almost like it is on purpose. You wonder why they couldn't move the route a little to the west or a little to the east and fly over the sea instead. https://flightaware.com/live/flight/ASA1041 Just came back to python after several years in javascript. I've found that the functions you need are often already provided in the standard library (for example the `operator` module[1]). So where in javascript you would write: const double = x => x * 2 In python you can simply write: from operator import mul double = mul(2) [1]: https://docs.python.org/2/library/operator.html Really I think raised crosswalks are the only time a speed bump is properly used. A free standing speed bump (without a crosswalk) is sort of useless since drivers like to speed up between them, and slow down only just before they hit the bump. But a raised crosswalk really does magic in increasing the proportion of drivers that actually stop for crossing pedestrians. This one in Reykjavík does wonders. I hardly ever have a car not stopping when I try to cross there. https://www.google.com/maps/@64.1493811,-21.9324505,3a,75y,2... The sign design in the USA is weird. They really don’t like symbols, and prefer to spell things out with weird abbreviations. Instead of an obvious sign like that, you would get a diamond shaped yellow sign with saying “SPEED BUMB” and instead of a standard crosswalk sign you would get the same yellow diamond saying “PED X-ING”, and it is by no means consistent what they actually say. The USA could really use some sign design revision. The same problem. Drivers would just speed up between them. Plus I think there are better ways to get drivers to slow down then catch and punish all offenders. From MDN[1]: > JavaScript classes, introduced in ECMAScript 2015, are primarily syntactical sugar over JavaScript's existing prototype-based inheritance. The class syntax does not introduce a new object-oriented inheritance model to JavaScript. [1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... Article from january last year. Should it be marked with (2018)? Do note though that there is a lot of syntax that is hidden with the `class` keyword. So even though it is primarily a syntactic sugar, it is by no means trivial. If I remember correctly it used to be the case that every JavaScript repo came with it's own eccentric style. I'm certainly guilty of that. Now -- when we have these style "standard" style guides -- we've sort of settled on 3 or 4 competing standards. None of them look particularly bad (or at least not worse then my personal style cerca 2012). Don't get me wrong. We still engage in stupid bikeshedding about semi vs. no semi, tabs vs. spaces etc. but I feel overall we've embiggened our spirit when it comes to code style debates. Two weeks is hardly enough time to know your dog, and yet your bond is already really strong. Your bond will most likely strengthen exponentially over the next year or two. So the feeling is probably worse then you can imagine. It is not just `display: grid` that is replacing the layout. Now we also have interactive elements in the HTML spec[1] like ` ` and ` `. We also have custom elements making an all in solution like bootstrap less desirable for everything except quick prototyping. [1]: https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/interactive-elements.... This is funny. I was thinking that Bootstrap should be suffering the same fate as jquery. That is, it’s relevance should be decreasing as web technology catches on. I see no reason for using a third party layout system now that CSS has `display: flex;` and `display: grid;`. As for modals and menus, HTML has ` ` and ` `. And for reusable components, we have custom elements, that you can either implement your self (not that hard) or pull from a library (using javascript modules). Really the only reason I see anyone using CSS frameworks like bootstrap is for quick prototyping or because that is what they know and don’t bother picking up the new standards (which is ironically where jquery was a few years ago). You should look at `for await ... of`[1]. You can get a streaming reader from a `fetch` response and loop if through an async iterator. If you prefer the functional syntax observables, I'm sure you can find a library that wraps async iterators as observables. [1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... It does. The fetch response object exposes a `ReadableStream` through the `body` property, which you can loop through with a `for await ... of` loop. On each iteration, simply update your progress. You can always drop in a polyfill[1], and when browser support picks up, you can remove it from your dependencies. That is what people used to do when they decided to omit jquery in favor of native web APIs a few years back. [1]: https://github.com/GoogleChrome/dialog-polyfill Neither was `document.querySelector` or `Element.prototype.closest` a few years back. It didn’t stop people from abandoning jquery in favor of the native APIs and just polyfilling the browers that were lacking the support. Or if you prefer: for (const element of document.querySelectorAll('.some-class')) { // ... } For that you can write: const elements = document.querySelectorAll('.some-class'); const values = Array.prototype.map.call(elements, element => element.value); or more idiomatically (and perhaps a little slower): const elements = [...document.querySelectorAll('.some-class')]; const values = elements.map(element => element.value); Please don’t do that. Sleep is really important, and waking up before sunrise is potentially detrimental to overall sleep in the population. you’re not wrong, however this is a gross oversimplification. If you are on a permanent daylight savings time at high latitudes, you will have more people staying up late and waking up early for a longer period of the year. The difference is not negligible. In fact Iceland (currently on permanent daylight savings time; where I have lived most of my life) is considering moving the clock closer to solar time. They are citing public health reasons for the move. The adverse effects of sleep deprivation accumulate. It does make sense to minimize the time you have to wake up before daylight. Please consult public health experts before making any decision like this. I have a feeling that suicide rates in the US northern states might go up if they stay on a permanent DST. There are also union laws that mandate overtime pay off hours. These hours are often defined to be out side of 8:00-17:00, incentivizing businesses to keep open during these hours. You are neglecting public health concerns. People’s sleep tends to be disrupted when they have to wake up long before sunrise. Sleep is important for the population, more important then afternoon sunshine, I would say. Huh, that means Iceland can no longer set our timezones to Casablanca. A few years back, Atlantic/Reykjavík was never an option when selecting timezone, so we would always go with Casablanca. Think of MathML more like SVG. You can write it by hand (and in some cases you should), but in most cases you should use a graphical editor (like inkscape), or a library (like D3). hmm, here is a project I haven’t given nearly as much love as it deserves. ascii2mathml was the first compiler I ever wrote (and have written since). I wrote it because I wanted authors from a non math background to be able to write short expressions in forums or comment threads without having to know latex. I tried to make it as intuitive as possible. Even going as far as making `1+2 / 3+4` a different expression from `1 + 2/3 + 4`. But I know some people started integrate the library in their notebook apps, mainly used by math students taking notes in lectures in a markdown format (writing the expressions in ascii2mathml). Ascii2mathml might be a better fit then then the original asciimath for that purpose as the original is no expressive enough to capture advanced math expressions. I bailed on it a couple of years ago because it looked like MathML was a dying. Chrome wasn’t going to implement it. Also I haven’t been using it for anything either. Perhaps it is now time I revisit it and give it some love. Say I sell my vote. The person picks a party I don’t agree with. I will simply vote for them anyway in the prelimenaries, screengrap my proof, and send to my customer. I can do this multiple times. Each time I void my previous ballot, betraying my previous customer. Then comes election day, then I show up in person and cast a physical ballot for the party that I favor. As a buyer, my customers have no way of knowing I didn’t void the preliminary ballot by showing up on election day. Note that frauding vote buyers this way is also possible in most election systems that have non-digital preliminaries. You don’t even need that. In many systems, you can vote multiple times, and only your most recent vote counts. As a buyer you have no way of knowing if your agent didn’t vote after they photographed them self voting for the party you picked. Then vote for the party your intimidator picked, show them you voted for them when asked. Then simply vote again for the party you want (during election day if you are afraid they will show up unexpectedly again before election day), voiding your intimidated vote. Your intimidator will never know who you voted for during election day (unless they spied on you, but you also have that problem for non-digital votes) > but there has to be some cut-off time and it would be perfectly possible to control the voter's ability to make last moment corrections There is. In the Estionial election it is something like the day before election day. But even if there wasn’t if you need to spend the time and effort to coerce your agent for anything longer then few hours, buying enough votes to sway any election is going to be unfeasible. Iceland doesn’t have e-voting, but they do have absentee voting. You can vote as often as you want during the absentee ballot, and your most recent will count (or none if you also show up during election day). If you need to physically be present to make sure your agent does’t show up during election day, buying enough vote to sway any election is going to be hard. I suppose if you are a part of a larger organization, you can post several spotters around every voting station. But that will increase the chance of them being spotted and spoofed by the police. Exit polls are not done everywhere, and in some countries they are even illegal. Just make soliciting around poll stations is illegal and the problem is solved. Then lie to your intimidator and tell them you didn’t vote in the physical election, only in the absentee. You might be right about the exit polls. Perhaps this can only be applied in countries that have strong independent monitors (which Estonia should have being an EU member). Regarding vote selling, I don’t know how it is in Estonia, but in Iceland voter ID is pretty lax. You can provide an ID in the form of passport, drivers license, bank issued debit cards, etc. As a buyer I have no way of knowing if I'm witholding all possible IDs from my agent since they might have several debit cards from several banks, more then one passport (through dual-citizenship), etc. ` ` is pretty much deprecated[1]. However, ` ` should work consistently across browsers (at least at a basic level) since it is just a list container (like ` `, and ` `) representing a list of items to be acted on[2]. [1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/me... [2]: https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/grouping-content.html... It is missing a few elements that were added relatively recently (like ` ` and ` `). I also find it a bit strange that the categorization comes from somewhere else then the WHATWG living standard[1]. [1]: https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/#toc-semantics Agreed. I experienced a bit of a culture shock moving from Northern Europe to USA. Robocalls are a real pain here in the USA and I don’t know why. I’ve learned that I should never answer a call from a number I don’t know (not that easy), but it doesn’t have to be this way. I also get a number of text messages trying to phish me into buying drugs or sex. It’s totally nuts. > It could have something to do with data sharing. Hardly. I got my first robo call (ever) within an hour of getting my first US phone number. They have been a constant annoyance for me ever since. I have never gotten a robocall outside of the US. Well, the thing is with `width: 9000px; max-width: 100%;` is that you know neither. And it forces people to use silly things like `padding` to maintain aspect ratio in e.g. embedded videos. prettier-js puts them there. I don’t know why, and I don’t care, so I leave them there. Cars do just fine in snowy places. I don’t see a reason why bikes shouldn’t. Just throw in the same effort that you do to keep car lanes open, and you’ll be fine. You can even put on pegged tires if the bikelanes tend to stay icy (like they do in Reykjavík), however be prepared to spend like 5x the effort when riding on pegged tires. I think only a minority of bicycle advocates are talking about forcing people that now ride cars to ride bikes instead. That would be plain stupid. Most people are talking about making biking as safe and convenient as cars currently are, allowing people that want to ride bikes, to do it safely. That in it self should sway some commuting practice. No one is trying to force the elderly, the pregnant and the handicapped to ride bikes. They can still use their cars, taxis and buses while the city is plowing the bike lanes for us healthy adults that like to ride our bikes to work. Do note that while I say that harsh winters pose no problems to biking in general, I’ve found my self taking the bush in the worst winter weathers in Reykjavík. Which brings the point home that bike infrastructure is not mutually exclusive to other transportation. In JavaScript I often find my self running the code in both firefox and chrome to get the full picture of what is undefined : (firefox) window.foo.bar //=> TypeError: window.foo is undefined and what I'm trying to get : (chrome) window.foo.bar //=> Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property 'bar' of undefined Personally I find the firefox error message more useful, but often I get a better understanding of whats wrong when I run it in chrome. I don’t know why they are mentioning undefined at all and don’t say something like: TypeError: Cannot read property 'bar' of 'window.foo' (undefined) --- Edit: Formatting Because it is the right thing to do. First, you shouldn’t brake the web. Second, you shouldn’t be mean to people. Some people do stupid things (perhaps they don’t know any better), accommodating for them and helping them do the right thing, is a far better option, then to ignore and shame them. It is a complicated term and it usually only refers to people groups that: a) Have a long historic and cultural tie to the region they currently occupy, b) are no longer the dominant culture in that region, and most importantly, c) consider them self indigenous, In practice an indigenous people group really only has to fulfill the last criteria. Note also that they don’t have to be the first people group to occupy a region. They don’t even have to have been there before the dominant culture arrived. For example, the Inuit people are believed to have arrived in Greenland after the Norseman in the early 11th century, and they didn’t occupy parts of east Greenland until th 20th century. Today they are arguably the dominant culture in Greenland. However nobody can dispute the fact that they are indigenous people in their land. It's not so simple. Before the indigenous Inuits migrated to Greenland there were other people groups there. There were the Dorosets and some people even believe the Norse arrived in Greenland a quite a few decades before the Inuit settled. So the Inuit were by no means the first people to use the land they currently occupy, yet nobody will dispute their claims of being indigenous to their lands. Contrast this also to the Faeroe Islands (another Danish colony in the North Atlantic) whose current people group settled there centuries before the Inuit settled Greenland, were (arguably[1]) the first people there. You’d definitely raise an eyebrow if you’d hear them being called indigenous. In short. Being the first people group to use the land is neither necessary nor sufficient for being indigenous. --- 1: The islands might have been settled earlier by Irish monks, however (unlike the modern Norse settlers) they never established settlements that lasted for generations. Perhaps, but I’ve been feeling the great schism[1] happening in front end development between a more design oriented developers and the tech oriented developers. Being on the design side of the schism (what this 2014 article calls BFED) I feel unsatisfied with the current state of front end mentality (even though its settled). I feel that the pressure to use the wrong set of tools to arrive at the wrong conclusion too great. The fact that selection between these wrong set of tools is less overwhelming, feels irrelevant. Note that there are still what I consider right tools and right conclusions. They are just under in terms of popularity and it feels like the industry is pushing me away from them. [1]: https://css-tricks.com/the-great-divide/ They use `display: content` which many assistive technologies will incorrectly remove from the accessibility tree (or at least they used to). So it is not currently recommended to use this this value if you want the content to be accessible. https://hiddedevries.nl/en/blog/2018-04-21-more-accessible-m... Actually when you have a `display` of something else then `table` you will strip away the table semantics from the accessibility tree (unless you add `role="table"` etc on the table elements). https://developer.paciellogroup.com/blog/2018/03/short-note-... In my experience developers are really bad at implementing accessible components from scratch. There are a lot of nuanced edge cases that is easy for a mere human to miss. Like: * Tabbing order, trapping the tab order (but still allow tabbing to the URL bar) * Keyboard navigation, and keyboard controls, esc and arrow key behavior etc. * Submit behavior and change events And many more. Setting the correct `role` only adds the semantics for assistive technologies and is by no means sufficient to make things accessible. When you just use ` `, ` `, ` `, , ` `, etc. you get all accessibility correctly implemented for free. Sure you can find a library that implements the component. But these are too implemented by mere humans and are likely to miss some of the nuanced edge cases. Also by that point you might as well just use the standard elements. > Feature detection stops being better when a) your supported browser list stretches into the early 2000s around the world and b) you are in a latency sensitive environment where it is unacceptable to degrade performance of the latest browsers. So whitelist “safe browsers” with server side user-agent sniffing and send the rest a bigger bundle with feature detection. There is no reason not to serve users of modern browsers the latest feature just because you fail to detect them in on the server. The currently agreed best practice is to detect if a feature is supported and gracefully degrade if it isn’t. Do this on a feature by feature bases so that users gradually get better experience as they upgrade their browsers. However, as other comments have pointed out, feature detection is not always optimal—or even possible—so a whitelist is sometimes needed. This is where YouTube fails. It wrongly doesn’t add the new Chromium based Edge browser to their whitelist. And even then the site doesn’t progressively enhance as it detects supported features. It is better to get the feature along with a bigger bundle then not get the feature at all even though your browser supports it. Note the parent is claiming that feature detection is not feasible for a site like YouTube because of the extra cost. Here I show how you can still bundle optimally for whitelisted (i.e. QA-ed) user-agents while still not blocking non whitelisted user-agents from accessing these features, and still not brake the page for user-agents that don’t support it. I wonder why they didn’t use the ` ` element for this. https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/ti... I don’t know if this has been done but I suppose a good use of the ` ` element would be for browser addons to target it and use the `datetime` attribute for something like “add to calendar (ical)” or “translate the text content to my locale” or something similar. This is what I get when viewed in Lynx which certainly has JS disabled. Picture of a browser window. Javascript is disabled in your browser. Javascript is enabled in your browser. This text is in a tag and should display if JS is disabled. https://imgur.com/a/RihgnoD I would recommend against using CSS to hide this information at all since a user might have both CSS and JavaScript disabled. In fact I would have used JS to manipulate all elements conveying the relevant information. I would also recommend against using the ` ` tag to convey the main information. Usually ` ` is used for the main heading—which I presume is the text ”is js enabled” which is located at the top, but wrapped inside a ` `instead of a ` ` to denote the document structor and ` ` to denote the text’s purpose as a main heading. Instead I would use a ` ` tag to convey the main information, and a nested ` ` (the B ring attention to element) to spell the word “enabled” or ”disabled” I think most text based browsers—for example Lynx—have CSS disabled. Also very few bots and almost no crawlers have CSS enabled. You can also use `.map()` and `Object.fromEntries` if you really don’t want to mutate the accumulator: function keyByUsername(person) { return [person.username, person]; } const peopleObj = Object.fromEntries(peopleArr.map(keyByUsername)); But you should probably be using a `Map` for this anyway: const peopleMap = new Map(peopleArr.map(keyByUsername)); In my experience the prime example of something that works better using grid then flexbox is with description lists ` `: dl { align-items: baseline; display: grid; grid-gap: 1.5ex 1.5em; grid-template-columns: fit-content(12ch) 1fr; } dl dt { font-weight: 600; grid-column: 1; } dl dd { grid-column: 2; } This will put all your terms in the first column and all your descriptions in the second. All aligned nicely and creates a new row even if you have two ` `s or ` `s in a row. A flex solution would quickly fail once the terms get irregular. https://codepen.io/anon/pen/gJJmzM?&editable=true `display: content` still wrongly removes the content from the accessibility tree in all browsers except firefox. This is a serious bug but it doesn’t look like the other browser vendors are too keen on fixing it. But until it is fixed in the rest of the major browsers, one cannot actually use this feature for anything except prototyping. https://caniuse.com/#feat=css-display-contents If you name your grid areas—I find grid quite elegant and easy to maintain. Also I often find that the number one reason for hard to style scenarios, is overly complected markup with deep div soups and other non-semantic container elements. There is also a chance these concept correlate because they share many of the same characteristics, i.e. they are mostly the same thing. Measuring psychological concept is far easier then then rigid and if you align one question or answer to one concept there is a good chance you are actually measuring the other, or both. In fact the very concept of general intelligence has been severely criticized for this. To an extend that many psychologist (and laymen like my self) don’t even belief it exists. Sure one should stick with English when working on an industrial standard codebase that many people on the western hemisphere will work on. Unless off course these folks are limited to the southern continents where Spanish or French might be more appropriate. And outside the western hemisphere where off course if the code base is unlikely cross, say, outside the Chinese borders, where Mandarin would be more appropriate. Then there are non-industrial standard codebases, say a hobby project. I’m sure that somewhere in Guinea-Bissau there is a 17 year old learning Python at this moment, really happy that they can write Portuguese special characters as variable names in python 3 (if only the documentation had been translated to Portuguese). Just because English is the appropriate language in by far the majority of cases, does’t mean we should deny the possibility of not using it. I think there is a fundamental difference though. At some point the far right will start to promote really hateful messages such as anti-gay, anti-jew, anti-woman, etc. At the far left end, on the other hand, the hate is stared at the capitalist system and public figures benefiting from it. This is off topic since I (and parents) was specifically talking about youtube creators. But sure, lets change the subject for a minute and talk about the general ramification of far left and far right policies. I could go hat for hat and mention all the murders and genocieds far right regimes have conducted, regimes like Franco in Spain, Pinochet in Chile, etc. But I could also go through all the disasters caused by capitalism like the Bhopal disaster in 1984, or—the elephant in the room—global warming. My third option would be to list all the social issues caused by unhindered capitalism, issues like the housing crisis, or the worker conditions in the late 19th to early 20th century. But all this is conflating the fact that I would be blaming bad policies enacted by ignorant, greedy, or even malicious people in the name of a political or economical ideology, which is to say (at least in the case of Franco and Pinochet) I’m confusing capitalism with fascism, something I see quite a lot in the above comment. My point is that none of these (with the notable exception of global warming) are the necessary consequences of far left or far right policies. Sure you could take me on this and claim that both far right and far left people are capable of performing horrible things, and you would not be wrong. And then again, I must point out that this is off topic, we are specifically talking about youtube creators, of which you can find numerous example of far right creators spreading hate towards a large generalized public while on the far left you at worst find this hate spread towards public figures that represent far-right ideologies. Aria attributes aren’t enough to make an element accessible. You still need to set up listeners for keyboard navigation, you need to make the element focusable, you need to remember the aria attributes for labeling, etc. Chances are you are going to miss some of these. Better use a battle tested third party library for these, or—better yet—the native ` `. Edit: Radio buttons are not hard to style[1]. Just use `appearance: none`[2] and style them as you wish with custom background colors and svg masks and whatnot. --- 1. https://codepen.io/anon/pen/qGeJWL 2. https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/appearance I mean you can, off course, write accessible HTML without semantic HTML. Just remember to: * Set the correct aria attributes and roles for assistive technologies. * Make the correct elements focusable, and order the focus correctly between elements, and add a specific style when then element is in focus. * Capture the focus when appropriate but still allow focus to the URL bar. * Set the correct key event handlers for keyboard navigation, submit events and triggers, validation events, etc. for assistive technologies, etc. * Be prepared to warn users that your site will not work without javascript or in reader modes or in text based browsers, as well as make your site somewhat inaccessible for bots and crawlers. And I’m sure I’m forgetting something. Point is, it is possible, but really hard. Yes the `input[type="radio"]:checked + label::before` selector was for sure used a lot in the past for greater browser compatibility. But in 2019 I think it is safe to style the radio element directly along with vendor prefixed `appearance: none;` possibly inside an `@supports` rule so that IE users will fall back to the native style while users of modern browsers get a custom style. It’s banned in Iceland. The big breweries simply offer a low alcohol with the same branding and advertise those. Poor tourists end up being the only ones buying them, not knowing they are low alcohol, as they are allowed to sell the low alcohol beers in the grocery stores while regular beer can only be sold at the state run liqueur stores. The USA is weird. There are still policies that have been shown to work elsewhere, which aren’t enforced in the USA, like taxation and ad bans, while policies with questionable success rate are (like high drinking age and consumption in a public place). Anecdote. I came to America from Iceland two years ago and I would say: “It’s complicated”. When I arrived I received much higher salary combined with a lower cost of living, more cultural variety, etc. But at the same time I left behind 4 weeks of paid vacation, 9 months of maternity/paternity leave, free education, a public health insurance, etc. One war? Am I miscounting? There is the Spanish American war, the Mexican war, the war of 1812, the US Civil war (slave war), there were numerous Indian wars during the manifest destiny. Several wars in the Caribbean and Central America. I’m sorry if this seems pedantic since it doesn’t affect your point, but I feel like it deserves some clarification. MDN: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS I see. You don’t even need a federation, a customs union usually suffice. E.g. there have been zero wars within the European Union for example. Although I’ll admit, looking at the internal struggle is an unfair simplification as European parties (as with the United States) have plenty of that external violence going on. We do have a sample size of one. We’ve tried global capitalism once, and combined with a global industrial revolution we’ve so far increased the global average temperature by a whole degree celsius[1]. 1: https://www.climate.gov/news-features/understanding-climate/... I fail to see a causal relationship between employment and carbon emissions? Indeed. While the industrial revolution is kind of irreversible, global capitalism isn’t. Logic dictates we use this leeway to reverse global capitalism. Leave it up to the politicians to solve the problems of interstellar space travel before they solve the problems of pollution. I mean the causation could very well be reverse (more building require more employees etc.) It could also be from a third factor (population growth demands more work and more infrastructure which leads to more carbon emissions). I’m not denying the correlation as it exists today (bigger employers probably emit more carbon into the atmosphere; or at least intuitively; I haven’t looked at the data), but that correlation is by no means neither necessary (you could theoretically employ a lot of people without having any carbon emissions) nor sufficient (you can be a very large polluter with only robots doing all the work; like a big automatic aluminum smelter). I started buying DVDs on amazon. I ordered my first batch of like 10 movies and I seriously think they are all counterfeit. If you like to create sound with software I can’t recommend the Web Audio API[1] enough. It is a really low level API modeled after subtractive analogue synths where you create several nodes and connect them together just like you would do with voltage controlled synths. When using it to create multiplayer online theremin[2] for fun, I got really impressed with synthesizers and inspired to learn more about them. That is, the Web Audio API inspired me to learn physical synthesizers. Regrettably physical analog synths is an expensive hobby, so the only physical synth set that I’ve gotten so far is a LittleBits toy synth kit[3] (kind of like legos of synths), which I also do recommend, as an adult I can have tons of fun with it and learn and experiment, even though it is meant for kids 1: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_A... 2: http://theremins.club 3: https://littlebits.com/products/synth-kit You can get a set of lego-like toy synth for like 160 bucks. I got one of those and I do recommend it for learning and fun, even as an adult. https://littlebits.com/products/synth-kit VanillaJS! But seriously while Svelte is the new kid on the block, they do claim to have minimal API design and no virtual DOM. So I guess the real answer is Svelte. Exactly. I think this debate is kind of outdated, we have tools now to deal with stuff like this. Even the OP argument of the visually impaired doesn’t really matter as long as you set your auto formatted to use block indentation and no alignment (sorry gofmt!). Just use a font face the smooshes the whitespace together if you need small indentation with a large font size, or one that draws it out if you need to exaggerate it. I really don’t care about tabs vs. spaces anymore. I just go with what ever my auto formatter uses. But I do think we have been having the wrong argument all these years, and I think the proliferation of auto formatters are setting us straight, finally. The issue is not tabs vs. spaces. It is block indentation vs. alignment. If you use alignment you are forced to use monospace fonts, if you use alignment with tabs, everyone is forced to set the same tab-stop (missing the point of tabs). Block indentation on the other hand allows people to use whatever font they want (including non-monospace fonts) and what ever tab-stop they want. At that point it doesn’t matter anymore whether the indentation is done using tabs or spaces. The preferred font settings of the developers can deal with it. You right. Diff tools should use fixed width characters as diff operators (em-space, minus-sign, and plus sign are usually the same width in most fonts), but I doubt any diff tool does. It is a shame. The only reason we use monospace fonts as an industry is because that is how we’ve always done it, and now we are stuck there because we fail to think out side of the box (pun intended) when we make our tools. There is no reason font designers can’t create variable width font faces that optimize character distinctions and important features while reading code. Many font faces even have settings that allow you to opt into making characters more distinguishable. You are right about navigating between lines in a variable width fonts. However that is a problem with many text boxes on the web (including slack and github) and I don’t find it that much of a headache. I find it kind of rare that I need to navigate between subsequent lines and maintain the column except maybe at the start of the indentation level. Oh god no. Canada has a terrible track record of managing indigenous lands. Don’t get me wrong Denmark is no colonial angel, but next to Canada it sure appears so. Greenland has slowly been increasing their independence over the years and soon enough they will become independent. Being annexed into Canada would be a huge step backwards. If anything Greenland—once independent—should acquire the Inuit lands of Canada. According to wikipedia Guam has a GDP per capita of $30,500 and American Samoa has an even lower GDP per capita of $13,000 so 5:1 is closer to reality for the US. That said. The US is not the only country to oficially use the US dollar. Among others, Ecuador has a GDP per capita of just under $12,000 and uses the US dollar, Palau $16,000, East Timor $5,500, and lowest are Marshall Islands and Micronesia both with GDP per capita under $4,000 bringing the ratio closer to 1:18. Also there are plenty of counties with even lower GDP that uses the dollar unofficially, so I don’t see a problem with a high GDP per capita ratio. Edit: Equatorial Guinea is also an outlier with high GDP and low population. We could arbitrarily decide to include San Francisco in the US example with a GDP per person of over $100,000 bringing the US ratio up to 1:7 and the US dollar ratio to 1:25 Electricity, sure. Land, no. The reclaimed land will be highly salinated and unusable on top of the climate being very hot and very dry meaning the salinity level will be unlikely to change in the near future. There are buses, trains, etc. That can take you most of the way. It is super handy to be able to bike to a well served direct bus route, take the bike on the bus, and bike to the destination without having to have to change from/to an underserved indirect lane. That is a solved problem. The only reason you can’t bring your bike on the bus/train is because of a policy that prevents your local transit system from investing in the necessary equipment. Why are they enacting this policy I don’t know. But I think it has to do with the larger problem of city transportation policies that generally cater only to private car users at the expense of every other forms of transportation. So perhaps you should be angry at your local policy makers from preventing you from being able to bike part of your commute. I think even horses was more of an upper class thing. Most humans throughout our modern history have used their own muscle power for work and transportation. In poorer rural communities a bicycle is immensely helpful in getting your products to a market more quickly and economically then walking. This is as true today as it was in the early 19th century. This is not entirely correct. If you are a farmer you (or a someone working with you) still need to travel for numerous reasons, including to bring your products to market, to round up your animals, to buy equipment and supplies, etc. You say they had horses for those types of traveling, except they most likely didn’t. Only a successful farmer could afford a horse. And even if they had a horse, chances were it was busy or tired for farming works to be used for transportation. Most people walked to were they needed to go, in if the modern bicycle would have existed a farmers dream would be to have a successful crop one year so they could afford a bicycle. In fact a modern bicycle would have been a good investment for many farm as they allow farmers to bring more products to a market quicker and more efficiently, in turn allowing the transporter to be back at their farming job quicker and less tired. This can be seen in today’s poorer regions where no trains nor road runs. But the occasional farm has invested in a bicycle to help with transportation. We might both be guilty of over generalizing. Farming practices differ very widely across cultures and time. Farming in post colonial America was often done on big areas of land that was often handed out for free (or very cheap) and the markets were far away. This is in contrast to farming where land was scarce and small and a the markets relatively close (2 hours walking). In the latter case bringing a freshly slaughtered goat, a couple of basket worth of grain, or textiles, to town three days a week, and sell in a public market is not uncommon. In the former case it is unthinkable. In the case of rounding up animals I can see bicycle being quite useful if you have a small stock that you grace in large swaths of shared uninhabited lands. At the start of the gracing season you might not use the bicycle, but during the gracing season you might need to move them from one area to another, then it is definitely handy to be able to bike to the first area, herd them to the next one, walk back, and bike home. Note that neither of my examples were ever common in post colonial America, but quite common throughout Europe and are still common in sub Saharan Africa. I vote for neither. We don’t need to drive, and we certainly don’t need computers to do it for us. There are other—much more easily automated—systems that are several orders of magnitudes more efficient then driving and—if implemnted sufficiently—almost always faster. Autonomous driving doesn’t need to be perfect because we don’t need it. With sufficient alternative systems the only reason for driving will be for hobby (and we don’t want that automated anyway) and heavy load work (like agriculture, mining, or logging) which is already heavily automated. It seems there is a solution for your problem already: Busses. Although not strictly automated, they are externalized. That is you are not the one doing the driving, and therefor you are free to sleep, read, work, etc, while you wait to get to your destination. The beauty about busses is that they exists. There is no unsolved technology problems with busses. And they can be (and most likely already are) implemented without any or minimal additional infrastructure in your area. If busses are overcrowded your local government can simply buy more, so they scale really well. If they become congested, we also have a solution called trains. Trains also solves your problems with driving and as a bonus get you to your destination far quicker then driving. Whoa. Misunderstanding here. I’m not talking about eliminating transportation. That is just stupid. Alternative transportation from driving include: busses, trains, bikes, walking, trolleys, bicycles, ski-lifts, airplaines, taxis, boats, rollerskates, escalators, etc. The sum of these alternatives will almost always outweigh driving in terms of benefits with a notable exception of convenience. So if you are willing to sacrifice convenience when you want to visit your mother, you will almost certainly get there faster and more economically (with the right systems in place) then driving. If there is political will to fund the research needed and create the infrastructure for autonomous highway driving lanes, surely politicians in the US can find the incentives to fund the infrastructure needed for extra buses (including luxury lines with first class seating; for those willing to pay the premium) and train lines. Edit: As an example of political will for the established and proven solution of mass public transit system, over the unproven non-existent solution of autonomous highway driving lanes. Look at the steam (pun intended) the idea of establishing high speed rail between Portland OR, and Vancouver BC is getting from the public and politicians alike. http://www.cascadiarail.org/ Note that I'm giving my self all of the advantages of all of the alternatives. And I’m also painting this scenario in a world where all of these alternatives have all of the required infrastructure in place[1]. With that said, yes there are faster ways (albeit still less convenient) of getting you outside of said city. You might have to change your mode of transportation a couple of time (I said it was less convenient) but it will still be faster with the right systems and infrastructure in place. 1: This is not an unfair scenario because this is already almost the case for all of the non-alternatives. Indeed buses or by no means the optimal technology of transporting people. But they often are the cheapest and easiest, and therefor often the smartest choice for urban planners. However once buses start to become congested (Seattle, I’m looking at you), or forseen to become so, they really are a terrible option next to some sort of a train (light, or heavy, underground, elevated, or on ground). The counter argument that you are not entertaining is precisely the argument that you should entertain. This behavior is called tit for tat and it is often the optimal strategy in many game theory situations. There are some evidence that people behave according to tit for tat, that is they are more likely to take advantage of an actor that has previously acted in bad faith. I don’t think this is a demonstration of how frail people’s morality is. But rather yet another demonstration that peoples morality can be explained in big part by game theory. From your situation it seems like the system in place that provide alternatives to driving could benefit from being expanded, increased, and optimized. I hope your local politicians agree with me that expenditures going into making these alternatives are money better spent then waiting for the technology to dedicate highway lanes for autonomous vehicles. That is I hope they agree that your situation of not being able to go to the doctor within a reasonable amount of time takes precedence over people wanting to sleep during their 8 hour highway trip but are unwilling to take the bus for some reason. > Your comment is how things "should work", but really not how they do. At least in the U.S. Since this is a comment on a thread about the possibility of building the infrastructure required for highway lanes reserved for autonomous cars, i.e. a thread about how things "could work" I see no problems with giving my self the same leeway for the established technology as the parent does for any future technology. `for ... of` only iterate over objects that implement `Symbol.iterator`. Native objects don’t do that by default, so `_.forEach` is more useful the `for ... of` even if you are only targeting modern browsers and not compiling the code down to an earlier version of the spec. That said, you can use `Object.keys`, `Object.values`, or `Object.entries` if you want to iterate over objects that don’t implement `Symbol.iterator`, so if you only need `_.forEach` there is no reason to pull in any libraries. Object.entries(object).forEach(([key, value]) => { // ... }); You’re not wrong. IQ (or more generally intelligence tests) are very useful to diagnose people with some mental disabilities. That said: a) the IQ part of the intelligence test is sort of unnecessary for that purpose, and b) That’s usually not what people are (righfully) criticizing IQ for and you know it. By IQ 20 you hardly have any mental capabilities at par with other humans, and you didn’t need the intelligence test to see that (and if you did, you didn’t need to summarize the IQ for the diagnosis). However if you go the same number of standard deviations up (~5.333) and get to 180 you don’t see any super human mental capabilities. In fact there is nothing really that distinguishes a 180 IQ from the average 100 IQ (except socio-economic factors like education, well paying job, rich educated parents, white or east asian heretige, etc.; and you didn’t need the IQ to tell you that). In short. IQ is never useful when you measure above the average, and only the test generating the IQ are useful when you get several standard deviations below the average. > you can engineer the backhoe with an IQ of 120 I think this requires rephrasing: The fact you _can_ engineer the backhoe, means you have a higher then average IQ. The fact you have the engineering degree and education required gives you a higher likelyhood of having an above average IQ. I’m sure you _can_ engineer a backhoe with an IQ of 90. But it is going to be harder for you to get the degree and education required. Whether it is harder because of some lack of some mental capabilities or because the whole education system is stacked against you because of your socio-economic status (which is predicted to be low given a lower then average IQ) is debatable. They also use personality tests to screen out job applicants, and that is no argument for their usefulness. I mean you could hire only libras and claim that this policy has given you better candidates, and you would not be wrong. But at the same time you couldn’t claim that libras are better at the job then leos. You have other hiring practices and biases that makes sure you are usually happy with the libras you’ve hired. An IQ of 100 is defined to be the mean intelligence. It is a magic number (albeit not a magic number representing competence). Usually an IQ of 80-90 (around one standard deviation below the average) give you general competence, lower then that and you probably have some mental disabilities (unless the test is badly standardized; which has happened more often then it should have). IQs above average correlate with loads of desirable things, individuals with higher then average IQ are generally more well spoken, they have higher income, they are quicker to respond to questions, they know more jokes, they are probably more handsome as well (I know; citation needed). These traits are as well desired (if not more) in the criminal world as anywhere else. But this is precisely the problem with considering high IQs. If your measurement is predicting everything, it usually means you are measuring nothing. > IQ is the most replicated and reliable measure in all of psychometrics This is not a high barrier to pass. Psychometrics is a field notorious for employing biased and non-existing constructs. Just because it is well studied, doesn’t make it real. N-rays were at one point one of the most studied rays in physics. It didn’t make measurements using n-rays more reliable. If everyone is repeating the same mistake, it doesn’t erase the mistake. You know the history of IQ and how countless studies in the past are biased in horrendous ways. It might be well replicated and "reliable", it is still wrong. If you want to measure wealth it would be easier to ask their income. But you brought up the same point as the parent. 0 IQ correlates perfectly with death. Really low IQs correlate perfectly with mental disabilities. High IQs correlate (almost) perfectly with socio-economic status. Again (this has been stated several times in this thread). Intelligence tests are useful to detect and diagnose mental disabilities. What we (and Taleb) are questioning is the usefulness of above average IQs. I don’t know why you are all of a sudden talking about social priming (I’ve never seen it pop up before in this thread), especially since priming is a concept from physio-psychology and computation psychology (that has apparently been borrowed by social psychologists) not psychometrics. I’m not even sure what you mean by social priming (I did a quick browse on wikipedia without success) so you have to inform me. If you are saying that my claim—that psychometrics is a field filled with pseudoscience—is unsubstantiated, you are right. I did (implicitly) claim that, and I didn’t provide any substantial evidence for my claim. I probably should have, but that is out of the scope of this thread, so I’ll just leave it unsubstantiated. Call me lazy, and you would be correct. --- Edit: To clarify. Priming did come up in a grandparent’s comment. Priming (as my layman understanding goes) is believed to be a neurological effect that increases the efficiency of a search response for similar stimuli presented at short intervals. That is finding a particular pattern gets easier with subsequent trials. Priming effects have been demonstrated in numerous studies in the past two decades. However (as is usually the case in many scientific fields) a hype has arisen around the concept and many scientist are claiming that priming can explain several unrelated psychological constructs. Many of these studies have poor methodology and have never been replicated. Perhaps my parent comment was talking about one of these studies when they mentioned “social priming”. By “wide ranging utility” you mean “detecting and diagnosing mental disabilities” right? If not: Using IQ for anything else is, at best, quite useless, and at worst, severely problematic as you found out when you heard about scientific racism (such as the eugenics movement). When people talk about race, they are usually talking about a population or a set of traits commonly found within a population. For example, populations with a high degree of Irish descendants have a higher then average set of a few noticeable traits like red hair, pale skin, the O+ blood type, etc. These traits also exist in other populations and someone that has 100% Irish ancestry for the last few dozens of generations is not guaranteed to have all of them. When using the more accurate definition of race, people are usually talking about different but highly related species. For example Chimpanzees and Bonobos are different races. African and Indian elephants are different races. The Neanderthals was a different race of humans. With this understanding there is currently only one race of humans. Claiming the existence of some Irish race (and let alone white race) is at best confusing, but usually wrong. > Isn't this an example of cherry-picking outliers in an attempt to refute the overarching rule? I don’t believe that is the case. I think all we need to do is show that a race categorization is neither necessary nor sufficient in order to demonstrate the uselessness aspect of it. And we do that by showing that there exists a non-irish person that has enough traits generally regarded as belonging to the Irish race (not necessary), and that there exist a person of Irish heritage that doesn’t nearly all of these traits (not sufficient). But regardless of it being guilty of cherry-picking. As long as the dataset is fuzzy, I think the opposite opinion will necessarily have to be arbitrary to define which traits, how many, and how consistently they inherit in order to be defined as a race. I know the technical definition is also arbitrary (when are two populations distinct species?) but at least the arbitrariness is consistent with how we view the rest of the natural world. That is we don’t consider gray wolfs with darker coats to be a separate race from gray wolfs with lighter coats. We correctly differentiate them as belonging to separate populations. Applying this only to humans is arbitrary. No, what most people refer to as races of humans are a set of traits that are surprisingly shared across populations, albeit in different quantities. The traits that we’ve inherited from our archaic ancestors aren’t really the types of traits people use a distinguishing features between populations. No I don’t claim that (even though Taleb might have; didn’t read him thoroughly enough). I say that there is a (muddy) threshold where these tests become useless. They still hold predictive power, but what they do predict is useless. I am not an expert. But it seems less likely since the Neanderthals existed for a shorter timespan over shorter distances then modern humans, so they must have encountered fewer hominin along their way. If anything it is more likely that the deninsovans aquired genes from the decedents of the groups of Homo Erectus that migrated throughout south east asia and quite probably remained in small quantities in remote areas (like Homo Floresiensis did) when the denisovans arrived. --- Edit: Then it is the question of: Say that the Denisovans acquired genes from other hominin through interbreeding, would these genes then be passed on to us when our homo sapien ancestors interbreed with the Denisovans? That is a question I have no confidence in answering and should probably be deferred to geneticist or a genetic statistician. > In general the spread operator should only be used for forwarding arguments not for array operations. Not quite. You should also use the spread operator when you are spreading an iterable into an array: const unique = [...new Set(arr)]; > My bigger question is when the political split is more like 80/20 case should the 20 be guaranteed representation? Yes they should. They should get around 20% of the representatives. Why do we need a large number of small districts? It seems like a relic from an obsolete philosophy that people from a geographically separate areas need a different representation. But that is not how reality works. People want representation based on their class status, not geography. We have local governments to deal with local issues and it is silly to also divide federal representation based on geography. Alternatively I propose the state being a single district, with representatives directly partitioned based on the proportion of vote they get in the state. So if a state gets 10 representatives in congress, and a party gets 10% of the votes in that state. That party will get 1 representative in congress. --- Edit: And before this starts being called unrealistic, I believe all we would need is a constitutional amendment (even just in state constitutions) that states that every vote should count the same. Sometimes a system is so bad that the only reform is a revolution. Incrementalism is simply an unrealistic option in many cases, including voting reform (and climate change) State representation usually clusters around class issues not ethnicity. And even if it didn’t, why arbitrarily focus on ethnicity? Handicapped people need representation, yet we don’t draw districts that ensures they get one. And if we did, and started splitting votes by who we think need the most representation, we might as well do away with democracy and start arbitrarily arranging representatives. Why are people so keen on evening out geographical representation, why not age, or gender, or sexual orientation, able bodiedness or some other arbitrary measure like left handedness? I think if any measure should be focused on getting equal representation its class. But guess which class is both by far the largest, but still has the least representation. Perhaps it is the purpose of arbitrary drawing of districts to keep it that way. I’m definitely not talking about a revolution in a sense of violent overthrow of the government. I’m merely talking about revolutionary changes to the voting system. More specifically how the votes are counted towards each representative. I don’t have a source for this, but I think most Americans would actually be quite happy with the idea of switching out the election system for something objectively better. I actually discover most of my music on the radio, then at the record store (including online stores like Bandcamp). I hardly ever discover good music while streaming. Hundreds of dollars? Maybe if you’re an audiophile. Normal people buy most of their music second hand. If you are really poor, prerecorded cassettes are a quarter to 50 cents at your nearest thrift store. CDs can go up to a dollar and you can get a decent vinyl record from half a dollar to 2. If you are willing to spend it you can buy second hand CDs or vinyls for less the 10 dollars at the record store, and they usually have a good enough selection such that you can most likely pick up that record you never found in the thrift store. I only buy new music from newer artists (mostly from Bandcamp) and yet a CD is usually around $10-15 with vinyl maybe $5 more (+ shipping). But I take comfort that this money goes to supporting the artists, so it is worth it. Usually I spend about $20-30 dollars on music a month (with some months spending more on expensive records). But with every new album I buy, it is added to my collection so I can listen to it again without needing to buy it again. Parent specifically said hundreds of dollars per month . Hundreds of dollars per year is not a lot of money to pay for music. Also when buying new albums it is not unreasonable to expect the artist to get some money for their work. And its quite hard to reason that they do if they have to share your $10 subscription fee every month. I've heard that and I don't disagree with it. But things fail really badly. E.g. 2 inches and 5 sixteenth I had this meta effect happen to me on one of my answer[1]. I mistakenly accused a downvote on my answer as retaliatory and asked on meta if there were any actions available. The meta effect came in full swing, the meta tread quickly became quite toxic (I suggested closing it for that reason but was refused) and my answer got even more downvotes. This experience really caught me off guard. My experience with online communities has never been so hostile before. At the time I was taking a conscious effort and try to contribute back to SO, however this experience pushed me back. I’ve made a few contributions since then, but they probably would have been far more if people wouldn’t have been so hostile towards me in that meta thread. [1]: https://meta.stackoverflow.com/questions/385061/retaliatory-... PS. I suspect the first downvote on my answer was because my answer was posted with a modern CSS, and I feel like (without having any evidence for) there are some people that actively downvote good HTML/CSS/JavaScript answers that use new syntax and features, while never explaining why the answer is “bad” in any way. Forestry is hard. If you plant the wrong species, in the wrong soil, with the wrong fertilizer or in the wrong climate, you are likely to completely fail. Early attempts at forestry often ended up with every single one of the planted trees dying. Luckily forestry is a pretty seasoned science by now and people mostly know what they are doing. I trust that the Ethiopian forestry scientists did their job though before this and they end up far more successful then these early attempts, before the science was known. I don’t really see why you’d need such a thing (apart from marketing to audiophiles—who are willing to pay the buck—or for research/archiving purposes—who are also ready to pay the buck). If you want supreme sound quality you don’t play from a vinyl. A CD (or even FLAC file) will always “sound” better, even from first play. I, at least, don’t really care about the minor degrading my mid-range turn table does to my records. Almost all of the new records I buy come with a download code, so if, for some reason, my record becomes degraded beyond listening—however many listenings that would take—I always have the option of listening to the higher quality FLAC file. CDs for sure sound better then vinyls. It is also nice that you don’t need to turn them over half way through the album. However, when buying new albums, they almost always come with a FLAC download code. So you really have the best of both worlds when you buy the vinyl. ps. The copy of “Von” by “Sigur Rós” I bought recently even came with extra CD instead of a download code. It seems like regulating emissions should be the job of a government but not shareholders. “Fata” is the word for a bucket in icelandic. Quite apt indeed. The rhetoric goes that the union is enforcing expensive outdated work to be kept to keeps their members employed. However I don’t buy that rhetoric. If that is the case, it is not the union’s fault, but the governments fault for hiring a corrupt contractor. I just did some calculations: If every person on earth flies only once a year (to and from), we would increase daily air passengers from 2.7 million to 44 million (1481% increase), we would also increase the number of daily flights from 44.000 to 650.000. Meaning, if you fly only once a year, you should consider your self privilege. If you fly more often then that, you should consider your self a carbon hog. We really can’t afford to loose the train network in America. If we are going to be serious about preventing climate catastrophe (or at least minimize it) people have to stop flying for anything other then emergencies and inter-continental travels. People are going to have to ride the trains as long as Boston to L.A. if they have to get there regularly. One of my favorite things about riding the New York subway was asking people for help (this was in 2011). I was completely unable to navigate using the maps in the stations so I had to ask for help. Riding the subway that way turned out to be remarkably easy. I like to say this and HN never takes it too kindly, but it seems like corruption is the problem in the US, not unions. Many people just like to “blame the union” and leave it at that, without actually asking the logical follow-up question: “What is it exactly that the unions are supposedly doing, and can it be stopped?” It is lying. They claim something that they have no evidence for. Whether the number truly is 38 at that moment is irrelevant in this case. Because if the number was 0, 42, or 1437 they still would have made the claim that 38 were looking at that flight. I’m sure there are laws against making false claims to sell your products. If people don’t follow traffic signals it is the fault of the signals. That is, if everybody makes the same mistake, it is no individuals fault, but a fault in the system. To give a more concrete example. Say a traffic light has a pedestrian light attached. It will only allow pedestrian crossings when it does not stop the flow of vehicular traffic (say every 3-5 min, and only for 20 seconds at a time). But it does so regardless of actual traffic (no cars are passing the intersection when many pedestrians arrive), you can’t really blame the pedestrians of ruling this system as stupid and opting not to follow it. I think tracking is pretty much a social problem. The fact that it is technologically possible is a necessary but not sufficient to make the problem technical. As a comparison, think about speeding. It is technologically possible because there are cars that can pass most speed limits. I’m sure we can find a technological solution that eliminates speeding. But for the most part, regulations and enforcement is a sufficiently good measure. I suspect the knowledge was restricted to the working classes. I suspect that the noble classes didn’t really care about how Norese Greenlanders got their lumber, or how North Europeans got the fish they traded with. They’d much rather know where the Chinese get their silk, where the South Asians get their spices, or where the West Africans get their gold from. Since the resources coming from the North Atlantic were not that valuable, the knowledge of the lands and culture there stayed with the people who worked it. True, but by the 1400s there was more plentiful ivory to be had from India and East Africa. On top of having to compete for market share with the east trade, the Norse also had to compete with the more technologically advanced Inuit for hunting grounds in west Greenland. I’m guessing the European noble class didn’t really have to care about ivory from the North Atlantic when they knew they could have cheaper and more plentiful Ivory from the East. You are wrong. When a product makes the world a worse place—say fridges that deplete the ozone layer—the right thing to do is to ban the product. In the case of petroleum fueled cars, they are significantly contributing to a massive climate emergency and should be banned regardless of the existence of a superior product. In the case of the Google search engine... Well in the case of the Google company, it should be forced to split up because it is a massive monopoly that hinders competitors from entering any of their dominated markets, and they use their domination of one market to increase their dominance of another. And this is should be done regardless of the existence of superior products. Goggle as a single company is making the world a worse place, and the right thing to do in that scenario is to split it up. I think it has to with the human rights issues that are supposedly being violated by ICE at the moment. Human rights issue such as: Separating families, criminalizing asylum seeking, concentrating people of certain ethnicity in camps, etc. You don’t need to solve it. But there are numerous tried and proven ways of significantly reducing homelessness. We could start by evaluating and employing some of these. I think exactly that happened in the last Washington state election. The state legislator put on the ballot a measure that would limit the amount the state could tax each car owner. Proponents would claim that the tax was going towards public transit infrastructure (like Sound Transit 3) and that it was unfair to tax car owners for that. The measure was approved. Note that homelessness is not a problem of the same scale as Seattle in many cities around the country, and around the world. These cities have in turn some measures and initiatives that are proven solutions that reduces homelessness. Note that not all of them could work in Seattle, but some of them might. If true, then there is something wrong with the policy that all shelters need to be sober. Introduce some number of shelters—in parts of the city where high drug usage is a problem—that include safe use spaces (i.e. with medical access, clean needles and dispose boxes, no drug arrest policy etc.) Federal legislation doesn’t stop Seattle from allowing the sale of marijuana, so that is a pretty lame excuse. Would it be possible to offload the majority of the traffic using some P2P protocol for videos, like webRTC? Even if over fishing is under control there is still an issue with climate change and everything that comes with it, including ocean acidification , ocean current disruptions , migrations of pervasive alien species , collapse of important local populations (due to the above). So even if over fishing is not a threat any more, our ocean food source is still at huge risk. I’ve been moving my projects to using es modules natively (supported natively in node 13 and with ` ` in the browser) and it’s pretty nice. There is no compilation step needed between edit and run. And when its ready for production, rollup is plenty. I feel like node getting native es modules was the last step that the platforms needed to get up to speed with the bundlers. And the state of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript is good enough to simply use it without any external helpers (until production that is). Unlike `python3 -m http.server`, `npx serve` doesn’t redirect `/path/to/dir` to `/path/to/dir/`. This is a problem if you are using relative paths in your `/path/to/dir/index.html`. https://duck.com Should redirect you. Technically Finland is not a part of Scandinavia, but neither is Iceland nor Greenland. However Finland is very much a part of the Nordic Countries (and so is Iceland and Greenland, et al.). And people sort of use the terms “Scandinavia” and “The Nordic Countries” interchangeably, as the distinction isn’t that important[1]. So for for all intents and purposes (barring being pedantic) Finland is a part of Scandinavia. [1]: I’m not an expert on this, but I doubt there are many inter-Scandinavian cooperation happening any more that excludes the other Nordic Countries. Came here to say the same thing. Human curated music podcasts (such as Bandcamp Weekly) are also a great way to discover music. Second the ad blockers. Us humans deserve better then having ads stuffed into our media while we are enjoying it. If you only care about sound quality then digital music is a superior format. I prefer CDs over sound files since it is more fun to pick from a catalog of CDs on the shelf then a list of artists on a display. That said, if you care about the album or the art vinyl records are superior. A CD has very limited visuals and seeing it disappear into the machine feels disengaging (although it is handy not to have to turn a CD over half way through). Also old vinyl is really cheap and plentiful. You can go to the thrift store and buy and old Beatles album for half a dollar. It is really easy to start a collection from old cheap records. Old CDs only go back so far and it’s hard to find good CDs among all the trash in the thrift store. I usually have to go to the record store and buy a good used CD for $10 a piece (which I do, but not as often as a thrift store record). Meaning that casual lovers of music that don’t like to spend too much money probably have a greater vinyl collection then CD collection (although they probably have an even greater mp3 collection). I’m 35 and we grew up with music on the Television. My main CD player was a Play Station. Sometimes a friend brought a new CD over and we listened to it in my room on repeat. We would watch music shows when they were aired on programmed television, or tune into specific radio shows that had “the top 10 popular songs” or something. When we learned about Napster no one had high enough speed internet to download but the most popular songs, but yet we did, and bragged about owning so and so song. I bet people that were 35 at the time had similar complaints about us not discussing and appreciating music like they did when they were had their mix-tapes playing on their parent’s stereo. I play my records like crazy, some are new heavy vinyl, but most is crappy 70s and 80s vinyl. And I have never noticed the supposed drop in quality the usage is supposed to inflict on them. I think the stories might be overblown. Please, leave Mars’s surface alone! We’re merely starting to explore it and we don’t understand it. Don’t ruin it before we have a chance to. Though true, it needs clarification why this difference is important. I’m not entirely convinced that it is. Edit, to paraphrase: Why is it any different that control comes top down from a government or from a board of directors of a company? > First, the AI hype train. Yes! I really wished we would call this something more descriptive of the boring statistics involved. Artificial Intelligence is just too cool sounding name not to get excited about it. And what people don’t realize is that this is really just a statistical inference model, nothing intelligence. Machine Learning is better, but it is still not descriptive enough. I think if we called it something like Computational Reinforcement Modelling or Iterative Weight Inference people might stop having the idea that there are machines making “smart” choices involved and finally seeing that really we are just inferring based some computations on provided data. Really, “Machine Learning” deserves no more hype than the boring sounding Kalman Filter . Though I agree that there is a difference in scope , I’m not entirely sure what you say applies to the NFL. I guess Kaepernick would have to move to Australia if he wants to keep playing professional football. This supposed option of choice only applies if there is non-monopoly and there is an equal power dynamic between consumers/workers and heads of company. Neither is true of the NFL. This is a classic case of “But Sometimes” [1]. I guess sometimes lazy loading of images can be frustrating, but most of the times it’s not. 1: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiYO1TObNz8 Markup: Slack uses a weird bastard of markdown, meaning there is a context switch every time you go to slack from a more sane environment. Code snippets: Slack does not allow you to type put highlighted code snippet in a middle of a message (you must import them in a separate message). Code Snippets: If you import code snippets using the tool, you cannot simply copy paste from it. There will be extra new lines and other noise. Links: Slack does not allow you to put a hyperlink except verbatim. I’m sure there are more. But slack is a pretty lousy chat client with poor support for basic needs of developers of code. Syntax highlighting in a message is really powerful if your message includes a series of diffs. ```diff - Remove this line + Add this line ``` But even if developers are fine with highlighted code snippets inside message, that still leaves the buggy snippet tool which adds newlines when you copy-paste from it, not enumerated, or bulleted lists, no hyperlinks except verbatim, etc. The no hyperlink part is annoying if you have to link a couple or more long urls and placement matters. Edit: To add to the list, since slack doesn’t use real markdown it is impossible to included backticks in code samples (e.g. `` ` `` is not a thing, and neither is ```` ``` ````). Indeed. Assange is an asshole. A lot of people that have tried working with have conformed that. But that doesn’t mean he hasn’t been successfully smeared (he has), or that hes contribution to journalism should be ignored (it shouldn’t) A comment below explained that we don’t have the technical capabilities to launch a 30 meters diameter telescope in orbit. And we’ll probably not have that capability in 10 years either. The extremely large telescope being build in the Atacama desert is almost 40 meters in diameter. Sure maybe it can be fun for a third grader to look into images made for them by a cheep satellite telescope, but professional astronomers will continue to need the larger telescopes that remain technologically impossible to lunch into space for the next decade, or few. I don’t understand, why is it not feasible to bring faster internet connectivity to suburban America with traditional infrastructure? Why do we need an entrepreneur to launch a constellation of satellites into low earth orbit—ruining the night sky for astronomers globally? Countries like Finland and Iceland can bring decent speed internet to rural populations where it rains as much (or even more) then in the pacific north west. So I don’t know what makes America so exceptional that they can’t bring good internet to their population. Is there a reason you need fast internet connection in forrests/on the Arctic/while sailing in the middle of the ocean?[1] Is there a reason why much of Africa or Asia can’t invest in similar infrastructure as Europe has done to provide internet to where people live? 1: Maybe it could be handy to transmit large amount of science data I suppose, but they seemed to be able to cope with this limitation while photographing the black holes Usually you are able to save the tasks that require fast internet connection for later. If you find your self on a slow internet connection while uploading a large video file, you can hold that up until you find somewhere that has a fast connection. You also often have the option of lowering the bandwidth requirements (e.g. switch of the video call for a voice call at a lower quality). I find fast internet a luxury rather then anything while traveling. It sounds like a change in policy would be more sane then entrusting private entrepreneur in fixing this very solvable problem. Some people are assholes. Some people are smeared with crimes worse then “being an asshole”. Julian Assange can belong to the intersection of the two. Not everything bad ever said about Assange is a lie. I don’t see “being an asshole” to be the issue at stake here at all. It is for sure an issue for people that are trying to work with him. It is understandable that people bring it up when conversation revolve around him. But it is completely irrelevant when we are talking about his contributions to journalism being censored. > is there a reason you need fast internet at home? now imagine being some place that isn't home. My internet needs away from home are vastly different then at home, so I don’t understand how this is an answer. > crushing poverty? It is highly likely that the same poverty is going to prevent locals from using Starlink. Besides lacking infrastructure in large parts of Africa and Asia has often been the result of bad policy, or wars, not poverty (or poverty as a result of war). A lot of African nations are catching up on their infrastructure projects, and I see no reason why they will skip internet connectivity as they build up their infrastructure (given that most African nations have infinitely better policy—and a lot fewer wars—now then say 30 years ago). Since the problem is lack of internet infrastructure, as the market has failed in providing decent internet to a significant portion of the population, I suggest that the government subsides (or even funds) the infrastructure projects required for bringing the portion of the population a decent internet connection that the marked has failed. That seems like a pretty obvious policy change that a mere layperson can come up with in their couch. I’m sure a civil engineer can do better though. I’ve never navigated across oceans so I don’t know this, but can’t you already get (albeit slow) internet connection at sea via satellite? Or at least sufficient connection for accessing weather data? Regarding boredom, I know a lot of sailors bring with them physical media, i.e. books, DVDs, video games, etc. knowing the internet connection will be slow. I know getting fast internet at sea would certainly make life better for people traveling across oceans a lot, but the question is: Is is worth sacrificing the night sky for astronomers over? This is such a closed minded western centered mindset. The idea of paying for infrastructure projects (or helping fund them) in foreign nations that you might do business with is just not on the horizon. The only option on the table is to build some technologically obscene infrastructure that only those who can afford can use, leaving the local population in poverty. I’m sorry, my comment was very snarky and therefor not very clear. What I was trying to say: A more reasonable way to get better internet connectivity to the poor parts of the world is to build tried and trusted traditional infrastructure funded by the wealthier communities around them. You are right though, I do dislike Starlink. In general I have a big distaste for any endeavor that tries to solve a problem with new and untried technology, but that problem only exists because of wealth disparity. What you need and what you want are vastly different. Off course I want fast internet wherever I am, but I don’t need it. And I’m certainly not willing to sacrifice the night sky for astronomers for it. Like I indicated, I’m not a civil engineer and am in no position to be coming up with a policy my self. I can say though—and I might be wrong—that America has some policy that might be hindering traditional infrastructure being build to provide decent internet connectivity to some parts of the population. I’m sure there are civil engineers though that can provide examples of better policy that may help solve this issue. Previously posted 6 years ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7937070 As we are several decades into an equally serious—or perhaps a far greater—catastrophe with globally rising temperatures—in part to blame by human activities that are now hindered because of this new immediate emergency. I love that it took a global virus outbreak for these companies to take these actions that they should have taken long since in an effort against the climate disaster. I have to ask—since you admit to causing environmental harm with your admittedly unessisary travels—how do you morally accept the damage your selfish actions are causing? I’m genially asking, and not trying to be judgmental. The numbers don’t really add up though since the climate disaster is causing few orders of magnitude more deaths then the corona virus outbreak. I find it great that companies and governments are taking actions to reduce harm (like I said, I love it), but these actions should have been taken long ago to prevent a far greater harm being caused by another disaster. These comments are being voted down. But I think it warrants some justification. These actions are just and rational, however in the wake of the climate emergency they are just as just and rational. I do believe governments and companies should answer for why they haven’t taken them before, and if they revert after this outbreak is over, they should have to answer for why. Ahh, I remember a while back reading a blog where the author talked about `std::mem::drop` being their favorite standard library function because they used this effect. It is literately defined as: pub fn drop (_x: T) { } https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/mem/fn.drop.html Thank you for an honest and good answer Sure, microtargeting is bad and should be illegal, but that is not what the parent is asking about. Microtargeting is a fact, and it is immensely powerful. If you don’t use it for your campaign in 2020 you will loose. So you should understand why well meaning candidates use it. That said there is still a world of difference using it to spread your agenda, vs. using it to spread false information in order to spread your agenda. While microtargeting is a fact and not forbidden by national law, we need to understand why people use it and universally condemn it when people use it to spread lies. While true—the USA does indeed need election media reforms—these seem like a minute problems next to other issues that the US election system has, including voter suppression/exclusion, non-participation, gerrymandering, as well as all the problems that follows first past the post, single preferential voting with nth degree representation. If we only fixed the media coverage of the election while still not allowing Puerto Ricans to vote in the Primaries, and still allow super governmental agencies (like the DNC) to conspire with candidates, I don’t think a lot would change. I think this came up after Sacha Baron Cohen gave his famous speech at the ADL[1]. What makes social media political campaign so much more dangerous then traditional campaigns is that the investigative journalists don’t have the same access to the campaign claims as the targets, and hence cannot scrutinize, contextualize and compare them. You are not alone in not seeing any evidence. Professional journalists with years of experience have the same problem. But until we either learn how to overcome this limitation with new investigative techniques, or—better yet—regulate political campaigns with national laws, I suggest we remember the fact that: “Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.”[2] [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymaWq5yZIYM [2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argument_from_ignorance#Absenc... While I don’t doubt it would be ruled unconstitutional in the US, election day media bans are enforced in many functioning democracies (including Iceland, Israel and the UK). However, it can be debated how effective these bans are in the wake of social media. Also repercussion for braking this ban is also quite often minimal (two parties were found guilty of violating it in the last Icelandic parliamentary election, and no punishment was given). So your saying that any attempt to reform the election system in America is futile? Edit: I’m not sure which reforms you are referring to, but I bet that corruption existed in American politics before that, even before election financing was a thing. Corruption is a serious problem in democracies that have serious and strict regulations on campaign financing. A prime example here is Israel. Question: If what the domain name holders are doing is illegal (presumably phishing for secrets; which is probably against some sort of misdirection or scam laws) why is Facebook doing the suing? Why aren’t police departments or federal investigation units the once asking judges for subpoenas and going after the actual criminals? It feels like an unessisary and possibly harmful step for a non-victim private company to suing another non-criminal private company so they can get these criminals to justice. Quite typical that the crime being investigated is a petty trademark infringement, while there are real victims who’s privacy and dignity is violated by these scammers. It indeed disgusts me that as a society of laws we go after violent criminals, not because they violate real victims, but because they infringe on a trademark of a multi-billion dollar company. I think we need to start thinking about scammers as violent criminals. Victims of scammers do feel extremely violated after the fact. They loose not only valuables, but also their dignity and their sense of security. Scamming is indeed a violent crime that causes significant harm to the victim. I also get the sense that there is still a lot of victim blaming when it comes to scamming. This also has to change. Victims of scams have not done anything wrong. The criminals that scam other people are of full blame for their crimes, and they need to be brought to justice for their violent behaviour. Violence is already really loosely defined (e.g. violence seems to be done up the social hierarchy; e.g. a state is not considered violent if they deport a refugee, while a protestor is considered violent if they block traffic). But even in this loose definition scammers fit perfectly as being violent criminals. They intentionally cause significant harm to their victims with their actions. A lot of definitions put a physical qualifier, but that is not how the term is used by English speakers, e.g. bullying or psychological tormenting, is violent even though it is only verbal. I use foo, bar, baz, etc. all the time when I’m writing tests. But I agree generally it is better when examples use meaningful name `cd /path/to/file` as oppose to `cd /foo/bar/baz` In most democracies if you loose a court case you have to pay all the legal fees, plus damages and reimbursements to the other party. This holds true in criminal or personal cases, and even when the loosing party is the government or the police. I don’t personally think it is helpful to make a distinction between physical and non-physical violence. Harm is severe in either case, and there is an obvious victim and and obvious perpetrator that needs to be brought to justice in either case. Sure different forms of violence do vary in severity, but finding a new name for a type of violence that is done remotely and causes a different kind of harm both undermines and complicates the term “violence” and gives discount to some forms of violence by not labeling them as such. There are a lot more cars, running on much greater speed, for a lot longer distance, with much greater weight, then humans walking on spiked shoes. The masonry hammer runs on much greater speed, with much more force, a lot more often then the human steps on the peace of concrete being taken apart. Another noteworthy aspect that is somewhat specific to the US is that AA is often the only available treatment that doesn’t add a significant financial burden on the patient. I can imagine that while one is dealing with substance abuse issues, adding the stress of figuring out how one will finance treatment might prove detrimental to the treatment. Note that I haven’t read this study (can’t access) so it might have to control for the effects of the cost of treatment. > And for "rates of continuous abstinence" they found a positive effect. It’s been a while since I reviewed the literature for substance abuse disorder, but if I remember correctly it was highly disputed whether complete abstinence was necessary (or even beneficial) for treatment. Has this changed? The argument was that by focusing on abstinence you are setting a significant part of your patience up for failure with all the psychological harm involved in knowing that they’ve failed, which might result in severe and frequent relapses. EDIT: To conclude. I find it hard to draw conclusions if success is measured in “days of abstinence”. That means that a patient that has recovered from cognitive behavior therapy (CBT) that uses occasionally and non-detrimentally is not considered a success! Further AA or other 12-step programs do often stress abstinence while CBT does not, this creates a counting bias in favor of 12-step programs. Direct link to study: https://www.cochranelibrary.com/cdsr/doi/10.1002/14651858.CD... Mathup is a mathematical expression authoring tool that translates from an AsciiMath-like language to MathML. It was previously called Ascii2MathML . Mathup is a complete rewrite that includes changes in the grammar of the language. And most other utilities don’t cut you off if you fail to pay. I’m sorry, but you rephrased my question: The question is not whether “ heavy alcoholics can moderately drink”, which you claim skepticism over, and I—for the record—claim ignorance. The question is: “is complete abstinence necessary for some cases of substance abuse disorder?” We have ample observational evidence that complete abstinence does relieve many people from the symptoms of substance abuse disorder. We also have some anecdotal evidence that that is not true for everyone. I also have a problem with the term moderate drinking. I’m sure—although here I’m ignorant as well—that patients aren’t encourage to moderately drink. Rather they are—again I’m guessing—not told to have failed if they do drink. Say a recovering alcoholic has a night out of heavy drinking, but that does not further negatively impact them, i.e. they won’t relapse into a constant drinking habit. I would hold on calling that a failure. In fact it might be actively damaging for their psychological well being to say that they failed, which might actually cause a severe relapse. Thanks for clarifying. While reading this I was under the impression that they were referring to specific web components created and hosted by Google, and I further assumed that Google denied crawlers access to the web component modules (hence closed). Thanks for making it clear that is not the case. I read the parent as if class warfare is the desirable outcome. > The statement “by focusing on abstinence you are setting a significant part of your patients up for failure” sounds like advocating “moderate drinking” to me. Sorry, that was not my intention. Like I stated earlier in the thread, it’s been awhile since I reviewed the literature. I’m not a psychologist, and I’m neither a recipient nor a practitiner of Cognitive Behavior Therapy for Substance Abuse Syndrome. That said I’m sure therapists have a way of negatively reinforcing the damaging drinking behavior in such a way that a single night out is not considered a failure. I don’t know how they do it, but they are experts and I’m sure they know how to. On Ubuntu + Firefox I can see other people, but I can’t hear anything, nor can they hear me (I don’t know if they can see me) CSS frameworks—I hear—are mainly aimed at individuals or small teams with a proof of concept, demos or other quick short lived projects that don’t need custom designs, or for small teams that don’t have a skilled designer and just need the thing to look well enough. That said I have had to defend non-framework CSS to other front end developers in the wild, who insist that material design, bootstrap or whatever is worth writing all this CSS your self. Is anybody else mildly annoyed by the proliferation of meaningful or instructive gifs. Videos have been supported on by all major browsers for almost a decade now. And videos are both smaller in size and provide better interaction for viewers. Why are we still recording gifs? The library translates into MathML which might not be supported by your browser. There is a ‘MathJax polyfill’ option you can opt into below the output. Thanks for the comment. This project was previously called Ascii2MathML and I tried to stay as true to the original AsciiMath language as possible. But I’ve since then moved away from it (which is why I renamed it to mathup ) as I found it could be improved upon in some minor ways (personal preference really). There are some trivial differences: e.g. `bf` for boldface instead of AsciiMath’s `bb`; or the `.^` infix for overscripts instead of the `over` prefix. The matrix syntax is also quite different: AsciiMath uses nested brackets, while mathup uses row separators (`;` or `\n`). Most significant is the difference in grammar (you’ve noted the significant white space which is not a feature of AsciiMath). You can see my attempt of writing down the grammar here[1]. However I’m very much a novice when it comes to compilers and lexical analysis, so this grammar is probably not accurate—in fact when I originally wrote Ascii2MathML I wasn’t even aware that I was writing a compiler. But in words, a set of tokens and operators with no internal white space tends to be grouped together. There are a few infixes (`/`, `^`, `_`, etc.) which generally take precedence but operate on a group of non spaced tokens if they are able to. I originally wrote this because I wanted people that didn’t necessarily know TeX to be able to drop in a simple expression in comment threads and forums. I also liked to provide as much expressive power as possible, but I found AsciiMath lacking a little in expressiveness. The white space significance I found made writing a little easier, but in longer expressions it is a bit hard to use, but then again, this tool was always intended for smaller expressions anyway. [1]: https://github.com/runarberg/mathup/blob/master/GRAMMAR Your comparison is unfair. Authors can make videos autoplay, play on scroll or whatever. Authors don’t need to put ads or trackers in their videos, and there is nothing stopping them from adding ads or trackers to a gif (replace the source with an ad every couple of loops; in fact the 1px transparent gif is the original tracker). Everything else you complained about can also be present with gifs (except the picture-in-picture; which is simply not a feature animated gifs). Your twitter complaints for example is completely invalid, gifs cannot play sound at all, nor can you start from beginning if you wanted to. In fact I find it very frustrating to have to wait an entire loop to wait for an instructional gif to start from scratch, with videos you can auto-play on scroll, you can pause, you can rewind, etc. Btw. your favorite vs-code website stalls in my browser, spins up my fan and scrolls really sluggishly because of all the gifs. It is very frustrating that github doesn’t allow videos in their issue threads. I often get bug reports that include an animated gif that captures the bug in action, and quite often I need to loop several times before I can figure out the order of actions. If these were video I could just start from the beginning. I really wished github would allow mp4 videos in the pull-request/issue threads. Getting a capture of the bug makes things easy. Being able to control the playback of the demo would be even better. I don’t know how this works in the US, but in Iceland they are offering loans with 50% backing from the state. Meaning that if they fail to pay back the state will pay 50%. This is effectively a grant in all but name since the company has no intensive to pay, but full incentive to have have the state pay. Something like this? https://imgur.com/a/tEkyAXt Public libraries are amazing. The state gathers, keeps and maintains all the written knowledge it is able to and then distributes it (mostly) free of charge to the population. I can testify—from non-tech job at the service industry—that great work culture and fun colleagues can be a dangerous venue to be exploded by your bosses. I was working with awesome people and had tons of fun as a particular tourist resort exploded in popularity (and revenue) while us workers only saw union minimum wage increases along a massive work stress with the increased work. We all justified still working there because we had fun with our work buddies, which was promptly exploited by upper management that had us work more for less money. The moral of this story is: Don’t get blinded by good work culture. We still have our rights and demands as workers. Sorry if I sound snarky, but why use this if you can just write: Center It looks like these are just single rule classes. In my opinion, If you are going to write one class for each style rule, you might as well use the style property. > How many times do you really need to style button/link and write out your 8px margins. Either 0 or 1 times. Use semantic classes ` ` and use custom properties or the cascade from there: :root { --button-margin-block: 1ex; --button-margin-inline: 1em; } dialog { /* * Modals buttons need more block space and * less inline space. */ --button-margin-block: 1em; --button-margin-inline: 1ex; } button, .button { margin-block: var(--button-margin-block); margin-inline: var(--button-margin-inline); } Vanilla CSS has custom properties[1] (which are more powerful then SASS variables) and there is a proposal for the `&` nested selector[2] which you can get with PostCSS[3]. All you are missing are mixins, but there is a PostCSS plugin for that[4]. [1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/--* [2]: https://drafts.csswg.org/css-nesting-1/ [3]: https://postcss.org/ [4]: https://github.com/postcss/postcss-mixins Well, it was a response to the parents claim that “[w]riting actual CSS is the waste of time”. You might be happy to learn that CSS color module 4[1] will add `lab()` and `lch()` color definitions and CSS color module 5[2] will add the `color-adjust` function as well as other goodies. 1: https://www.w3.org/TR/css-color-4/ 1: https://www.w3.org/TR/css-color-5/ As often as you’d write ` ` using atomic frameworks. If you have one rule classes, you’ve really just shifted the problem away from the style attribute to the class attribute. The only benefit of atomic frameworks is fewer keystrokes for the developer. But those would be reduced even further if they would style semantically using proper CSS. I find these comparisons between the supposed left and right wing ideologies silly at best. The right wing political spectrum is just as guilty (or even more so) of being "out of touch with reality" as the left. Just look at the climate disaster and the supposed right wing solutions to it (if they are even willing to admit its real). Now back to Dawkins, but he is often wrong on both ethical and fundimental grounds. This tweet is an example of that (there is a sibling comment explaining the scientific reason for why he is wrong), as is almost always the case when Dawkins attacks religion. Furthermore, quite often the moral argument can’t simply be detached from a statement. As an example look at the climate disaster again. It is morally wrong to pollute, but also stuff brakes badly if you pollute too much. You can’t put the moral argument out side of the bracket and say: “I’m only arguing that increased carbon emission are good for the economy”, then you are guilty of stacking the rules of the debate into your favor, and Dawkins does this all the time. The climate disaster is full of ethical issues, pursuing the issue without it is lying by omission. The climate crisis disproportionately affects people in poorer areas, while a handful of rich people are doing all the polluting. It is both morally wrong and criminally ludicrous to allow these rich folks to continue with their polluting without being punished. See separating polluters from their means of pollution is both effective and the right thing to do. Regarding the nuclear plants: You claim that the left is out of touch with reality while you think that we can somehow build a few hundred new nuclear plants over the course of next ten years (which is probably an overextended estimate of how long we have), and that alone will fix the climate crisis. No that won’t happen in the world we live in. The climate disaster will have to mitigated by stopping polluters from polluting—which we can do by laws and enforcement; and has been proven to work effectively in the past—everything else is wishful thinking. When I say that the climate disaster disproportionately affects poorer area I’m not saying that natural disaster will target poorer countries. Take a forest fire for example, if it burns through an area with a bunch of holiday houses for rich people—while it sucks—the owners won’t be harmed significantly, they’ll be able to collect on insurance and build the houses again. Now if it burns through a poor neighborhood, most of people living there will now become homeless. When the dust cloud blows over a nearby city, the wealthy residence can seek refuge in their far away holiday houses, while the poorer residence are forced to breath the pollution and develop lung diseases which they can’t afford to be treated for. The same applies to flooding, drought, etc. You seem to agree with this, so I don’t see your point. Polluters make money by making the world a more inhospitable for people other then them self. Aside: Now Lets talk about the word “polluters”. I’m using the word “polluters” in the context of climate change. You know fair well which pollution I’m talking about, there is no need to spin the debate. I use the word polluters because it has a just strong negative connotation. “Greenhouse gas emitters” doesn’t cut it the same way. Polluters deserve to be called on what kind of people they are and the harm they are doing. Aside 2: When I say “polluters” and “means of pollution” I’m specifically talking about major polluters and industrial level means of pollution respectively (that one is on me, I wasn’t clear enough). Unless you are a CEO of a major fossil fuel company you are not the problem. You might even drive those giant pickup trucks on city streets, take 15 air trips a year and eat a meal of meat 14 times a week. You are still not the problem, the people who sold you the truck, persuaded you to take these air trips, and subsidized you meat are. Now to the problem of climate justice being out of touch with reality—which is now the main point of this debate–you can’t just point to silly clickbaity articles to prove your point. First of all, their point may be valid even though their headlines look silly, just because a rhetoric is cliché, it doesn’t make it wrong. Secondly, even if all or most of them are wrong, that still doesn’t disprove the point that ethical issues are closely tight to the climate disaster. Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. The reality is that the climate disaster is being caused by a handful of criminally negligent people, and the harm they are causing affects people other then them self. Mentioning this fact does in no way shy away from the reality of the situation, hiding it does. Rioting, looting, and even torching buildings is not the close to the same level of violence as police killings, driving down protestors, or threatening people with guns. Tweets endorsing or even glorifying the former don’t come close to be as dangerous as tweets excusing the latter. Don’t pretend like these two are equivalent. > Now, the idea that we should be fine with marginally increasing the misery of third world countries is morally wrong. It’s funny, I totally agree with you there, and the following paragraph. The poor should not be paying the price of the climate crisis. Many on the left—including me—are of the believe that economic disparity of the poor is part of the same problem that is causing the climate crisis. We want the rich to pay the price. I am very much for poorer areas of the world getting the infrastructure they so desperately need to make all of our lives better (and the rich should pay for it). Note though that I don’t say that poorer countries are paying the price, but the poor in general are affected to a greater degree. I consider my self very much a victim of the climate crisis even though I live in one of the wealthiest city in the world, but I acknowledge that the effects of the climate disaster will affect the homeless population in my city to a greater degree. Let’s talk about the scale of the climate crisis. I think you realize how dire the situation is, it is not a matter of saving the economy any more and keeping our lifestyles, we literally can’t afford it. There is already so much carbon in the atmosphere that our climate is changing into a more inhospitable one. We are already loosing massive amount of species to extinction. We can’t afford to wait for a technical solution, we must act now. And the only solution that we know of—which has been proven to work before (apart from nuclear energy which we are too late to convert to)—is laws and regulation. And who do we regulate? We regulate the producers. It is on the polluters to stop producing stuff that does so much harm to our shared lives. I’m not super well informed on this, but is there any reason for sending humans to space at this moment in time (or for the next 20 years for that matter). The only reason my layperson understanding can think of is mining minerals in space, but I fail to see why robots wouldn’t be able to adequately do the job. In fact wouldn’t sending humans make future space ventures even more costly and put people into unessisary risk? It is not the 1910s any more. We don’t risk other peoples lives on exploration. Heroic though it might seem, it is ultimately foolish. We are already exploring the solar system with machines. And there is no reason to risk the explorers life for a more limited and more expensive ways to explore. Off course we will first solve the problem of terraforming Mars or the moon before we can solve the climate disaster Seems like exactly what we need in the midst of our climate emergency. That goal was reach in the middle of the last century. EDIT: And so far this goal has been a dead end.. Voyager 1 has proven it self to be a better explorer then Buzz Aldrin or Yuri Gagarin. Aviation gets us from a place where people live to another place where people live. Everyday people are still not going on tourist visits to Antarctica. There is no reason to believe everyday people will go on rockets that takes them to space in any foreseeable future. The problems you list seem to apply to both fully and semi automatic machines. E.g. wouldn’t human operated mining equipment need just as much lubrication as pre-programmed ones? We never explored the surface of Mars, or landed on an asteroid before we had our machines do it, but we managed it anyway with the human operators still on Earth. We are still uncovering where and how life is in Antarctica, and we’ve had humans there for decades. What makes you so sure we would be so much quicker to figure out things on Mars? > Riots for the most part affect people who had nothing material to do with whatever the complaint is This is an interesting point that should be addressed. I’m not sure I’m the most qualified, but I’ll try. Imagine you are trying to claim insurance on something but the insurance company has denied you. You believe you have rights to your claim but the only option they gave you is to call a phone number where an anonymous operator answers. They can only tell you the facts of the matter, and not transfer you up to a person with authority to revise the claim. What do you do? Do you get angry and direct your anger towards the operator, or do you calmly hang up, swear to your self for a day or two, and then forget about it? The first option is a normal human response, that most of us will do. Now bump up the stakes by a million, and imagine you are a part of a minority that has received systematic injustice for decades. You are told you have the option to try to affect the system from within, elect the right officials, get legislation through, etc. But at this point you believe it has been tried for too long and it doesn’t work. Now something happens that makes you angry and really your only option at this point (outside of taking things silently and accepting how things are) is to direct your anger straight at the system, but the only face of the system that is doing all this injustice are storefronts and institutions in your downtown area. The natural (and the only real choice) is to smash it. See looting is not just understandable action towards this injustice, it is also the natural response. And at this point, the only response. Still not even close... Who cares if Nordstrom will never open in downtown Seattle if it means we stop police killings? I’m not sure what you are getting at here. Has the employee been severely bullied this whole time? Has the boss physically attacked the employee? Is all the office aware that this is going on (and some even take the employee’s side)? And is the response to throw down computers and roll over desks? If the answer to all of those questions are “yes”, then—as a society—we absolutely condone this outburst, and might even help the employee get legal justification in the process. From my experience a protest usually becomes exactly as violent as the police initiates. In every protest I’ve attended the police is always the most violent actor. Please don’t post misleading statistics, in this instance it is quite racist and you come across as a racist person. Statistics can absolutely be racist. Numbers might not lie (except when they do), but they can use some odd definition, use different metrics, or scale different populations differently/unevenly (as is the case here). When you use any misleading technique on a statistic that obscures the truth, you are lying. When you put up a number to proof a point about a minority that is absolutely not true, that is a lie, and this number is racist. That would still be a biased data. Minority populations are often disproportionately targeted for similar crimes. Please stop using statistics to obfuscate your racism. It is because they are lying. They are trying to obfuscate the truth to hide a racist agenda. I’m not so sure you can pin causality here. Anecdotally, the protests I’ve visited in the past have always been exactly as violent as the police initiates. A peaceful police usually means a peaceful protest in my experience. A violent police—on the other hand—can sometimes cause a violent protest, and even a riot. Crowd control is a science. And you are sort of ignoring the science by claiming that rioters are the cause of the conflict. That’s not what we are talking about. The OP quotes says: “why are you talking about property damage when someone lost his life?” Regardless of the justification for looting, people are still dying in the hands of the police, and that’s what we should be talking about. Rewording for the current situation: “Who cares about Target? People are being murdered!” Like I said, crowd control is a science. Even if you have violent actors at the protest, it is still a failure of crowd control if the whole protest turns violent. Reacting when violated is a natural reaction. With a group this big you cannot think in individual terms. If provoked there and there is a non-zero chance you’ll see a reaction, you will see a reaction. And now you have a positive feedback loop between the police and protestors that may escalate into riots. Funny enough, I often mark up grid cards as an unordered list of articles: Card 1 Card 2 Since grid cards are often complete stand-alone items with their own headings, footings and body content. For me, cards are usually lists of self contained items (usually summaries). So the cards parent is usually a ` ` or ` ` and the card them selfs are ` ` with a single ` `, ` `, or ` `. Formatting is fine. Take a look at `Intl.DateTimeFormat`[1]. Then there is a proposal for `Temporal`[2] which will make handling a lot easier. [1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... [2]: https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal Safari is lacking in support (again) but we have `Intl.RelativeTimeFormat`[1] new Intl.RelativeTimeFormat("default").format(-3, "day") 1: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... Most platforms do some kind of moderation, and when a platform is as pervasive as facebook, it becomes essential. We’ve already seen how a lack of moderation on facebook influenced the 2016 election. So it is not hard to argue that facebook’s negligence is already causing significant harm to our democracy. Books can be publicly scrutinized, facebook feed will only reach it’s targeted audience. I think a more apt comparison is pamphlets at a rally. And even a rally is absolutely scrutinized—or even stopped by the police—if they are found to distribute illegal, radicalizing, or dog whistling material. My personal feed is not the issue here. The issue is how reactionary material keeps popping up in the feed of people who are susceptible into rallying behind it. The target area is so vast the you are bound to influence a lot of people. And the nature of the material only belonging to personal feeds makes scrutinizing by third parties impossible. All of this culminates into a really dangerous propaganda machine, especially since the platform is used by people who only go there to keep in touch with friends and family. Not moderating facebook is criminally negligent and is putting our democracy in a woeful danger. The Cambridge Analytica scandal already proved to be harmful for democracy. False (and illegally financed) advertising on facebook is also believed to have influenced the brexit election enough to swing the vote. The current (lack of/bad) moderation is already causing harm to society. Please don’t put words in my mouth... If reactionary speech gets scrutinized or if false speech gets a fact check it doesn’t make it any less free does it? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Facebook%E2%80%93Cambridge_Ana... Sorry, I should have been more accurate: “No single user’s personal feed is at issue here”. Sure if everyone would magically know whom to block and what to ignore, then we wouldn’t have an issue. But that’s not the case here is it? If a large number of people get constant posts with reactionary content without any scrutiny or fact checks we wouldn’t know any better then to get behind it. That is kind of how propaganda works. And that is exactly what is going on in the personal feed of millions of facebook users. All we’re asking is that facebook will lower prominence of false or hateful content, add fact checks with lying content and counter reactionary content with scrutiny. Facebook is being grossly negligent by allowing the current state to continue, and—given how pervasive the platform is—facebook is currently harmful for our democracy. I see your point, but I don’t think its entirely accurate. First of all, LGBTQ+ rights are human rights, speaking against those is kind of sick and anyone does so is wrong and should be scrutinized. In a world where facebook doesn’t see that, then it is our duty to protest them and hopefully get them shut down for spreading hate speech. But that is only a shallow—albeit correct—take. A deeper take is that you must consider the quality of the content and the pervasiveness of the lie its spreading. A anti abortion content that just states “I believe every fetus has the right to life” is not not as harmful as content that calls every person that has had an abortion a “murderer” or spreads some falsehoods about what the act of abortion entails. In this flip reality facebook would have the full right to add fact checks on content that would say something like: “There are no negative consequences to abortions”, or “If you think you are straight, you can fix that by calling...”. Regrettably it isn’t that clear cut. While hate is illegal—and rightfully so—racists, bigots and war mongers can and do find ways to spread their hate with legal means. This includes shorthands, dog whistles, framing and tones, etc.[1] I don’t think we will ever be able to conceive a legal framework that can catch all these as hate speech. So we need moderation along side criminalization of hate speech. 1: I recommend the YouTube series The Alt-Right Playbook for an overview of these tactics: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xGawJIseNY&list=PLJA_jUddXv... Sorry, that was my fault. What I meant—and what I should have said—is: “No ones individual’s feed is the problem”, but I felt it was stronger to take a personal stance. Giving the advice that you can be you can curate your own feed, and that is somehow a solution to the fact that millions of people are bombarded with reactionary misinformation is disingenuous at best. The reddit thread is over a year old, does anyone know what has happened in the meantime? Did the users get their refund? Are they still doing this? KataGo is also cool for those of us that use bots to review our human games because it has score estimator. With Leela a 0.5 win and a 20.5 win in the endgame can both amount to 99.5% chance of winning, but to us (amateur) humans that is not true. Two things strike me as odd in this article: > 536 Icelandic volcano erupts, dimming the sun for 18 months I’m not aware of any evidence that the 536 eruption happened in Iceland. Ash has been found in both Antarctica and Greenland indicating that the eruption was probably much closer to the equator[1]. > 541–543 The “Justinian” bubonic plague spreads through the Mediterranean, killing 35%–55% of the population and speeding the collapse of the eastern Roman Empire. The Roman empire stood for another 9 centuries after the Justinian plague. I was under the impression that Justinian the Great had overextended the empire in the sixth century so it naturally shrunk to a more manageable size. 1: https://kvennabladid.is/2018/11/20/ekkert-bendir-til-ad-risa... (Icelandic) 12 Years since, and I still don’t understand why the UK went after Iceland for reparations. Landsbanki was a private bank operating in the UK, and one of the owners Björgólfur Thor Björgólfsson is still doing business in the UK, and is now among the top 100 billionaires in the UK (even though he caused a 6 billion euro damage that the UK taxpayers paid). Then there are failures at multiple levels here: a. Icelandic government failed in allowing a bank registered in the country to venture in a scheme that scales to such high amounts, given they need to guarantee their failure. b. The EU/EEA failed in not taking in account the size of the host country economy. c. The UK failed in not challenging this private venture at the EU/EEA level while it was happening. As they should have known Iceland was not equipped to dealing with a potential failure. The UK should have warned it's citizens as well. d. The EU/EEA fail in not holding the people responsible for the damage caused by owners of private banks. Both Iceland and the UK share this failure since they can seek reparations on a national level. Note that none of these failures are the fault of the UK nor the Icelandic taxpayers. Focusing the following court cases on those was a mistake. Sheltering the obvious villain of this disaster was another mistake. Allowing that villain to carry on and not pay any damage is ludicrous. It is not that long ago, and the land is really well studied. I think I trust the Icelandic volcanologists over the middle age historian regarding the source of the 535 eruption. This size eruption would definitely leave sizeable evidence that wouldn’t be that hard to find given the barren landscape of Iceland. See compare this to the 1783 Laki eruption which caused similar weather events. Unlike 535, the weather events from the Laki eruption were limited to the Northern hemisphere. It is much more likely that this eruption happened close to the equator, where evidence erode much quicker and the ash has an easier time effecting the two hemispheres. Either iterate through the `NodeList` with a `for ... of` loop or a `.forEach` method, or convert it to an array using `Array.from()` or `[...nodeList]`. `NodeList` can be a live list (not `querySelectorAll` though) which has some benefits over arrays. `NodeList` also implements `Symbol.iterator` so you can use your favorite iterator library if you need to map, filter or reduce it. And with the future pipeline operator, you’ll really don’t see a different between a standard array and a fancy structure like `NodeList`. I use AVA[1] and c8[2] for coverage. It only works in node so I have to use JSDOM to mimic the browser environment. 1: https://github.com/avajs/ava 2: https://github.com/bcoe/c8 > You potentially don't need intersection control with all autonomous traffic I thought this myth had been widely debunked. In a world where every commuter drives a 100% autonomous car, you still have hobbyists driving old vintage cars, cyclists riding non-autonomous bikes, pedestrians, birds, runaway shopping carts, etc. disrupting the flow of traffic. Without traffic control you make the intersection in-crossible for a significant subset of the traffic. It’s fun to see that out of the Nordic capitals: Nuuk, Reykjavík, Tórhavn, and Helsinki made it; while Copenhagen, Oslo, and Stockholm didn’t. Denmark has a funnier case. There are 6 cities/town within the Kingdom of Denmark with 0 of them in Denmark. (5 in Greenland and 1 in The Faeroe Islands; Iceland belonging to the Kingdom until 1944 has 2) Granted the authors could have tried to get the website to work in reader mode (they might be missing an ` ` tag or some ` ` tags). But in the meantime, it works well in lynx ;) According to Wikipedia: Helsinki has a population of 650,058 and is located at 60°10′15″N 24°56′15″E while; Saint Petersburg has a population of 5,351,935 and is located at 59°56′15″N 30°18′31″E Saint Petersburg is one quadrant south and one quadrant east of Helsinki, or the same quadrant as Moscow as you said. The bay gets a little thin before Saint Petersburg, and there is a parallel passing exactly through it. I’m guessing that’s whats making Saint Petersburg appear more inline then it is, or—more accurately—makes the shoreline appear to be more to the west then it actually is. Too me it seems like the private enterprise is not the right place too look for funding for meaningful research, at least not in the current economy. Well, many government agencies offer funding for research. That seems like a good system. A quick note: Anti christian sentiment is very much not a left wing stance. Quite the contrary, I’m more like to find crap like that in libertarian circles. The left wing are often the ones jumping in to defend religious tolerance. About the dead cops and dead fascists... sure I’ll admit to that. However that is very much not the same. Fascism is an ideology that is a direct threat to a large number of people’s livelyhoods. To declare militant intentions against such an ideology of hate is a matter of self defense. The same applies to cops (albeit to a lesser extent). Call me a pessimist, can we really afford to lunch new “modern” supersonic airplanes when the climate crisis has reached an irreversible turning point, with no solution in sight. I think efforts like these suffer from serious disconnect at best, or some criminal lack of ethics at worst. The technology to voyage over the south pacific definitely did not exists in 1600 BCE. So trans pacific human contact is an unlikely explanation. More likely these particular species might have migrated them selfs (e.g. by floating) or with non-human animals (like birds) and later picked up while still alive by human farmers in India. There is also the possibility of more crossings over the Bering straight. Inuits and proto-inuit cultures have crossed the Bering multiple times. I find it dubious that they never crossed westwards. However, the technological niche which the cultures of the far north have mastered over the centuries have less values in warmer climates so I don’t think much would have been brought from the Americas to as far south as India via the Bering. Anything crossing the south Pacific from around 500 AD however can definitely be attributed to human crossings as the Polynesian cultures from that time period for sure had the technology for such voyages. Not to dismiss your rebuttal (I don’t believe the technology for voyages cross the south Pacific existed in the Americas [south of Greenland] prior to European contact either), but it is also possible that some unlucky fishermen got caught in a storm off the coast, and was unable to return to land. They miraculously managed to survive while being carried with the currents to e.g. Rapa Nui where they were saved by the local population, nurtured back to health, and lived there, had children and then died. Look at `Intl.RelativeTimeFormat`[1] and `Intl.DateTimeFormat`[2]. Regrettably Safari is—yet again—lacking with support, but in the meantime there is a polyfill. 1. https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... 2. https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... Apps are seldomly translated into my native language, but I do have my browser configured to use my native language, so I often see date values in a different language from the rest of the app, and it doesn’t bother me at all. In fact I hardly notice it. You are right, absence of evidence is not evidence of absence . However extraordinary claims, require extraordinary evidence , and while there is no evidence of an ocean fairing civilization in the 16th century BCE I will believe the simpler explanation that the reason why American crops were cultivated in India is because seeds were brought by winds, currents, birds or insects, but not humans. I guess I should have been more careful in may claim that “the technology did not exist”, and should have worded it as: “we have no evidence for such technology existing at that time in human history”. There is a proposal for that[1] which introduces a `js:` pseudo-protocol for importing a build in module (or a standard library): import Temporal from "js:temporal"; 1: https://github.com/tc39/proposal-built-in-modules I guess Temporal will help you there[1]: const now = Temporal.now.absolute(); const then = Temporal.Absolute.from( '1989-11-09T22:45:00+0100[Europe/Berlin]', ); const sinceThen = now.difference(then); sinceThen.toLocaleString('en'); 1: https://tc39.es/proposal-temporal/docs/duration.html#toLocal... I quite often accidentally turn on the camera without intending (usually because an app automatically turns it on) to. Having a cover prevents me from being embarrassed by an unexpected exposure. Note that this is not only about security. Sometimes a user simply makes a mistake, or have an app configured the wrong way, and accidentally turn on their cameras without intending to. Nothing has been compromised, everything is secure, but they still suffered an unexpected exposure. A camera cover will prevent many of these situations. It doesn’t matter how often this happens, it matters that it can happen. It is much nicer to have a cover and not worry, then to always remember “did I remember to deactivate the camera?” Above in the thread it has been noted that camera covers are not only about security. But also about preventing accidental exposure, e.g. when you accidentally click the wrong button in a meeting app, or if your app is misconfigured to start with the camera on, forget to close an app, etc. Camera covers helps prevent you from these potential embarrassments. What? Why are you saying this? What does this have to do with anything? Are you just tying to be right or something? Are you trying to win an argument? Like why do you even care about my own sense of embarrassment? Why should I care if you personally don’t feel embarrassed in situations where I might? What are you trying to proof? Who are you trying to be? 0.65% of California is still 260,000 people, even if we assume that only 50% of the population will contract it (a very conservative estimate) it is still a over a 100,000 needless deaths. So far California has reported just over 7000 deaths. Poverty—though deadly—does not come close to the same mortality rate as COVID-19. Also we know how to deal with 20% unemployment (whether we are willing is another issue). So frankly you are wrong. 20% unemployment is the thing that pales in comparison Well, the knowledge exists. 20% unemployment was seen widely internationally after the 2008 financial collapse. The results were devastating, don’t get me wrong, but some of the effected areas were able to recover fairly quickly. So we do know how to deal with 20% unemployment, but—sadly—we might not be willing to for some reason. I’ll zoom you also sounds weird unless you know zoom is a telecommunication app, and it sounded weird until people started using it. “I’ll start an Element call with you” won’t sound weird after people start using it. This is a gross oversimplification and simply wrong. There are number of unsolved problems with nuclear energy, including: * Safety – e.g. we don’t trust Iran to operate a nuclear power plant). * Waste – There are some expensive solutions that can store the waste (and the problem) for the foreseeable future, but we lack a permanent solution. * Time – Global warming is already out of control, we simply don’t have time to build all the new plants required. * Cost – Nuclear plants are really expensive, spending that money elsewhere is probably cost effective for the battle against the climate disaster. A more apt analogy is probably GMO. Sure there are concerns about the safety, pollution, and marketability of GMO product, but what grosses most environmentalists about GMO is the false promise that GMO will safe humanity from a potential food shortage. It doesn’t. Food shortages are a problem of distribution, not quantity. There are other safer, cheaper and quicker ways to solve the problems. Focusing on GMO is simply derailing us from talking about actual solutions. “Climate Justice” is a social scientific term. So if your focus is on climate models given a current trend, focusing on climate justice is certainly out of scope. However, social scientists absolutely should focus on climate justice. And policy makers definitely should bring social scientists to the table when addressing policy to account for climate justice. The climate disaster is disproportionately caused by a wealthy elite, and it disproportionately affects poorer communities. An effective policy like carbon tax could significantly slow the speed of climate change and potentially give us enough time build these beloved nuclear plants. Climate justice is simply asking the polluters to either stop polluting, or at least to pay for their pollution. Not only nuclear weapons, but I’m also worried that if nuclear power plants proliferate, we will start seeing deregulation and hap-hazard safety standards that could lead to something like a nuclear scale Bhopal disaster. Not to mention proliferation of nuclear waste which would really escalate in a world where we can move these plants to an area with more lax standards. Africa is not a major contributor to the climate disaster, but is becoming an ever more victim of it. I would say that suggesting that “Africa build more nuclear plants” is exactly the kind of “privileged reasoning” you could expect from a “well meaning activist” of a “privileged position”. First a little reality check. If a country does not have the resources and infrastructure to build a distributed system of solar and wind power plants, it certainly does not have the resources to build a nuclear plant. Second, there are safety and environmental concerns. Nuclear power proliferation can not come at the cost of deregulation and laxer standards. A poorer community with a weaker government is in ever more risk to be exploded with a sub-standard facility. We have seen this happen in the chemical industry (look at the Bhopal disaster, or Cancer Ally, Louisiana), and I would rather not see this in the nuclear power industry. And finally the climate disaster is happening at a pace where we simply don’t have the time build the amount of nuclear power required to phase out fossil fuel. Let alone building them in places with very limited infrastructure. Building more nuclear power plants in Africa will contribute nothing in the battle against the climate disaster. And I’m extremely skeptical that it will result in any economical benefits for the vast majority of the population in African Countries (except maybe in Nigeria). CSS has very much caught up for layouting and styling web applications. If you don’t believe me, take a look at CSS grids. The most relative units are calculated in turns of the font size of the root element (usually 1rem = 16px). I find it a lot easier to read and maintain units that are based on the font-size of the current element (e.g. `em`, `ex`, and `ch`). “This element has block margins 2 times the size of the font”, as opposed to some magic absolute `px` or `rem`. Also if margins and paddings are defined relative to the font-size (e.g `padding: 1ex 1em;`) resizing the entire element with `font-size` is way more manageable. Or anything for that matter with a non auto `width` other then `100%`. I think you are point on. The two existing sibling comments have contradictory excuses for this: 1. New developers might know this, but standards change fast, and it’s hard to keep up . 2. You can’t expect people new to the craft to know everything in the field . I personally found this article sub-basic. You could probably learn more and better on MDN. I think CSS might be one of few areas on HN where a sub-par article doesn’t get the constructive scrutiny it deserves in the top comments. I think the industry has an attitude problem towards the front end stack. HTML and CSS is not what programmers do. Nobody takes the time to learn it, everybody neglects it, managers hand it over to their newest junior developer, project managers are happy as long as it looks shiny, bootcamps don’t teach it properly, curriculums don’t teach it properly. In the end we have a bunch of people that don’t know anything about the craft, that accept poor craftsmanship as an industry standard. I had a conversation about this with my partner—who is a woodworker—this morning after reading this thread. I explained my perception of the status of front-end within our industry as such: It’s as if woodworking and carpentry were synonymous. There are woodworkers that do cabinetry, but all of them learned carpentry. At most they took a single course on cabinetry, but that course probably used outdated methods, tools designed for carpentry, and the teacher them self has build a couple of chairs and a few tables in the past. Most of the people new to the field of cabinetry would come for bootcamps that last for maybe a month where they had to learn woodworking from scratch. Good furniture makers are only expected to be good at woodworking in general. Master carpenters are often expected to be able to finish—or at least manage—furniture projects at their job. You can imagine the sloppy craftsmanship you would see in the furniture building industry if that were the case. And yet, as tech workers, here we are. Yes. A good column width or grid card inline-sizes is between 30ch and 45ch, generally you don’t want text to exceed 90ch. These numbers come from print design for magazine or journal layouts. In general the `ch` unit is perfect for defining the inline-size of text containers. Your evaluation is problematic. I am a front-end dev by trade and I could really easily say similar things about the tech stack you work with daily. If you want a good reference and a learning guide start with this: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS it is what us professional use. For us professionals that use CSS in our jobs, that have put the same amount of hours into front end technology as you have done for back-end, CSS is a perfectly cromulent technology. It is easy to work with, it is intuitive, it is easy to find a good reference (go to MDN not random blog posts from people that are admittedly not masters of the craft). If I try to cobble together a back-end I expect to be frustrated with it, I expect not to be able to do everything, I expect I’d need to find poor example and try to hammer them in to fit my needs, I don’t expect to be able to understand all the example snippets. Why are you on your high horse judging my tech stack this way? If you need a good well crafted front-end for your project, you should hire a professional front-end developer. Or find a friend who is one that is willing to it in their spare time. Or spend a few thousand hours learning and mastering the craft. Alternatively you can cobble together a good-enough front-end that works, just don’t complain about how hard it is because “technology hard wheee wheee”. Us professionals use it every day and are fine with it. I might be wrong but I think GP is talking about shadow parts[1] my-element::part(custom-selector) { /* ... */ } 1: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::part Don’t forget `display: contents` in which the element is instructed not to generate a box at all (neither inline nor block; I guess like `display: none` without hiding the content). But I think the spec maintainers are aware of this and CSS Display Module 3[1] allows multi-keywords so you can do stuff like: display: block grid; or: display: run-in ruby; or even: display: inline flow-root list-item; 1: https://drafts.csswg.org/css-display/#the-display-properties Well you come across as an outsider telling us that the tools that we use—and do a fine job with—are no good, and that our literature sucks. I am here to argue that this sort of attitude is problematic. If you browse through this thread you will find no shortage of comments describing how absolutely basic this article is (and a little void of insight, and a little out dated), and that there are people in the industry getting six figures while not knowing this stuff. Frankly it is a little insulting. And I think the attitude that you presented above is part of the problem. There definitely exists a lack of respect for the craft of front-end development within our industry. This sort of attitude is not helping. Something like this then: figure img { display: block; } figure figcaption img { display: inline; } To be even more pedantic: It is inline outside and flow-root inside. From MDN: > The element generates a block element box that establishes a new block formatting context, defining where the formatting root lies. https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/display-ins... This sort of class soup brakes the principal of DRY. Much better to use CSS to style. button { --background: teal; --focus-ring: 2px 2px 5px skyblue, -2px -2px 5px skyblue; background: var(--background); box-shadow: none; } button:hover { --background: wheat; } button:focus-visible, button:focus:not(:focus-visible) { outline: none; } button:focus-visible { box-shadow: var(--focus-ring); } Now you will never forget to add that `hover:bg-teal-600` class to your buttons. I recommend taking the State of CSS[1] survey, it is a nice way of keeping up with the latest features. Other then that I use PostCSS with the postcss-preset-env[2] plugin. There you can enable various future features of the language and have it compile down to a more supported version. If your really want to dive into the future of CSS you can read the issue board for the CSSWG[3] (beware, it can suck hours out of your days). Smashing Magazine[4] and A List Apart[5] also sometimes have articles about a new(ish) or upcoming features. But the CSS community could really benefit from the spec maintainers having more active bloggers among them (e.g. like Rachel Andrew[6]) and provide a regular update of the language like 2ality does for JavaScript[7]. 1: https://stateofcss.com/ 2: https://preset-env.cssdb.org/ 3: https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts 4: https://www.smashingmagazine.com/ 5: https://alistapart.com/ 6: https://rachelandrew.co.uk/ 7: https://2ality.com/2019/12/ecmascript-2020.html Same news, but from the the state radio: https://www.ruv.is/frett/2020/07/19/samningur-flugfreyja-og-... EDIT: And here is the news (in english from the state radio) about the controversial decision from the privately run Icelandair to lay of all its flight attendants because of the labor dispute: https://www.ruv.is/frett/2020/07/17/icelandair-lays-off-all-... yuk, that sounds racist. Note that a riot is a really loosely defined term, literally any civil unrest or any gathering which the authorities don’t agree with can be labelled as “a riot”. The actual charges given to people after a “riot” are usually unrelated (jaywalking, illegal lodging, etc.) and are mostly dropped before this goes through the courts. I haven’t looked at the figures but I would be very surprised to find the percentage of protestors arrested for the Black Lives Matter cause that are guilty of rioting is more then a single percent. To reword: I claim (though I don’t know the figure) that less then 1% of people arrested during a “riot” are found guilty of rioting. Centrism is inherently conservative, and will lean towards whatever the current system is. A “centrist” party in the Soviet Union would be just another communist party, and a centrist party in Australia is likewise just another capitalist party. Likewise a centrist party in the USA would be another run of the mill capitalist, pro-military, pro-police. pro-surveillance. It would basically just be the current Democratic party except it wouldn’t fight for immigration rights, abortion rights, nor gay rights. A lack of centrist parties is not what is wrong with American politics currently. A state where the government always servers corporate interests becomes indistinguishable—in all functional matter—from a state where all corporations are state controlled. I remember a bit back the Go server that I play most of my go these days [OGS]( https://online-go.com ) changed their ratings from Elo to Glicko-2. You can read their rationally for it in this forum: https://forums.online-go.com/t/ogs-has-a-new-glicko-2-based-... The key takeaway is this: > Most of the shortcomings [of Elo] can be traced back to the fact that the system is too slow to find a player’s correct rank, and too slow to adapt when jumps in strength occur. > The problem of slow moving ratings is a well-known problem with Elo implementations. In response to this, Prof. Mark Glickman developed the Glicko, and later Glicko-2, rating systems which address this problem very well and are fairly widely used A few weeks ago they then made an update to their implementation of Glicko-2, where—during the announcements they summarized many interesting statistics on how the system has panned out for them: https://forums.online-go.com/t/2020-rating-and-rank-tweaks-a...