What do you envision as the use case for this? You are not insane, but if you don't have a specific use in mind, you're bordering on being an architecture astronaut. Simple scheme implementations sans closures/callcc exist in ridiculously short amounts of code (100 lines or so), for just about any underlying language. But none of them is very useful. An interpreter such as you describe is practically guaranteed to make this too slow for any real use. It is my opinion that non of the "memory-to-memory" tasks is holding any better language back; if anything, it's accessing the real world and/or accessing other systems. The tasks you listed are usually available with a new language as part of its standard library, albeit not feature complete or with a standard interface. An implementation such as you suggested may provide a feature complete, standardised solution -- however, it will not be convenient due to "impedance mismatch" (differing object models / storage models / needed conversions back and from, etc). Validating an email address is all good, but without shelling out to /usr/bin/mail or tcp access, you can't actually send it -- and whatever you use for actually sending it probably has a validator already. Parsing, specifically (most of your examples) has relatively good language agnostic support in such things as the GOLD parser --- and yet, it always loses in convenience to a system that lets you embed implementation language constructs, such as yacc / lex / ometa / antlr / lemon and friends. Sorry for being a little non constructive, but I think that without a concrete, specific use case that clearly demonstrates an advantage, this project may be interesting philosophically, but useless in practice. When you work out an example compare: (cost of implementing said feature from scratch in a new language) to (cost of implementing interpreter + conversions from language + conversion of results back to language idioms + ... + in each language + 1/6 feature (amortized over 6 languages)). Take into account unicode and charset handling because you value correctness above all. I think you'll find it hard to justify. What are those languages somewhat devoid of libraries, and what is the large body of methods that can actually fit in this list of yours that you believe are holding language adoption back? I surely lack breadth of knowledge and imagination, but I can't come up with these lists. Back in '2000 or so, there were approximately 40 products in that space - I counted because I was working on one. They all required some form of download - and non of them got critical mass. Odigo Communicator; ICQ Surf; Zadu; Hypernix Gooey; Cahoots GetWebby; and a whole lot more. Also, there was an IE addin called 3rd voice that let you annotate a site for others. I wonder if now is a better time for this kind of products. There is so much contradicting evidence that it's not even funny. read Gary Taubes, Michel Cabanac, Seth Roberts. Do you know how the magical "1g protein = 4kcal, 1g carbohydrate = 4kcal, 1g fat = 9kcal" numbers were reached? Hint: They were never measured in vivo, or in vitro cells -- the follow from a very fragile theory, which breaks in every way you look at it -- and yet, it's considered "science. His diet as presented doesn't, but if you read his research notes (specifically, read through "what makes food fattening?") you'll see his own personal evidence/anecdote for this, and how it sits with other results. (But basically, beyond his own anecdote and theory which does not imply or contradict anything about calories, he mostly channels and enhances Cabanac and Israel) Other pointers: http://www.kuro5hin.org/story/2002/11/14/22741/791 - for an older version of K (from 2002), still very relevant. http://kx.com/q/d/ has the docs you're looking for (for a language called "q", which is exactly k with more english and less symbols). You can download a runtime from the kx website Dude, I'm in the market for a UK based VPN, but your IPHouse speed test is not responding. How do you know that "these cases of bad science are few compared to the good"? Seriously, whenever money or prestige is involved, the bad science has a much better chance. Quite a few people suggested gpg/hash or public key. If you do that (I wouldn't), be sure to include fluff before and after the number inside your signed message; A credit card has ~30 bit of randomness, and if you know the hashed/encrypted (even if salted) version of the hash, a hacker can just enumerate the credit card number to see if it comes out the same. It's not just the credit card numbers that are valuable -- it's the combination of credit card number + billing address that are generally required to make a purchase. 30 bit enumeration can require just a few minutes (or even seconds) on modern CPUs and GPUs. So, if you do store them this way, fluff them front and back with random data that you ignore when decoding. What would I do? Make sure the user has a password (Use HMAC/bcrypt to verify password; DO NOT STORE PASSWORD!); When the user logs in, derive key from password using a different HMAC with different salt, and store in memory/session vars only for as long as needed. Use that key to encrypt the credit card number with a symmetric cipher, e.g. AES; make sure to purge these keys from memory/session directory early and often. Advantage: You don't have access to the credit card on record even if you (or a rogue employee) wants to. Active participation from user _required_ to get access to data. If your server is hacked, only credit cards used while a hacker has complete view of traffic are compromised, and not all data stored. Even better: offload to payment processor and make it their problem. Really. No, I distrust everyone, but I distrust someone with an incentive to lie more. Phil Jones is famous and was reasonably comfortable tenured professor with a guaranteed steady income, and wielding power over most of the western world with prophecies of doom and gloom. It's unlikely he'll say "I've been wrong for the last 20 years" regardless of what science shows. There are numerous examples: Read Michael Pollen's NYTimes "Unhappy meals", "Is it all one big fat lie" or Gary Taubes "Good Calories, Bad Calories" on how nutrition science is perverted for profit. Read about the recent raw milk legislation about how medical science is perverted for profit. edit: Wanted to say I'm not stating anything about climate research, as I don't know enough about it; just that I don't share the "good science outnumbers bad science" view. I don't remember any time when Microsoft was "cool" or had "mojo", and I've been doing work since '88 at least. People who joined the scene in the mid '90s or later often think Microsoft is great -- because they don't know any better. Microsoft is the McDonalds of software. Does McDonalds have a mojo? Did they ever? Well then, the method I described earlier would work for you; Exposure is limited to clients actually giving their passwords and/or using the credit cards _while the system is compromised_ ; It mitigates the risk that you keep hearing about in breaches, of _all_ accounts being exposed. And just remember, that by storing those numbers locally, you're also taking potential liability for things that go wrong. To assess how much that is in cash, call a few insurance companies and ask them to give you a quote. Assume they have 25% markup on the real cost; That's how much you are "paying", although you are not doing it out-of-pocket (Though, in a catastrophic event, you _will_ be paying a lot) If it's monthly billing, why not keep that computer off (plugged out if you're worried about wake-on-LAN attacks), and manually turn it on once a week/month for 10 minutes to process everything? Do not ever cut and paste while writing code; type it again. When I learned programming in the ZX Spectrum / C64 era, magazines and books were also used as a software distribution media - and you'd have to type in the program to get the latest and greatest. I typed my share of programs (a few tens or hundreds of pages, I would guess), and doing that helped me figure out stuff like - which constructs are easier to memorise when you move your eyes back and forth from page to screen; - that shorter code is usually better - to keep only comments that would help me understand the code, NOT retype all the idiotic/historical comments originally in the program - you actually get intimately familiar with lots of code styles, good and bad Google "from nand to tetris", there are many versions around, text video etc. It starts with a "nand" gate - an electrical device that for all practical purposes has two binary inputs x,y and one output z with this mapping: x=0,y=0 => z=1 x=1,y=0 => z=1 x=0,y=1 => z=1 x=1,y=1 => z=0 where usually "0" is represented by zero volts and "1" is represented by e.g. 5 volts. (As for how a nand gate is actually built -- well, how much electronics/physics do you know? if not much, just assume it magically does. A lego version that works with levers instead of voltages can be found here http://goldfish.ikaruga.co.uk/ornand.html ) (edit: formatting) From this post, it sounds like they're dropping their on JIT for LLVM -- but I couldn't find any mention of this anywhere else. Does anyone around here know what the Mono JIT / LLVM situation is? It's relatively easy to find Python guys; It's harder, but still possible to find someone with Erlang or Lisp experience. It will be a couple more years since I would consider Clojure and friends. I would say that though it's easier to find a Java programmer than a Python programmer, it's easier to find a _competent_ Python programmer than a competent Java programmer. Java is NOT the only option. You'll love K / Q (unfortunately, not open source -- but you can download a copy from the kx developer site). You have to know 20 orthogonal functions/concepts, and everything else combines from there; There's no standard library to speak off, because there is hardly a need for one; Most "library functions" in other language are idiomatic expressions in K which are shorter than the name of the function they describe: +/ is "sum" (left fold +), (+/x)%#x is average (sum of x divided by length of x). maximum running sum is |/0(0|+)\ No magic; All semantics derived from very basic blocks. (not affiliated with Kx in any way -- just like the idea) (sorry for taking so long to reply) Yes, I'm familiar with J, and it is indeed closely related to K -- J was inspired, and in many ways evolved from A - an APL interpreter written by Arthur Whitney in one afternoon (see http://www.nsl.com/papers/origins.htm for more details). J tries to be complete and nice in the mathematical sense, e.g. having forks and trains, and functional inverses, as part of the language. K tries to be the simple practical language, rather than the philosophically consistent one: e.g. like APL and J, it is left-of-right long-right-scope, meaning 1+2+3+4+5 parses 1+(2+(3+(4+5))). However, the fold/over operator associates left - thus, +/ 1 2 3 4 5 actually computes (((1+2)+3)+4)+5 which seems inconsistent but is much more useful in practice. K (conceptually) has 3 data classes: atom (int, float, char, symbol), list (data indexed by sequential integers) and dict (data indexed by data -- an associative array); Everything else is an implementation detail (and these matter -- they make K blindingly fast -- but you can ignore them when trying to grok k). Multidimensional arrays are implemented as "list-of-lists" or "list-of-lists-of-lists ...." etc. (thus no "boxing" is needed). All list/dict access is done by indexing. Compress/expand are replaced by the "where" function which converts a list of booleans to their indices -- e.g. to zero all elements less than 3 you can do: x[where x K has a much simpler base (which is surprisingly sufficient in practice), and the symbols make more sense to me. YMMV > C has even had fast interpreters for a while - see tinycc as an example. It doesn't use a tracing compiler, but a very straight forward direct translation compiler which happens to be faster than many interpreters. How is tinycc an interpreter? It's a full-blown compiler, alas a very simple one with very little optimization. If it weren't faster than an interpreter, I'd be shocked. For well written code, it reaches 50%-70% of modern gcc speed from tests I did a couple of years ago. I think that's on par, or even slightly better, than gcc 1.x > The incremental-JIT approach (LuaJIT) has less information to work with, and it's not aware which parts of the program are bottlenecks, so it can't intelligently decide which parts parts need optimization most. You are probably thinking of LuaJIT 1.x; The recent LuaJIT 2 is tracing JIT, and it beats to hell out of every other dynamic language compiler, bar none. Mike Pall for president! No no no! For the love of $(DIETY), don't call them openstache and closestache, but rather leftstache and rightstache. While there isn't a difference in left-to-right language, those of us unfortunate enough to have to support right-to-left languages need a nontrivial algorithm to decide whether openstache is actually a leftstache or a rightstache (because the grpahic form of the character is that of a leftstache, independent of directionality, rather than openstache, which mirrors based on directionality) Actually, they don't. They just have cache-friendly primitives, and a compact interpreter that mostly sits within the i-cache of modern processors. It makes a world of a difference -- staying in the i-cache and doing mostly sequential access is easily 10 times faster than random, non-i-cache-friendly access. There is (AFAIK) one programming language that is RTL -- a variation on Basic which has been dead for about 15 years now. The open-paren / left-paren problem is there even in e.g. Word, explictly _because_ it's considered open-paren rather than left-paren; When you type 'alif' (arabic 'a' equiv) 'ba' (arabic 'b' equiv) shift-9 (left paren), you get ')' 'ba' 'alif' . but if you type 'a' 'b' shift-9, you get 'ab('. if you insert a different directionality character immediately in fromt of the open-paren, the paren will be flip. The rules for flipping parens are specified in the Unicode standard, and are extremely nontrivial and nonintuitive (both for implementing and for using -- it's often hard to get the kind of character you want!). And it all exists because some idiot thinking "abstraction! It is an open-or-close that the person means, not the left-or-right!" was sitting in the committees making the decisions; There _was_ dissenting opinion, giving exactly the example I gave above, but abstraction was deemed way more important than usability. But 99.9% of JS code doesn't do that, so it should be optimized for that case. LuaJIT keeps enough info around to go back to the interpreter at the moment anything goes different than previously traced -- I see no reason JS couldn't do the same. http://freshmeat.net/ - the biggest catalog you can find of released open source software, be it libraries or full blown. Strictly speaking, it is Linux/Unix software -- but almost all of it is open source. Like with commercial software, projects vary greatly in their quality and maturity; but freshmeat also collects release history with changes per release, which would give you a good idea of how well maintained, and how responsive project maintainers are. Go to your nearest hackerspace - http://hackerspaces.org/wiki/List_of_Hacker_Spaces - 4 are listed in Boston. MakerBot, the maker of affordable, open source, 3D printers, grew out of Resistor in NYC. What's the cheap legal way to get it? Empower is going away May 21st; Any other options? And the 5D becomes _much_ more useful for film making with the much improved, open source Magic Lantern firmware patch from Trammell Hudson http://magiclantern.wikia.com/wiki/Magic_Lantern_Firmware_Wi... If binary search is complicated, what is _simple_ by your standards? PageRank is essentially a version of the "stationary probability distribution of a discrete markov process" applied to web pages being states and link being transitions. I remember learning the math back in '96, and it was old then -- perhaps 40 years old. What is interesting about this finding, is that it was _already_ applied to evaluating scientific papers and quotes. http://nsl.com/ (start with the "Tools" heading and go down). A spreadsheet that works in 2 lines, and one that's significantly nontrivial in 20. A database that works in 14 lines. A chat server. a 15-puzzle game. Eliza. A simplifier for algebraic expressions. All of them in extremely concise code, that you are going to ignore with a SEP field. You're welcome. Well, it's time the vast majority of people become aware of privacy implications, facebook and otherwise. Most people don't care even when warned, ("I don't have anything to hide", "I share with whoever is interested" is just some of the responses I got trying to educate people), and deserve whatever it is that is going to happen to them. Facebook has actually dealt with this brilliantly several times in the past -- they said, "here are the new terms of service. If at least 70% of facebook users vote against it, we won't do it". They even sent this out as a message to all users. That's a good way to call the bluff of the outragees -- almost no one cares, and facebook has the numbers to prove it, should they be sued for it. Like in previous times, some people will get alarmed, 150 will delete their facebook accounts, and that's about it until the next gross violation. Lather, Rinse, Repeat. Mark Zuckerberg and his cohorts pwn you. There is no way not to play, as the game was set up so that all your real-life friends sell you out (by telling all about you, tagging you in photos, etc). And they all do it willingly. Orwell would have been proud. obligatory mention: MakerBot makes $750 3D printer kits that cost pennies to operate. While the results are not comparable to what is shown in the article, the age of the 3D printer in every home is almost here. It's already priced low enough that every designer of 3D objects can own one. Not affiliated with MakerBot. (And they are good guys -- all the plans and source code are available for you to download and build yourself). Well, a quick read of their white paper makes it look like they just copied the kdb design ( http://cs.nyu.edu/shasha/papers/hpts.pdf - which they actually reference in one of their papers). But perhaps they did something new as well? edit: citeseer link was broken; replaced with link to shasha's website. Not delusional for 99% of startups. The people who are simultaneously good at writing device drivers in ARM assembly, JSP pages using Spring, and natural language processing are indeed rare. However, most startups don't require that breadth; rather, they need a good grasp of web technologies, a good grasp of databases, a good grasp of networking and a good grasp of the problem domain. THAT'S NOT AS RARE. You just have to know where to look, and how to be attractive enough -- usually these people are happily employed and make good money. To attract them, you need to offer better terms (money; interest; title; whatever) Add a command to make a sound and/or push the build window / ide forward at the end of the compile. It really is as simple as that if you want it. And yet, when you looked at e.g. the web server data back in the early 2000's, you had 70% apache 25% IIS -- and yet about 20 times as many exploits (and much more effective at that) for IIS. The reason was, to put it bluntly, that IIS was designed without any regard to real security, whereas Apache had _some_ regard to security. That's also the case for Windows through its history; it has been making leaps recently, but doing things more securely requires it to become less convenient / not backwards compatible, and therefore it is still, relatively speaking, way more vulnerable when used by your average user. I'm not up-to-date, but up until 2007 or so, a significant number of web browser vulnerabilities were directly or indirectly a result of Windows and Explorer's love of executing files after wrongly identifying them as e.g. wav or doc files. The single Unix design decision that a file must have an executable flag out-of-band, and the convention that by default this flag is off, both of which date back to 1970, have kept Unix safe from these kinds of bugs. Sane default permissions on system directories are another decision; the latter has been adopted by Windows in XP SP2 IIRC, the former still hasn't. To start with, Apache default setup would bind to port 80 and switch to user 'apache' or 'httpd', whereas IIS (back then, that was IIS4/5 days) default and hard-to-change setup was that it was running with SYSTEM priviliges. There had been security audits of the apache code base since its early dates (as NCSA Web Server), whereas IIS didn't (or, judging from its track record, if it did have they were done by incompetents who didn't notice the strcpy(host_field, ...) would overflow with a host name > 1024 bytes. IIS had everything in the same process, meaning every thing exploitable somewhere would bring the whole server with it. Apache used a worse-performing but better compartmentalized process-per-request model. Just to be clear, apache at the time was NOT a beacon of security or good design or anything. But it did follow standard Unix practices, which put it a significantly better place than the IIS of the time (which was written like a Windows desktop program). At the time, IIS exploits were being found at a rate of 4 remote roots per month, with worms actively exploiting them, whereas apache had one of these every several months, usually only exploitable if you knew the exact O/S version it was running on. Twitter is not in any way unique or hard. If they spent more time thinking and less experimenting, they would have figured that they need a small in memory databse, and would have solved their technical problems easily and cheaply more than two years ago. errr, no. It is in no way more generic or less error prone. Just asserting that does not make it so. You _can_ get the loop wrong, if you accumulate(dice1.begin(), dice2.end(), ...) for example, or switching the begin() and the end(). You can just as easily change the addition operation to anything else in the non-boost/stl version. In the 2nd version, when you _do_ make a mistake, if the compiler catches at you get an error message that's totally unreadable with 2000 character error lines. And if the compiler doesn't catch it, and it causes a runtime problem, it is also extremely awkward to backtrace. Not to mention, you need the latest-and-greatest compiler to do the lambda thingy, for no obvious benefit. or, in APL/K style languages, +/dice`facevalue Well, the kernel is so shockingly simple in part BECAUSE no one let C++ in. And it is a testament to Linus' great leadership and censorship that it remains that way. I haven't been following STL implementations recently, but that definitely wasn't the situation even in 2007 (Over 10 years after STL was finalized..); In fact, the only implementation that it did back then was STLPort, at a huge performance hit, and only at runtime. And what you say about compilers is EXACTLY why I wrote the "latest and greatest". It's only recent clangs that can give intelligible messages for C++ (if at all) because Clang C++ support is not even ready for production yet. VC++ 2005 (last I used) did not get give reasonable errors. APL is the language of the future (and has been, since the early '60s). While it does have a demanding learning curve that is uncommon in this day and age of all-popular-languages-are-curly-brace-languages-and-approximately-equivalent, (more demanding than e.g. haskell in my opinion), and it is very rewarding. For example, APL has the "foreach" mindset done right; I suppose C#, Java and friends will get there at some point. But for now, APLs foreach is inherently parallel; C#/Java's is inherently unparallelizable. What would you prefer for your common 80-core machine of next year? APL is an option. You'll have to fork for Dyalog (or APLX or whatever else is out there) if you want to use it, there is no free IDE or anything available. J is also an option. It's APL's cousin; it's free, and can handle lots of data with ease and elegance. Both languages take time to learn, and are probably not similar to anything else you've used, but are very rewarding -- even if you end up not using them, your style in any other language will improve. Other alternatives are Matlab, Numpy and R (which you've already mentioned). Numpy is great if you feel good with Python. Basically, the magic elements are "64-bit" and "memory mapping". These two together, if used properly, will make it look like any data set fits in memory. Actually indexing it so that things don't slow down too much is up to you. Don't skimp on physical memory. From the q) console, type backslash-enter, and you'll be at the k console. q is just a very simple syntactic sugar layer on top of k4. Same ideas, very different implementation: * ksql was folded into the language; that means ksql datatypes become native (time, date, ...), and tables become first class citizen. This actually simplifies the whole thing considerably -- from a philosophical point of view, k4 has exactly 3 data types: atoms, lists, and dicts. Everything else is a trivial-in-retrospect application of these 3. * "electric" gui is gone; dependencies are still there in pretty much the same way, but triggers take a wholly different form. So, 2-line spreadsheet implementation is gone :( * The _verb form is gone The language is essentially the same, even though your scripts will need porting due to these changes. UML tools seem to lack substance on any platform. Use pencil, eraser, and paper for design. And know that most diagrams are not as useful as everyone says they are. Meh. LuaJIT seems to be where the JIT innovation really is. You commit the fallacy of assuming that if you pay someone to do a job he claims to be competent at, you'll get a better-than-random performance. Statistics for active fund managers show that 85% do strictly worse than the benchmark index (usually S&P or DJ), 5% or so are comparable with the index (i.e., they do better but that gets eaten away by their cost), and only 10% beat the benchmark. And fewer than 3% or so consistently beat their benchmark year after year. (Those that know what they are doing are not fund managers; they run hedge funds and make a lot more for themselves. Which should _not_ be taken to mean the reverse - i.e. that people who run hedge funds know what they are doing). Do read "A random walk down wall street" That's true if and only if, by "short term" you mean 15 years in nominal terms, and 20 years in real terms. That's from history (1929 to 1944-49). Perhaps this time it might take longer. > Diversification to me is like shooting a shotgun. Most stocks are profitable(they'd be delisted otherwise) so the scattershot(shotgun shot) is a nice way to handle that, and that is diversification. That's not true. Continuous loss is not a ground for delisting. Going below a certain per-stock value (e.g. $1 or $0.01 depending on trading value) is, and that can be fixed by a so called "reverse split", without making the stock any more valuable. Follow this discussion: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/bcpgt/ On both reddit and lambda-the-ultimate; it has all the important stuff. Also there's the shootout stuff already posted as a reply to you. And you can download LuaJIT2 and experiment yourself. Actually, you mostly do need to beat the benchmark each year to be a long term success. Make 1% each year more than the benchmark for 10 years, and then lose 30% compared to the benchmark in one year, and you are a horrible failure. And that happens often. And if you could name some of these "long term managers" it might actually be helpful for the discussion. I don't know what your background is, but you come off this discussion as someone who knows how the world works, evidence be damned. I've been working in this field successfully for the last 8 years, and no one who _is_ successful (in the beating-the-benchmark sense) stays in index/mutual fund management -- they all go to "success fee" management (think private equity, hedge funds, etc). If you're any good, why earn 1% of AUM per year, when you can earn 2% of AUM + 20% of profits? I'm not familiar with HSGFX specifically. I've just compared them in Google Finance. If you put your money into HSGFX in the beginning of 2003, you would have been at +7% today; the SPY (benchmark) would be at +18% today. Depending on where you put your start date, you would sometimes be better off in HSGFX and sometimes better off in SPY. I see no indication from this past performance that there is any reason to believe it is any better than the SPY benchmark. I was replying to "active managed mutual fund is better than index", which statistically speaking is WRONG approximately 5 times more often than it is right. "Buy index fund" is (statstically) the right answer to "which stocks should I buy" which was more or less the original question. > As someone with experience, what would you recommend the OP (or any index investor) do to help preserve capital? Stay away from the stock market until 2013 at least, possibly later. The stock market has completely decoupled from fundamentals and performance. Last year's rally had no fundamental support whatsoever. The things that are likely to preserve capital are gold, and some government bonds. My personal strategy is to diversify on currencies (counting gold as a currency here), using strictly CDs and government bonds. I'm trying to make sure I have RETURN OF CAPITAL, rather than maximize RETURN ON CAPITAL at the moment. Some governments _will_ default on some of their obligations in the next 5 years. Many banks, bond and debt issuers will too. The stock market at the moment is, as far as the non-professional is concerned, an HFT casino. Stay away, unless you like gambling. Investment is a foreign concept to this stock market. If you want to learn more about the market, read Denninger ("the market ticker"), ZeroHedge and Michael Shedlock ("global economic analysis"). Only listen to CNBC, CNN, Jim Cramer and friends if you plan on losing money. I don't agree with that list, but I think quicksort is given way more weight than it deserves. I guess it's a desired result of whomever named it "quicksort". It's not particularly quick, has horrible worst case guarantees (which, if you care to improve, would make it slower still and very complicated), and is easy to get wrong on many accounts (repeating elements; already sorted input; unlimited recursion depth). heapsort is simpler than quicksort, and has the best worst-case complexity you can get. It's not stable, but then neither are most quicksorts. quicksort has its place, but it gets a lot more attention than it deserves. > The main advantage to quicksort is that it's still the fastest average-case-in-practice of the common algorithms. I don't think that's true if you average over the available distribution of _implementations_ in the wide. Almost all implementations do one to three of the "crimes" I mentioned above. And frankly, I've met too much real world cases that triggered an n^2 behaviour on an existing implementation to ever settle for anything with worse than n*log n worst case. If you're looking for the fastest-in-both-theory-and-practice algorithm, that's TimSort, but it's not in place. The places _in practice_ where Quicksort is the right answer are few and far between. I haven't seen any in the last 10 years. For f*ck sake, no. It doesn't go far enough. Don't like the GPL? Don't use it; it's just that you then fall back on standard interpretations of "derivative work", which -- you'll find, are at least as restrictive. 8 notes are enough to constitute derivative work for music, as are 4 paragraphs. I'm not aware of specifics for code, but I believe they'll be even less comfortable for you than any gpl interpretation. mentally replace "language" with "language environment" and all will make sense to you; it will also put you in line with how most people read this discussion. You: language = base syntax + semantics Most: language = base syntax + semantics + common idioms + standard library + popular libraries An included Web Browser with 99.99% of JavaScript interpreters is a pretty big battery. qmail has been placed in the public domain a few years ago. Have you actually done any HFT work? I know that's what most people believe, but the HFT outfits I am familiar with have algorithms that are extremely complex, and while they need to be fast, just being faster than them with a dumb algorithm won't get you anywhere. Speaking of which ... does anyone know of a good way to tell from inside an iframe if it's visible on screen? I want to sync some javascript to the point in time in which it becomes visible. (I can sort-of-estimate that on Firefox 3.6 with mozInnerScreenY, but I found no way to do it on other browsers or older Firefox) Have you ever seen a study that links cholesterol intake to blood levels? I was looking for one long ago, and the only research I could find said that over 90% of cholesterol is produced by the body. Part of the reason is that American wallets don't have a coin purse inside them -- the reason for which is that coins aren't that useful. Catch-22 You have the weird assumption that government works for the people. In fact, government will likely help Facebook extend their monopoly in return for easy access to all the data that facebook collects on you. If you use facebook often, especially from a mobile phone, then you are leaving a data trail for everything you are doing in your life, and everything your friends are doing. It is easy to apply that against you if needed, which is why a government will be happy to support facebook. Probably not; It's just that floating point on x86 without SSE is ridiculously awkward, and it's becoming hard to find platforms with no SSE2, so no sense in making an effort to support the x87 or SSE1 instruction sets. Not a chance, though I wish it would. It was born in sin, marketed beyond merit, and has a horrible culture of bureaucracy and overhead. The Emergence of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind by Julian Jaynes. A mind blowing explanation of consciousness. The jury is still out with most critics considering this wrong -- but nevertheless, it's an amazingly detailed (and well supported) theory of where consciousness, gods, schizophrenia etc come from. There are about a thousand FP programmers to every imperative programmer, if not ten thousands. They use a tool you may have heard of, called "Excel", which is quite limited in scope. It is an FP subset which is at the same time trivial to understand (much more so than imperative programming for most users!), and coupled with a usable I/O capabilities, is surprisingly sufficient for many uses. (IDE, documentation, maintainability all suck, though; I wouldn't recommend it as your main FP tool if you can avoid it) This. The US tax laws in this respect are retarded; you have to pay taxes at the moment you exercise your options, regardless of whether you can resell them or not. In the previous bubble, it happened that people exercised options that made them tax liable for e.g. $1M (because e.g. an IPO made it worth $5M), but had a lockup of 6-months, which is quite common, and at the end of the lockup period, their stocks were worth less than $1M. In some other countries, you only pay taxes when you actually see money. That makes a lot more sense. And, Israel is now considering a new tax law which says an investment into a "startup" (whatever that means) is immediately considered a capital loss. Then, if it makes money, you have capital gain. for large-capital-base angels, it makes cash flow simpler, -- and in fact, if they elect to use it, they'll pay more taxes on their successes at the end. for small-time angels making one or two investments a year, it is a huge difference in cashflow. for the state, it doesn't matter in the long run, because it just gets the capital lost written down sooner than later. if dtach is a lifesaver for you, gnu screen will really blow your mind -- it can let you detach the controlling terminal from the session (and as a bonus, if you are working with other people, you can connect to the terminal simultaneously to work together) College degree is probably not too bad if you settle for local community college -- about $5,000/year or so. Private universities and colleges can easily get to $30,000/year. As for healthcare, it IS that bad. Most working people have reasonable coverage (some of then even at reasonable price, as a percentage of income). However, it ties the worker to the employer. If you get fired, you lose your health insurance. If you quit, to move to another job, you lose your health insurance and have to get a new one (and at least until the recent healthcare laws, they didn't have to accept you -- sucks if something happens during your first job, because it's a "pre-existing condition" for the new one). The end result is that employees are often held captive by their job because of the (essentially unrelated) health benefits. A friend of mine married 6 months earlier than planned to get coverage because she lost her own job. Job mobility is much harmed. There's COBRA -- an insurer must let you keep paying for one more year. However, the employer subsidy is gone, so people who pay $200/month all of a sudden find themselves having to pay $1200/month after quitting their job (or being fired). I discovered about 20 years ago that wheat products, and independently, yeast products (and especially bread which contains both) make me feel bad. Not throw-up bad or fever bad -- just bad, tired, puffed up. I've tried to get a diagnosis to no avail. Celiac was ruled out by lab testing, and as a result doctors started suggesting it might be a psychological problem. Me, I listen to my body. And re "nonsensical faddish bullshit", that describes practically all accepted nutritional science these days. The "calories in - calories out" lacks any scientific basis, and is disproved in just about every experiment -- yet it is somehow considered true. Personally, I consider this anecdotal theory just as valid as what your average nutritionist would tell you. (References: Taubes "Good Calories, Bad Calories"; Roberts "What makes food fattening"; Cabanac) MathWorks is not feeling intimidated by IDL, Maple or for that matter Accelereyes yet. Why should they spend money? They might pay attention if Accelereyes gains traction. They did 10 years ago or so with MathTools. The price for the cupcake CNC (previous model) HAS come down while supplies last -- you can get it really cheap. The Thing-O-Matic is a new, much improved model. I believe it made the rabbit; I've seen similar things made by cupcake, and thing-o-matic is supposed to be even more preceise. And last but not least -- it's all open source. Build one yourself if you think the price is too high. I think their profit margin is very reasonable, and if you try to build one from scratch it is probably going to cost you at least as much in bill-of-materials-and-lasercutting alone. The system right now significantly favours whoever can invest >$50000/month in infrastructure (regardless of trading volume). For example, in the recent flash-crashes (e.g. 6-may), anyone using the "standard" feed had a lag of several minutes on price data, whereas anyone using the newer interfaces (at $10K "pay-to-play" minimum) got up-to-date prices. While this was extreme, it did happen 4 times in the last 6 months; And it happens every single day to a lesser degree. Also, "flash orders" which got everyone raging last year are still permitted. Their only purpose is to let the faster players profit at the expense of the slower players. The regulation here is broken. Markets change; that does not mean the market today is operating properly. If anything was game, you wouldn't need the SEC or the huge amount of laws and regulations to make it work. Insider-trading laws were needed because some people were able to take advantage of others. The details have changed, but still -- a lot of what is not illegal today should be. Why do you think flash orders are not practiced anymore? The SEC hasn't banned them, and AFAIK some brokers still flash their clients orders before executing them. > but even if you're order is flashed it will only match if the price is improved. I don't think you understand how flash orders work -- flash orders tell some 3rd party what YOU will be doing in the next second, enough time for that 3rd party to snatch all offers at that price, raising the price for you. Of course if you had a limit order it wouldn't match; but now, if you still want to buy those shares (which most flashed clients do, for whatever reasons), you have to pay a higher price. Incidentally, it's almost always that 3rd party which offers those shares to you -- guaranteeing their profit. That's a good definition. If you compare market mechanics in any US exchange to e.g. Eurex, you see that in almost every place they are different, there's a player in the US that uses that difference to generate essentially risk-free profit. I'm sure there are similar problems in Eurex -- only much, much fewer, and less visibly exploited. US markets are totally broken. You can get a cupcake cnc (old makerbot) for half price while their supplies still last. > There is a huge nuance in what you just said. Folks, the markets are complicated. There are a ton of rules. Make sure you understand them if you want to play this game. Having built systems that traded quadrillions in notional value (and in the process made a small percentage of that in profit), I think I have an idea what I'm talking about and how to play this game. Everything you said is true in theory, except practice is quite a bit different: ETrade will flash your order in order to get a better price; and one second later, will go to the NBBO. But some of the players they flash to will go and BUY the NBBO within that second. So when ETrade, after not having able to improve your price, goes to the NBBO, they found they can no longer fill at the price that was available just a second ago. That's unfair advantage for the flasher -- a second ago, the ask was at 10.02 and bid was 10.01, which means the fair price is somewhere in between, but definitely not more than 10.02; Now, the flasher knows there's a buyer at 10.02 -- so they buy it themselves at 10.02 and offer to sell at 10.03; In many cases, the buyer will still want to buy, making the flasher a profit of 0.01; In the worst case, the flasher can offer it again at 10.02, paying only commission on his failed trade, and is likely to sell to the same buyer. I know of institutions who actually made money that way, lots of it, with ridiculously low risk. And it's legal, because the broker is allowed to flash the order to anyone they want for one second before going to the NBBO, and the flasher has no commitment not to abuse that. > Go read about the national market system. Go read the old rules about flash orders and price improvement. Then reconsider what you've just typed. The NBBO system is broken and has been for years. The flashing technique I highlighted above is one example. During the flash crash of may 6, the CQS (and NBBO) was 20 seconds delayed, meaning you couldn't fill at the NBBO prices. There's a difference between the stated purpose of flashing, and how it is used in practice. > Flash orders give some 3rd party the opportunity to fill your order. Alternative way to look at it: Flashing advertises your order to several parties, and gives them one full second to front run you at ARCA, where the best price currently is. (Oh, and they have the option to fill it directly at ARCAs price immediately). > If they decline, your order is routed to ARCA where it is filled at $50.01 (and ARCA receives the commission), and you pay a routing fee. Except, one of the guys the order was flashed to, (who declined) has already bought that 50.01 at ARCA, so now the NBBO price is 50.02; incidentally, by a pure coincidence , it's being sold by the same guy who just bought it 50.01. I've played the HFT game for the last 10 years. Don't believe a single word of the official propaganda about why something is employed; It's all there to generate more traffic for the exchanges; e.g., in the case described above, ARCA gets two transaction fees instead of one, and the broker gets their routing fee AND some kickback from the flashee. > You're drastically overstating the costs. I can put a server at the Nasdaq data center using Lightspeed Trading as my broker for $1,000. Prices have dropped then. When NASDAQ bought INET, my payment came up for $400/month to $6000/month without any change in the service I was receiving (and it did come with onerous reporting requirements that I didn't factor into the $6000 above). I've been out of the game for a while. (But these $6000 was just payment to nasdaq -- hosting and comm line to my office was a few grands more; and that's just NASDAQ. each of the other exchanges had similar costs) > Go read about why many of the high-frequency firms pulled out of the market. They pulled out because the exchange's data feeds themselves were starting to fall behind. Their data was suspect, just as was everyone elses. If your data feed is lagged 4 times out of the last 6 months then you might want to go look at DTN's NxCore product. It doesn't lag and it's costs are quite reasonable for anyone who might need data at that level of fidelity. I have actually been out of the game myself recently, so I didn't actually experience the flash crash. But friends still in the industry told me that the ITCH feeds (and the other exchange direct high-speed feeds) weren't lagging, only the CQS and NBBO feeds were. The point is, if you don't have the ITCH/ARCABOOK/MDP/EBS data today, you are already at a disadvantage. 10 years ago, a $1500/month Bloomberg or Reuters terminal gave you the same info as everyone else. Today, if you're looking at multiple markets, you need to spend $50000/month to not be disadvantages. Those are real numbers as of a few years ago. I'm surprised prices have dropped, because they were constantly going up all the time. > Where? Please cite a specific exchange and point me to the specific order type in their documentation. I've read the specs of nearly every major futures and equities liquidity venue in the US, so I doubt this is a true statement. Flashes are done by brokers, not by exchanges! A broker gets your order; they are allowed 1 full second before they must fill it at the NBBO at that time. EXCHANGE ORDERS ARE NEVER FLASHED. at time 0ms, you send a "BUY 100 INTL, LIMIT 110.13" to your broker. The broker must fill that at the NBBO if possible at 1000ms at the latest. So at 1ms, they say to all their "flash" partners "WOULD YOU LIKE TO FILL 100 INTL AT 110.13 OR LOWER?". Now, theoretically, those partners should just check their own book and reply. But practically, these partners also rush out to buy 110.13 at the Philadelphia Stock Exchange (where the NBBO is), so now the NBBO is no longer at 110.13. They do offer to sell it at 110.14 on ARCA. But at 1000ms (1 second later), the original client order which WOULD have been filled if the broker just went to PSE and NOT flashed it, CANNOT BE FILLED. What the average client will do is probably say, "well, ok then -- I want Intel at 110.14". The broker now flashes this order, and our flashee guy from earlier is happy to fill the order -- locking a profit of 0.01 with essentially zero risk. And if the client doesn't come back for 110.14? They'll just update the ARCA order to be 110.13; They're almost guaranteed to sell it to the same guy. So, with some (small in practice) probability, the flashee pays a small commission; with large probability, they get free profit minus a small commission. > Wrong, the purpose is to provide incentive for participants to trade at a specific exchange by giving them an opportunity to trade before the broader market does. For this they must improve the NBBO to match the flashed order. That's theory. Practice of flashing is different. Note that exchanges DON'T wait this whole flashing second -- they either fill it locally immediately or route it to the NBBO. But brokers are allowed to do it. > A full second is nonsense. Also, the person placing the order can turn it off. If I'm not mistaken (and I might be, it's been awhile since I looked), Interactive Brokers were flashing their clients orders up until recently as well; they didn't call it flashing, they called it "smart routing" -- but if you opted out, you paid routing fees whereas if you opted in, those fees would often be waived. > Direct Edge is the venue allowing flash orders. ARCA gets two commissions, but DE gets nothing. DE is the last flashing exchange. They get their fees if they fill the 2nd order by the flashee, or routing fees if they direct to ARCA. The only way they get nothing is if nothing ever gets traded in the entire transaction except the first, which usually is NOT the case. > If it happened to any significant degree, how come the SEC didn't find it? Are you asking that seriously? The SEC is in bed with the industry. They don't look for anything, and they don't find anything. (google "Harry Markopolos" and "Madoff" if you want an insight into how the SEC works. Read ZeroHedge and Denninger to see DAILY examples of undeniable fraud and insider trading that the SEC never looks at. Seriously, if you trust the SEC to do anything, you shouldn't be in finance) I stand corrected -- "flashing" used to mean all that. It goes back at least 10 years, when I started trading (and, according to Wikipedia, as far back as 1978). Now it only means what the exchange side does, and what brokers do is called "internalization". But it's the same thing. I know it's being exploited for frontrunning on the broker side, and I see no reason why it wouldn't be possible on the exchange side (even if its just 30ms -- that's more than enough to frontrun the client in the NBBO exchange at the time). Yes, a 50/50 is reasonable, even if the other guy had the original idea (which you didn't mention, but I would assume given the facts). Ideas are (almost) worthless. The equity split should reflect resources put in (including potential resources like industry connections), risk taken, and opportunity cost. Sounds like you're both putting in same resources and taking same risks. You didn't mention opportunity cost. If it's his idea, and he can get someone at his term (0% ownership, percent of sales), then it makes no sense for him to take you on a 50%. If you have to quit a $500K/year job to work on it, and he has to quit a $50K/year job to work on it, then even though the idea is originally his, the split should be biased towards you (Not necessarily 90/10, but definitely not 50/50); Essentially, you'll be paying $500K a year for the privilege of founding the company, whereas he only pays $50K. It's a market like any market. If you couldn't reach an agreement, the price wasn't right for either side. Sounds to me like you did the right thing. I almost never see ads on the net (ABP for the win), so my reply relates to television/billboard/newspaper ads: Consciously, very often in a negative way: Some ads make me less likely to buy or even consider the advertised brand/product. These include obviously fraudulent e.g. Enzyte (not that I needed, but if I ever did, I would never consider), to the we-assume-you're-an-idiot-and-have-short-term-memory ones like Ditech, and includes the we're-trying-hard-to-exploit-your-thought-processes-but-are-incompetent-at-it ones like Sprint's. If an ad is smart, I'm more likely to be interested in the product e.g., Sony's '80s Trinitron 5 second genius ad: A man stands by a turned off Trinitron and says "This is the new Sony Black Trinitron. But I can't show you how good it is. Not with this one" (and knocks on the screen of the TV you're watching from the inside) I think 99.9% of the advertising I see leaves no impression at all, though. I can't measure my unconscious response (duh), but I suspect it's nearly non existent -- I have so few brand name items that it's unlikely to have had much effect. That's meaningless. I ran NT3.5 on a 16MB Pentium machine at one point and it ran comfortably, true. I also ran System/390 on 32MB of RAM a couple of years before that. That's no indication that System/390 is appropriate in any way or manner for the embedded world. Windows 7 is not easily portable to a phone; That's why Windows Phone 7, a CE derivative, -- an entirely different codebase that MS has been maintaining for the last 15 years, exists. Google has an office in Manhattan, 15th street and 8th avenue if I'm notmistaken. I haven't personally been to any other google office, but it doesn't look different than the pictures of any of them; All the perks, sleeping pods and cafeteria stuff seems to be there. Said seller did 2.5% of daily average, and did it slowly. That triggers a crash all on its own. And we're supposed to believe that the SEC has any idea what's happening. Personally, I prefer subdomains, because I often type URLs into the bar. People who google everything wouldn't know the difference anyway. Over the last 2 years, every big organization switched to folders (it used to be mail.google.com and finance.google.com, and now it's www.google.com/mail and www.google.com/finance; the only google exception I'm aware of is news.google.com). I remember reading an article about that having something to do with ease of geobalancing or something. Get a VPS. Depending on your bandwidth vs. cpu requirements, the following should all be interesting to you: linode.com ; vpslink.com ; rackspace cloud . prgmr.com has good reputation and is run by an HN regular. However, every time I wanted to get a VPS there, they had no room left at the time .. Funny you should consider async i/o to be premature optimization. To me it looks like the only reasonable way to build a non-trivial system. Threads on the other hand, are the often the wrong optimisation -- processes are the right one. And people who worked on VAX/VMS systems fondly remember the unit of time called "microfortnight" -- it's about 1.21 seconds, which means for short periods you can reason about it like seconds. However, you know that when you schedule your backup to happen every 500,000 microfortnights it will happen exactly every week. Well, with very high probability, your logic is broken in the face of errors / malicious users then. Node's async structure is just taking the async model of the web one step further, into processing the same request asynchronously if you need to wait for something else. You might be master of doing this logic right, but I've audited tens (perhaps hundreds) of systems, and all the synchronous ones got it wrong. (Disclaimer: I've never worked with Node. But I've been writing async servers in C and Python since 1999). > It is more fattening if it has more calories. That's known not to be true. See http://www.sethroberts.net/about/whatmakesfoodfattening.pdf ; If this theory is true, then the fact that McD tastes the same every time makes it more fattening independently of calories. Even if you disagree with this premise (it IS controversial), the research he references (Michel Cabanac, Robert Israel) is an accepted and very strong indication that in fact the caloric content is NOT what makes food fattening. No they usually don't. Because the "didn't work for us" is usually not conclusive proof of the contrary. It does (rarely) happen in Physics where everything is expected to be repeatable, and results from one experiment carry over to similar experiments. It almost never happens in medicine, where the bar of acceptance of a hypothesis is already ridiculously low. No, you aren't parsing this correctly. Cabanac has reproducible research that shows people losing weight on (IIRC) 2500 calories per day and NO physical activity whatsoever, because they were bed-ridden. MGU had a research once that had people gaining weight on 1500 calories/day and losing weight on 3000 calories/day with comparable physical activity (this one included running, etc.) The "calories in / calories out" argument is very far from science. If you trace its origins, you'll see it's not much more than a folk tale. It's about as accurate as "eat less to lose weight" in terms of being predictive. Gary Taubes "Good Calories, Bad Calories" has all the explanations and references you could need, if that interests you. Would you be able to share a little about the 20 lbs in a week? Microsoft Research != Microsoft in general. It's not even 1% of Microsoft, and everywhere there is different. Some of the research there has practical use, but a lot of it is just PR for Microsoft. Because they spit into everyone's well all the time. e.g. - OOXML and the related perversion of the ISO process - Wilful violation of standards (web, others) - Hurting users for hollywood (Protected media path etc.) - Broken security (by design) that has enabled all the botnets and spam you could ever think of, and then some. Anything by Ian Piumarta is worth reading, and this is no exception. http://piumarta.com/ Also, for those interested in minimalism, VPRI has a project to recreate the entire computing world with 20k lines of source (logic, os, compilers, gui, etc.) They're doing a very interesting and very swell job so far. This appears to be related to that project. "avid watcher of CNBC" and "pretty well informed" are at odds. Start reading Denninger, Mish and ZeroHedge and you'll see why. While that is ultimately true, in the first days (especially pre-investment), the largest expense is programmer's salary, whether that is something you pay, or an opportunity you forego. Thus, getting to a fundable prototype twice as fast, or to a more robust system at the same time IS a factor. Regardless of how much focus you put on it, it is usually the first "hard" decision everyone has to take in their tech-supported startup, and thus it gets a spotlight. For which there are perfectly adequate alternatives that do not involve Microsoft -- e.g. Google Apps. I've been looking for material about Eurisko. Other than this championship, there appears to be no credible documentation of any of Eurisko's reported achievements. It might be super-duper, but the fact that he wouldn't let anyone else use it, and that those amazing feats have not been reproduced by others despite huge advances - might just mean that there's more myth to truth in the stories about Eurisko. My recent experience with Java code is that efficiency conscious Java code is ridiculously under-performing compared to efficiency conscious C code. By virtue of Java's structure and culture (as codified in its libraries), you have to spend approximately twice as much physical memory as you would in C. E.g., I had a 100,000,000 record array that I needed to sort. That's great -- Java has an Array.Utils.sort() method; But I needed to know the _sorting permutation_ as well. That requires an array of Integers, each taking >=16 bytes (so, 1.6GB of ram). Which slows everything to a crawl. So I wrote my own heapsort routine which needed only 400MB of ram. But it's 10 times slower than the equivalent C -- I suspect because of array bounds that the compiler can't throw away. Those infrastructure projects are "cool", but horribly done. I don't know about Cassandra, but Hadoop makes jobs take between twice and ten times the resources that they need. Sure, it scales to 4000 machines, but you'd only need 1000 if it were properly written. And if you only have a 10-node cluster, you could probably run it on one machine with comparable throughput. Color me unimpressed with Java. That's perhaps true if that's the language you gained most of your experience in. I don't think there's a measure of "absolute productivity", but if there is, Python will probably take world cup in a variety of settings. Java is an excellent language when you need to use Java. If that's not a constraint, then it isn't such a good choice. Yep. It's much harder to mess things up when you use regular expression. Between C, Python and Jython, I don't think there's a single reason left to use Java. > We have evolved into a two-party system because it fills a need: convenience. No. Americans have evolved into a two party system because it suits those two parties, and they were strong enough to make that happen very early on. Did you notice that the distinction between parties (gay marriage, abortion, government size) doesn't ever get addressed even though control has been switching between parties regularly? (And if it does, it's in the court and not in congress, e.g. Roe vs. Wade?) That's because both puppets, sorry, parties are actually catering to a ruling elite, rather than the voters. And it's good for those parties to have issues that let voters identify with them (to the point of feeling unable to vote for the other guy). If these things were actually addressed, they'd have to deal with the real things like economics or policy. Which is kind of scary for them. I agree about the only possibility of breaking is from the inside, though. I agree, healthcare has actually been sort-of addressed. (And by sort of, I mean that while it is a move in the right direction, it is possibly the worst in terms of cost, and is a freebie to the healthcare industry; it does nothing to actually solve any underlying problem). But are you aware that these healthcare plans have been debated since the '30s? For all practical purposes, 80 years to solve a problem in a half-assed way is in line with my original claim. - embeddable inside your application - modest resource requirements - runs on everything (embedded, game consoles, etc.) - has a JIT compiler that is way better than any Ruby/JS/Python JIT (and in fact in many cases better than a good Java compiler). - Simple and regular syntax - Vibrant and helpful community. It's not the right choice for web development, because that's not where its echosystem is (although you can do that if you want). Other than that, the only drawback I can think of is that arrays start at 1 rather than 0. identical assembly. No C++ compiler that I'm aware of does that. e.g., std::vector and std::vector generate identical code for whatever you do, as they both only deal with the pointer, never dereference it in any way. Also, in code like template T get(T x[], int i) { return x[i]; } on a 32 bit platform, get () and get generate the same machine code, whereas on a 64 bit platform, get () and get () generate the same machine code. No C++ compiler that I'm aware of folds these cases into one; The C# generics do (not sure about non-generic code with identical final machine code). I would be surprised if idiomatic C++ code could be shortened by more than 50% by a compiler that did. However, if you write your code for column-major access, the binary can go down 90% if the compiler did that. edit:formatting Extreme conciseness, though sometimes unreadable, is often helpful in the sense that you can fit 3000 line Java programs on one 50 line screen -- no scrolling to look things up. It doesn't mean it takes 1/60 time to read through it -- I would guess 1/5 is more like it (assuming you are competent in the language you are reading, which is a steeper learning curve for J/K/Q/APL). Personally, having everything on the screen at the same time is very useful. Also, as J and especially K prove, extreme runtime speed is also attainable. You can beat it with C code -- after all, the K interpreter is written in C. But more often, K pushes you towards a concise implementation that the interpreter blazes through, whereas in C you'd probably not go to the effort all the time and result in slower code at the end. This is cool. Is any of the source code open? What could you tell us about the libraries used? (Is that OpenCV ported to flash or something?) The language of the future is Lisp. always has been, always will be. (which is a shame, because APL and its children J and K would be a better foundation). Many of them are possible in theory. Few are implemented in practice, and even fewer apply in code found in the wild. e.g. promoting an Integer[] array to an int[] array is something that Java will not do, although in some cases it is theoretically possible (and LuaJIT2 comes close to doing something equivalent). This is a very minor detail - so an optimization that was made 20 years ago is no longer relevant. Neither is it harmful or especially expensive. The array model fits the relational model way, way better than the object oriented model (no "o/r impedance mismatch"). I think most domains fit just as well (if not better) with arrays. And specifically, the APL/K/J focus on data makes it a better foundation for optimization, parallelization and reasoning about program behaviour. Both are semi-evil towards end-users by virtue of these end-users being the product, rather than the customers they imagine themselves to be. Google tries to reach the unevil side, by giving you as full control of your data as they can, and not cross over the creepy line (although they are always near it). Facebook doesn't, and therefore finds itself on the evil side almost all the time. It's not that they want to be evil that makes them evil; It's just that not avoiding becoming evil makes them that way, and they do not try to avoid it in any way. (Plus, evil is more lucrative). > but I prefer evidence collected from modern people to justify those conclusions. No you don't. You want to reconfirm your bias. (I assume by "Evidence" you mean something that lives up to scientific standards. If it doesn't, I have no idea what you are talking about). > It doesn't say anything about happiness, fulfillment, etc. Science almost never has anything to say about these (or anything else which is this subjective). > I seem to recall some crackpot theory that low-calorie diets (ie., borderline starvation) increase your lifespan. But that is very well supported by science (on mice and fruit flies; not on humans YET). If you were interested in evidence, you wouldn't call it "crackpot", especially not considering ... > does it sound like fun? How miserable are we willing to make ourselves for a few extra years in a nursing home? By this standard, you should be doing booze and drugs all day. I've heard they're really fun (and they cut off those long years of old age!) I really can't understand people whose thought process can emit things like: > That's probably a false dichotomy, but you get the point. "I can't find an example that supports my point. So I'm making one up that is probably wrong. That's totally legit, and we should continue the discussion assuming my made-up example is fact" > makes me despair for the state of nutrition and health education. You should despair for it. It's mostly a religion somehow connected to pseudoscience, and definitely a far cry from science. The two basic axiom that almost everything is founded on (weight diff = calories in - calories out; and prot=4Kc/g, carb=4Kc/g, fat=9Kc/g, alc=7Kc/g) are disproved every other day, in the sense that even though they do apply in many cases, there is at least one robust study in which they do not apply to every 4 in which they do apply. Something fundamental is being totally ignored. It's like saying "it is scientific that people go to work and school every day", and ignoring the existence of weekends. I've just finished reading "Left in the Dark" http://leftinthedark.org.uk/ Mind=Blown; much less crackpot than you'd think, and with a hypothesis that explains it. You are not wrong. That's truly, truly dumb on twitter's behalf. They should have started with using the whole numeric range and/or switched to string ids long ago. As I have suggested in a post 9 months ago, and as I would have designed this system at any date since 2002 or so, the twit ID would be composed of userid bits + time bits. In the post below I suggested 32+32, but other divisions are acceptable depending on your "bot user" policy. Such an ID would at the same time be sufficient (up to 4G users, up to 5 tweets/sec/user AVERAGE, up until 2030). You can have two times as many users for just "2 tweets/sec average". Facebook only has 500M, so 4G should be sufficient. Such a construct makes the entire system significantly simpler and more robust to "meaningful" failure. I haven't seen a single thing tweeter has done right in the technical sense. They do deserve marketing and bizdev credit. http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/b2u6t/twitter_o... -1 all you like. It's engineering, not hindsight -- when building a system, I always ask myself "how does this scale" which usually translates to "on what attribute does this shard". Look at e.g. YouTube and many other sites around the same time. They knew what they were doing; Twitter didn't. I _have_ actually designed such a system in 1999, that used 48 bits, and it worked perfectly well. (Only had 28 bits for the user-id, which would have been broken at the 250M users -- alas the system never had more than than 5M; This was in the years 1999-2003). The only way you can shard absolutely monotonic is (effectively) randomly, which is an option however you assign ids; but other assignments let you build a much cheaper, much more robust system. The point was exactly that YouTube, which had a simpler problem to solve at around the same time (or earlier) did it properly. There do exist independent youtube clients (though not as many as Twitters's), but using the encoding they did, youtube has made it so that it is never going to be an issue, whereas for twitter it has already been a significant issue twice (that I'm aware of). It's very easy to dismiss sound engineering in retrospect as luck or as "how could anyone have known". In Jewish folklore, this is I guess a hundred or two years old, and is called a goat or a sheep: A man complains to his Rabbi that they have a tiny house and they can't manage with their wife and three kids all in the same room. The rabbi tells him "take your goat and put it in the room as well". The man does as advised, and comes back to the Rabbi two weeks later, complaining even more. The Rabbi tells him "take the goat out". The next time the man sees the Rabbi, he thanks him "We have so much room now that the goat is out". As Dwight Eisenhower once said: (Business) plans are useless, but planning is indispensable. Sounds like you didn't apply for a trademark, did the other guy? You can do a trademark search here: http://tess2.uspto.gov/bin/gate.exe?f=searchss&state=400... Either way, if the other guy is running a legitimate business AND received a trademark, he'll probably be able to force you to hand those over. That may be true a little longer down the line even if he doesn't hold the trademark. If you don't have any investment (other than the $7 or so), selling to them for a reasonable (whatever that means) price is probably the most useful course for both sides. Please add (1992) to title (that's the year it is from). Things haven't changed that much since, but ... it's good to put things in context. Yes, it is awesome; I remember reading about redo years ago and thinking "this IS going to be awesome when released". I was trying to think of things that make, with all its legacy, does better. The only thing I could come up with so far is when one input has multiple outputs (e.g. yacc; not quite dead, unfortunately). In gmake at least, you can do: %.h %.c: %.y yacc .... In redo, you'd have to have to have specific blah.h.do and blah.c.do for each blah.y file you have The other thing is multiple ways to generate the same file; as far as I know, make can do that but then the result is ambiguous - it's actually better than redo doesn't try. I was falling for that rhetoric. then I actually tried to do some high performance computing in Java. After a lot of optimizing (and going to non-idiomatic code), it was only x4 slower than the C code it was replacing. The initial "straightforward, idiomatic" code was x10-x50 slower, and taking x5 more memory (which caused it to be totally unusable, as the C code used 1GB of memory, and the machine only had 2). The computation was really quite simple, but it had to be done a bajillion times. I suspect part of the reason that it was so slow is that the JIT was not inlining something it obviously should have. However, I was unable to find any tools that would help me figure out if that was the case or what the JIT was actually achieving (consulting with Java experts I know didn't give any insight or link to such tools). If you're telling yourself that "java is good for hi-performance computing", you aren't really concerned with speed or memory. I'd add a few more (equally regarding APL and K and J and q) * They make it easier (and thus idiomatic and common) to write code that is vectorizable, GPUable, parallelizable, etc. For example (q syntax here), if you have a string x that has parentheses, and you want to know if they are balanced, a "balance" vector would be b:sums (x='(')-x=')' [sums is cumulative sum] this would count +1 for each open, -1 for each close. To verify the string is balanced, you have (all b>=0) and 0=last b [read: minimum of b is 0, and last of b is 0]. They can be combined to one vectorizable expression: (all b>=0) and 0=last b:sums (x='(')-x=')' * The bugs in these languages tend to be almost exclusively logic bugs (wrong implementation assumptions, common to every language) or one-off bugs if your cut-and-paste vectors with mismatched indices. Others are very rare * The terseness makes a lot of code fit on the screen at the same time. Which requires more mental effort to process but pays off hugely as you get a lot more context at the same time. That just puts an emphasis on what I said. If there are a lot of hidden things that can go wrong, then in any non-trivial application some of them do, and Java performance is on the average, horrible. The bigger problem is that there's no reasonable way of figuring out what the problem might be. And for the record, said code was a tight loop, created no objects, had the same kind of workload of a sort algorithm; The two nontrivial things about it was that it was accessing multiple simple vectors using the same index (non-idiomatic java), and that one of those vectors was a memory mapped buffer (non-idiomatic java, but essential because of the overuse of memory). Thanks (both for the reply and for redo! oh, and for bup and sshuttle!) The multiple-output solution is not very painful, but is kind of error prone, which stands out as redo is otherwise extremely clean, simple and robust. Perhaps something like "yytab.h_and_yytab.c.do" in the filename could work? Quoting myself: > it's actually better than redo doesn't try. This was a type. I mean tot say "actually better that redo doesn't try", which is what you were saying too. seems to be. > How is it that we went through at least 40 years of incorrect diet advice without controlled studies giving us accurate and science based broad understanding of what actually made sense? Funny. You really thought the government and industry were actually looking for the scientific truth, or otherwise had your health in mind. Now that you have been disillusioned, you should start questioning other government policies. I'll spoil the fun and tell you what you'll find: It's all about commercial interests, and you can easily see which ones in retrospect by tracing where regulators go to work after they leave their government job. The hebrew word for sin is חטא ("het"), which shares a root with להחטיא ("to miss the mark"). Hebrew forms start with a 3-letter base[1], which gets put into various templates for conjugations of time, person, active/passive and other nuances. So it seems that you're right there. [1] modern hebrew also has 4-letter bases and supposedly even a couple of 5-letter ones -- rumour has it that the 5 letter ones never found their way out of a dictionary though. I would assume he has given up on convincing other researchers of the validity of his views. And if you were actually familiar with how that system works (as opposed to how you think it should ideally work, or some approximation thereof), you would not appeal to the authority of those who practice "nutrition science", because it is anything but. The way science works, in general, is not the so-called "scientific method" - most funding is controlled by people in the field who have a vested interest (ego, monetary or otherwise) in maintaining the status-quo and beliefs. While it's easy enough to practice "the scientific method" on new frontiers, it is a quixotic endeavour to challenge a prevailing concept. In many cases, it should be -- when the prevailing concept has actually been rigorously studied and proved. This is NOT the case with nutrition (nor many specific corners of medicine and health). I don't know what faith you subscribe to, so this example might fall on deaf ears, but PZ Myers and Richard Dawkins don't need to convince the pope of anything -- they need to appeal to the masses. Much of nutrition recommendations are based on faith (and politics) rather than evidence, and in that sense, Taubes is not wrong in the attempt to appeal to the masses. And while he might not be an established research scientist like Dawkins, he has a better grasp of science and burden of proof than those he criticizes, and at least "Good Calories, Bad Calories" is meticulously researched with hundreds of references -- which is much more than you can say about your average (and even "cream of the crop") nutritional science research. Your argument is essentially an appeal to authority -- and to the wrong authority at that. 0.001% is still probably a generous estimate -- given Facebook's 3000 or so employees and the fact that all not-very-senior employees should add up to 2%. Also, stock options need to have a hardly-discounted exercise price attached. That is, an employee that gets a stock option package reflecting shares worth $500K will have to shell out (at least) $450K to exercise them when the time comes. So based on this valuation, if facebook is worth "only" $70B in 4 years, the profit is going to be $250K or ~$60K/year. Nothing to sneeze at, and definitely a nice bonus -- but not more than that. And if facebook is worth $30B at the end of 4 years, today's stock option grant is worth virtually nothing. No. There were guys in Columbia university who (supposedly) had a much better system than Mark Z, and are probably writing code in a cubicle at Google or equivalent. I suppose Zuckerberg got his start because he knows how to code, but he is an excellent CEO, something neither of these 2 guys nor Friendster had. Do you really think facebook is winning because of a better architecture? I despise facebook, and don't use it. But I recognize that Zuckerberg has been doing an excellent job in growing the company, seizing opportunities, thinking huge, and most importantly -- bringing the right people in at the right time. I tend to agree with Fred Wilson about the three things a CEO does: develop vision, acquire talent, raise money. Zuckerberg has done all three very, very well. I don't know how RSUs count against the 500 shareholder rule -- but for tax purposes, they count as an UNrestricted grant. That is, if you get $1M equivalent shares in RSUs, you get taxed immediately on that value, regardless of the restrictions. So you have to pay $350K (and that's just federal!), which you have no way to recover until the restriction is lifted. Worse, if you get fired the next day, you're out $350K with no way to reclaim them. Pay attention to tax laws. If you are well off, that is your single largest expense. My CPA recommended "The corporation company" ( incorporate.com ) to save the hassle, but web reviews are mixed. Anyone have experience with a simple, reasonably cheap, incorporation service? Not really. If you toss 100,000,000 == 2 ^ 27, you should only expect around 30 in a row. To have a good chance of getting 100 in a row, you need about a billion squared times more. And the problem is MUCH worse than described above: Let's say you test 1000 wrong hypothesises with p=0.05; 50 of those will be accepted as true, even though all are wrong. If you test 980 wrong hypothesises and 20 right ones, more than half of those that pass the p=0.05 "golden" significance test will in fact be wrong. Now, when you see a medical journal with 20 articles using p=0.05, which do you think is more probable - that 19 are right and one is wrong, or 19 are wrong and one is right? The latter has a much higher likelihood. Who are "we"? Physicists are the only ones who still do as far as I can tell -- everyone else prefers to spend their research budget somewhere else. Clinical researchers working for non-profits / universities do, occasionally. I suspect it has become popular recently not because lives are at stake, but because it lets you publish something meaningful without having to run complex, error prone and lengthy experiments. Regardless of the true reason, these are never carried out before a new drug or treatment is approved (because there is usually one or two studies supporting said treatment, both positive). And if you have pointers to techniques developed for/by EBM practitioners, I would be grateful. Being a bayesian guy myself and having spent some time reading Lancet, NEMJ and BMJ papers, I'm so far unimpressed, to say the least. Back in '99, I was working in the Instant-Messaging and Chat-On-Page sector. Let me tell you what I observed back then: The IETF group working on IM was comprised of people from Netscape, Microsoft, AOL and a few others. At that point, AOL owned the IM world through AOL Messenger and (then recently acquired) ICQ. Microsoft was starting to make a dent with MSN Messenger after they started bundling it with the O/S and everything. I was following the IETF discussions and mailing lists, and after a couple of months realised that the people on these lists had no reason to make things happen -- on the contrary. Everyone wanted AOL to open up the ICQ/AOL networks; they wouldn't. Everyone was already working on their own IM protocol, and didn't want to share it with the others -- they just wanted the OTHERS to share THEIRS. The discussions were long and pointless, revolving around semantics and irrelevant scenarios. XMPP/Jabber developer was among the participants. The suggestions were full of flaws, complex and inefficient to implement, and no one liked them. But he was the only guy releasing code. And after a couple of years (sometime in 2001 IIRC -- I was no longer closely following it) it actually became usable. It is still inefficient; it is still too complex for what it does; But for the last 9 years or so, it was the only option for a documented protocol with an open source implementation that you could find cross-platform clients for and install inside your own network. And that's a win. Where can I find more DJB publications / activities? His cr.yp.to website doesn't seem to have been updated in ages. Everything else you said was spot on, but this is wrong: > And of course it goes into depth about the Flash Crash without once mentioning Waddell & Reed, a discretionary (non-quant) fund whose errant trade started the crash to begin with. Waddell & Reed had nothing to do with the big flash crash, nor with the 10 slightly smaller crashes that has happened since -- at least, not any other non-HFT trader had that day. If you want something which isn't some ridiculous CYA, read Nanex's analysis, not the SEC. There are equivalents for other environments; Non has quite as many packages. Python: cheeseshop / easy_install / PyPI Node: npm debian: apt TeX: CTAN R: CRAN (edit: cheeseship -> cheeseshop. Thanks!) for C code: Anything by djb. http://cr.yp.to Unconventional, but top quality. for C or Python code: Anything by Avery Pennarun ( http://apenwarr.ca - his stuff is on GitHub) for C or Lua code: Anything by Mike Pall ( http://luajit.org ) The Python interpreter is mostly a joy to read. FLTK is a great example of C++ code from the days before template worms ate everyone's brains. The letters have different sizes and fonts. They could have htmld it, I guess, but they needed it to be rich text. I'm sure there is. I want links I can review, because Java sucks the joy of programming out of me. If you're still at the idea stage, you will want to prototype first. If it's small enough, you can print it with a MakerBot (Desktop 3D printer for $1200 or so). Alternatively, you could use ShapeWays (the "fedex/kinkos" of 3D printing). Until you actually have production volumes in the hundreds (perhaps thousands) of units, this will be the cheaper, faster, easier option. The printer. raw material is then 50cents/pound or so, and it basically all goes to use. It's a kit, not hard to build from what I've seen and heard, but still you have to be willing to spend those few hours tinkering (or find someone else who does). It takes 20-30 minutes to print a nontrivial object, but it can run continuously for hours, so it's good enough to prototype with and get the first 20 made. My university had this competition with a different twist: - The egg was dropped from a 10-story building - The winner is whoever gets the egg safely to the concrete below in the minimal time. Nothing else matters. (But the judges must be able to see that the egg does indeed touch the concrete). Most contestants tried to get the egg to drop slowly, e.g. using helium or parachutes. The winner used a rocket to speed the egg down, and placed the egg within a honey jar. The jar hit the floor and cracked in ~1.5 seconds, the honey absorbed all the shock, and it took 2 more seconds for the egg to roll out of the honey and touch the concrete. - Strong push towards threading. Before NIO, there wasn't a way to avoid threads if you wanted to talk to multiple sockets. NIO has solved that for networks, but the whole java framework/idioms push you towards threads where it shouldn't. - No way to tell how things are implemented. I had written a heapsort in Java. It run x40 slower than the equivalent C. I was trying to figure out why -- e.g. was it inlining the things it should? if not, why? It's like Java is a subcontractor that won't answer about their methods - that's a bad habit. >> Strong push towards threading. Before NIO, there wasn't a way to avoid threads if you wanted to talk to multiple sockets. NIO has solved that for networks, but the whole java framework/idioms push you towards threads where it shouldn't. > Where? I'm starting to think people dislike Java for the community / way it's used in enterprise rather than anything to do with the language. There's no push toward threading in the language :/ And NIO has been around for years. I've used Java (and was burnt by it) before NIO made its appearance -- it was 2002 or maybe even 2003. I recently had to join a Java project that's "only" been around 2 years, so it could have benefited from the years of NIO -- but other than the base language, there is no async interface to be found. You want to talk to a database or key value store? You have to block (meaning thread). Want to do a URL fetch? you have to block, because there is no non-blocking libraries to be found. It's not that it is impossible to do -- it is quite possible -- but it is almost against java culture. > Where? I'm starting to think people dislike Java for the community / way it's used in enterprise rather than anything to do with the language. You can say that again! The java language is, I guess, ok (I don't like it, but it's mostly a matter of taste). The java ecosystem encourages verbosity-for-verbosity's sake, engineering-for-engineering sake, and ignoring common sense in the name of "purity". That Java project I joined, for example, has hundreds of classes that do nothing but store a field or two, have getters and setters for them, and perhaps have one "action" in them. Each such class is only a couple of hundred lines. This is totally useless, and when optimization time comes (and it comes, because the project is running too slow because of hundreds of layers of encapsulation), it is nearly impossible to find a culprit because everything is spread thin through hundreds of useless classes. I put up a plea for good java code on HN a few days ago: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2094274 it didn't get high enough to ellicit much response (20 on the "ask hn" page, not sure how far on the main). But the responses that are there did not cause me to re-evaluate. > - No way to tell how things are implemented. What?? Look at the source code. Decompile the class file into byte code :/ I have a merge sort that takes 40x long as it does in C. The reason I needed to implement it myself is that for the 400MB of data I'm looking it, the library tried to allocate over 2GB (which is all the deployment machine has), and that's just my test data -- when I try to sort 2GB of data, it would have required ~10GB. I carefully wrote it so that no object gets allocated during the sort. 40x slower than C. WTF? Perhaps that MemoryMappedByteBuffer I am using does not inline it's ".get()" method -- that would explain x5, I think, not x40. But I have no frigging way of checking. I am doing high performance code, which I agree is not common, but my experience with Hadoop (which is becoming ever more popular) is that the design decisions are such that the performance cost is x10 for just using hadoop compared to writing straightforward code -- meaning you would need 10 nodes to just break even. I've been burnt by Java. I came back only after I could treat it with an open mind. I've been burnt again. I hate Java. > I think the difference lies in if you write 'Enterprise' java, use XML for everything, use patterns, tons of threads etc or if you just write tight, tidy, concise speedy java. There's a saying, "one of the problems that lawyers have, is that 95% of those in the profession give all the rest a bad name". That's also true for people who view Java. notch's screencasts show that there is an alternative, and I'll take your word for it that you're in that class as well. But you're part of the 5%; maybe the 1%. Furthermore, git stores the entire project history locally and compressed in such a way that a live git project (checkout+entire history) often takes LESS space than an equivalent live subversion project (checkout * 2, which subversion does for allowing you to diff without having to go to the server). Obviously, if you add a 1GB random file then delete it, the git entire history will have 1GB more data than an SVN checkout. but usually, it's smaller. I've switched to using gitsvn exclusively for svn projects I'm involved with since I noticed that -- I save space and have complete project history locally. What more could you ask for? (p.s: git svn is a better svn client than svn. really) - hundreds of times simpler (literally, if you count source code lines) - much easier to use in the sense that if you know the compile command you need to use (or the shell command or whatever), you already know how to use redo. - strictly a build system (CMake and SCons also do autoconf stuff) Yep, same me :) Thanks. djb's "critbit" trees are much more interesting, I think: They are basically binary patricia trees (like nedtries, if I understand correctly). However, djb's observation is that in order to locate a specific string, you only have to look at the "critical" bits - the bits that are different between different entries in the database. So, for example, if key 1 differs from key 2 (top two keys in the tree) in bit 317, you check bit 317, and you know which one of them it is NOT (and also, which branch of the tree it is not). Proceed recursively -- most keys will, in practice, be identified by log2(n) bits where n is the number of keys in the table, NOT the length of the key. Quoting myself (from http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1859185 ): I've been looking for material about Eurisko. Other than this championship, there appears to be no credible documentation of any of Eurisko's reported achievements. It might be super-duper, but the fact that he wouldn't let anyone else use it, and that those amazing feats have not been reproduced by others despite huge advances - might just mean that there's more myth to truth in the stories about Eurisko. (and ... quoting jonoff from same thread: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1861890 ) Adding to the mystery, I read the newyorker article (2009) linked from wikipedia on Eurisko, and it seems Lenat forgot the winning strategy Eurisko developed, or the first article is wrong. "Eurisko, however, had judged that defense was more important than offense, that many cheap, invulnerable ships would outlast fleets consisting of a few high-priced, sophisticated vessels. There were ninety-six ships in Eurisko’s fleet, most of which were slow and clumsy because of their heavy armor" - 1984 article "astronomical number of small ships like P.T. boats, with powerful weapons but absolutely no defense and no mobility, Lenat said. They just sat there. Basically, if they were hit once they would sink." - 2009 article Seth Roberts understands research on one hand and statistics on the other, better than about 95% of people who publish results. > 73% might be achievable just by looking at co-correlation. Up days and down days tend to run in streaks. If that were true, there would be an exceptionally easy way to make money: Buy a future or option today based on yesterday's move. Leverage ad infinitum. Random coin flips also tend to run in streaks, btw - in a few thousand throws, you'll probably have several 10 "head" streaks and several 10 "tail" streaks. I do not know what this "co-correlation" that you speak of is, and google doesn't seem to either. Assuming you are speaking about day-to-day correlation: I don't know what futures you were thinking of, but financial futures (single stock, index futures, currency futures) track the base value EXACTLY (but also taking into account interest rates, dividends, etc). If this weren't the case, there would be an immediate arbitrage opportunity. Specifically, once you factor the interest rate out, the DJIA future and the DJIA index are in sync within seconds. The HFT traders take care of that. And while it is true that the market does trend occasionally (more than a coin flip), timing the start and end of the trade is empirically very hard. If you know the market is trending, why don't you buy a future betting on the trending direction, with a stop at 2 ticks above and below your entry price? If the market is trending, you have positive winning expectation. Except the market doesn't work that way - and if you think the market is trending when it isn't, you lose money with this scheme. > the talent appears randomly That's a pretty strong statement, but even if we take it as an axiom, I think that it isn't migration that concentrates it -- people migrate from everywhere to everywhere all the time. I think it has more to do with having gone through some hardship, and (selection bias) having done so successfully, makes people better at taking risks. There's a statistic that says that a huge number (ten percent or so) of immigrants immigrate again to a 3rd country. Someone who never immigrated would think "all that trouble, again?". Someone who [successfully] has thinks "Well, that wasn't so hard, we can try that again". As a matter of fact, I did. It's not easy, it's far from cheap, but having gone through all of that, another move -- at least to an English speaking country -- is comparatively trivial to what I've thought about it before. And if you take offence at random remarks by strangers on the internet, you should have a long talk with yourself. If I could upvote you more than once, I would. It's an amazing piece of work: Those 617 lines are in its own C subset, so it can compile itself into a native code ELF version. This evolved into bellard's "tcc" compiler, which is the fastest (compile-time wise) available on linux, the only one I'm aware of that can be used as a library to run code in memory (without having to generate an .so and load that). And it's output performance, while lacking compared to -O3 gcc or clang - is not too shabby! > but it's awkward for really complex parsing (since it inherently combines lexing and parsing). I'm kind of surprised by that statement - grammars for programming languages expressed in PEG always seem much cleaner to me than the lex/parse separation. Can you give an example of a grammar that you find is complicated by PEG? > It really says something about C that so many useful-but-small systems have a good chunk of code devoted to hash table implementations, atoms ("a reference-counted string type"), etc. Well, the only reason for that is that C never had a hash table in its standard library. The same assertion is true about any other programming language I've seen that doesn't. Python's and Lua's dicts are really hard to top (at least in the general case, and definitely inside the language), so there aren't even any attempts. Java's is slow and horrible, so there are hundreds of replacements, but they're all interface compatible. > That and serializing custom data structures to disk accounts for more than half of its code. That's one of the the things K gets unbelievably right - there is one routine (which with Arthur's style is probably 10 lines of C) for serialize, and another for deserialize. They work for any K structure, and they do that with blinding speed thanks to being totally memory mapped. My C code has switched to that approach as well - and it works really, really well. And that it also pays for your friend's cigars. Because the banksters have to be represented in this analogy too. I'm surprised I'm downvoted for this, perhaps someone would explain why -- a significant percentage of budget goes to fund politician's friends and supporters. Specifically, the $700B bank bailout of 2008 went to pay for reckless bets by bankers. (Which were all too happy to take the profits, when they were there, to themselves) How is that not part of the tax system? bup! bup! bup! https://github.com/apenwarr/bup But if you design it well enough, it does. Here's a copy-pasta from a reddit comment of mine from a few months ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/b2u6t/twitter_o... ------------------ Color me unimpressed. At some point, I was collecting 40GB/day of financial data (and that's after bzip2ing them .. probably 200GB/day before); This was done on hardware costing $30K (which was two equivalent machines with 4GB, each having 20*1TB in a raid configuration -- this was a hot-backup configuration) and the operation run (coded, supervised, administered) by 2 people. I'm extrapolating from your numbers: Let's say you have 70GB over 14 days = 5GB/day; Let's assume Twitter has 100GB/day of text twits (which, incidentally, means ~1 billion tweets per day which I highly doubt, as they took few years to get to the 1 billion mark, and last I heard they were at less than 100 million twits/day) Then, at this day and age (numbers selected for 2 years ago, when they had their last infrastructure revision), what you do is buy 20 servers with 8GB of memory each (for, say $5K each), plus a little redundancy, and store all the latest twits in memory, and the most popular user's older twits as well; everything else on disk. Throw in cheap web front-ends that don't even need a local disk, load balancing, and a gigabit ethernet backplane. You're still under $200K in equipment. Yes, the code is not going to be trivial, but for $100K and 3 months you can get a stunt programmer (I know a few who can do it and won't charge as much). A run-of-the-mill RDBMS is the wrong tool for this job; Basically, run of the mill anything; but that does not make it incredibly hard. I think $300K for hardware and software, you can get a Twitter clone that performs as well. Twitter is successful, but that's not thanks to good engineering. I'm interested to know in what application you need character counting in which this makes a difference: How about diacritics and accents? Or do you care only about chars and not about semantics or graphics? Also, if that mattered to me, I'd store the char count in addition to the string length. > Be careful extrapolating success scaling in one domain to success scaling in another. I agree about that. > go into it with a fresh mind each time, and really pay attention to what the requirements are and what you can cut corners on. There are some general principles you should know: memory is much faster than disk, cut out layers of abstraction that you don't need, etc - but in order to apply them effectively, you really need to pay attention to the details of your problem domain. (slightly edited) - This is golden. However: > If you think you can solve Twitter's scaling problems, they're hiring, they're pre-IPO, and they're probably giving out decent chunks of stock. I know I can solve Twitter's scaling problems (I don't think the solution I posted is the end-all-be-all, and for all I know that might not be where their scale problem is -- it is just perceived and argued about this part, which is not very hard). However, Twitter's abysmal uptime (for the kind of sevice they are providing) had no bearing on their growth in 2008-2009. And even if by re-architecting Twitter they can save $2M/year on operations, it would be dumb to do that before they're in the black for a while and can identify their real profit and loss centers. Also, those stock are not worth quite as much as people think when you take everything into account. (I've got a successful exit as a non-founder behind me; I'm intimately familiar with all the gory details including taxes, dilution, etc -- Whether options or RSUs, if you are granted anything of value, you have to pay full taxes AT THE TIME OF THE GRANT). My point was only to show how non-impressive the problem twitter is (supposedly) facing. It's a repeating discussion: - Twitter sucks - No they don't, they do xxx and it's damn hard Don't know why I even bother anymore. A company that had (maybe still has?) their millions-of-views-a-day pages created in Ruby doesn't care about solving scale issues. At Google, you guys throw out closing paragraph tags from the main page when it is clear it renders fine without them. Does this remind anyone else of SGI? - Total domination of their own field - Resting on laurels while others snatch the market from under them - Panic - Get a CEO from Microsoft - CEO quickly decides that the O/S developed in house is not worth maintaining. And that the right O/S is no other than Microsoft's offering - Company continues dive to irrelevance, albeit at a much faster rate than before Well, the last one hasn't happened to Nokia. yet. Goodbye old Nokia. You will be missed. And they forgot Sendo http://www.theregister.co.uk/2003/01/06/microsofts_masterpla... And some would say Danger as well (e.g., Danger employees). But at least Danger was bought and paid for, and not just screwed. IRIX was a god of an OS. It had real time I/O. It had the best user interface at the time, with super fast scalable vector graphics for everything in '94. (Modern desktops have caught up some 13 years later). It had usable 64 bits everything before anyone else - R10000 was generally available in '95. They were insanely fast compared to the Sun and Digital stations of the time - the only competitor was Digital Alpha, and IRIX beat Ultrix to the ground and mopped the floor with it. These were the days of multiculture, where my employer insisted on having several Alphas, Suns, SGIs, RS/6000 and more to make sure we're not locked to any specific vendor. Apple paid NeXT to take them over, and got their CEO installed in place of Apple's. A guy called Steve Jobs, you might have heard of him. NeXT knew what they were doing (hardware, software)-wise, and Apple at that point in time didn't. Whereas Microsoft have no idea how to phones (Kin, anyone?); the jury is still out on the phone software but it doesn't look good (iOS and Android are mopping the floor with WP7). And if Ballmer is installed as CEO of Nokia, I'm going to short it. It's relatively easy to downsize IP laws with a single change: If they are property, tax them as property. e.g. Every year, a patent/copyright/trademark owner has to state the value of their "property", and pay 1% tax on its value. That entitles them to sue each defendant for said value (maybe 3 for wilful infringement, but that's it). You can make it easier by declaring the value of the "property" at any point in time during the year until 15-apr the following* year, so you can evaluate in retrospect. Now, all of a sudden, it doesn't make sense to hoard patents or copyrights as much - If you value each song at $100K, then it costs $1K/year to maintain that copyright. I'm sure Intel/Microsoft/Apple would actually evaluate what does and doesn't need patent protection when they have to pay millions of dollars per year to maintain it. Furthermore, it's only reasonable - paying tax for having the state enforce your "property" rights. You are aware that it is over 100 years now from the beginning of the war on recreative drug use? IIRC, the first restrictions were put in effect in the US in 1906. There isn't a lot of love for Tim Ferris around HN. But you definitely should read "The four hour work week". It will give you some ideas of what to do, but more importantly, it will give you some ideas of how to efficiently do whatever it is that you want to do (time and money wise). Nothing he writes there is secret, and yet, it is unconventional on one hand and potentially extremely useful on the other. Looks cool. But when I do upgrade my venerable analog watch, it's probably going to be to a http://lunatik.com + ipod nano 6g. A little more expensive, requires a jailbreak, but a hell of a lot more functional, and doesn't require uploading my code anywhere to compile it once jailbroken. He explained it more than once: Nuances are lost in the internet on one hand, and (apparently) Finnish culture is very in-your-face with everything made more extreme for dramatic effect. You may not like it, but it is extremely effective, and Linus _is_ herding thousands of developers, he has to be effective. Seems I was mistaken and the answer is "not yet". In the real speccy, you could double the horizontal resolution from 192 lines to 384 lines, and also get different colors for each 8x1 (or 8x0.5 if extending to 384) by changing the screen bitmap while the scanline is being generated. Pixel timing accurate emulators exist -- in fact, C64 games written after ~1990 are useless without it. "Java" is an overloaded term. "Java the Language" is not dying. I would be happy if it did, but it's going to enjoy COBOLesque longevity, and for mostly the same reasons. "Java the Virtual Machine" is not dying, and I don't care one way or the other -- why do I care if Jython targets JVM vs. CPython that targets its own VM or IronPython that targets .net? If it gets the job done well enough, I'll use it. It isn't really mutating either. "Java the Eco system" is not dying - there's too much invested. It will be years before it dies, if it ever does. It's also not mutating. Seems to me like no part of Java is dying, and only a small part of Java is mutating. Also, long ago there was Prothon, which wasn't exacyly python but was very close, and didn't have a GIL. Unfortunately, it seems all source code drops of this disappeared from the earth, though you can still find some mentions e.g. http://blog.ianbicking.org/initial-thoughts-on-prothon.html I don't remember how Vyper worked, but it might have abolished the GIL too: http://got.net/~landauer/sw/vyper_readme.html The subsection title: "Why you are not getting laid". The author: Miguel de Icaza, the man behind Mono (among other things) Worth reading. Well, they must give you the exercise price; and if you assume it is a fair price (or 15% discounted, which is often the case) of $x/share, you know that e.g. if the company grows up 10 times in value, you get a bonus of $n x (10-1) where n is the number of shares you get an option for. So in that sense, the total outstanding is not interesting. It is interesting in the sense that you need to know the total company valuation to have an idea of how much the company can still increase its value. If an unknown facebook competitor "mugshotbook.com" is already valued at $5B without any users, it is unlikely your option will be worth anything ever, regardless of how much you are getting. DO NOT FORGET: Options are a contract to buy in the future at a price known today. They are not equivalent to shares (if they were, you'd be taxed for the face value on the day of the grant!). If the value does not go up, they are worth exactly nothing. If you get facebook options with exercise price reflecting $50B market capitalization, and facebook IPOs at $50.5B when you are vested, what you earn is 1% of the share value of your options (because of the exercise price), not a penny more! In numbers: If you get $10M worth of facebook options today, and facebook IPOs at $50.5B, you get a $100K bonus for your (e.g.) 4 years of vesting, or $25K/year -- not shabby, but a far cry from the $10M you think you'll be owning. ssh-agent + ssh-add or ControlMaster (depending on how you set things up) will share either a key or the whole connection without requiring you to re-authenticate Prediction is hard. Even more so if it is about the future. Well, Java is worse than most things, but even for Java - djb redo, recently implemented by Avery Pennarun (apenwarr) is better than everything else. Well, Java is worse than most things, but even for Java - djb redo, recently implemented by Avery Pennarun (apenwarr) is better than everything else. aggregatedmarks.setdefault(name,[]).append(marks) See http://docs.python.org/release/2.5.2/lib/typesmapping.html "Savings were limited" but they decline to say how much. Also "Users complained of compatibility problems" -- all the more reason to switch; a proof of the MS lock in. I wonder if they write something like "We were only able to save $5K/year/person, but we didn't want to inconvenience our workers for such a paltry sum", what the response would have been. I can assure you it is very far from the $100/year licensing that people mentioned in other threads. If that were the case, no one would switch on one hand, and Microsoft wouldn't be the behemoth that it is today on the other. It's $100/year/person for their desktop software, + tens to hundreds of thousands for the server software that goes with it (to microsoft), plus a $2000/year/person for lost time due to viruses, spam, and being able to play WoW on their work computer, plus $2000/year/person when you look at the administration cost -- windows shops everywhere I've seen have a much lower admin/user ratio (e.g. 1 in 10 or 1 in 20) compared to unix/linux (1 in 50 or 1 in 100), and even more so when the end users are doing just word processing+spreadsheet work. Also, what the hell were they doing writing printer drivers? I've been using linux on the desktop since 2005, and didn't have to install a printer driver once. > The $1 limit on credit cards is annoying if you want to sell something at $0.99 though. Why do you think selling something for $0.99 is legitimate? I know it's common, but it is the practice of confusing the buyer "Oh, it's just 90 cents" when they are actually paying a dollar. I would be extremely happy if Square (or for that matter, everyone) would only let you charge (say) at 10 cents increment for prices up to $5, at 50 cent increments up to $50, and at $5 increments above $100. The merchant should actually have to pay for it (to the tune of $4.99) if they advertise a product at "less than $100". They shouldn't be able to charge $99.99. > There's nothing confusing or deceptive about this practice. This is a matter of opinion, of course, but in my opinion, it is deceptive. The only reason _anyone_ is doing it is that it has been shown time and again that mentally $4.99 registers closer to $4 than to $5 (and $199.99 registers closer to $150 than to $200). It doesn't register that way with me, because I trained myself to ignore it - I grew up in another country, where this practice was not widespread while I was growing up. When it started appearing, most people trained themselves to ignore it, but the younger generations are vulnerable to it. Now that I am living in the US, I see that most people my age are also vulnerable to it. Furthermore, in that country I grew up in, the law says that any advertised price must be: (a) inclusive of all taxes, charges etc. (that is, in a cash or credit transaction for the item advertised, the charge must never be more than the advertised price under any circumstance), and (b) in the same font/style/weight and at least 20% larger than any other descriptive price of the item (before tax, finance charges, etc). Do you consider advertising a $1 27" television with a super small fine print saying "+$900 shipping, handling, state tax; included even if you pick up in store" false? I do, and I think it's in the same class. All the info is there in both cases, and both cases are designed to leave the impression of a lower price than the item really costs. Meta answer, which is probably going to get modded down (no love for Tim Ferriss on HN): Read (and let her read) Tim Ferriss' "4 hour work week". While the goals discussed in that book are different, it has lots of useful advice about how to set up businesses that run themselves, which is probably what your Mom needs. See e.g. http://www.fourhourworkweek.com/blog/2010/12/11/engineering-... for examples. Of course, these are the successful case studies and there are failures - but there is a lot of good info and interesting ideas in that book. > The main purpose of Open XML is to facilitate processing and creating documents programmatically using standard tools to manipulate the DOM. Considering the vastness of resources which exist across platforms for manipulating XML (including those for translating to and from XML schemas), this is hardly a proprietary move on Microsoft's part. This is incredibly naive. Microsoft was starting to fill pressure because some government contracts require a ISO standards if those exist -- and OASIS gained ISO standardisation, making it all of a sudden the ONLY document format for those contracts (And OpenOffice / KOffice the contenders). Microsoft was repeatedly invited to participate in OASIS. They wouldn't. Microsoft rushed it through ECMA, which acted as a rubber stamp, because of its fast-tracking agreement with ISO. Microsoft than stacked the local ISO chapters in its favour (with ridiculous results such as in Sweden) in order to get it approved. And Microsoft, in fact, didn't actually implemented the OOXML spec that they published. A spec that includes attributes like "doSpacingLikeWord95"... You've either drank the microsoft koolaid, totally unaware of history, or willfully naive. The only raison-d'etra of OOXML is to preserve Microsoft's monopoly. Same here. MySQL was a viable option for us -- in fact, it beat Oracle in just about every benchmark we could dream of. Sure, it didn't have referential integrity, but we didn't need it. Also, we were using Apache with a few scripts, no need for vignette or any other weird stuff. Things are getting cheaper, but they were always reasonably cheap if you knew what you were doing, AND didn't try to follow buzzwords or have full ACID properties for your instant messaging status updates. Ahhm. In the good old days, (1998), no one used Java on the server side. Java Applets were still not dead, and Java on the server was still not really born. Apache SSI and perl were kings. AOLServer+tcl was probably the best available (though only known and used by a small group). Java? We're not talking about the same 1998 In the US, registering a trademark (which you can easily do yourself - no need to pay a $300/hour lawyer) costs $75, or at least used to last time I needed to. How much is it in the UK that you're saving that money? When you put ethernet, make sure to use Cat6 or Cat7 - it costs more now, but will serve you far longer. Do that at least to the farthest places in the house (so you can put the wifi access points). Or to every room -- you can use them also as speaker cables, wired phone cables. Also, I've seen a few places with collapsible walls - one of them had a wall between the livingroom and a bedroom, that was collapsible (so that they become one room), and had a flat screen tv in the middle that could rotate (so it would point either at the bedroom or the livingroom) and would collapse to be on the side wall when the whole thing collapsed. Desalination is very energy hungry. with Oil possibly going up 100% (if Libya and Tunisia both stop providing oil), it could easily be 200% higher than current prices for water. But it would still be small compared to other expenses - by your calculation, by ~$300/year. Something you'd start to feel (but then, everything would shoot up in price) > sites and pages ought to be ranked based on quality, Unfortunately, that's very subjective - e.g. I consider almost all programming material on MSDN to be of very low quality, yet I expect results there when I search. Furthermore, assuming an absolute content metric, having several sites with the same "quality" should give the original a high score, and the others essentially zero (unless the original cannot take the load). Algorithmically, you can figure out who the original is by noticing where updates appear first. But that's not a measure of "content quality" - it's a measure of "content farminess". Do you have pointers for that? That really surprises me, as the two are essentially equivalent, except that function closures as in Node introduce a new, restartable (usually an unwanted/unexpected featture) scope, and coroutines maintain the same scope. Thread safety problems are all about data changing in between your statements due to some other threads. Coroutines make that happen only along calls to other routines, which is very disciplined. Super ultra extra awesome. There is already an open source K implementation called kona https://github.com/kevinlawler/kona , and now J is joining. There are old J source codes floating around, but the latest is from 1993 if I'm not mistaken. It's a lot like math notations. To draw an analogy, it's hard to go back from "a*b" (i.e. k/j/apl) to "a multiplied by b" (i.e. lisp) to "start with zero, add a, add a again, ....., repeat b times (i.e. java/cobol) once you've gotten used to a concise notation. And even if you _do_ go back to verbose, you are overall much better for knowing what's a concise way to putting everything, and converging towards that with your limited tools. K is a lot more my style too: J has the kitchen sink. K provides closer to the "bare necessities". And yet, K programs are often shorter, simpler and more verbose. Also, K operators often rhyme with the C meaning of the same characters: &=and/min, |=or/max, monadic*=first (like C dereference when applied to a vector; trenary?=[vector]choose. I think there are a few others. Also, you're welcome :) Lua under LuaJIT2 is way faster, _and_ has real coroutines. Shame about the browser requirement. In my mind it's the other way around: Use asynchronous as much as possible. Delegate app to synchronous threaded worker only if you can't. If you want cage fights, you should also include the lean contender: http://nsl.com/k/sudoku/aw3.k (I'll copy it here, because it's short enough for that: p,:3/:_(p:9\:!81)%3 s:{*(,x)(,/{@[x;y;:;]'&21=x[&|/p[;y]=p]?!10}')/&~x} > and more verbose. I meant less verbose, of course. But it's too late to edit. Except Microsoft _has_ used patent threats in the past (e.g. against the VirtualDub project, and there are a few more). When the threat comes from Microsoft, and it goes to what is essentially a one-man-show open source project, you don't actually need to get to court. It's called "a chilling effect". Furthermore, Ballmer was, and still is, FUDding all the time about Microsoft going to enforce patents that Linux infringes (though not name anything). Even though no action was taken, it also has a chilling effect. Your defense is acceptable for google. Microsoft deserves to be patent trolled. Rackspace Cloud has a $10/month 256MB instance (though traffic is extra). Amazon EC2 micro instance is free for one year (traffic is extra). VPSLink is a little pricier but works well. Linode is pricier still but (2nd hand report) works extremely well. > Still, most libraries are blocking* > * Which is a funny objection, like being > mad that most libraries default to using > decimal numbers rather than octal. It must > be a conspiracy! Actually, there _is_ a distinction here: It is ridiculously easy to implement blocking semantics on top of non-blocking semantics - in some pseudo code: event = do_async(); pause_until_completion_or_error(event) Whereas implementing non-blocking semantics using an underlying blocking implementation is quite, but not entirely, like banging your head against the wall. repeatedly. Essentially, you cannot avoid threads, shared mutable state, and a lot of other problems. ... and the recipient also pays for "received airtime". Whereas, in most of the world outside the US, mobile phones get a different area code, and it is the caller that pays for "airtime". apenwarr's own "bup" http://github.com/apenwarr/bup - it's the ultimate backup system on one hand, and it's just a git repository on the other. Way better deduplication than any other backup system you've used, every backup is at the same time incremental, differential and (looks) complete. It's magic. Cool. When I last looked at tarsnap, I got the impression that it's a smart compressed rsync - apparently I was wrong. bup has a FUSE frontend, that exposes every backup set as a complete file system (also through http and ftp, but the file system angle is the most useful in my opinion). Does tarsnap have something comparable? I'm going to look at it again. In that case, I did not just describe tarsnap, or at least - did not intend to. bup _is_ designed for backup rather than random access. But it is easy enough to make those backups look like read-only file systems (bup includes an FTP server, HTTP server and FUSE module that expose a backup set through the respective protocol or as a filesystem). But since bup builds on git, and a bup backup set is actually a git repository, you get all the git related stuff for free - e.g. bup supports cryptographic signatures in the repository by way of git's signing support -- although, for now, the "bup" command does not implement them (so, if you want to sign or verify the signature, you'll have to use git on the repository rather than bup) Bup's deduplication is comparable to rsync's (and it reuses rsync's main tool for that). If you change a byte in the middle of a 100MB file, you'll likely need to transfer ~16k to or from backup (compared to the other version of the same file). That's also true if a byte was inserted in the middle of the file. And if you backup 100 copies of a 100MB file, was just a few bytes changed in each file compared to each other file - you'll need less than 150MB of space/storage, rather than the 10GB or so without deduplication. Unfortunately I can only upvote once. Way, way more complete than the post linked article. No, it would be more like Toshiba would have to pay to ESPN based on number of televisions sold. This wasn't true at the time, and it is definitely not true today. You could get similar performance at comparable price (then), and much better price/performance ratio today -- you just have to buy reasonably cheap stuff, not IBMs or HPs. It's possible that by going to Sony, the airforce was able to ditch the tender requirement (no one else is supplying PS3s ...) thus making it possible for them to get things going, rather than waiting for 2 years until all the paperwork is done (and then getting 2 year old technology, because that's what has been bid on and approved). While it is not rigorously scientific in the sense that physics is, it is compares very favorably to findings in the fields of medicine and nutrition. (Yes, they are much worse than you imagine). And while this document cannot reflect this, I've been following Seth Roberts for a few years now -- he is the best kind of scientist, with a remarkable talent for objective measurement of oneself. While this cannot be generalized to other people easily, as far as it refers to himself, it's probably way better than most medical results published in the last 20 years. The guy is a prof. of psychology at berkeley, and knows his statistics much better than most researchers in medicine or nutrition. I don't respect your skepticism, unless you are just as skeptical about advice you get from your Doctor or pharmacist. Roberts looks for effective, simple treatments that you can try yourself without requiring a large budget or large lab, publishes everything without trying to make money of it -- including a diet-free diet that works remarkably well, that flies in the face of all "nutrition science" common sense. He is not the crackpot you think he is. LuaJIT being a trace compiler, escape analysis in implicit. As long as a value stays (say) int or float, the code to handle it stays int or float. If for whatever reason it switches type, the code will change to accommodate that -- but as long as the types (and/or values) stay the same, the machine code to handle them will take advantage of that. It is not really comparable, yet, I will post Arthur Whitney's Sudoku solver (in the K language) , in its entirety here: p,:3/:_(p:9\:!81)%3 s:{*(,x)(,/{@[x;y;:;]'&21=x[&|/p[;y]=p]?!10}')/&~x} ( can be found with a test case in http://nsl.com/k/sudoku/aw3.k ) The Norvig code is smarter - it always tries to fill the square with the least options. The Whitney code is dumb - it just recursively tries everything that's not blocked by peers in order. Both backtrack on failure. The codes are equally general - both work off a data driven peer list (peers, p). The K code runs much faster for most boards, but there are boards in which the Norvig heuristic makes a x100 difference. Personally, I prefer the K version, although I'm aware I am in the minority. That's so wrong it's not even funny. You know, part of the reason Google is Google is that they were worried about performance from day 1 - every possible kind of performance. AltaVista was king at the time. It gave low quality answers, true -- but it was also slow. All the early adopters that I know of that switched to Google were impressed more by its speed than by its quality - if you knew what you were searching for, you DID get high quality content from AltaVista at the time (much like you could with Google even before the recent "farmer" update, despite the complaints from all over). What you couldn't get from AltaVista, no matter how much you tried, was a speedy answer. AltaVista would take 5 seconds; Google would have a response in 0.05 seconds. Unless your app is defining a new niche, you have to compete with the current players. Facebook needed to compete with MySpace. Google needed to compete with AltaVista. Google did it by storing an index of the whole internet in Ram. That's performance you worry about from day one, not something you can add in retrospect. J, which is close enough, was always free-to-use and recently open sourced https://github.com/openj/core K4/Q 32-bit is free for noncommercial use http://kx.com/trialsoftware.php and has been from the day it became generally available. (And before that, k2/k3/ksql were similarly available) A free / open source K3 interpreter is being developed in https://github.com/kevinlawler/kona , and while incomplete it is already quite capable. Oh, and Kx are (or at least were) quite reasonable with commercial use licenses for businesses that can't yet afford them. > Arthur's languages are awesome, no doubt about it. That is the only true thing you wrote. Last time I asked (3 or 4 years ago), the smallest installation was ~$100k, and it was a multi-core installation. IIRC in 2006 they mentioned that they were willing to entertain other financing models (such as equity) if it makes sense, although I have no idea how common that was, or if they are still considering it. Regardless, the claim that "you can't afford to run it on your home computer" is preposterous - k itself is free for noncommercial use, and kona and J are free, both libre and gratis. http://charliex2.wordpress.com/2011/03/23/redbull-marketing-... has some info Find a nearby hackerspace, and start visiting it. NoiseBridge in SF and Resistor NYC are two excellent examples. http://hackerspaces.org/wiki/Hackerspaces Try radically changing your food intake (patterns and/or content). E.g., http://wholehealthsource.blogspot.com/2010/12/interview-with... or http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intermittent_fasting ; When varying mine, I switch from periods of being a night owl to almost being a morning person, and from needing 8 hours to 6 hours (and also at different times - e.g. sometimes it's 2-9 am, sometimes it's 11pm to 6am) Experimenting with yourself is cheap, interesting and rewarding. Not always easy, but definitely worth trying. Also, read Seth Roberts at http://sethroberts.net/self-experiment/ - he (and his reader) report about a lot of experiments regarding sleep and mood; among those I remember: - eating lots of animal fat (bacon and/or butter) improves sleep. Standing on one leg for extended periods of time improves sleep (probably the easiest way to fatigue yourself into sleeping). His code actually _is_ a joy to read and use. Some of it requires more than a passing scan. But that's true of any code worth reading - if you don't need to scan it twice, it's most probably useless and bureaucratic, and could be done away with if a better design is used. His local indices are usually one letter (i, j, k), his local counters are usually one letter (m, n). His accumulators are sometimes one letter - much like math expressions. He gives a more descriptive names to variables that live for more than a 10 lines or code or so. And that's way more of a joy than reading a Java sourceful of "indexThatGoesSourceThe2ndArray" > Are you claiming there's a java language requirement that array indices are named with more than one letter? No, but it _is_ common practice to name things with long names, rather than one letter, even if they are loop indices. E.g., in the FLTK source code, most objects inside a short loop are called "o", e.g., things like for (Widget o = window->first(); o; o = o->next()) { o->activate(); o->show(); } I think that is extremely readable, 'o' in my mind stands for object in the same way that 'i' stands for index. Have you ever seen Java code in the wild that follows such a convention? I haven't -- it's always things like theWidget or even theChosenWidget instead. > I like go and Rob Pike's reputation speaks for itself but don't put words in the guy's mouth Please don't put anything in my mouth. I'm paraphrasing pike, you may disagree with the paraphrasing, but I was referring to, http://www.lysator.liu.se/c/pikestyle.html , specifically the section titled "Variable names". It's about C, and predates Go by some 18 years (and Java by 6). Not any "pet language" of mine. Probably the guy thought he had the gmail address and filled it in forms when actually he didn't. If one of these emails has his phone number, call him. If not, contact e.g. a bank that sends email to him, tell them "you've got the email wrong. Please notify your client because I have no way of reaching him, and you probably do". The fraud department of the bank will be able to take care of that quickly - you can start with "either this is a fraud, or a mistake, but here's the story ..." when you talk to them. It might be helpful to tell them (and hopefully relay to him) that this is YOUR email address, you've had it for a while. Expect the guy to ask you to sign over your email address to him, because his name is "Joe None" and your violating his property, or something crazy like that. Don't get angry, and definitely don't do anything stupid like impersonating him, logging in to his bank account or anything like that. This is not legal advice, and I hope you won't need any after you do the right thing and try to resolve this.... That's because disks are expensive in the UK, not because tape is cheap. You can get 2TB of disk storage for No tape device required, comparable speed, disks are random access; A backblaze-style setup in todays costs sets you back ~$60/TB for online, random access, storage redundancy and other nice things - 500TB can be build for $30K or so, with a few hundred dollars/month for electricity (and a few hundreds more for colocation if you don't have the office space). How cheap can you get a functioning system with reasonable (a few minutes) retrieval time when you have 400 1.5TB tapes? (you need redundancy here too, you know). Since sometime in '98, tapes make no economical sense whatsoever for any kind of storage, and hardly any sense at all, as far as I can tell. > Please note that this volume is also largely in the realm of tape archive. Current tape libraries are fast, and LTO-5 are 1.5TB uncompressed. It can definitely be cheaper in the long run. A backblaze setup with today's disk costs is Also, disk prices keep falling, whereas tapes (for the same technology) tend to remain the same price, so if you're considering future growth, disks win again. And furthermore, I have two 15GB hard disks from '99 that I took out of a computer in '2002, and I can still read (tested last month when I was cleaning up; I know the oil might congeal, but it hasn't in this case). I connected them to an external USB-to-IDE converter I found for $10, and they are still available. I also have a tape backup of some kind from the same era - and no way on earth to read it, because I don't have the tape device, and they're no longer being manufactured. This is not actually an "either-or" question. For a minimum viable product, you need to do the minimal amount of work, whatever that turns out to be for the startup you are building. Is it something like DropBox? In that case, you need to write at least part of your product as a Win32 Shell Extension, and regardless of how well you know Java, it is MORE work doing that in Java than in C++ Is it the new GoogleDocs/ZohoOffice? In that case, about 90% of your work is in JavaScript or a language that compiles cleanly to JavaScript. This might be Java (by way of GWT), but probably isn't. Is it a new "enterprise software system"? Java is probably a good choice, even if Java wasn't your strongest point. And if it HAS to be java for some reason, there's Clojure, Jython, Mira, LinJ and a few others that let you switch slowly and incrementally, without having to decide or make a tradeoff. You can't type a zero. A friend of mine was master of getting zeros without zeros - usually without increasing the program size -- so that he could type them with a "copy con" command. Those were the days. He just knew the instruction codings and what not to use - e.g., "sub al, al" instead of "mov al, 0". He knew all of those by heart. Both in hex and in decimal. (Me, I was able to read machine code from hex, but not write it unless it was extremely simple; and the hex dec conversion took too long. So I just used debug for those 10-20 instruction things) Innovative implies new. Other languages (LISP, APL, in many senses even Python) had this a long time ago. The fact that they had to add syntax is because C# isn't sufficiently flexible without it. It does not imply any form or manner of innovation. If you buy Microsoft software outside the US, you'll be talking to Microsoft Ireland, even if you are in the UK and the software you bought was fully developed in the UK (or in the US). Either way, the only reason to do that for Microsoft is because of Ireland's tax. And, if you follow the stock market, you'll see that many companies raise money by selling bonds backed up by money which will pay 30% to be repatriated (if they need to give it back), without taking those 30% into account. Many of them are betting on a "repatriation holiday". And they're probably going to get one because they own the legislation. People, please learn from mistakes of the past. Using less-than and greater-than as template parameters was a horrible idea by Stroustroup, but was copied by Java and C#. Although C# and Java do not suffer from the craziness that is C++, by virtue of requiring a class name, e.g. template void myclass() { ... code ...}; ... myclass 4>(); /* myclass ? or syntax error? */ is unique to C++ - but still, all lexing/parsing/syntax highlighting/analysis of the language is much harder because of this horrible choice. For heaven's sake, please use {} or [] or some other character which does not also function as an infix operator. (Even APL and K, which overload every character in fifty different ways, don't mix grouping with infix operators) If quotes are used for grouping characters (as they are in C, Java, C#, Python etc.) then this is just as bad as using <>. How can you tell if it is a character literal or a type? Ok. Still, it makes syntax highlighting and everythink lexical so much harder and ambivalent (think a > - close paren or right shift?) with no benefit compared to e.g. [] See this comment above in this thread: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2442468 It is a semantic error, not a syntax error (in the sense that an annotated grammar CANNOT, without semantic analysis, find that this is an error). The example given in this comment, F(G (7)) is syntactically ambiguous and can only be resolved to either F( (G (7) ) - a two argument function call, or F( (G (7)) ) - a one argument function call - when the types of F, G, A and B are known. Also, things like F > (which are perfectly legal) make lexing very hard - you can't assume '>>' is the shift right token without syntactic (and semantic) analysis. Or, you can decide like early C++ that you must write it F > which is confusing. While this is the website of a commercial company, it does have interesting material and examples. It is a variation on TRIZ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TRIZ ("The innovation algorithm"). Another variation is USIT http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unified_Structured_Inventive_Th... It is sort of a "Design Patterns" for creative solutions. While they are always non-trivial, there are shared principles that come up very often. Amigas of the day ran Mac software much faster than the mac did - they shared processor architecture (68000), so there was no need to translate code, and unlike the macs of the day, it had hardware acceleration for 2D graphics ("blitter") and sound (paula, denise or angus - can't remember which). The amiga was a technology marvel when it came out - it could do background 14-bit stereo sample playing in 1985 (PC got there around '92), and true useful multitasking with 128K (PC got there around '94, but not with so little memory). Graphics wise, it was on par with the arcade machines of the era - the PC got there in '93 or so. Technically, it was superior. And then the business part was miserably run, and the tech side stagnated (that is, was also miserably run). erlyvideo does HTTP Live Streaming "internally" segmenter (various open source variations floating around googlecode, github and other places) does too, by creating the files and letting you stream them out with your own web server (Apache, nginx, ....) There's enough support for it to be useful. If you are in good health, try fasting for a a week or so. I know, it sounds crazy, and everyone tells you that you must eat 3 meals a day, or else you'll die of malnutrition. Turns out that you can go about 40 days without food and sustain no irreversible damage (although only 1-2 days without water). The first two days are often hard, but that's because you're experiencing carb withdrawal symptoms (yes, you ARE addicted to carbs). Afterwards, you just don't think of food at all until at some point (in my experience, 7 to 30 days later), all of a sudden you can think of nothing but food - THIS IS HUNGER. what most people call hunger is appetite or carb additiction. And each and every time I did this (would be around 10 now), it fixed my sleep schedule for a few months afterwards. NOTE: This is not medical or nurtitional advice. Please research this yourself and consider getting advice for a medical professional. I'm on a 2+1+1 team: 2 hard core techs, 1 manager (but with a serious tech background), 1 sales/marketing/bizdev/business intelligence person. The sales/marketing person has made connection with all the right people in the industry, has generated a huge interest in our product, has gotten some RFQs running, and has mapped the competitive landscape better than any of us techs could do. (Especially since we are busy coding) - things that you wouldn't necessary look at, such as - who are the key decision makers with a customer organization, what are their internal conflicts and pain points. Do not underestimate the value of a good bizdev / bizint / sales / marketing person (bbsm). That said, it is much harder to evaluate the capabilities of such a person -- even for people who do that well -- than it is for a tech guy to evaluate the capabilities of another tech guy. So not every bbsm person is worth their weight in some precious metal - but some (including ours, luckily), do. So far, he's been putting the team together (we didn't all know each other before we started), working on funding, some strategic alliances, budget plans, g&a stuff, door openers. And he also does some technical stuff when he has the time. He is not a "manager" in the sense of making a plan for others to follow. Maybe at this point "organizer" and "facilitator" is a better description. But the usual title for this is manager / CEO. Regardless, even at this stage (for our kind of market) it is almost a full time job on its own. More accurate title is "resetting root password ....". It does not explain how to recover the existing password (that would be quite a feat - it would mean inverting md5 ..) > The fact YC has thousands of applicants for only 40 slots, and the fact that Angel List has helped get 280 companies funded in the past year means that the YC model isn't scaling to meet the demand both on the investor side and on the founder side. The founder side "demand" isn't (at least not in the usual economic sense of "supply and demand"). The founders supply risk. YC has limited demand for risk. For all we know, out of these thousands, only 80 are going to have positive returns. There could be millions, and still only 80 worth funding. It only makes sense for YC to scale up if they lose out on supply for "positive return" risk. While it is clear that there are great companies applying to YC all the time and getting rejected, it is not at all clear that YC can be more successful (by some metric they care about) than they are now. Possibly crackpot, but still interesting "Left In the Dark" theory says left side of the brain needs more sleep than right side, and that sleep deprivation can actually improve those areas in which the left side suppresses the right side. A very interesting read: http://leftinthedark.org.uk/ Is there a reason you need to involve css here? what's wrong with just embedding a data: url inside the html? Email clients avoiding going out to fetch external images, because that may be used to track user reading (when the image has been fetched, you know that the email was displayed on screen, so you can code every email you send with a unique URL, and get a date & time & ip & operating system etc. signature for every time it is read). They have no problem with inlined images, whether that is css or data: url. Thunderbird (for sure), and Gmail (I think) will display data: image urls inline; not sure about other clients. I've read the book, and it is well referenced and researched, at least on par with modern scientific standards: Which means, the author _probably_ picks the sources that support his ideas, and ignores those that don't (that's how modern published science works in nutrition, health and medicine). He follows (old) USDA dietary recommendations, which stipulate no saturated fat, and 60% carbs. That is really, really bad. The ultimate reference is "Good Calories, Bad Calories" by Gary Taubes - it is meticulously researched and referenced, and is likely 40 years more up-to-date than your nutrition or medical professional. I've started reading this hit piece, and saw, e.g. > "One can lose weight on a low-calorie diet if it is primarily composed of fat calories or carbohydrate calories or protein calories. It makes no difference!" Quoted from one of the "experts" refuting taubes. And yet, research by Robert Israel and Michel Cabanac (full list of references in Roberts' "What Makes Food Fattening" bibliography) shows that this is completely untrue - even flavor makes a huge difference, let alone "caloric intake". (BTW, if anyone can point me to any peer reviewed paper that validates "calories in-calories out" theory, I would be thankful. It appears to be an argument of faith, not of science, as far as I can tell). Good Calories Bad Calories is meticulously referenced. You may disagree with the content, but as far as science writing goes, it doesn't get any better or more rigorous. (And that's less of a compliment to Taubes, and more an indication of the sad, sad state of science writing). Taubes is a scientist and a journalist. The fact that nutrition is not his original field doesn't change much. It may well be wrong, but it is based on more research and science than the list 60 years of mainstream nutrition advice (I dare not use the word "science", and neither would any scientist who actually read publication in the field) As for modesty - that would not help his cause, whether that cause is educating others or making more money. What are you more likely to read, something titled "Most of what you know about nutrition is wrong", or "A humble suggestion to ignore nutritionists"? I'm confused. So, data: image uris work in web clients? > I imagine you have a more nuanced point, but the statement you quoted is clearly true taken for what it actually is saying. You are right, of course. Without quantifying (how low is "low calorie"?) these statements are useless. There was an experiment in Mass General some 15 years ago, in which they were able to get people with similar lifestyle/activity on 1500 cal/day diet. About one third lost weight, one third stayed the same weight, and one third gained weight, depending on how exactly the diet was composed. Yes, you will lose weight, regardless of diet composition, on less than 800 kcal/day. Is that "low calorie"? "too low calorie"? "moderate"?. No, you will not necessarily lose weight on more than 800 kcal/day. You probably will if your diet was not specially crafted to make you keep your weight on 800 kcal. When you get up to the 1200-1500 range, there is a non-negligible probability of "accidentally" gaining weight (or at least not lose it) by randomly stumbling on a bad diet composition. One of Cabanac's (If I'm not mistaken) experiment was able to make rats gain weight for 3 weeks on a diet of water+chalk (caloric value 0) for a while, by feeding them water+sugar+chalk for a while, and then dropping the sugar. Sure, it was water gain - but the calories in - calories out theory fails so miserably in this case (and countless others) that it cannot be taken seriously. (For only 3 weeks for a rat; it might not hold for a human for a few months in similar conditions). The calorie accounting is an approximation at best, which possibly takes several months to a year to average out reasonably, whereas a lot of the research focuses on results over 3 months or less. > I'd bet a fair amount that your Mass General study used self reported calorie intake. 99% of nutrition studies are, but this one wasn't. I can't find the reference now, though. Personally, I've been on a ~1200kcal/day diet for years (for some of that time, I did very detailed tracking), and stayed at my 220lbs. Which, of course, makes no sense, and it didn't to my girlfriend at the time who was an MD - so she decided she'd show me how wrong I am by eating the same as me. She lost weight quickly and started blacking out (apparently some form of malnutrition) within a few days, and stopped after a week with a SEP field resolution ("Contradicts everything I know, so I'm just going to ignore it"). Then, 12 month ago, on essentially the same diet, I started gaining weight - slowly but surely. And then I decided to cut away wheat, and lost 30 pounds within a month. (In retrospect, I also noticed that my gain weight coincided with going from pure-egg protein powder to egg-and-wheat protein powder). There are about a thousand more variables than calories, and the body can change its efficiency. Ignore the rat studies if you like, but cabanac has similar experiments with humans -- basically, people fed through a nose tube lose weight almost independently of the amount of calories you put in their stomach. Body just doesn't use the food unless proper signaling (apparently, scent related) happens. > Do you mean they should have pre-encrypted the CC number before encrypting it again in the standard SSL transaction? Would that have helped? Because if the PS3 knows how to encrypt and you own the server, decrypting is as trivial as just looking at the plain text You are wrong; They could have done that. That's the whole premise of public key cryptography (google/wikipedia if you are not familiar). It's possible, (and easy) for the client to encrypt something that a client cannot in general decrypt, nor can anyone else without the decryption key. And it is actually a good idea to not put the decryption key on the server you talk to - only on a server that actually talks to the payment gateway. > And how would you use that hashed CC number on the server? Unhashing (impossible)? Send the hash to the CC company (good luck)? Many credit card processors let you do something similar - i.e. you register the CC details once, get a "reference id", and then use that reference id to charge. I'm sure Sony could have used one of them if they cared. > For people who don't own the server and are listening in SSL is enough and for people with access to the server neither SSL nor any other encryption is enough. That is true. However, that is just one facet that needs defense, and one that has had almost no attacks in the last 5 years -- because SSL (if practiced correctly, which it rarely is) solves that problem, and attacking the server is usually easier than listening on the pipes. > They have done a lot of things wrongly, but this IMHO is not one of them. Everything they have done about this is wrong. And the fact you think they didn't, implies that you shouldn't be working on systems that have any sensitive information in them. I sincerely hope you don't, for the sake of your users. > And that's exactly how your typical SSL/TLS handshake works. True. > The problem is how does the client know he's encrypting to the correct public key? He has to have something stored giving him the key in advance or telling him how to authenticate the public key he's asked to use. True again. In the SSL/TLS, this is the "trusted roots" certificates, that the browser was created with. Why wouldn't the PS3 have a "trusted root" as such? > This is how the protocol messages were decrypted. The hackers modified their own console to trust a new public key, one to which they had the private key. Cool. But that doesn't let them decode _other_ clients' transmissions -- much like putting a new root certificate in your own browser doesn't make a session less secure for anyone else. Sony made many mistakes here, most of them due to either extreme hubris or extreme incompetence. Doesn't make it interesting for me; OLAP queries are very easy to distribute. Also, kdb+ achieves a "billion rows per second" scan on a similar dataset with just one or two instances (rather than 40), if you know what you are doing. Color me unimpressed. > Your argument of not wanting to be taxed for other people's education... just doesn't work. I'm with you on that, and on the general moral obligation to pay taxes even if you are in the minority that (supposedly) gets less than they put in with their taxes. However: In the US, the taxes you pay essentially go to government official's cronies in the banking and military industries and to corrupt unions. Really. The US now borrows some 20-50% of what it spends (depending on who you ask and how you count spending on things like medicare, social security, etc) In the US, you're not actually getting any health services (unless you're already dirt poor); good education is private in all age groups. The moral argument is much, much weaker in the US. And on the angle that I do agree with you -- I think most people who pay 35% taxes are actually paying much LESS than what they get for -- hiring your own guards is bound to be more expensive. That's the main service your taxes get you -- not getting robbed/killed every other day. Some people on this discussion mention that they simply run their own mail servers -- that's dandy for incoming mail. But how do you guys make sure your outgoing mail is not blacklisted/ignored/considered spam? That's been a non trivial problem for me in the past when I was running a mail server (and spam was not such a big problem back then). Also, is there any mail server you can run/recommend that has gmail-speedy searches and tagging? (And maildir support would be a super-extra-plus?) There are actually quite a few of those - New Work City, Sunshine Suites, and a few more. It's on the order of ~$30/day for walk-ins, last I checked (a year ago) and you can get much cheaper if you are more regular (around $100/month for 2 days/week, $250 for full time). Internet connection is valued too highly, though - Clear 4G gives you ""unlimited"" ""nationwide"" mobile internet for $45/month (and occasionally you can get the wifi hotspot in exchange for a contract). I put unlimited and nationwide in quotes because I don't know how true that really is, but if you are in NYC it works reasonably well. You are likely to spend more than $2 extra per day (==$45/month) extra in coffee/food working at Starbucks or Argo Tea or Think Coffee. Personally, I find I can't do work at a starbucks because of all the auditory and visual noise - YMMV. (Also, if you actually have any sort of income, you can expense the mobile internet connection, whereas you usually can't expense the coffee). > However, you get what you pay for. No. You get what you reward for. While payment is one form of reward, many customers reward a vendor with unconditional-repeat-business, in which case they usually get much less than what they paid for, even though they paid dearly. They just didn't reward for quality. A lot of expensive products are pure garbage, and in those cases, you certainly DON'T get what you pay for. The simplest example I can think of is HDMI cable. They cost $30/6ft at RadioShack when on sale, and $1/6ft at Amazon or MonoPrice. Customers pay RadioShack for it; what do they get? How is this different than the general case, and how is this different than the specific case of software? My skype defaults to the country listed in my profile. Maybe yours does too? Prediction is hard. Especially when talking about the future. FB might dethrone Google, of course. But the 30% number does not imply that. Ads in google are pretty damn effective for everyone who is using them, whereas (from what I've heard of people in the industry), the only ones who are happy with FB ads are "lifestyle" advertisers who can't actually measure their impact. If you look at Real Time Bidding, there are ~100Billion impressions per day, of which 80% are worth $0.0000 or less, and then it starts rising with most commanding about 300-400 microdollars per impression, with a few publishers commanding 30000-40000 per impression. If FB owns all of the 80% and most of the 15% that are 400 microdollars, and google owns the 5% of 40000 microdollars, Google is not in danger (yet; they shouldn't rest on their laurels, of course). The info I have, skewed a little by the RTB industry (but which is increasingly becoming the online ad industry), is that for now the case is as described in the previous paragraph. > I have never understood why I need to type my password twice. Inevitably I just copy what I wrote in the first box into the second. You have to type it twice, because you don't see what you typed the first time -- it's a validation. You don't see what you typed the first one, because that's "standard practice" for passwords, so that no one looking over your shoulder will see the password you typed. That makes sense sometimes -- e.g., when you register for your new gmail at a starbucks. For me, 99.9% of the time, that's not an issue -- I'd much rather have a checkbox that says "press here to hide password". But that's the standard practice. FB had already managed to get the people from Google, and that's (so far) hadn't gotten the expected result. So, as you mention, it is time for the advertisers to adjust. They might, and FB will be happy -- but if we can learn from RTB - the "intent to buy" (or "intent to act" in general) is worth some 80-90% of the impression value. So FB is potentially running in neutral until they can manufacture that. If you will be programming in Java, my condolences. (yes, I'm ready for the downvotes). I'm sure there's some nice Java code out there. I recently agreed to do a Java project, and the 6 months I was at it sucked the joy of programming out of me. I've spent the last few years doing Python, C and K, and in comparison, Java is so bureaucratic that I felt like 10% of my work was advancing towards my goal, and 90% was bureaucracy (compared to 20% bureaucracy in C, 5% in Python and 0.001% in K) And as for books, I recommend Jon Bentley's "Programming Pearls" series, Steve McConnell's "Software Project Survival Guide" and DeMarco and Lister's "PeopleWare". The last two have more to do with project (and people) management than with software engineering - but you will need these skills much earlier than you'd expect, perhaps even in your first couple of months of work. And PeopleWare is a short and enjoyable read, you could put it in the "leisure" pile. > Luckily for most people the ZoneInfo DB is part of the OS and gets updated with your system updates Actually, that's NOT true, because most people use Windows, whose TimeZoneDB is horribly implemented, and only cares about the present (and only if you updated recently). If you ask it about 2003, it will answer with today's rules, not with the rules that were in effect in 2003. While this is just a little bad for the US (rules changed only twice in the last 50 years), in some countries they have changed every other year, or they cannot be expressed with the rules that Windows has. Windows date and time handling is a joke. > They seem to be making progress at massive change in the middle east (Libya, Eqypt, Syria, etc.). It's pretty inspiring how much strength there is in numbers. I'm not much of a leader, but I would always participate. This is after 40 or so years of dictatorship in every single one of those countries; and peaceful previous attempts did not work (were mostly met with deadly force) In the US, most people have the illusion that they are actually voting for THEIR representative, and thus it will take 400 years (not 40) until something will happen. Douglas Adams described this very well: "Ford Prefect, of course, had an explanation for this, as he sat with Arthur and watched the nonstop frenetic news reports on television, none of which had anything to say other than to record that the thing had done this amount of damage which was valued at that amount of billions of pounds and had killed this totally other number of people, and then say it again, because the robot was doing nothing more than standing there, swaying very slightly, and emitting short incomprehensible error messages. "It comes from a very ancient democracy, you see..." "You mean, it comes from a world of lizards?" "No," said Ford, who by this time was a little more rational and coherent than he had been, having finally had the coffee forced down him, "nothing so simple. Nothing anything like so straightforward. On its world, the people are people. The leaders are lizards. The people hate the lizards and the lizards rule the people." "Odd," said Arthur, "I thought you said it was a democracy." "I did," said Ford. "It is." "So," said Arthur, hoping he wasn't sounding ridiculously obtuse, "why don't the people get rid of the lizards?" "It honestly doesn't occur to them," said Ford. "They've all got the vote, so they all pretty much assume that the government they've voted in more or less approximates to the government they want." "You mean they actually vote for the lizards?" "Oh yes," said Ford with a shrug, "of course." "But," said Arthur, going for the big one again, "why?" "Because if they didn't vote for a lizard," said Ford, "the wrong lizard might get in. Got any gin?" (copied&pasted from http://www.virtualeconomics.co.uk/2008/05/keeping-the-liz.ht... ) If you're staying in the same place for ~10 years, that is right. However, if you are NOT staying long term, you pay that + a profit margin to your landlord, but avoid the (usually 6%-8% all things considered) friction that goes to real estate agents, etc. If you live in NYC, and your studio apartment is worth $500K, that's $40K in friction costs -- rent for 16-18 months for the same unit. Ammortized over 10 years, it is not a big deal. However, if you move after 3 years, that brings your "owner equivalent rent" up by 50%. Circumstance is everything. In a city like NYC or SF where most people can't afford a house larger than they need at the moment, the introduction of kids forces you to move -- thus, if you're planning kids in the next few years, you're better off renting even if you know you'll stay in SF for the next 20 years. If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a linking verb is. A preposition is a word you should never end a sentence with. Well, let's use that attitude in mathematics: a*x^2+b*x+c = 0 -> x1 = (-b + sqrt(b^2-4*a*c))/2*a Given an equation that relates given values a, b and c (which we shall hereby refer to as the "equation constants") and unknown variable x ("the unknown"), one solution to x that satisfies said equation is given by: taking the square root (which is the inverse of the square operation) on 4 times a times c subtracted from b squared, subtracting b from this result, and dividing all of this by 2 and then by a again. Oh my. If mathematicians really thought that way, we would still not have discovered transcendental numbers. APL is a mathematical notion for expressing algorithms. It does that quite well - as well, or better, than standard mathematical notation does for equations. Have you ever met someone working in math or physics who would prefer english text to equations? > And yet you left out one of the solutions to that equation. Well, I left it out because I didn't have the +/- sign on the keyboard, and I didn't want to repeat the whole thing twice. > It's not always helpful to increase the density of information. In general, you only want to do that once you have everything worked out. I agree with this (and the original post), but not with the grandparent. In general I prefer a dense statement readable to someone "skilled in the art", with a textual description for those who don't. However, most programming lore equates the "full description" with a "good solution", leaving the mathematical conciseness an impossibility with few exceptions; notable exceptions are the APL (A+, J, K, Q) family. Note that in the text I wrote: > one solution to x that satisfies said equation is given by: Which is in agreement with the mathematical equation given above it. You can overload &&. You just can't make it short circuit like the default is. > indicating that the second part is the only solution. I'm not familiar with a notation in which implication means "only". As in: x = 4 -> x > 3 does not in any way imply that x is the only number larger than 3, or that x is only larger than 3. I specifically wrote "x1" to indicate _a_ solution, not _the_ solution; if it was _the_ solution, there would have been no need for the "1" index. > it must have the form "x1 = (-b + sqrt(b^2-4ac))/2*a". Alternatively, since sqrt could be the multi valued function with no specific branch selected, this actually does give all the solutions. > However, I'm willing to admit that this is nitpicking. And I can't even find any appreciation for it - Because you picked a set of assumptions (x is Real or Complex, sqrt is a specific branch of a multi-branch function, no natural order for solutions) treated as axioms, but question others, where said axioms actually determine correctness. Are you sure I was not, in fact, describing an equation in Z_2? Nitpicking at this level, especially if you do it often, might make you feel good about yourself, but doesn't actually get you anywhere. -- beagle3, who started professional life as a mathematician and switched to engineering at a later stage. While I usually follow "do not ascribe to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity", I don't think this case is adequately explained by stupidity. ... and you have just described the state of almost every single successful product and industry. So do you: x86 architecture, HTTP, Microsoft Windows, Adobe Flash, Water based urinals, internal combustion engine based cars, the modern English language, mobile phones. All of these disappear into the background once you get used to them - until they get replaced by something better or worse (to the point that you can't find the previous one) - and then they are visible again, either with an appreciative or nostalgic look, but only for a short while. Case in point for improvement - almost all pre-iphone phones are clunky (by today's standards), and almost all post-iphone touch screen phones are copies of the iphone. The clunky phones were just as clunky in 2005, but until the world was aware of the alternative, it wasn't obvious _how_ clunky and style free they are. Case in point for degradation - my 1280x1024 17" 4:3 matte LCD monitor that I got in 2005 still looks brilliant and useful on my desk - and I have a working 2001 17" CRT monitor that can do 1600x1200 without blurring or breaking a sweat. Both were not the cheapest available at the time I bought them, but were far from high end. I was recently looking for a replacement and can't find a freaking 4:3 LCD monitor; and all the 16:9 ones are glossy, 17" don't go above ~800 horizontal lines. Where's the style in that? And zed - since you like programming languages like Python and Lua (which both have a very well defined style) - you might like K (commercial version at kx.com ; open at https://github.com/kevinlawler/kona ) it's the ultimate stylish language. (And you can't look at software engineering seriously again after you've mastered it - everything looks so convoluted and unneeded. Think R on steroids, to the point that plain R seems as verbose as Ada) > Correct me if I'm wrong, but this seems to be a mere ad hominem, not an actual argument. It is also a straw man, because I never claimed that this kind of nitpicking leads to somewhere. In my previous comment I was even implying quite the opposite. You are wrong, but I will not correct you, as my sarcasm detector beeps strongly here. Correct me if I'm wrong. And super important: an 83(b) election, or you're going to regret it dearly. The document linked from the HN post describes how and why in the "Strategies and Pitfalls" section. If you have the time to play with it some more ... I wonder, does gcc or clang or icc do a better job? I feel that things have improved for the better since the points disappeared - more to-the-point, less "I can't believe I've been downvoted for saying this" threads (even though everyone DOES know they were downvoted ....) A fast interpreter is not an easy task, but it is still much easier than a jit or aot compiler that provides similar performance. Case in point - LuaJIT2's interpreter is faster than LuaJIT1 compiler (LuaJIT2's compiler is significantly better than either) - and the interpreter is much simpler, although neither is in no way simple. Writing a good compiler for dynamic language is extremely hard - PyPy took 6 years to reach speed parity with the Python interpreter (and has been improving since), Python2C and UnladenSwallow didn't manage to improve on it in any significant way. V8 / JaegerMonkey are super-complex JITs that seem - at this point in time - to be comparable with the performance of LuaJIT2's interpreter. Both LuaJITs were written by Mike Pall, single handedly as far as I can tell. If you read Mike Pall (mikemike on reddit, and whatever he puts up on the lua-list and luajit.org), you'll appreciate interpreters more. The USPS has been running balanced for years until recently, which I find very impressive. Judging by the amount of junk mail I find in my mailbox, they are charging too little. I do. I bookmark interesting threads to look at again in a month time or so, when all comment dust has settled, and I have a better perspective. I noticed that downvote buttons disappear after a while (24 hours after posting is my non-scientific impression), but upvote buttons never do; If e.g. 95% of the votes happen within 48 hours of posting, it might make sense to drop the upvote buttons as well at that point, and display the points -- if you believe they are useful. Personally, I'm happy with the comments just sorted by points and don't care for the actual number -- although, while you're at it, I would be happy if there was a controversy indicator of some sort -- when I read threads, I'm often interested in the consensus and the controversial. I can find the consensus in the first few posts; I can't tell where the controversy is. Reading through the comments, many people here claim "Without the scores, I can't tell whether the comments are worth reading". People, you are aware, I hope, that the comments are sorted by points in the display? The highest rated comment is shown first. And scores below 1 fade to gray (I think -3 is still readable without copy & paste, and -4 is the last displayed). Could someone explain how the specific number (rather than just sort order) actually influences their reading of discussions? I'm trying, and failing, to see how that would actually be useful. Honest question here. If you are optimizing for LOC, use a suitable language: from http://nsl.com/papers/qn.htm , the code that computes the solution is qn:{[n],/{:[n=#*x;,*x;,/_f'f x,\:/:(!n)_dvl,/x]}'(f:0 -1 1+/:)@!n} And it uses backtracking, which makes it infinitely faster. But armin isn't optimizing LOC. > Bitcoins have no intrinsic value. Gold has very little - it is used in jewelery, CDR coating, teeth and a few other industries -- but you can't live in it, nor can you eat it. Beans have more intrinsic value than gold of the same weight.... Yet, no one doubts gold as a currency. The main, strike that, ONLY, relevant feature of a currency is the willingness of others to exchange stuff for it. At this point in time, bitcoin possesses this feature. > The net transaction is $0 (an exchange of currency for T-bills of equal value) That is only true if T-bills are generated slower than the rise of other money instruments. In the last few years, that has not been the case (and evidence for that is seen in the tanking dollar value compared to any other currency, including gold). > Can you exchange your bitcoins for gold or beans? At this point in time, you can. Next week, that might not be true. But the same could be said of the currency of Belarus, which was devalued 50% overnight last week (the USD in 1931 suffered the same fate after physical gold was confiscated). Which is all that is required to make it a currency. > Gold is a commodity, not a currency. It is a scarce commodity that is highly demanded as a part of luxury goods. Thus, it commands a high price on the open market. :) That's a game of semantics. Gold's current price has little to do with its luxury good status, and everything to do with its scarcity and historical claim to fame as a currency. That was historically gold's role in the last 3000 years or so, and it hasn't been dethroned yet. > Unlike country-backed fiat money, you cannot exchange bitcoins for goods But you can. And people around the world are not accepting USD as much as they used to 20 years ago - in the past, in most middle eastern and south american countries, you were able to pay with US dollars everywhere. That is no longer true. Does that make the fiat US dollar less of a currency? You can play semantics all you want, but gold and to some extent silver are used as currencies. An excellent explanation. Sadly, I can only upvote it once. > "Semantics" have nothing to do with it. Commodities [0] != currencies [1] Semantics have everything to do with it, as I will demonstrate below. > One exists as a medium of exchange, while the other is a good with no differentiation between sources. Well, as long as the USD is not fake, you don't care what the source is :) Similarly, for non-fake gold. > Currencies are differentiated by the trustworthiness of the governments that issue them. Today, that is true. However, the Chumash people had a currency that -- like bitcoin -- was not centrally managed, and reflected work put into something, rather than any fiat or backing store of value. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chumash_people#Culture - I can't remember where I read a more detailed account. Basically, you could sit on the beach all day and make money -- and it took slightly longer than the equivalent exchange rate would get you in food (so you could hunt/gather food, or make money, with comparable time expenditure, and exchange them). The whole system broke down when European drills (as manufacturing tools) were introduced and made money making simple. > First: I admit I wasn't aware that retailers accepted bitcoins when I posted that comment. I've discovered otherwise now, so the "hill of beans" comment is wrong. Sorry. So - let's get back to semantics: do you agree bitcoin is currency? (exists as a medium of exchange), or commodity? (a good with no differentiation between sources) because it has both properties, thus showing that the definitions are not mutually exclusive. A USD is currency but not commodity; Beans are commodity but not currency. Gold, Chumash beads and bitcoin are both. > Name a first-world country where gold is widely accepted as currency. In NYC where I live, hundreds of stores will accept your gold in exchange for other merchandise (at a bad exchange rate for you...). You can identify them by the sign "We buy gold". You must have seen them in other places too. > but it's not backed by a central body True, but .... > nor does it carry a relatively stable value (unlike fiat money) Wrong, and if you truly believe that you might be beyond help. The US devalued the USD by 50% in 1931. Belarus did it to their fiat currency last week. Between 2002 and 2006, the EUR/USD exchange rate went from 0.8 to 1.5 (almost 100%) - "stable"? In fact, up until 1971, the backing for the USD (and most other currencies) was gold - it only became a true fiat currency in 1971! Before that, it was a claim on some amount of gold in fort knox, and value was derived from that. Well, I remember that when pg et al started YC, there was a general sentiment that the Y Combinator model cannot work in the US either. Hell, as late as 2010, a friend of mine who is a VC partner said that "YC has lots of nice names in its portfolio, but it is unclear whether it is going to succeed financially". And about 6 months later, his VC started a YC-inspired fund. I hope so too, for those times that I cannot avoid Java -- although, following Avery's blog posts and programming style, I would assume that Java is not one of his favourite languages. It's true that most of them are not in Tel Aviv, but they are far from being spread out - they are almost entirely within the a small section that includes Tel Aviv, Ramat Gan, Herzeliya, Natanya and the south end of Haifa - I guess that would cover 90% of Israeli startups (as well as established high tech companies), and about 15% of the Israeli population. > Greylock Partners, that do not have branches in Israel I'm not sure when that was last updated, but Greylock has had an active Israeli office for more than two years now. Well, as long as the company is private, you can stop that from happening. I have shares in a few private companies, some of which I've invested in, and some of which I earned through work. Every single one of these had a "right of first refusal" clause in the investment / option / stock grant agreement; If I have a buyer, I must give existing shareholders the option to do the deal at the same conditions -- and they can either take it whole or leave it. Doesn't make much of a difference for me (once a buyer is available, I'll get the same conditions), but it does let the company -- if it so wishes -- keep the investor pool small, if they pay to play. Also, having been an entrepreneur and having raised money myself -- 500 shareholders is something you don't accidentally get to before your private company is worth hundreds of millions of dollars. And at that point, you won't care about the cost of releasing audited financial statements - the reason everyone avoids that at that point is that you can't keep your cards secret anymore. > The SEC couldn't staff up to take on more workload, because Congress held the purse strings and (mis)appropriated the fees meant to pay for same. You imply the SEC actually wants to do their job, which is not true, as has been demonstrated by e.g. Markopolos in the case of the Madoff, and many others. The SEC has been captive (in the sense of http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regulatory_capture ) for decades. I would put languages into classes, in the sense that if you can program in one language of this class, you can program the others. You won't be efficient or idiomatic, but you will be able to program. * Python, Ruby, Javascript * C#, Java * Haskell, Ocaml, F# * Forth, PostScript, Factor * Lisp, Scheme, Dylan, Pliant * C++ * C, Assembly You'll need one of each, although you can do very well with just C + Python. But you do remember who said what without scrolling, even if it is 3 screens up? (do you even care WHO said it at all or just what was said?) Also "use my mouse to record the level of indention" is wrong. It is perfectly visual. "On some sites" - maybe, but not on HN. And we're discussing (on HN) a comment made on HN. To me, your argument makes no sense and looks like a rationalization of "damn it, I'm used to seeing this style, and I'm going to find an excuse to use it on HN whether it makes sense or not" > Elop seems determined to walk in Adam Osbourne's footsteps: Rick Belluzzo's footsteps are a better comparison: (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Belluzzo for more); He killed HP's processor business (giving it to Intel for free), then destroyed SGI (killing MIPS and IRIX in the process). The main beneficiary in all three cases (Nokia, SGI, HP) is actually Microsoft - where Belluzzo got a job later, and I'm sure Elop will go back to later to collect his reward -- after all, he sold Nokia to MS for $1B, way below market price. I haven't yet used it on GAE, but web2py is awesome, and works on everything including Jython, CPython, GAE, any database you can throw at it. It is sane, quite easy to use and reasonably fast. web2py is underestimated IMO - give it a try. bup is a backup system by Avery Pennarun (apenwarr). It is "the awesome" - it is fast, de-duplicating, awesome, and yet a regular git repository. sparkleshare is a dropbox-like system that uses git as a back end (Mac OSX and Linux only for now) > Sounds like you're in the same boat as everyone else in your round, right? 5% of the investment is accounted for by US tax payers. The rest are not, so I'm not in the same boat. > If the stock goes down further, you should be able to claim the loss on your taxes when you sell, which should mean you would need more than a 52% total decline to go in the red on the deal. No. The tax event is on the grant, not a capital gain (therefore capital loss does not cancel). Furthermore, if I fall under AMT (very likely), I can't deduct anything. > Are you an accredited investor? Yes. Only if done in very specific way (google "triangular merger", there are several variations). This deal wasn't, and I wasn't in the driver seat to make it that way. Well, it might be _just_ 33% depending on how my other projects work out this year. Not much of a difference those 2%. I've been doing well so far with actual work, and my investments seem to be going well, except that I keep getting hit on the crazy taxes (to the point that GOOD investments end up as losses!) The reason I "told HN" is that I was not aware of how bad not optimizing the taxes could be; I thought I'm wasting 5-10% of potential profits by not optimizing. Turns out to be more than 100% on a totally ordinary deal. > Also, if the stock has gone down 40% can't you claim that as a loss when you sell and lessen your overall tax burden? Not really - not with AMT. I probably could. The stock went down during the week I was trying to get clearance from my lawyer :( It used to be illegal to hedge against SEC rule 144; Apparently, it is now legal (but check with your lawyer before you hedge -- don't trust an anonymous person on the internet) They used to explicitly prohibit you. As far as I can tell, they don't explicitly prohibit you but they say something like "we'll look at it badly if you do" in their publications. Make of that what you will. > if your shares were to rise above the transaction price, would you not be subject to capital gains tax on the gain? Yes. The way the IRS views it, I was given a an ordinary income bonus which consisted of new shares, and which was valued at $Z during the grant (and taxed as such, at that second). From now on, I own shares, so capital treatment goes into the future. If the stocks drop, I will have capital loss when I sell them -- but I need some other capital gain to net against. No, there can be a cash at the beginning, no larger than 20% or 50% of the deal (depending on whether it is reverse or forward merger. Get a tax specialist if these details matter to you and you are in the driver seat) Well, it's basically a protection against intricate pump-and-dump schemes that include mergers and acquisitions - the rule basically says shares allocated (rather than _bought_ or invested into) need to be held for 6 months. (It is sometimes known as "lockup period", and versions of it exist in many countries). However, the entire allocated stock in this deal is ~1% of the buying company; so this protects no one. Even if all of the allocated shares were sold on day 1, the stock would not have moved more than ~5% as a result. However, the market conditions has caused it to move 40% in a week. If they had filed a provisional application a year before (2009), and the patent is granted, the effective time goes back to the provisional filing date. I suppose that is what the gp was alluding to. Obligatory ref: http://www.brepettis.com/blog/2009/3/3/the-cult-of-done-mani... (Bre Pettis is a cofounder of the NYC Resistor hackerspace, and of MakerBot Industries) Israel has a German-like safety net (health, food, unemplouyment, training and otherwise), and more risk taking than the US - at least where technology is concerned (only silicon valley tops israel in startups per capita - even California does not). So neither explanation is good. Question to mac developers: Does Apple let you in any way develop/debug/test programs for older operating systems? If I bought a newly-released-today MacBookAir with Lion, but I want to develop software that would still run on 10.6 and 10.5 - what's the official (and unofficial) ways to do that? It works for some people (my not-really-scientific observation is around 70%), but not for others. And part of the culture is dismissing anyone for which it doesn't work with "you're doing it wrong". It's like telling someone who has a magnet "gravitation is the only force". There was a point in history when that was common, but it no longer is. In 100-200 years, calorie counting will probably be revised to the point that it is only a small part (and when properly managed, negligible) part of the weight management equation. For me the rule seems to be something like: no carbs - weight goes down at a rate of ~0.4kg/day (with a lower limit at ~82kg), regardless of calorie count, and yes, I varied the amount of taste-free-fat from nothing to ~2000kcal/day. With wheat: wait gain with sickness-upper limit of ~100kg (when I get there, I feel physically sick to the point of not eating) -- REGARDLESS OF CALORIC INTAKE (~800 average daily for over a few months, while constantly gaining weight). Some carbs but no wheat - mostly stable weight, I'm still working on figuring out the good carbs from the bad carbs. > it is not legally permitted to target advertising using real identities, [citation required]. As stated, this can't be right because my physical mailbox is chock full of real identity advertising - mostly related to credit cards but not only. A decade ago, Oren Tirosh published "mnemonicode", which was a selection of 1600 words which were optimized to be (i) internationally recognizable, and (ii) have distinctive pronunciation that would survive a low-quality phone medium and/or a non-native speaker. I can only find a copy in the wayback machine now: http://web.archive.org/web/20051109233255/http://www.tothink... http://web.archive.org/web/20051109230247/http://www.tothink... That's already happening. Google, MS, Apple, IBM, Intel, AMD/ATI, nVidia, AT&T and a few others already have cross-licensing deals essentially between everyone and everyone. It's just that HTC and Samsung are not part of _this_ cartel. You want to have a look at the APL / J / K family, where functions like |/0(0|+)\ that compute the maximum-consecutive-sum (honest!) are the norm. You know, I was thinking the same about Java. That's when I posted this question. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2094274 ; It got front page, and one (that's 1) pointer to good Java code. For whatever reason, whether it is merit or culture, Java programmers tend to write horrible code. I'm sure there's some nice Java code out there, that is not 20 times longer than it should be. But I have not yet seen evidence, even though I've been searching for it for a while. FWIW: Had no discomfort when I started standing up. I think my Vibram Five Fingers are to thank for that; About a month after I started using them, I noticed that knee aches that have been there for years have virtually disappeared, that my calf muscles are much stronger, and that the weight distribution on my feet is much different (balls instead of heel). It boils down to interpretation of what constitutes a "derivative product". I think it would be better if whoever used Rails and made changes to Active Record _had_ to share these changes (a-la AGPL), without having to share the app they built on top. Similarly, it's better if ffmpeg users who offer a service based on ffmpeg were required by the license to share their ffmpeg modifications (the way Google already does without being required to) without a need to share the rest of the webapp. They won't. To lose control of the information, the way it is _generated_ must become decentralized. While this may happen (e.g., it does in foreign exchange markets to some extent), it will not be _this_ kind of information, but something completely different. mprotect() doesn't let different threads have different read/write permissions to a page. You need different processes to achieve that. > but traditionally many servers were purchased per-role. This tradition started ~98, with Microsoft. Before that, when servers were Suns, IBM and Digital, every server had lots of roles. Somehow, microsoft convinced the world that it's better to have one server per role (and pay them for some more licenses). You can't just quit the game. You bought gold, which conserves your wealth ... and the government takes 15% to 50% of your "profit" (depending on your circumstances). Debasing by the fed together with the tax systems guarantees there's nothing you can do against it. Intellectual "Property Tax". Have everyone declare the value of their intellectual "property" (patents, copyrights, trademarks) - each and every item, for that year, on their tax return, and have them pay 1% of the value as "IP tax". That amount is what one pays for a compulsory license or if successfully sued, and up to 3 times that for willful infringement, per year -- and no more. (But of course, patent owner can always negotiate a lower payment) All of a sudden, everyone has an incentive to state a reasonable value for their patent. Copyright catalogs that are not being published (old music recordings, old books, old movies) would be assigned 0 value by copyright holder, to avoid tax - which means anyone can freely make a copy. If they believe -- at the end of the year -- that someone is making a profit at their expense, they can set the value as high as they want at the end of that year, pay the tax, and sue the profiteer. Simple, elegant, and coffer filling. > Just don't include or load the Win32 subsystem. Wishful thinking. If you develop a nontrivial app for Windows, you must go down to the Win32 API. e.g. Hardware assisted Video decoding, Direct3D, many COM apis are not at all or not properly available in .net. If you don't load Win32, nothing except simple .NET CRUD apps is going to work. Well, there have been "cross platform" frameworks before, for some definition of "cross platform". But the key here is that it is a _new_ platform. Why would a developer prefer to use one new platform (Win8 / WP8) over another (MeeGo, WebOS, Bada, iOS)? The appeal of Windows for developers, for the last 15 years, had been "installed user base" (which is strongly related to backwards compatibility). If you take away backwards compatibility (hence no instant installed user base), why is W8 relevant? It is no worse than the existing system. If you are not aware, filing a patent costs a few thousand dollars, and after receiving a patent, you have to file "maintenance fees" which easily total tens of thousands through the lifetime of a patent. Same incentive exists today to grant patents (government makes much less money from rejected patent than from granted patent), and to prevent them from expiring (collect more maintenance fees). Hell, the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act (affectionately known as "The Mickey Mouse Protection Act") which extended copyright retroactively from 70 to 95 years showed that congress is all too willing to do that to help their friends in the media industry, without even requesting payments; it is definitely NOT the lack of "intellectual property tax" that stops congress from increasing the term of patents (or copyrights). Earlier you mentioned: > it gives the government an incentive to grant patents and to prevent them from expiring. as a downside to IP tax, when said downside already exists with said system, and is not made worse by my proposal. Then you say: > Existing maintenance and filing fees clearly have not been enough to prevent large numbers of frivolous patents. But this does not support your earlier assertion - the existing fees actually _support_ a large number of frivolous patents, because the value of a patent is (potentially) infinite, whereas the cost is known, and not prohibitive. The existing fees were NOT designed to curb patents -- they were designed to make it profitable for the government. > Any IP tax would have to be quite a bit larger than fees existing now to be effective." My proposal addresses this perfectly. It puts the "cost of carry" of a patent in direct proportion to its value. It is not a "sin tax", it is a "use tax" - if you use the legal system (courts, customs) to protect your profits, you pay according to these profits. The end result is likely to be much fewer well written patents which are non-trivial and (relatively) easy to defend in court, which will be strategically selected by the grantees. Furthermore, it puts older and newer patents on equal grounds, unlike other suggestions of "from now on ..." It is probably possible to balance the filing fees (because of fewer patents) and the IP tax so that it doesn't reduce the government intake; This might not actually be at 1%/year, but rather at 2%/year or 0.5%/year (or some other number), so the liquor thing might not be relevant -- although I agree, in general, that the government is itself a "fee / tax" junkee and therefore cannot be trusted to do the right thing. > There's no reason to think that Windows 8 won't match it. Actually, there is reason to think Win8 adoption will be slower - many people were still on XP (a 10 year old OS!) and holding out on upgrading to Vista because it was so bad (perception wise; no comment on any objective measure of quality). So when Win7 came out and was not bad (perception wise), all those who held out were happy to update. It's possible the Win8 updates won't be as popular because Win7 (like XP before it) is good enough that there is no compelling reason to upgrade. But even assuming it does do 300 million in 2 years - poll your favorite developers; what is the time frame since win7 was out that they are willing to do a "win 7 only" release? (no vista support, no xp support)? My bet would be that maybe some would NOW, but no one would have a year ago. .NET has been generally available for 10 years now, .NET a part of XP/Vista/Win7 for over 5 - and the vast majority of generally available desktop software is STILL not using it. Why would you believe a new Win8 runtime would be different? Exactly. Also, no customs & border enforcement against trademark / copyright / whatever infringement. Louis Vitton didn't pay IP tax ? They don't get to stop knock offs from being imported. Align value with cost - that's the way to properly allocate resources. Well, it's already prohibitively expensive to get patents all over the world, and -- People keep forgetting that -- a patent is an offensive measure - it gives you the right to sue and litigate, but not much else! If you don't have the money to litigate, your patent is already worthless. In some countries, litigation is cheap; but in the US, you need $200k-$500k available to have a chance to enforce your patents. Applying for a multiple jurisdiction patent (in e.g. US, Europe and japan - which for example still doesn't let you enforce in Russia, Mexico and Switzerland) already costs upward of $50k They simply declare them worth zero for the year, and pay nothing. They still own the copyright. And if 5 years down the line, they realize someone else is making a profit of it, they declare a reasonable value at the end of that year, pay the tax, and collect their fees (through court or otherwise). Exactly. If you build on someone else's (intellectual) property, you better have an agreement with them. However, the ip tax would make it harder to claim an idea is worth $400,000,000 (eolas, i4i) unless it makes sense, because maintaining that claim would cost $4M a year. > Why haven't Windows 7-only applications caught on? A major reason is consumer expectations coupled with only a marginal effort required for backwards compatibility for a big increase in market. .NET was a technical back-end change that isn't user-facing, so it competes with legacy code-bases and existing experience. And that's reason enough for Win8 applications not to catch on, unless microsoft manages to create a substantial "other" market in the form of phones or Xboxen. Whether or not they succeed, we will have to wait and see. But much like local services, IP needs government services to function -- it's the customs service that stop cheap knockoff imports, it's the legal system that makes others stop using your patent or levy the rent you as a patent/copyright owner seek. (And eventually, it's the police force and prison system that underwrites the legal system's power). So it's really no different than other "taxes for services" arrangements. From the time-of-day you have replied, I have to assume you are in Europe or the UK, whereas this discussion is about the US (if you are in the US, I would have to assume you were misinformed or trolling), so ... 1) Monopolies can pass costs only as so far as they have become essential monopolies - like the power company, Microsoft, US health care or phone companies. But 99.9999% of patents are monopolies on _inessential_ things, which the customer can just avoid if not competitively priced, so they CANNOT pass it on. New cheese making patent may give monopoly on a new cheese kind, but if not competitively priced would keep customers with their old Camembert. 2) that has already happened, that's why in the US, the patent office is already a rubber-stamp, patent examiners have 8 hours to review a patent, and are encouraged to accept the patent rather than reject it. 3) Patents are at the top of the legitimacy scale already in the US. Unfortunately. Which is what Cuban (the original article) is talking about. 4) Well, patents don't do that any differently than anything else. A company could just as well buy a house for $100K, claim it is worth $100M, pay property taxes to the local council, and claim "huge value". If someone is going to be this fraudulent, it doesn't matter if they do it with "house", "patent", "copyright", "trade secret", or any other "property". You could probably go on, but nothing you mentioned is relevant to the discussion of patents in the US (which is what the original article and my proposal is about), and very little (3, maybe) has any bearing on that discussion in Europe. Ok, so you say you're not in Europe, and you say you're not a troll. So I would have to assume that you are misinformed (the other alternative based on the coherence of _this_ post, is that you are drunk). > the fact that we are having this debate shows that legitimizing patents is still a challenge in the US No. Hackernews and reddit are two places that don't consider patents legitimate. Outside of those two, there are fewer things in the US at large that are considered MORE legitimate than patents. (If we had a discussion here discussing how evil Zebras are, would that indicate Zebra innocence is still a challenge in the US?) > it is Econ 101 that monopolies pass-on price increases. No. Apparently, you've failed Econ 101. There's a huge difference between essential monopolies and inessential monopolies - if I open a banana stand, I have a monopoly over selling bananas in that stand. Does that mean I can pass on any price increases? Yes, if everyone needs a banana AND there is no alternative supplier close enough (making me an essential monopoly). Otherwise, no. Patents are mostly for very limited and inessential monopolies, and they therefore CANNOT do that. > The point is that software are specifically on things that on can't easily work because they are so. And they sue the companies after their software is implemented. I have no idea what you were trying to say here. The important thing to note is that the baseline is not a patent-free world. The baseline is a world in which patents are legitimate, cheap, and let the patent owner set the value (including infinite value, stopping others from using that patent) without any increase to that cheap fixed value of the patent (beyond the costs of litigation) > regardless of whether IP should be taxed, the argument for taxing it is not that all property is taxed - because it isn't. That's true. But hard-to-hide expensive stuff (houses, cars, land) IS taxed because it is hard-to-hide and expensive, and patents could equally well have the same fate. I agree with everything you say. And yet, Apple is not run by MBAs or MBA culture - it is being run by a person whose roots are in technology, liberal arts, LSD and hare krishna, and is a college dropout. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Jobs#Early_years is illuminating about who this person is. And still, in terms of competition for the "smartphone" customer, it was essentially only competing with the iPhone, and losing on everything but price. It took a couple of years to be comparable in "attractiveness" (features+look+easy of use .. the mix that customers want). The W7 mobile phones are losing on everything including price to both iPhone and Android. That's a much harder fight. Microsoft might still be a contender in this game -- they spent some $5B and managed to attain that position in gaming despite a very late start (compared to Sony and Nintendo). Though you should remember Sony were resting on their PS2 laurels, and Nintendo were licking their wounds at the time. Both Apple and Google are still with a cut-throat we-have-to-win-this attitude, and they are strong opponents. Israelis curse in a mix of Arabic, Russian, German, Polish, Yiddish and recently even English -- but at least at this point in time, Arabic is the dominant source. There's a decent selection of biblical foul words to use, by the way, and many are in use. And the reference to a penis is interesting in its own way - at least three times in the last 200 years, a new "safe" reference, and the reference took over as the improper foul word. The one in the last 50 years is literally equivalent to "the f" (as in, "the f word") was spawned verbs equivalent to "I will f you" -- the emerging noun, "זיון", is pronounced exactly the same as the f*cking Microsoft iPod competitor. And while we're at it - he is much better known for the CAP theorem: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CAP_theorem The publication of the source code was not a defensive move. It predated the clones - it was a time in which it was customary to include schematics with manuals (I still have an "XT Technical Reference" at home which includes full schematics and commented bios source code. You are profoundly naive if you believe that is what Facebook is for. FACEBOOK IS A TOOL TO MAKE YOU (the user, their product) MORE MARKETABLE TO ADVERTISERS (the customers). By knowing everything about you, they can get better rates from advertisers. Everything else, like photo sharing, and the ability to send messages to other people, or check into place, is designed to get more info about you, and to make sure you don't wander off Facebook to their competitors (if you didn't have picture sharing, you'd be using Picasa or Flicker more -- and that might threaten facebook). They didn't do it to aid hobbyists or hackers per se. It was just standard practice at the time. Televisions, radio receivers, amplifiers, washing machines -- almost everything came with schematics. Also, at the time, IBM did not consider the PC a "serious" business - they just did the minimum possible to not lose out on a possible new market. The original PC (PC-g) and even the PC-XT were basically not much more than Intel's reference 8086 / 8088 design with not a lot of modifications -- I don't think anyone at the time (1982) thought there was much IP there anyway. > We can probably rent it for our mortgage. (This for me is the most important thing -- basically we bought the rental we would have lived in). What's your down payment? Unless it is trivial (3 months rent or something like that), there's also the cost of making your down payment illiquid. Sounds like it is still a good decision, but don't forget that cost as well. Ubuntu Linux is doing reasonably well in America, as does Debian (neither controlled by a US based company). A mobile phone OS? I think the Psion was doing ok in its day -- the operating system was later named "Symbian" and run a few hundred million Nokia phones, although it is not doing so well anymore. This comment would be meaningful when Minecraft has been out in the market for 3+ years. I disagree that this will help, because the established companies the pledge would apply to are a secondary problem and mostly seem to fight each other (has Microsoft asserted patents against a startup? has IBM? has AT&T? when they asserted patents it was against multi-million dollar businesses!). The primary problem is patent trolls (see e.g. lodsys / intellectual ventures) for whom this pledge could be considered self-harm. I will quote myself from [ http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2855835 ] here for another solution, one that actually can _easily_ go through government (except for the intense lobbying against it by whoever enjoys the current patent regime); you can read there for some discussion if it is interesting. Quoth myself (with minor editing): Intellectual "Property Tax". Have everyone declare the value of their intellectual "property" (patents, copyrights, trademarks) - each and every item, for that year, on their tax return, and have them pay 1% of the value as "IP tax", per year. Clarification: you can set a different value every year. The value may drop to zero because a competitor's patent solves the problem better; or it may go up because it becomes essential to something that becomes commonplace. That amount is what one pays for a compulsory license or if successfully sued, and up to 3 times that for willful infringement, per year -- and no more. (But of course, a patent owner can always negotiate a lower payment, as is done with music recordings that have compulsory license agreements) All of a sudden, everyone has an incentive to state a reasonable value for their patent. Copyright catalogs that are not being published (old music recordings, old books, old movies) would be assigned 0 value by copyright holder, to avoid tax - which means anyone can freely make a copy. If they believe -- at the end of the year -- that someone is making a profit at their expense, they can set the value as high as they want at the end of that year, pay the tax, and sue the profiteer. Simple, elegant, and coffer filling. edit: put missing link edit: added clarification about setting value each year anew. To clarify: the declared value puts a _maximum_ on awarded damages, but does not make it in any way automatic (even if the product is found infringing). My proposal is that it is set retroactively one year back: when you file your 2011 taxes (on April 2012 at the latest), you would assign a value for it for 2011, and pay it at that point. If you sue (or even threat to sue) someone in 2011 before paying the tax, that is an admission of tax liability - if you declare less at the end of the year, that's grounds for the IRS to audit you and assume your highest estimate during the year (as shown in the threat to sue) sets your tax, and anything else is automatic assumption of tax evasion. A future-looking only assessment is also possible; but in that case, you have to be able to set the value (and pay the tax) on a monthly basis -- otherwise, it calls for anyone who is willfully infringing to wait until 1-jan, ask for the IP value, and if it is less than they expected to pay, have a year of "free" use. My proposal is an attempt to sort-of balance the existing state of affairs -- if at the end of the year, you didn't manage to license it to anyone, you shouldn't be taxed for what you thought it is worth. Until _before_ a patent case. The taxes are what gives you the ability to sue (and a limit to the damage you can be awarded), and there is no guarantee you will win your case of that your patent will not be invalidated. Again, you have to pay the tax _before_ you can sue, and then you can only sue for the value reflected by the tax for that year, no more (and you are still subject to invalidation, etc). You need a carrot for Congress. Right now, a patent reform (of the kind HN would generally like) will: a) reduce government intake in the form of patent registration and maintenance fees b) get all the lobbyists employed by current patent holders (who spend billions of dollars on those patents) working against you. Why on earth would congress do something like that? So that 0.05% of the population that actually has any idea how bad it is would rejoice? (If your answer is "to improve american competitiveness" or something like that -- well, you have no idea how congress works) However, if you can get a new spending source, you just have the lobbyist problem to take care of. ... thereby making it cheaper for trolls acquiring patents, like Intellectual Ventures, as there is less market for the patents -- but not slowing them down. you should be worried about Microsoft: see the chilling effect case of virtualdub, a Windows-only software. No, it does not reduce to 1%. At worst, it will reduce to (1/p)% (with p However, it does chill the chilling effect - right now, e.g. Microsoft has ~20,000 patents, and they can sue anyone for anything. This way, they will actively have to choose strategically what they want to enforce. Finally, and I think I haven't made this clear enough, I don't think my proposal is a GOOD patent system in any way. It is bad. But it is not as bad as the existing system, and (I suspect) it has a much better chance of passing than a complete reform. Furthermore, it stops some of the (currently legal) tax loops that involve passing patents among shell corporations. The basic idea is to align value with cost. Any system in which the value of the patent is potentially infinite (as in the current system) is materially broken, and it is just a matter of time until someone finds a way to game it (non practicing patent trolls). Any sane system must have cost (of patent, property, copyright, etc) rise at least linearly with value. I don't disagree a non-retroactive possibility might be better; I just haven't been able to reach a conclusion about it. And, it is more than just a tax on patent infringement damages - because you have to pay the tax upfront, which makes a big difference in cashflow. eolas's $600M verdict against Microsoft, and i4i's $400M verdict would both require posting $6M / $4M per year respectively in never-to-be-recouped taxes, which is a huge sum for the companies in question, and would probably have made them not sue. Furthermore, it involves the IRS in valuations, which is a good thing (because it is much harder to mess with the IRS) - manipulation of the value of a patent would have to be explained, and not arbitrary to avoid taxes. Anyway, we could all dream - it is the lobbyists that write the laws, and the patent holders have thousands of them in DC. Got one of these 4 months ago. Works perfectly well, as long as you only put a laptop + mouse + mousepad on it. Put the weight (e.g. the laptop) on the support side. Make sure what you put on it does not slip easily, e.g. by putting an anti-slip rubber on it - when it is extended to maximum height, a small bump in the leg area could send stuff gliding otherwise. Also, the wheel locks are far from perfect. Doesn't bother me much, but don't expect the table to be still. The right context is the cold war. For a long time, Israel was the ONLY dependably-US friendly country in the middle east. Almost all the others (Egypt, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Libya, ...) were, in the context of the cold war, soviet outposts. Their army was trained by the soviet union, all their arms supplied by soviet union, and high ranking soviets were roaming all around. The other US-friendly middle east countries like Saudi Arabia did not have a meaningful army or fighting ability, and were unable to make any difference if the cold war ever heated in the middle east (which was not improbable). In that context, US support for Israel was a cheap hedge against soviet domination of middle east - everything else is secondary. Furthermore, that support came (and still does) with strings attached - almost all of it must be spent in the US (and I am sure some of it is/was specifically earmarked, even if it isn't official). So you also get to divert money to your military-industrial pals, get a bunch of right wing and jewish americans feeling good -- and get some investment in an anti-soviet force. Isn't that a good deal? Regardless of whether you agree or disagree with what the US is doing in Iraq, both wars were much helped by Israel's experience fighting the soviet war doctrine (which is what iraqi defense/offense was based on; Israel had experience with it fighting Syria and at an earlier stage, Egypt). Which is PR speak for "we're killing it but not yet confirming". MeeGo is way behind Android with much less to offer, and much less investment. If it's not dead yet, it will be because of this "temporary" hold, which Android (which is just as cheap for manufacturers) continues to make huge leaps. Sadly, Intel would be better off scrapping MeeGo and the Itanium - but for now, they don't officially do either. I shouldn't have lumped Iran with the rest of them, you are right about that -- it is a completely different story. I stand corrected. But I don't think I was overstating when I claimed > Israel was the ONLY dependably-US friendly country in the middle east Look at your own dates: that's 30 years (1948 till 1978) in which Israel was almost the only middle eastern country WITHOUT soviet influence -- and one that's strategically positioned near the Suez canal. We are not in disagreement about the reasons, only about the magnitude. Re: training experience - I've heard differently from people who were involved. "Conventional war" is still not a standard thing, and knowledge of your enemies' doctrine is golden. From what I heard, the whole Iraqi doctrine in '91 (where you put your defense tanks, how you back out when outnumbered, how you plan your battlefield supply chain, how you plan ambushes, etc) was almost exactly the same as Syria's '67, and getting all that info from the Israeli army made life much easier for the US Army. (For all I know, this was self-glorification and/or disinformation from the Israeli side, but it was supported by supposedly knowledgeable US people I inquired with) I once, as a manager, had the most brilliant employee, who did not shower regularly. Others didn't want to work with him. When all development could go through version control, it worked fine; When there was need for interactive team work, it didn't work at all. Depends on how work flows in your organization, I guess. Consider the massive usage of Facebook and Twitter, the lack of outrage over the warrantless wiretapping scandal (running for 10.5 years now), easily available voter records (see e.g. the backstory behind Latanya Sweeney's original identifiability study), and lack of public comments about requiring ISPs to store all session information for a long time - I would say that is strong evidence that USA as a nation does not actually value privacy. edit: wireless wiretapping scandal -> warrantless wiretapping scandal, silly me. doh! I wrote "wireless wiretapping scandal" but I meant "warrantless wiretapping scandal", which is what you are referring to explicitly. edited to note correction; Thanks! > Everything Facebook knows about me is something I or my friends entered (i.e. via tagging). No. If person x is logged into facebook, they (or rather you, as it seems you work for facebook) get an indication of every page person x is browsing that has a "like" button, whether that person presses it or not. Furthermore, even if you're logged out of facebook, there's still a couple of facebook cookies identifying the computer you've logged in from. I'm not sure I would you believe the claim that Facebook is not using any of that info right now, but I'd probably call you an outright fraud if you said that this data is never ever going to be used for anything. Same way for Google, BTW - they've had a better track record of not abusing the data they have, but it is possibly because we haven't heard the gory details yet, and it is not going to stay that way when their profits take a dip if they ever do - they are in it for the money, and that data is worth a lot of money. For those reasons, my firefoxen run ABP, RequestPolicy and/or Ghostery, AND I have multiple users for job / personal / porn browsing (and other measures), and multiple browsers (chromes, firefox versions) for de-panopticlicking. > What bothers me more is that there's a lack of consideration that there are legitimate reasons a certain level of data is collected in order to make the web more social. It isn't for making the web more social. It's for making (e.g.) Facebook more all-knowing, which is a task on the way for more profit. Just like the tobacco industry should be regulated against making cigarettes more addictive, privacy should be regulated -- either by attaching a mouse-over saying "warning: facebook tracks you on every page you visit that has a like button", or by limiting what and how they can collect. The copyright issue is a red herring. Facebook could create an official "data:..." url like button that has the original image instead of linking to their server. It would be better for everyone involved, including facebook's bandwidth and the site's loading speed -- except that facebook would lose their tracking data. (copying and extending myself from another reply in this thread, because it is actually more relevant here:) The copyright issue is a red herring. Facebook could create an official "data:..."-url based "like" button that has the original image instead of linking to their server. It would be better for everyone involved, including facebook's bandwidth and the site's loading speed -- except that facebook would lose their tracking data. The other thing that they would be unable to do would be to change the look of the image (because it would be _in_ the link); but I think it is a good thing that they (or a hacker) can't put a penis on every page that has a like button. Really, the copyright thing is a PR deflection, not the real issue. > OK, fair enough. I meant the stuff I or my friends see. This is so very different from > Everything Facebook knows about me is something I or my friends entered (i.e. via tagging). As to be irrelevant - I don't have a single status update or biographic detail in my facebook account, and I remove tags of me from pictures -- and yet, facebook has a damn good idea of the websites I browsed before installing ghostery. I use outrage as an indicator for the degree of caring (in the sense that "value privacy" means "care about privacy"); is that not an acceptable use? It's a question of cost vs. benefits. I know how Google benefits from Android; I know how Nokia was planning to benefit from Maemo/Meego before Elop happened. I have no idea how Intel is planning to benefit from MeeGo. And talking to one of the MeeGo program guys a few months ago, I'm not sure Intel does either -- it's not keeping anyone an Intel customer, with ARMs eating their lunch on every device other than the extended PC family (laptops, netbooks, desktops, servers) - and of these, the cheaper two are already showing nontrivial signs of ARM presence, through keyboard-docked-tablets like the Iconia and Transformer. I beg to differ. You may tell that to yourself and feel better (and many Americans do), but in the grand scheme of actions-speak-louder-than-words world we live in, there is no evidence for the American respect for privacy. > Does this mean "there is strong evidence that USA as a nation" doesn't value not dying? No, but it does mean that the country does not value a social safety net as much as it values monetary profit for the few at the top of the healthcare insurance industry. > "Don't seek government help, work harder, smile more and make more money" appears to be the answer/advice to those who complain/express outrage. Then you can buy yourself healthcare, privacy or anything you wish. If you believe that, you are naive. Here are some facts for you (you can google them if you want, I don't have time) * 75% of people who file for bankruptcy because of medical expenses (and there are a lot of them) HAVE health care insurance. That doesn't happen in any country with socialized health care. * 40M americans are on food stamps; that is, they seek and receive government help, and unlike other government perks (like extended unemployment), these will never go away because that's what is stopping blood from flowing in the streets. * Senators and Congressmen are, on the average, millionaires (unlike military people). They can afford the healthcare they want. And they want state sponsored health care, for life (as long as they've served two terms); what's not good for the goose is apparently excellent for the gander. * The government takes money from you -- taxes -- essentially at gun point. You might believe it is only on income, but by debasing the currency (which the Fed has been doing very diligently since 2008, and slightly less diligently since 2000, and only just diligently since 1971), they rob the value of money you already have -- and if you hold only anything like gold that retains its value -- why, that's taxed as capital gains; you can't win. * What the government does with this money is -- among other things -- give it to their friends on Wall Street. To the tune of trillions of dollars. You know, I remember in 2004 I was arguing with an American friend about how americans can re-elect Bush, and his reply was "we're not stupid, it's just apathy". I see this apathy as stupidity. And you know what? It's not that it can't be changed. It's just the everyone prefers cheap iPods to actually facing things that matters. In general, that only delays the arrival of the bill - but it is coming. In some of the countries, not all of them (definitely not "for a long time"). But it is retained at the ISPs, with legally mandated security controls, except for government access. It would be better if they were not kept. As far as I know, the only privacy of records the US law cares about is health care records, through the HIPAA act. I've gone between 10 and 30 days without eating several times before. It really is good for you if you are relatively healthy to start with. The first two days are key; You will go crazy if you are unprepared. Remedies for the craziness are drinking lemon water (freshly squeezed lemon in water, possibly with some sweetener but you'll need much less if it is unsweetened), and doing 5-10 minutes of exercise every time you feel the need to eat. Another option is to start when you've lost appetite due to some illness or mild depression - that makes the first two days pass easily. And then something magical happens - you stop caring about food. For a long time. The smells don't matter, the sight doesn't matter. (Although if you force yourself to eat, it will stat mattering again in a few hours). A few days or weeks later, you will feel hunger - and realize it is the first time ever you have felt hunger -- everything you felt before you _thought_ was hunger, was just plain appetite. hunger feels different, and it also cannot be suppressed by reading an interesting article or playing a video game. There are also health benefits, but I highly recommend it just for the psychological experience. > a decent fraction of the population will make a reasonable argument for change That's how it works in theory. In practice, there is one party (Lobbyists) with two representations, Democrats and Republicans. This guarantees that everyone keeps arguing about supposed merits (mostly about things like gay marriage and legal abortions, which make little difference overall, but occasionally also about things that do matter like health care), but little gets done on any argued front, while in the meantime wars and patriot acts happen. I'm sure reasonable arguments can be made for both sides, e.g. on the health care debate. But I've listened and looked for them, and never heard them (on either side). I'm familiar with reasonable arguments on the "for" side for socialized health care. I haven't managed to find a reasonable argument for the "against" side. (By reasonable, I mean based on facts and comparison to other countries who have implemented similar programs ..... e.g. the entire western world except the US). > a majority of the population is violently against it, and while I disagree with most of the arguments, they are neither unreasonable nor apathetic. I remember reading about >50% support FOR one-payer system (the way Canada and the UK run theirs), before the rulers (eh, sorry, "leaders") decided it's not even on the table. I would really like to hear some of these reasonable arguments against. The contempt is from actually living in the US, talking to people daily who believe that they live in a democracy, or that their government is working to benefit them in any way. Possible, but improbable. Google is not resting on their laurels. And there are already excellent mobile search engines like http://www.doat.com/ - and though it is excellent, it hasn't yet made a difference. sparkleshare is much closer to dropbox. Mac and Linux only for now, git back-end. If you haven't yet tried DoAT for the iphone, you should now. It's how a mobile internet search engine should work. The equivalent open source product: SparkleShare. Except it doesn't do Windows yet (but supposedly will soon) I'll wait till it is actually out. You know, .net was supposed to replace Win32 to the point that it was all going to be managed code. At least that was what the Microsoft rep tried to sell to me in 2002. I've recently started a new .net project -- and found that 9 years later, there is still no .Net sound api, if you want to actually control the hardware video decoder you have to use Direct3D (!) from a C++ .dll, because DirectX stuff doesn't properly interop. Even if they get everything done properly for WinRT in 5 years it will be a miracle. Also, Win32 was never the _native_ API; There is a native API - and it looks very similar to Win32, but isn't. I wonder what they mean by "native" here. I thought Python3 sort-of did fix it, by forcing strings to be (abstractly) unicode and force you to explicit convert them to bytes with whichever codec you want (e.g. utf-8) when you need to. What are you missing? Does anyone know if it will have a Sound API? .NET still doesn't. Neither does it have usable Direct{3D,Sound,X} binding. I'm developing an app for surveillance that talks to multiple IP cameras and microphones. We made the unfortunate choice of C# early on. - no normal RTSP support. Ok, I used libav (working hard to wrap it, cause it's a well written C library, but not trivial to use from C#) - I get h264 frames that I need to look at before decoding. No way to give compressed h264 frames to WPF to decode. (So I use libav again). SilverLight actually does have MediaStreamSource -- but this is not a SilverLight app. - Ok, so let's try to use the hardware decoder when it's there. libav supports it, yay! What about WPF? Well, no. You have to use Direct3D (?) to get a surface to draw on. With no way to do this from C# (Interop fails badly according to a DirectShow+Direct3D MVP I consulted). I give up, and use libav's software decoder. - Ok, I have a bitmap, I want to blit it quickly to the screen - WTF? The only way to do it is use a Shared Memory section (interop again) to create a bitmapsource; then update the underlying memory. - Except memory runs out after about 20 seconds (~400 frames) of .Invalidate() calls. WTF? Turns out it's a known bug introduced in v4 (wasn't there in v3.5). No fix yet. Just call GC.Collect() after every invalidate. Yay for "automatic" garbage collection! - Ok, so now we have got a reasonable video. What about sound? Everyone with experience I know says "use NSound" (which is interop again). I opt for interopping with winmm, which I have experience from the C++ side. - Now, to wrap it all together, I need a millisecond-precision timer. Sorry, no go in .net; Winmm's "timeBeginPeriod" to the rescue! but .net's Dispatcher still triggers my code every 15ms. WTF? I would be happier with a 100us timer, which windows doesn't even provide, but I can't get less than 15000us! I'm so sorry we chose .NET; it seems to cater well to CRUD type applications, but it is so inadequate for everything I tried to do with it, that it's not even funny. Google "wasapi c# example", go on, google it. I looked at it, but it didn't appear that libvlc gave me the level of control I needed (frame accurate seeking and reporting, access to framebuffers, stuff that low-level). Perhaps I didn't look closely enough... Thanks for VLC, btw! It's awesome! I don't know, but it just _might_ be time for Microsoft to do jail-style security, in which you can't actually reflect from libraries you have no permission to. And you're comment is exactly why I wouldn't do it in Windows 8 either. There hasn't been a single time when the answer to some deficiency was not "Well, this version of Windows/.NET is cr*p, but the next one is going to be perfect for every need". I didn't choose to go with C# for this project - someone else did. Being the low-level guru, I was called in to fix all the deficiencies. Really, .NET has been out for 10 years now, WPF for 5. There is no excuse for this abysmal level of support, and until I see Win8 actually working properly with sample code that addresses stuff such as I mentioned above, I won't consider it. Yes, they did a proof of concept using the MediaElement, with windows driven playing -- that actually works. And they assumed that fine timing control, different codecs, frame accuracy etc would be available if needed. I agree it's meant for C++ on Windows (if it is meant for Windows at all - the 15ms timer precision thing runs so deep it bites in many places you wouldn't expect). But Microsoft and MS fanboys keep touting that "C# is all you need to get things done" - that has never been the case, and I expect it not to be the case with WinRT either. Probably not. I need frame-by-frame timing control. These APIs don't seem to deliver anything previous APIs didn't - just make it a little easier to use. Might be useful, but I'm not holding my breath. I have to deliver in a couple of months. It is instructive to look 100-200 years back to see what people thought that. A lot of things were pretty spot-on (Jules Vernes description of the fax machine, which he actually named facsimile; Tesla's prediction of the mobile phone). A theme that was commonly wrong was the belief that there would be a big engine in every home, with appliances using its motion/torque for stuff (instead, they became miniature and moved into devices). In the 50s, the same wrong belief was held with respect to computers (you'd have a few big ones, and you'd use their power when needed). And if you asked someone in 1900's New York or London, what's going to be the century's biggest challenge, the answer would be an unequivocal "Getting rid of all the horse shit" The most magical command he didn't mention is 'ssh-copy-id'. If you can log-in to a host with password, you just 'ssh-copy-id myuser@thishost', supply the password once, and from that moment you can ssh with public key authentication. Extreme magic. Also, sshfs works great, but has some issues with memory mapped files that silently lose writes. Luckily (?) most programs don't use mmap to write files, so it's not very noticeable. All in all, ssh is one of the greatest tools. Big O notation, it isn't. The big question is the cost of different types of comparisons. The most important thing to remember is that a crit-bit lookup does O(string-length) "critical" bit lookups, and then an O(string-length) final comparison - for a total of O(string-length). Whereas a hash lookup usually does O(string-length) computation of the hash value, average case O(1) lookups, and then O(string-length) comparison of the key value - for a total of O(string-length). A balanced tree does O(log-n) comparisons, of O(string-length) each (the final one giving the confirmation, which was an independent step for both hash and critbit trees). This is true even on this specific input. It boils down to how the amortized single-character comparison compares to a cache miss. If crit-bit trees leafs are packed in a cache-friendly way (they are constant size, so this might actually be easy to arrange), they are likely to perform at least as well as balanced trees. Unfortunately, what matters is where you want to do your business, rather than where you are incorporated. And the patent supports (like MS) are better at exporting strong IP law than other business can do to use those weak IP laws. The first paragraph is golden, but this: > Also, whatever tech they are licensing could reduce costs for the consumer. (eg. it's cheaper to license tech from MSFT than to re-implement major portions of the linux kernel) Makes no sense. "license" from MS does not reduce the cost of implementation. The cases discussed in the article refer to paying MS to use Linux. There is NO WAY that this reduces costs for the consumer. They did not get anything from Microsoft except the promise not to sue. You could use non blocking TCP, and not worry about where the listening process, and have some idea if there's problem. Now, you're just ignoring the possibility of a problem, which might be fine and dandy, but you're not actually getting anything in return (well, about 5 lines of C code to set up the TCP connection in non-blocking mode, and tear it down if there's an error). The change will not come from being better than Google at their own game (unless they start being incompetent), but rather from winning a different game that Google didn't pay attention to in time. That's how Facebook happened. In the mobile search space, pay attention to DoAT.com - it's mobile search done right, unlike google (or anyone else). If they gain enough traction, they can dethrone google eventually. Or it could just be a passing fad. It's rare to win an established game, like Google did with search (or Microsoft did 20 years ago with word processing and spreadsheets). It's much more common to win at a new game that is being overlooked by the giants. (Some people say the Microsoft takeover of the office space is "a different game" because no one took "office suites" seriously except them; However, Word really was better than WordPerfect and friends at the time; and Excel really was better than 1-2-3, and people were switching one-package-at-a-time. So I think this should be considered winning an established game) But Flash often crashes way worse than that; it segfaults, or raises a structured exception. It used to take browser processes with it, before Chrome made it popular to have plugins in their own process. I suspect Flash's (lack of) stability was one of the reasons for considering this design decision in Chrome. > No PC OEM has a rational fear of MS doing bad by them, regardless of lock-in. Firstly, MS has no good reason to do that since it would just put the retail price of the PCs too high to sell well, and MS is a volume business and knows it. Microsoft already prices it differently for different OEMs. They are already in mortal fear than Microsoft will change it, even without the technology to enforce it. Can't find a link now, but in one of the big computer trade shows, in the morning Asus said they'll be promoting linux on the recent 9" eee. Afternoon, they apologized and said they will only promote Windows, and will in fact redesign it to better fit windows. The difference was apparently made by a call from Microsoft that threatened their volume licensing deal. > MS would find itself in a fecal-tornado of bad press and government action that it would surely not enjoy. The government works for Microsoft. MS had some fear of antitrust back in the late 90s, but they've since become one of the largest lobbyists, buying politicians on both sides. They are not touchable by antitrust or any other government action in the foreseeable future. There's actually a very small difference. They both result from signing an agreement between said parties, and basically provide the same benefits to both parties (given that most people won't install an operating system themselves). Except one leaves a choice to the end user, and the other doesn't. > Wouldn't this draw anti-trust battles? Since complying with EFI signing is against the license of one of the only other major alternatives to Windows, this would not bode well for Microsoft. And who do you expect to pursue this anti-trust? The US government? Oh, I didn't realize you were joking! ha ha, funny. The US government is owned by big corps, MS being one of them. Something really weird has to happen for them to turn against their corporate masters. (And don't compare it to the previous anti-trust case - at the time, microsoft wasn't lobbying and paying, sorry, donating to, politicians from both parties) > Apple didn't choose Clang over GCC for political reasons, a lot of Clang devs are actually on the Apple payroll.. and Clang is just a far superior compiler to GCC architecture-wise -- it just needs a few more years to catch up to full C++11 support. Do you have any insider knowledge of this? Because the prevailing wisdom around the net is that Apple didn't like to be dependent on a GPL3'd product (which gcc became at some point), so they propped up the only viable alternative at the time, which was LLVM. > Traditionally I don't think the license has stopped Apple from contributing a lot back to the OSS community (just look at WebKit). GPL3 makes a world of difference (KHTML/WebKit is GPL2 if I'm not mistaken); e.g., it may interfere with Apple's executable signing policy > Have you heard of any such projects being launched with GCC? Not as many as LLVM, but ... GCCXML, GCC Go frontend, GCC D frontend. Things still happen in GCC world. Even in C++, C# and Java this choice makes no sense. In both C++ and C# it leads to ambiguous constructs and parsers beyond the realm of yacc & friends. The Java syntax was carefully designed to avoid those ambiguities, but still... Simply using [] or {} for template arguments would have been way, way better for everyone. Can you explain how CPS solves the growable stack problem? I haven't heard of this before. but how is that related to CPS? (or closures for that matter?) If you're allocating the stack frame on the heap, you can just replace the prologue (e.g. x86 intel syntax, cdecl calling convention) sub esp, LOCAL_SPACE_NEEDED with push LOCAL_SPACE_NEEDED push ARG_SIZE_TO_COPY call allocate_frame (where allocate_frame allocates enough space for storing link to previous stack frame, all args and all locals; then, it copies all arguments, return address and stack pointer, switches stacks to the new stacks and returns from the call) You can modify the return to call "deallocate_frame" (which would switch stacks back before returning), or you can just make sure the return address on the new stack points to "deallocate_frame_and_return", and use a regular return in place. [Actually, come to think of it, it's an excellent idea for a stack protection system that can be turned off for speed - the call to "allocate_frame" could be configured at runtime to patch its caller to just do "sub esp, LOCAL_SPACE_NEEDED" for maximum speed. Or it could just check stack overflow; or it could allocate frames on heap for better memory use; and it could mprotect/virtualprotect the edges of this frame for protection] I know what CPS is. But Dan states that "CPS is more efficient than growable stacks", and I can't see how CPS plays a nontrivial part in the stack size optimization. And where exactly are those closures allocated? And yet, buzz and wave had dismal uptake, whereas G+ appears to be very successful by any metric. Also, how does "fair" play into anything? This protection is NOT about the value of the social graph. And neither is Facebook, BTW - that turned out to be a gambit to get where they are. And where they are is that they know everything about you (biographical info, hobbies, affiliations, marital status, number of kids, sexual preferences, web sites you visit and when), independently of who you know. Right now, fb are only (?) using it to target ads at you, but you can be sure that all three letter agencies are cc:ed on every database update It's about not letting Facebook track your every move on the web and beyond (or, more accurately, not let every site snitch on you to facebook). > > > So the stack frames aren't allocated on the heap. > > So where exactly are the closures allocated ? > They would be allocated on the heap You're playing a weird game of semantics here. closures and stack frames are the same thing in this case. The fact that the "call stack" is implemented via a register called "the stack register" and uses a LIFO move-the-mark allocation scheme is an irrelevant implementation detail. Your assertion that CPS conversion is somehow more efficient than growable stacks is not supported by any of the arguments you presented. Never heard of that rule. Perhaps you are confusing with trademarks, which you must defend? Or you are confused about the damages - you can't collect damages on anything that happened before you told the victim "you are infringing, now stop or pay me $XXX". But you definitely can collect from that point on (triple damages, if willful infringement is established) And yet, Mike Pall singlehandedly wrote LuaJit2 which is, by far, the best ever compiler for a dynamic language. None other comes close at this time. What's the difference between "sharpening" and "reconstruction"? Both take an input image, apply some filter which is the best estimate of an inverse of a filter originally applied (e.g., wrong focus). The technique to unsteady hands artifacts often has access to motion data, which this thing does not. Well, space, air conditioning electricity and redundancy comparable to what Amazon offers would add a few thousands per month (I guess $2000-$5000, depending on where you are). Still, way cheaper than Amazon, but there are nontrivial running costs beyond the purchase and build price. You (and Ola ...) really should take a look at the APL / J / K family. All are 10-100x times more expressive than Ruby/Python, and 100x-1000x times more expressive than C and Java. They are all quite fast, with K being super-blazing-fast. I can't do these languages justice in a comment -- but have a look at https://github.com/kevinlawler/kona/wiki/Idioms and https://github.com/kevinlawler/kona/wiki - you are in for a shock about how unexpressive everything you've used so far is (and you don't have to give up speed to get that) APL/K's expressiveness does not come from making every operation a single character (although they do work together nicely). It comes from selecting a good set of primitive elements and their rules of interaction. It turns out (for K) that ~40 primitives are sufficient to cover what you need, and it is therefore possibly to assign these to single ascii characters (20 unary, 20 binary; e.g. "x y" is multiplication, but " x" is "first element of x". Most languages overload unary/binary on the same symbol). Take, for example, the "maximum substring sum" problem (see link in the K idioms above). Using K syntax, it's |/0(0|+)\ Using Q syntax (K with words instead of characters), it becomes max over 0 (0 max +) scan Three times longer, hardly using any non-alphabet characters. Just as unreadable to the uninitiated, and still 10 times shorter than a comparable Python or ruby implementation. Once you do get used to thinking in APLish or Kish, then the first version to the second version is like "a+b*c-d" to "a added to b times c and then d is subtracted". I know which one I prefer. Short isn't equal to expressive, but your comment is irrelevant to APL or K. > But aren't these just domain-specific languages? No. Why would you think that? > Can you write a web server or a source control system in APL/J/K? Yes. I'm not aware of a source control system written in any of them, but K's standard web server is implemented in K; there are several databases written in each of them - flipdb in APL, kdb+ in K, JDB in J. There are compilers written in each. There are raytracers, spreadsheets and sudoku solvers. http://nsl.com/ contains a lot of K examples, some of them annotated. jsoftware.com is your source for J examples. I had a 15" 4x3 1600x1200 CRT screen that was perfectly sharp in 1997. And on my desktop I still have an 15" 1280x1024 LCD one from 2004; I think that in 2005, I wasn't able to get a 15" one anymore, and had to get a 17". And these days, even 17" ones with 1024 or 1080 lines are not that popular. My friend had a Sony laptop with 1900x1440 14" display, which was a little pricey for me at the time, so I didn't get it. But it was definitely not the only one available. These resolutions are even less common today. Or, in the words of kids today, WTF? > I'd wager parallel arrays are slower because the components of a "struct" don't have spatial locality in memory How much would you wager? I'm willing to take your money :) > Of course, this isn't an issue if you're primarily passing the flyweight objects around and not accessing all the fields. If you examine codebases, you see that this is actually the prevalent use case for objects in general. It turns out that in practice, parallel arrays are often significantly faster, because more often than not you _do_ access a lot of (memory consecutive) records, and you _don't_ access all the fields. Assume e.g. your structure has student names and numeric grades. For display purposes, you are likely to read both name and grade. However, for just about every other purpose, you are likely to scan/process grades without ever looking at the name (e.g., to compute grade statistics; or to sort by grade). And in this case, you actually have much _better_ cache locality than you would have otherwise -- and also much better memory usage compared to individual allocation of objects. Furthermore, if you take this approach, you find that your functions become type-concrete but use-generic, reducing your code footprint (both LOC and I-cache), because e.g. instead of "calcAverageGrade(student[] x)", you can just use a routine called "calcAverage(float[] x)", and call it ont he grade vector. APL, J and K take this approach to its logical conclusion. The result is programs that are 10-1000 times shorter than the idiomatically comparable Python, Java, C#, C++ etc., and that have runtimes the compare favorably with C and C++. ... and everything old is new again. The solution, which (unsurprisingly, works!) is how you did stuff in Fortran-77, APL (circa 1958). There were no iterators, so all you did was pass around one big array that contained all the data, and indices into it. In a couple of years, they will realize that even structs are inefficient, and will go to parallel arrays - at which case the transition to Fortran/APL/J/K would be complete. O(L/M) times as many trips, where L is the divided by . With 64 byte cache lines and 8 byte fields, this is at most 8, even if you have 200 fields in your object. In my experience, when I was still doubting this myself, I was unable to ever measure more than 20% slowdown on the least favorable (for columnar storage) workload, and I was able to measure about 200% speedup on a favorable workload. Note that even if they do pass around a list of indices, accesses are often (in practice) batched - because records that arrived together tend to be needed together. And the indices are often sorted (because of how they were generated, or because they are easy to sort) which then produces a very predictable access pattern for memory and disk. We can theorize about probable and improbable access patterns until tomorrow. My experience, and everyone that used column-major order that I'm aware of, is that in practice it almost always wins against row-major ("common") ordering, whether on disk or in memory. The fastest databases around (kdb+, vertica) use column major order. That should tell you something (about disk, but also about memory) > Sorry, I'm really confused. Is this supposed to be "O(M/L)"? No. As soon as you need to read more than , it no longer matters that that the the fields are near each other. So, e.g., if your record is 128 bytes but your cache line is 32 bytes, you have 4 cache misses per record. If you use only 4 fields from the record, you have 4 cache misses per record -- so, we're on parity. As M increases beyond the cache line size, the advantage (compared to column major) no longer increases. So it is at most a constant in practice. > The big thing is that their access patterns are rarely random. That's true for almost all programs, almost all of the time, actually -- which is why I was willing to be the other side of your original wager. > They aren't so fast if you need to find a specific entry. For maximum speed there, you need a dedicated index, and then it doesn't really matter whether the data is stored row-major or column-major. And again, that's true for many workloads as well. The main advantage of row-major is simpler appending; if you write a lot and read little, row-major is faster; this is usually the case for e.g. audit logs. In most typical cases, column major is equal or better. > Why would you have 4 cache misses for a 128-byte record? I wrote earlier "if your cache line is 32 bytes". If you need all the fields - you will have 4 cache misses. If you need only some of the fields, and they all fall into 1 cache line, then -- as you said, you will only have one cache miss. My point (poorly worded, upon rereading, but I didn't have much time, dayjob and all...) was that the potential advantage of record-major does NOT increase beyond what is packed into one cache line -- so it is a small constant, rather than deserving of O() notation. > I didn't make the original wager. :) Ah, apologies. (But maybe you'd still let me take your money? :) ) No, unfortunately. I'm close to 40, dinosaurish by HN/Reddit standards, but I learned Fortran mostly because back in the late 80s and early 90s essentially all numeric processing code was written either in Assembly or Fortran; and at a later stage, because I was the only one proficient in Fortran, I inherited lots of legacy code at work. Most people my age, even if they've been programming since age 9, haven't seen any Fortran unless they're doing physics or using LAPACK. Get a Clue: http://cluecc.sourceforge.net/ Decent timing from LuaJIT1 when it was generating "dirty" Lua bytecode. I have no specific knowledge of the Swedish justice system. But any system can be swayed, and from 3000 miles away, the Swedish system doesn't look really resilient: e.g. http://www.zeropaid.com/news/9622/swedish_prosecutor_wont_in... , and both the Pirate Bay trial and the Assange case look like a charade. If you believe that there's such a thing as an independent, only-cares-about-the-law-and-not-about-any-ties-and-pressure justice system out there, there's a bridge near my house that I can offer to sell you. Things aren't (much) different now than they have always been - there's law for the common people; there's law for the influential people; and when you upset the _really_ influential people, the law will be rewritten against you, retroactively. > In my personal experience, international government conspiracies are pretty rare and so a more mundane explanation is more likely to be correct. That's a really funny quote. I'm tempted to downvote you for being so ridiculous (but I've upvoted instead, so others have a better chance to see it). I'll apologize, if you elaborate on how your personal experience might be relevant (though, the only good explanation I can think of is that you are some omniscient being who has good knowledge of conspiracy theories and whether or not they are based on fact; good enough knowledge to derive statistics, at least). There are two opposing schools: One (your?) school says readability is promoted by having as much visible structure as possible . The other (mine!) says readability is promoted by having as much visible context at the same time, as long as the structure is apparent. so instead of if (test1) { do_something1(); } else { do_something2(); } I write if (test1) do_something1(); else do_something2(); 4 times as much context on in the same space. Similarly, where (I assume) you'd write: if (a == 1) { c = "hello"; } else if (b == 2) { c = "goodbye"; } else { c = "..."; } I write: c = a==1? "hello": b==2? "goodbye": "..."; or even as a one liner: c = a==1? "hello": b==2? "goodbye": "..."; Even if you are not used to this style, I don't think you can claim it is unreadable. Just different. You might have a point, but your arguments are inconsistent with each other; You say > IMO, if you need to worry about how many lines of code fit on your screen, it's probably time to refactor (or upgrade from a netbook). But also: > Block separation is very clear, and each brace is matched by an equal. Block separation is equally clear in the first example (same column means same block), and if your IDE can't show you matches if you're lost, it's time to upgrade from ed or edlin. Also, > I might be crazy though, because I write "int* foo" instead of "int \foo" [edit: \ should be asterisk. can't make it show one, though] You are indeed crazy, or at least misguided and confusing. because int* a, b; implies a and b or both of type "int* ", but actually, a is of type "int* " and b is of type "int". The second form is visually consistent, because: int *a, b; Says "*a" is of type "int", and also "b" is of type "int". > Gates foresaw that by licensing the OS and allowing it to run on any IBM PC compatible computer it would commodify HW. That was happening before gates -- MS-DOS 1.0, renamed from QDOS (Quick and Dirty Operating System) was a clone of CP/M, an O/S that had already been available for essentially every hardware capable 8080 or Z80 based system at the time. MS-DOS was just a clone for 8088/8086 based systems. The fact that 8088/8086 became the dominant PC architecture (rather than e.g. 68K) has a lot to do with IBM's lack of innovation (they just needed to counter apple's rise, so they built something which was very close to an intel reference design -- making clones easy and mostly legal). To a lesser extent, this was also happening with Unix. Digital Research licensed CP/M to everyone; CP/M machines were more varied in hardware than PCs of the time, but CP/M software _was_ portable. This was already in progress, and Digital Research was already working on CPM86, just too slow and not business savvy. Had microsoft not snatched the IBM deal, PC prices would have probably looked the same, perhaps one or two years delayed. I have personally witnessed Microsoft bullying in 1990 in a project I was involved with. BeOS (and other alternative PC operating systems) died mostly because of Microsoft bullying. That's a big part of Gates' legacy, and probably will be for a long time to come. The IBM PC spec was included with the IBM PC (or sold for $100 or so). Schematics, BIOS source code, everything. IBM was meticulously documenting everything, and that was actually common and expected at the time (e.g. I had the same info about my ZX Spectrum; I remember the same info was available for the Apple][ and C-64 at the time). A defining moment was when the "clean room" approach to implementing a BIOS was certified non infringing by courts. Clones were available (as in, 5 years or so) before that moment, but the BIOSes had a cloud of copyright uncertainty. "Predatory practices" or whatever you want to call bundling stuff with the operating system - is not against the law. UNLESS you are using a monopoly you have in one field, to further a monopoly in another. Which is what Microsoft were doing (as decided by courts). Lookup "antitrust" and "sherman act" for the US legislature, but similar laws exist in all western countries. Apple never had such a monopoly position. Some "smart" people claim that apple has 100% monopoly on selling Apple products, and should thus be subject to similar antitrust provisions. Apple now has ~10% market share of personal computers. Microsoft at the time had >90% market share. That's why they they were regulated. Not just because they were anticompetitive. Microsoft did the same with software. It's called "Embrace & Extend". Of the available evils at the time, the Amiga was ridiculously better thought out and implemented. The PC hardware of 1995 was still quite far behind the Amiga hardware of 1985 (which had 14 bit stereo DMA sound or 4 channel 8 bit DMA sound, 2D hardware acceleration and sprites, and more). The PC operating system of 1995 was starting to equal the Amiga operating system of 1985 (Win95 had separate memory space, which was better than AmigaOS 1.0's shared space -- but otherwise, Win95 was mostly inferior) I'd wait 1-2 years for cheaper standards. I'd rather pay a little more for getting to the future 10 years in advance. > I also played with a Z80 computer - those things were useless. Context is everything. CP/M was already useful in 1973. MSDOS made an appearance in 1981. Which word processor could you run on the PC in 1979? (Yes, that's a trick question ...) > What made the PC shine was the constant innovation coming from Intel - they didn't stop at 8086. No. The only thing that made the PC shine is the cheap IBM clones of the time. Motorola's 68K (in 1978) was years ahead of the 8086 (introduced in 1978) -- and it also cost 20 times as much. The same vintage 1978 68K was still years ahead of Intel's 80286. And then Intel almost killed themselves with the 432, which was not backwards compatible and had miserable performance. Intel returned to usefulness with the 386, that was comparable to the 68030 (same time, and price comparable as well) The 486 was to the 68040. But at that point, the world was unfortunately owned by the PC and x86 architecture. If you ever programmed for the 68K, and then looked at the mess that is the x86 32-bit architecture, the only possible response is WTF!?!? Apple was the last-chance for BeOS. They were actually gaining ground with PC channels, until Microsoft declared that anyone selling a non-pure-windows system (including dual boots that default to windows) will lose their discount on the Windows OEM license. Guess how many PCs were sold with BeOS after that happened? At that point, it was Apple or bust. And then it was bust. Your details are correct. And yet ... That Soundblaster was capable of 8-bit stereo; if you wanted to do anything non trivial like changing the sample rate, or mix more than one channel, that cost you a significant amount of CPU -- and most probably, you couldn't get more than 8 bit no matter what. The amiga had 14 bits (8 bit digital + 6 bit analog scaler, on each of 2 channels per side) in 1985, with hardware mixing. You wanted a mouse cursor? that was zero cost in 1985's Amiga, thanks to hardware sprites; it was hell to get right on the PC (and while Windows mostly solved that if your app ran on Windows, WHICH WAS NOT A GIVEN in 1995, many apps still had cursor bugs, even in Windows). Yes, the 1985 68k was slower than the 1995 486. But 2D hardware acceleration made up for a lot of it -- the Amiga 1985 GUI was more responsive than the 1995 Win95 GUI (that's hard to appreciate on emulators today -- you had to use it to believe it). And finally, multitasking with 512K ram on the Amiga 1000 on AmigaOS 1.0 actually worked properly - way better than Win 3.11 (which was what you had on the PC until 1995), and mostly on par with Win95, even though the latter had MMU separation to help (which 68k did not in 1985, but 68020/AmigaOS 3 did in 1995, IIRC). Really, look at Amiga games like Shadow of the Beast (1989), Sword of Sodan (1988), The Great Gianna Sisters (1989), and compare it to PC games of 1995. The Amiga hardware of 1985 was better than the PC hardware of 1995 in every way except raw CPU power. > Then 256 colours makes up for some of the things you'd use the copper for; the rest, the CPU power will sort out. A byte-per-pixel framebuffer memory layout makes easy what would be a thorough pain on the Amiga That's simply not true. Take e.g. Doom II from your list; In order to have double buffering (required for smooth screen update), it had to use http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mode_X which is .. a planar mode even if it is 1-byte per pixel (in a slightly nicer way than the Amiga's planar mode; but switching planes cost an arm and a leg in I/O communication, so to actually work efficiently with it, it was as bad as the Amiga's planar mode). > If you have raw CPU power, that fixes everything. You don't need a blitter, and you don't need sprites, and you don't need playfields, and you can do your sound mixing on the CPU. I remember one (1) reasonable multi-level parallax scrolling game for the PC with reasonable performance, but not its name. (I remember it well, because I spent a few afternoons with a debugger trying to figure out how the f*ck they managed). CPU was NOT enough to not need all of these. Almost all the games you mentioned have a 3D point of view (those that I'm familiar with, anyway) - for which the Amiga's '85 2D acceleration wasn't helpful, of course. But the 2D games of the PC, especially scrollers, were inferior. Non of them, as far as I can tell, had 3d sound or multi channel stereo mixing in 1995 -- PC mod players back then were struggling to go below 30% CPU (I know, I wrote one of the fastest ones), and no game could afford them. I released a sideways scroller for the PC in '94, that achieved constant 60fps (with not a lot of CPU to spare) on the 486DX of the time, and a respectable 30fps on the 386 that were still super common. To get that, I needed to use ModeX, used Adlib for music so I can use DMA sample playing for the effects (also, pure adlib was _still_ common enough to warrant support if you didn't have a soundblaster). It needed an awful lot of tricks to get reasonable performance; The graphics engine was all assembly, and some of the game logic too. And I needed continuously recalibrating the int8 timer to get interrupts at the vertical retrace so that everything worked properly without wasting CPU. I never got to do an Amiga version, but it would have been 100 times simpler. And would have worked equally well on an 1985 Amiga 1000. Stalemate? Two years ago, flash was the only game in town; Good HTML5 implementations were no where to be found, and Silverlight adoption was a joke. It's not like you could HTML5 an equivalent to flash on an iPhone OS 3. I agree that things started changing rapidly two years ago, with the introduction of iOS 4. But there was never a stalemate -- Flash was king; then there was chaos; and now HTML5 is winning (for the time being, though not for long, Flash is still among the royalty). Silverlight had always been a wannabe. > Every time they try some new law, tech works around it. > Can't stop the signal. No, they can't. But they can make life worse for the vast majority of the population, possibly with a minor profit, at little or no cost to them. So they do. Your choice of words was unfortunate, then - "stalemate" implies a tie with no possible move for any player. In 2003, there was Ajax rich (you could do some nontrivial client side processing -- like hide and show elements), and there was Flash rich (antialiased polygons, sound). I was talking about the latter, and so do most people that consider HTML5 a worthy flash replacement (even though e.g. you still have to use Flash for proper sound support). However, many services won't let you make full use of it; e.g. last year when I tried to get multicast between my EC2 nodes, it discovered it was unsupported. If you're only using ZeroMQ in tcp or inproc mode, it is nice, but in a pub/sub scenario you are wasting a lot of bandwidth and CPU time. Lua is imilar to JavaScript in that respect, and LuaJIT2 has effectively solved this problem for Lua. Code that's perfectly dynamic is almost on par with C, with variables switching type from int to double to string as needed. With essentially no restrictions on what you use. JavaScript is more braindamaged in its dynamicness, so it's harder to write something like LuaJIT2 for JavaScript -- but it's not impossible. > If you find that micro-optimization greatly increases your performance, you probably shouldn't be using hadoop anyway... It's all a matter of what you optimize for. In a recent project, a C++ version, using memory mapped files with a fixed-length record, was about 20 times faster than the hadoop version, and that's just the CPU. The C++ version had: no deserializing needed, everything random access, multiple runs on same data had NO I/O requirements (mmap was cached between runs). It was about as hard to write. So, instead of running a 100-core strong Hadoop install (which is small, but far from trivial), I was able to do with one hefty 8-core machine. Scaling up is "easier" with Hadoop, in the sense that you can just throw money at it and get more EC@/rackspace nodes when needed. But it is a lot of money. Hadoop makes sense if you've got lots of money to waste, and actually need thousands of cores (cause you'll only need a few tens if you effectively use your hardware). While that is what Hadoop is about, and it is successful at it, it is very far from being efficient; In my experience, you pay 10x compared to good use of the same hardware. "obscene IO bandwidth" is right, but at 10% of the practical maximum. This is a tradeoff that people in computing have been happily taking for years -- e.g. using a higher level language is a similar kind of tradeoff (use Python instead of C - pay x10 in performance, get x10 shorter development time). But this tradeoff only makes sense if the x10 thing you get is cheaper than the x10 thing you pay for. With hadoop, you pay x10 for hardware/computing time and more for administration (unless you have some kind of EC2 elastic mapreduce, at which point you pay x20 for hardware/computing but no administration cost), and you save some development time. Two hadoop projects I was consulting on (or rather, consulting _off_ hadoop) were paying ~$10K/month each to Amazon for a while, when For real portability, how about an SD system thumb drive I can plug into any computer, and it boots as my computer. Linux distributions have been doing this very successfully for the past 9 years (knoppix paved the way, but almost every linux distribution today can run live from a CD/SD/DiskOnKey, and store your data on an SD/DiskOnKey (the same one, if properly partitioned). And it's unlikely a hotel or your student lab would actually let you reboot into your own distribution; once you have control of the hardware (which you must have), you practically own it from that moment. CherryPy is actually a much better solution than yours: Your lab, and your hotel room, is likely to have a screen that can take VGA or HDMI input - so you've got a display; You can get foldable silicon keyboards for $10 or so, and a small travel mouse for $10 more. So, for $45, you have something you can _already_ use at your lab or hotel room , with no one having to fear you're putting viruses on their system. Actually ... Roku has something with similar specs for $50 retail (which means they sell it to retailers at $30 at most). And Apple has something called "AppleTV", which has a little more hardware on it (wifi, power supply, ir remote receiver + remote, 8GB of flash), and sells for $90. I've read all of Joe's comments in this thread, and I'm not really surprised. He is either a troll (and not a very successful one if he is), or, more likely, a bigot who believes that the any software worth running costs >$100 (office, photoshop). Unfortunately, he represents a non-negligible majority of users out there. But I care not discussing anything with him and his like on HN. I've got better use for my time. > it's also easy to assume someone is incompetent just because they were working from different constraints and experiences than you, and the way they did things just isn't immediately apparent. I don't know if it's common, but I tend to judge competence by the bottom line: does it work? is it supportable? what was the cost of getting there? If it doesn't work, or does work but cannot be supported/modified, and cost a lot, it is a product of incompetence. Possibly the manager's, and not the tech guys. I've never heard anyone refer to djb as incompetent. Some people dislike his coding style, but I haven't heard any criticism about it that is not about style. And yet, he's working with different constraints and experiences than everyone else. And things are often not immediately apparent. That's very naive. It would be that someone's staffer who broke the law, that staffer having the good faith belief, and the representative would have good faith belief in his staffer. By the transitive property of good faith belief among people in politics, that would make them all clean. However, when your 8 year old daughter who shared an Miley Bieber mp3 had good faith belief she was ok because everyone is doing -- that is untrustworthy, and the fact that you have good faith belief in her intentions does not clear you of anything. You'll go to jail or pay a hefty sum. That's how laws really work. Not the way they common knowledge assumes. I'm not a satirist, and this is not TV, but: congressman: Good day, sheeple. With prompting by the content industry, we are considering beheading everyone, because it has been shown that everyone sometimes plays back a tune in their head without paying royalties. We've tried to get you to admit and pay every time you do that, but that didn't work, and we have to do something -- it seems only beheading would solve the problem. (people frantically writing letters) congressman: Seems, from everyone's responses, we've gone too far. We've asked our content industry overlords, and they will apparently be ok if we only cut everyone's ears to start with, so that no infringing content can get into people's heads. But if that doesn't work well for music, we're not just going to take your eyes out to avoid infringing on videos -- we'll have to do the full beheading thing then. (people sighing with relief) Well, that's a reasonable measure. -- At least, that's my impression of the effectiveness of writing these letters. Congress just keeps introducing horrible bills, and the people have to win every time (which they hardly ever do), because every one of these bills includes the cumulative effect of the previously failed-to-pass bills. EDIT: prompted->prompting, out->eyes If the principles behind SOPA were applied to other things, - police would close gardening shops if someone says they saw a client bought anything that was later used to grow pot - pharmacies would be shut down by the police for selling syringes if someone says one of these was used for drugs - gun producers would be shut down for selling guns if one of them was said to have been used to commit a crime. And if you think "well, in theory, but of course it isn't going to be used like that" - well, it definitely IS going to be used like that. DMCA is being used like that (and part of the reasons SOPA is being introduced is because DMCA has some fairness provisions that make it harder to abuse , even though it is very easy to use ). Also, PATRIOT act was for terrorists, and wouldn't be used for anything else, right? That's why 99% of the times it was used have nothing to do with terrorism. SOPA is designed to be abused the way those people cry about. Make no mistake. And you'll suffer its consequences like the rest of wolf criers, even if you wouldn't know it. That's how it is supposed to work, but it never does if you are politically wealthy and well connected, and rarely does if you're a nobody. Unfortunately for Swartz, he is neither - on the contrary, he's been constantly and loudly criticizing the government, so he gets the "by the book" treatment to its worst possible conclusion. Another example: RIAA - it does exactly what its member companies want, but they get to distance themselves. Similarly, the MPAA. Tsachy's an excellent researcher and an excellent teacher. A long time ago in a universe far away, we used to sit together taking classes (perhaps even Information Theory was one of them - I don't really remember) I haven't seen him teach in 13 or 14 years now, but I'm sure he only got better at it, and highly recommend taking this course if you are interested in Information Theory. (come back and downvote me in 4 months if you disagree) I'm not sure how locals() or code objects makes Python much more dynamic than JS -- even on it's own, but especially since it very rarely appears in idiomatic python code. Nothing in Python comes close to the dynamic mess that is JavaScript's "with" (bindings in Python are lexical; "with" makes bindings in JavaScript dynamic!) Even if you were right, you could still make code that doesn't use these features fast, and slow back to interpreted if any of these features is used -- that's what JS JITs do when they see "with". And finally, Lua is as dynamic as Python (both of which are, in my opinion, less dynamic than JS thanks to lexical binding). And Lua has been made significantly faster than any Python or JS implementation (Mike Pall's LuaJIT2) TinyCC does this (was supposedly similar slowdown) " rel="nofollow">http://bellard.org/tcc/tcc-doc.html#SEC21> ; - but it's C only. Still, one of the coolest projects around. Let me paraphrase you: Knowing how to multiply two 3 digit numbers is boring. The method has been known for thousands of years, and you've got calculators that can do it for you. So why should one learn how to do that? The answer is that it gives you intuition about how these things behave, even if you always use a calculator to come up with the correct result. And mental back-of-the-envelope calculation is unbelievably useful in every day life; if you can't do it, I can guarantee that you're either making worse decisions for it, or wasting a lot of time optimizing your every purchase by typing it on a calculator. Similarly, you need to practice proving and reading proofs so you actually have the right intuition about what constitutes "proof". Unfortunately, all of western culture, and american culture in particular, is so far divorced from the concept of sound logic, that it is very likely that most people don't even realize they are missing something. It's not any of the specific proofs that matter. It's the exercise. You go to the gym to exercise your muscle; You do proofs to exercise your logic. On the contrary. Taking your analogy further: In economy, you find out that whenever "Gentleman Jim" bets, he tends to win 70% of the time, rather than the 49% everyone else gets. Now, depending on policy, you either: a) forbid jim to play b) readjust jim's token-to-money conversion ratio so he is on par with other players c) invest your money with jim Note, though, that this being a zero sum game, anything other than (a) will bankrupt the house.... > Microsoft has made a good gesture When on the other hand they are poisoning the Android/Linux ecosystem with FUD, patent extortion and the like. While I would prefer the discussion to stay civil and technical, Microsoft is consistently earning every snark they are receiving, and then some. > These discussions become a lot more valuable when we stop characterizing any organization, especially one as complex as a large corporation, as universally 'good' or 'bad'. That is true. But it is also foolish to ignore over 20 years of Microsoft's strategy, the mostly successful "embrace, extend and extinguish". This patch is purely out of self interest: people might install a unix server if they want Redis and can't have it on Windows. There is no "good will" (and no "bad will"). If it harms performance on linux? Well, they are likely not to care at this point, or at least one second after the patch is accepted. Microsoft has a history of co-operating with the rest of the world only when they are at a disadvantage, and ignoring standards and conventions when they have the advantage. Excuse me if I'm not enthusiastic about a patch they send to a project I like. Could you help me imagine how Redis can be used inside devices, or as a component in 'end-user' business business software? (unless it employs a "server"). Redis does one small thing and does it amazingly well -- an in-memory database with persistence and some very useful operations (such as FIFO lists) that do not need roundtrips. That does not make sense inside a device unless you have ridiculous amounts of RAM to spare (which has never been the case in my experience). Similarly, it makes very little sense in an "end-user" business software, unless there are _multiple_ processes needing access to the same in-memory data. And that (to me) means a "server" is going to appear sooner or later. Really, unless you run it on a "server", then sqlite with properly set cache parameters is almost surely a better choice, and works on Win32 since 2002 or so. Where it makes sense to deploy Redis, looks to me like antirez is right and Unix has won. And even though Redis likely works on iOS and Android out of the box, it makes no sense to do so, at least not at this point. It's been my experience recently that there are a lot more downvotes, some of them seemingly random; I hope we haven't enter redditesque territory, where people downvote everything except their own post, giving themselves an effective initial +2 score. For the record, I've +1 your original comment, even though I disagree with it: SQLite is awesome, really really awesome. It is also not a good example -- part of the reason Redis works so well is that it capitalizes on Unix process management (in a way that was apparently intended when Unix process management was evolved, but has for some reason been unpopular and long forgotten). SQLite was never in that position. > If it were a valid argument, then why port any software to work under win32 at all? That is a great philosophical question, and different people will have different answers, all valid; however: > "Installing Linux boxes to run Redis", I can't help but feel he's being a bit narrow-minded. .. > Why not just tell Linux users to get a Windows box if they want to run that software? This is not a symmetric win32 linux case. If you're a win user, and you need Redis, you can run it today, for free, starting 10 minutes from now (30 if you've never done this before and need to download stuff): download oracle virtualbox; download ubuntu server install, install inside virtualbox inside ubuntu, sudo apt-get install redis-server And really, that's all there is to it; if you are an experienced windows developer with no Linux experience whatsoever, this will take you all of 30 minutes (25 of which just waiting for downloads). It actually performs quite well; not as well as running directly on iron, but probably not more than 10% slower than a native port that does everything right (The current native ports are 100000% slower during syncing to disk) If you're a linux user and you want to run a windows-only server, that costs your $100 or so for a retail win7 license, a few hours of downloading and 20-30 minutes of active setup last time I did that. Want to fire that up on 3 developer machines? That would be $200 more, thank you. Reconfigured your virtual box more than 5 times? You have to talk to Microsoft before you can proceed. So, really, what he offers IS a viable solution for windows developers. Really. Try it before you consider it "narrow minded". You might find the narrow mindedness was not where you expected. > In fact, lots of software starts out as Windows software and is ported to Linux. The few I am aware of are picasa and 7zip, of which I only ever use the latter. Do you have more examples? It's actually significantly harder to port Windows programs to Linux than the other way around, because the Win32 API has about 100 times more functions, and the standard practice (cheerfully supported and encouraged by Microsoft) is to use all of them. There's this thing called "Sarcasm". Unfortunately, the grandparent forgot that Sarcasm Does Not Work On The Net (old timers would recognize the SDNWOTN acronym. It really should be known better). Back in '94, most sarcastic posts would get this reply as a first reply, which also served as a hint to other readers whose sarcasm detector failed to be triggered. 1) MS is still a dominant company 2) The people working there are _taking orders_ from the executive office. You can be completely sure, especially in Microsoft, that this was cleared with the executive and legal time before anything was uploaded (not doing so is grounds for termination), and you can be quite sure that even if this is an "grass-root" initiative inside microsoft, it was discussed and authorized with management before the 3rd hour was spent. More likely, someone in sales asked a customer "Why are you using Linux here instead of Windows?" and the response was "We need Redis" - prompting this work. First, to address your concern: You can just run your C# code on Linux, rather than Redis on Windows. Mono really is that good (unlike the Windows Posix subsystem, which -- had microsoft cared to maintain, would have been able to run Redis!), and cross platform requests go both ways. You'd also save money on server licenses. I'm feeling like I need to get my karma downvoted today :) I'm kind of amazed by responses from yourself and yread below. You guys are paying Microsoft for the privilege of using their products. Microsoft is actively working to harm competitors such as Android, Linux, and (antirez's dev platform IIRC) OS/X every other day. It has actively worked to undermine the free software community (of which Redis is a product) for a long time, calling GPL "a cancer" (yes, I know redis is BSD), financing the frivolous SCO vs. Novell law suit, loading ISO committees against the Open Document Format, threatening VirtualDub with a patent lawsuit, and a hundred other similar things. You are not paying antirez, but are getting an excellent product and service for free (the cost being taking 30 minutes of your time to run redis in vm! Really! Try! I set up Linux vms in linux for testing all the time). And yet, when antirez says "meh, not interested, it goes against my focus", you call his response "bubble filtered" or (other posters) "immature". An Upton Sinclair quote is extremely relevant here: "It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it!" edit: AviDemux -> VirtualDub (misremembered) Read my comment here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3334150 (and downvote it :) if we can infer anything from the downvote statistics in this thread) > That's why the attitude shocked me. Is your customer paying you? (I assume yes) Are you paying Antirez? (I assume no) Why is that attitude shocking you? You are paying Microsoft, and the only reason they want Redis to run on windows is so that you'll keep paying them. Not some grand "Oh redis is nice, we really want to support it". > It is just a bit sad that there is this MS divide And Microsoft is entirely to blame for it. And cut the "Microsoft is a big company, don't treat it homogenously" bullsh@t. Barack Obama can't deport a us citizen he doesn't like (or at least couldn't until last week). Steve Ballmer can (and does) fire MS employees that are not aligned with his vision. There might be the occasional local initiatives that look nice -- but Microsoft is an enemy of free software. I like it how "not catering for bureaucratic needs of the unpaying enterprise who has no problem paying Microsoft an others, even though there's a perfectly simple technical solution" is narrow minded. And it's been very long since I've seen an "enterprise" that didn't already have linux deployments. Can you name a few? > I have difficulty interpreting the difference between running a native process, and spinning up a VM (local or remote), as a trivial difference. Instead of running "redis.exe" (which you installed), you run "virtualbox redis.vdx". You could even have the inner redis use the outer disk with a little more work, running the internal vm read only. Configuration is slightly more complicated, as you have to both configure the inside redis and the outside virtualbox -- but it's all just a few short text files, and you only need to do that once. You can produce a version that works offline. You can even bundle it inside your product (virtualbox and redis both being free). And you can do it today without antirez's help. Really! EDIT: online -> offline; typo. > should Microsoft (or other contributors) overcome the expressed limitations, then a promoted Windows port makes sense. This being a BSD product, they can just maintain and release their own version, and they're not even obliged to share their modifications with the community; they haven't in the past (e.g. BSD sockets, zlib) so I wouldn't expect them in this case either. And as a paying microsoft custoemr, you should be getting such a service for your money. Really, this is all it is about -- You, yread and microsoft are trying to get Antirez to provide valuable (to yourselves) service for free. >> Really, unless you run it on a "server", then sqlite with properly set cache parameters is almost surely a better choice, and works on Win32 since 2002 or so. > It might make sense for end-user business software if that software ever has to be run offline. I'm sorry, I'm entirely unimaginative -- but I can't think of a use case for an "end-user" offline Redis server (regardless of O/S) that is better served by redis' sweet spot than by a local sqlite or postgres install. Can you help me here? Let me commend you on your solution; unlike the many complainers on this thread. That's how it should be - you've made a choice of development platform, you get to live with the trade-offs, one of them, for the time being, being "no good native redis". > I'm sorry, but I'm really not interested in the whole Linux vs Microsoft flamewar. Oh, how I wish it was a flamewar. You sir, are apparently willingly ignorant. I have listed many cases where Microsoft have actively harmed projects and community processes. Actions with documented, measurable economic harm. It does not become a flamewar just because you are not interested. This is a business war. I consider the side you support (by virtue of paying them) unethical. If Microsoft "won" the war on free software earlier, e.g. SCO managed to discredit Linux to the point of no one using it, Redis would likely not have happened the way it did. > I doubt we'll be able to change each other's minds here. Agreed. > Thanks for pulling me out of context. I don't think I was pulling you out of context. The rest of your statement is basically "you're entitled to be bubble filtered". But his response was considerate, detailed, to the point, and certainly NOT ignoring the reality. > "you're bubble filtered" an insult feels a bit, well, naive to me. I understand it to mean "you're unaware because of the way you live your (professional) life". It isn't necessarily an insult, but it implies ignorance -- whereas antirez demonstrated the opposite. It's just out of line at that point of the discussion. > I'd pay for a Redis version on Windows. Make antirez an offer then, it might be worth his while if many people do that. If you don't have the cash (I'm running a startup myself, I know how that is), you can offer equity. > However with the tech we're using (such as, for example, parts of .NET 4's Entity Framework), I doubt we'll be able to move to Mono soon. Cool. Don't be surprised that your choice of platform and tools, e.g. the latest-and-greatest .NET 4 Entity Framework, limits your access to other tools, e.g. redis. Life is a tradeoff. All these cases you describe are stand alone systems and could equally well be running Linux, or running it in a virtual machine. I should have asked "inside devices running windows , or as a component in 'end-user' business software running windows " I thought that was implied given the context. Specifically about printers - they're not that fast that sqlite or postgres can't deal with them. Really. redis is for the 50MB/sec pushing-things-around speed. Fastest printers are at the 10MB/sec, which MSSQL, PosgreSQL and SQLite handle perfectly well. Also, redis is about lots (hundreds of millions) of small items. printers are about few (thousands) of large items. > Computer systems that control factory processes, such as SCADA and MES systems, often have to deal with large amounts of data coming in from many different machines. Most vendors therefore wrote what they call a "real-time database", even though it is not really real-time, just fast. Redis would be a great substitute for such a database. They should pay for a "real" in memory databsae if they can pay for windows. TimesTen, Sybase IQ, Kx. Yes virginia, there are consequences to using the proprietary eco-system. > Imagine a team of 10 sysadmins for a 3000 person company all highly skilled in administering Windows systems. Moving such people to Linux "just" to administer a Redis installation is impractical, and the company will rather disregard Redis for other options. You're spending $1M/year in sysadmin salary alone here - probably $1M/year more on hardware and other licenses. Shell out $50K for TimesTen and be done with it. Or pay someone (possibly even antirez) who'll produce a windows port. If it's not worth $50K to this company, it's not worth even a single minute of antirez' time. Missed this first time I commented: > Submitting code upstream to Redis is completely independent of their patent decisions regarding Android. I'm not a fan of their overall stance with respect to FOSS/Linux/Android, and they may be earning the snark there, but not in this case. Wrong. They are both cleared by the same legal department, guided by the same company vision. They are not being a useful member of the community. They're trying to give people less reason to leave Windows. Pure self interest, completely in line with everything else they do.