When I worked in an office, nobody was a smoker (Sweden...) but instead we had coffee breaks. The time when we needed to refill our coffee mugs would synchronize and we'd end up around the coffee machine in the airy full-window hallway. You can change cities by clicking on "切换城市". Of course it's still not the whole country but it's still more than one city. Where in Europe? Do you have a link to numbers? Apple don't dominate in Sweden at least. http://feber.se/android/art/199920/android_nu_strre_n_iphone... How is the iPad 2 not just milking the original iPad? It has no revolutionary changes, it's just faster, thinner, and has the cameras the iPad was rumored to have from the beginning. I think most companies have the muscle to put out a slight revision on a first product after a year. Sony Ericsson featurephones have had video editing built-in since 2005. I think this is the biggest issue with the new subscription rule: Not the 30%, not the requirement to price match, but that it's just so confusing that nobody really understands what applies and where. I visit the Bay area yearly, and every time I make sure that my connection is in Europe and I never have to connect in the U.S. I've visited a ton of countries (including China), and the U.S. is definitely the most hostile to visit. As an EU citizen you get interrogated why you're visiting the U.S. When I was in SF for WWDC, it was easy, "I'm here for Apple's WWDC". Any other time it's been a 15 minute ordeal of explaining what computer software is exactly and how my international contractor relationship works and why I'm not going to escape into the forests and become a day laborer. Once they even asked for a bank statement. In no other countries I've traveled to (20+) have I had to explain why I'm there aside from checking a box on a paper form. The UK is very much America's little brother. A little less so under Brown but they still love following U.S. precedents. Seems broken in Safari http://imgb.mp/e0q So would HTML+CSS+two drinky birds tapping the keys a'la Homer Simpson count? But what's keeping them from pirating Xcode? Now where's the music video where this is synced to the same data interpreted as 100x100px frames of RGB image data? American banks are really terrible with this, and I just don't understand why. I live in Sweden, but I get paid for work I do for a U.S. company. Both my employer and I have Bank of America accounts in the states, and my employer sending a wire to my BoA account takes longer to process than me sending a wire from my BoA account to my Swedish bank. So it takes longer to send a wire WITHIN THE SAME BANK thank it does to send internationally halfway around the globe. There's really something truly deeply wrong with U.S. banking. Meanwhile, here in Sweden, cheques don't exist and everyone uses wire transfers to pay each other, pay rent etc. They're always free, can be done online, take seconds within the same bank, and half a business day between banks. And this system has been in place for literally decades. It sure has, but only thanks to piracy, not through any initiative from the movie studios' part. That doesn't really work for me - my parents left this country for Australia, and I've visited them but it sure doesn't feel like "home", it feels a lot more like home when they come visit me here in Sweden - so there's definitely something to say for environment playing a role. I don't see why you couldn't inject a CR LF? Sure it might not be that dangerous (although it could be depending on what validation the server does on # of args), but you're still modifying the query. Binary protocols aren't magically immune to injection-style attacks, just look at the decades of buffer overflow vulnerabilities. It's cute how he end his long list of messy hacks for dealing with NAT with "Appreciate the astonishing long-lasting simplicity". tap tap tap also made a blog post on working as a distributed team, focusing on the tools used to keep everyone in sync http://taptaptap.com/blog/tools-for-effective-iphone-app-dev... (shameless plug disclaimer: I work for them. That said, it's on-topic and a good overview) « I mean, he could have dropped a piano on it, or set it on fire...» Exactly. People have to keep in mind this is a Clarkson review we're talking about. If you want to see how he deals with cars he really doesn't like, just search YouTube for "clarkson perodua kelisa". As someone who lives in a country where half the year it's -10℃ with 2 hours of sunlight (zero hours if it's cloudy), I'd have to say it's not quite viable. Another problem with desert solar power plants is political - Europe for instance would become dependant on the middle east and africa for power, which after the past couple decades of oil politics doesn't look like a very attractive option. Of course nuclear isn't much better in this regard - while we do have uranium deposits, we don't have any uranium mines, and hence rely on imports for nuclear fuel. Perhaps their internal capacity is already tied up in other tasks, so while they have 1000 cores internally, they can't all be monopolized for 80 hours for a single task like the AWS machines can. Odd, on my Mac Firefox 4.0 is by far the slowest (the smoothing pass is painful to watch), with Safari (5.0.4) coming in second and Chrome (10.0.648.204) is easily the fastest. MacBook Pro Mid-2009 2.53 GHz Core 2 Duo. Didn't try Opera. What's interesting is that they're still only opening it for "partners", so they're not quite taking up the fight with Ustream, justin.tv or Niconicodouga yet. It's just as easy to de-authorize devices (and hence invalidate host IDs) on Dropbox as is is to change your Facebook password. I've never had a proper job in an office - I started working an online gig in uni, and I've been working for them ever since. It's great not needing to be in one place. I've started taking round-the-world trips - live cheap in hostels, work in coffee shops using their WiFi. Hanging out in Singapore and Tokyo sure motivates me to work a lot more than my apartment at home. Haha, I hate T5 the most :/ Taking a train within the terminal, the longest security lines within Heathrow... no thanks. It sure looks purdy, but it's really hell to deal with. I don't even think it has mains sockets like the T3/T4 do. If this was a regular comment I wouldn't say anything, but since this is likely a canned copy/paste you'll repeat, I'll be a grammar nazi and ask you to please fix it to say "you're" instead of "your". Just because you don't need a smartphone doesn't mean you won't get one. Come contract renewal, she'll probably get an Android phone whether she wants to or not (in the U.S., it may take another contract cycle, but here in Europe, everyone is giving out entry-level Android phones from ZTE, Sony Ericsson etc as freephones) In late 2009 I bought 2 Crucial SSDs for my MacBook Pro, replacing a Seagate HDD that had died after just 5 months (the other one went in the optical bay). They're still working fine after 16+ months, and even if they die now they'll have outlived many of my harddrives (75GXP anyone?). One is my boot drive, and one is my media drive. SMART reports the boot drive has 78% of its erases left, and the media drive 100% (mostly static data). ~20% erases down after 16 months means if the wear leveling works out, my drive should last another 5 years. My usage is quite normal - coding work doesn't do very many heavy writes. I have 8 GB RAM, so the swap file doesn't see much usage, but instead there's 8 GB of hibernate file writes whenever I put my laptop to sleep (a couple times a day). Also, there's some background process that hits the drive with ~100 KB of writes every couple of seconds. The Apple document reads "publicly associate", which I read as "don't show the UDID under a user profile". But it also says "Never store user information based solely on the UDID. Always use a combination of UDID and application-specific user ID." I was hoping they'd discuss how SunSpider doesn't test the DOM, Canvas or other things that web apps commonly do. I haven't felt my apps have really been performance constrained by basic JS language performance, but rather DOM tree searches, element creation, innerHTML parsing, etc. Benchmarking a JavaScript Raytracer and encryption engine is a noble cause for advancing JS going forward (especially with projects such as node.js gaining momentum), but it doesn't feel very relevant to me, right now, today. What other benchmarks are there? Apple's Sunspider, Google's V8 Benchmark Suite, Mozilla's Kraken, that JSLint-based one... Does anyone know of a good link where someone has deconstructed all these JS benchmarks and what parts of a browser they actually test? If they don't want to spend their time complying with the software license, then they're free to not use open source licensed code in their products. Microsoft do just that, and they never have to worry about compliance issues. I don't think Apple would appreciate it if I downloaded iWork and instead of paying them said "Promoting strict and timely license compliance falls somewhere below sleeping". I assume they mean, if you brick the phone, the warranty is void. If you reflash your phone but then the hardware breaks, the warranty is still valid. Conversely, Americans can't listen to Spotify, or watch many of the european broadcaster's online streams (e.g. Eurovision) And the other day I saw a HN comment for another one of these HTML5 demos that it kept crashing someone's iOS Safari browser. Apparently Flash doesn't just suck because Adobe are useless, but because interaction and animation is a hard problem to solve. That said, this was pretty cool. The 3D was a bit "Money for nothing", and my Chrome gave me 10 seconds of beachball each time it switched from 2D video to 3D, but it's still showing that the web is moving forward (to CD-ROMs from the 90's) The PDF file was 720 KB. The Scribd reader page was 3.1 MB (800+KB of JavaScript alone). So the PDF would actually load quicker than the cloud reader. Ah, I've never had that problem since both Chrome and Safari have native PDF renderers that load instantly. And Scribd just sent me 10(ten) e-mails since I had the audacity to log in using Facebook and it decided to go all social on me and add all my friends one by one. No thanks. All my friends use Google Talk since we all have Android phones and use it instead of SMS since it's free. I've never used the voice/video desktop client though. Their site has a pretty bad example. Instead imagine it's an array of authors instead. Then their selector would give you a list of all their favourite drinks, which would require a loop in normal JS. I think I'd prefer something more XPath-like than CSS myself (as someone linked in another comment) "Apple states that although the present invention is primarily described in the context of a browser-based word processing system, the present invention could in fact be more generally applied to any system that renders textual information in a platform-independent manner and is not meant to be limited to word-processing systems or browser-based systems." So... they patented PDF? Don't Adobe have patents that clash with this? #5 on iTunes U.S. Top Paid Apps chart right now Where are the links to his bug reports for these so we can vote on them to be fixed? I don't see what justification there is for this being a law. It's simple enough to make it part of the Terms of Service, and then terminate the accounts of anyone who's logged in on more than 10 IP addresses at the same time. It's fundamentally different from the old "theft of cable" laws where the service provider doesn't have full control over the signal/content. That's completely reasonable. As is Netflix putting "only one household" in their ToS. It'd be unreasonable if there was a specific law on the books in Japan that says if you loan out your rail pass you're branded a criminal (which in the case of Japan means you're deported for life) and get jail time, instead of them just taking it away from you and saying "you broke the terms, no more rail pass for you". I remember this used to be possible in the classic MacOS (System 7, technically it wasn't called "MacOS" back then). The native PICT image format was just QuickDraw graphics API calls serialized to a binary file, so there was a screenshot program that would simply record the API calls made, and save them to a PICT file. They also have a flash site where fans can create their own ideal member using parts from the other girls, and then share and rank each other's creations http://www.icenomi.com/oshimen/index.html It looks like it was written by someone who wanted to parse their XML using regexps instead of a real parser. I find it a real shame Apple have no interest in making their iMessages and FaceTime networks interoperate with XMPP and instead going their own way. We're going to end up with people on different mobile OSes hesitating to communicate with each other because they'll fall back on expensive SMSes (a network effect much like today with discounted in-network calling). Some of the trains used for commuting where I live (southern sweden/denmark) do have a first class area (which is nearly always empty…). Quoth the article: «A common fear about loser-pays is that the side who loses a routine dispute will get handed a bill for 10,000 hours from Cravath, Swaine & Moore. But European courts are well aware of the danger that successful litigants will overinvest in their cases and gold-plate their fee requests. They carefully control the process to prevent that danger, giving the losing side a full chance to dispute a fee award, requiring that work be reasonable and necessary, providing that elite lawyer rates not be paid if a Main Street lawyer could have done the job, and so forth.» I don't know which John Walicki the quote is from, but the top result on LinkedIn works for IBM, so it's a possibility that they as a service provider support users of many different corporations on a single product. Reading the comments on Mike Kaply's post, this is my favorite quote: «Alienate the corporate users and you’ll alienate home users.» It appears these corporate IT types honestly don't understand why Apple are doing so well. There were plenty of wireless-optimized TCP replacements proposed back in the days when WAP and XHTML Mobile were the hottest things around, but none took root as operators, web servers and browsers needed to adopt them in tandem. Now that smartphone apps are widespread and someone developing a service can control both sides of the connection, there's definitely room for someone to devise a really good TCP replacement (layered on top of UDP) with an iOS library, an Android library, and an Apache mod. I suspect spammers have moved from email to the web. I'm seeing more forum/comment form spam now than ever (especially on disqus sites, I've only seen 1-2 spam facebook comments yet). Too bad web spam is basically impossible to measure overall. Isn't that simplifying things a bit? Loops are hidden everywhere, just concatenating a string is actually a loop even if there's no visible for/where, but the best optimization for that isn't speeding up the loop, it's removing the call completely. I'm often a part of the design sessions at my work, and all the questions that look like so much in text are covered in an audio chat in 5-10 minutes, and for something like adding an error dialog and character counter, another half an hour turnaround from our designer for the graphics. I'd say any feature that takes less than an hour to design is a small change. I guess I'm luckily in that at my work, WebKit (Safari+Chrome) represents 60% of the visitors, with the rest being split among Firefox (20%) and IE (10%, which we don't even bother testing for) iPhone camera app with hosted pages for twitter sharing You'd rather they lie to you? Also varies based on what you've visited before. English Wikipedia works fine… until you visit the Tiananmen Square Protests article, and then suddenly all of Wikipedia stops working. The HTML5 video plays fine for me. Xperia Arc, Android 2.3.3 I don't get why this is downvoted because it's pretty much true. I definitely learned to identify the kind of unproductive enthusiast teams without the talent required to get anything done the blog post lays out from all the "let's make this awesome game" forum endeavors of my youth. That anecdote doesn't pass the smell test. The article says "the 1860's". Quoth wikipedia: «The last convict ship to be sent from England, the St. Vincent, arrived in 1853». Another source[1] states that the worst death rate of the fleet was 33%, far below the 60% in your source. Makes for a great story/example though! Which I guess is how these anecdotes propagate. [1] http://www.historyaustralia.org.au/ifhaa/ships/2ndfleet.htm They presumably started calling it an App Store after people started referring to mobile software as "Apps" (which seems to have started with the iPhone). If a piece of mobile software is called an "App", then calling the place you got it an "App Store" is pretty natural. So if Apple want to own "App Store", they also ought to go after everyone calling them "Apps". If "App" is generic, so should "App Store". IMHO Spotify stopped being interesting when they had to drop their ad-supported all-you-can-eat free tier. That's what really drove growth in Europe and make it ubiquitous here in Sweden. Now that that's gone, they're just another dime-a-dozen paid music streaming services that nobody wants to pay for. edit: For anyone wondering what the big deal with Spotify is, is that it was completely free. Anyone could just download the app, and then listen to any song they wanted to, legally, completely free - there were just short ad breaks every couple of songs. This free legal option meant that there was zero reason to pirate music anymore, so everyone flocked to it. If you paid €10/mo you got a higher bitrate, no ads, offline playing and access to the iPhone/Android apps. The pay option was attractive if you were going to have a party (ads are a turnoff in situations like that), or when you end up requiring the iPhone app since you don't have any music files to put on your MP3 player anymore since you've just been listening to everything on Spotify... The record companies really hated giving away music (despite Spotify being a goldmine for them - Spotify is currently the #1 single source of income for record labels in Sweden, making them more money than any single retailer), so they had to kill it a couple months back (rumor has it they had to kill it in order to secure U.S. rights). Without the completely free tier, they'll have a really hard time getting new users. It's not an entire continent - Spotify is only available in a handful of European countries. They've also spent a lot of time in invitation-only mode. Plus if they tie in with Facebook that will be some amazing marketing incomparable to anything they've done before. They've cut it down to 10 hours free a month, which is more a sample than a real service. On my desktop if I'm in a stack of dialogs I often use the ESC key as a back button. iOS has zero meaningful inter-process communication (which is why every app has to have a piss-poor re-implementation of Safari and Twitter) so it doesn't even have a concept of "global". Doesn't this article forget Samsung, who themselves manufacture a lot of the major components that make up a modern phone (display, flash memory, camera, etc). Samsung don't copy technology from from Apple, despite their designs being somewhat... inspired by them. They're up there with everyone else battling on the forefront of component development, e.g. bright colorful S-AMOLED displays, better camera sensors, etc. This technology actually sees some use on Japanese TV http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDvIJtqQWwk#t=131s I instantly thought of this when I saw the characteristic head-swaying On our iOS camera app, owners of early iPod Touch devices leave 1-star reviews because our app doesn't add a hardware camera to their device. There are some stunningly idiotic users out there. Wow, 11% still on iOS 3? That compares to less than 4% still on Android 1.x http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-ve... > there's nothing to suggest that you'll be able to get the playlists on your computer out as easily as Spotify does from iTunes. It is actually really easy, I think they have an API for this. Once Spotify launched in the U.S., my friend switched from Spotify to WiMP (wimpmusic.se), and they could easily just import his playlists and boom he had all his music again. It's sure a heck of a lot easier than dealing with DRM - I still have a ton of songs from iTunes Japan (which still uses FairPlay DRM) I can't play on my Android phone at all It appears it's using SVG gradients, so the banding depends on how your browser is rendering it. Only when everything on the news page is marked as read and I'm in hyper-procrastination mode. I love having images to scan instead of just headlines (which Andy seems to detest), so when my local newspaper redesigned their page, I fell in love http://www.sydsvenskan.se/ (Swedish) Breaking news at the very top, then a top story, then the other top 4 stories. Then a simple scrolling list of the latest news by time descending (great when you check in a few times a day). Of course, as a local paper they have a lot less content making it a much easier job than something on the scale of the NYT. Re: SABnzbd+, I wonder if he's tried Sickbeard. Works well to avoid the situation where you'd end up with dupes. There's an Android app called "Image Viewer" that'll view any gigantic JPEG by only decoding the part you're looking at. No special processing required, it'll take any JPEG off your memory card/you downloaded in the phone browser. I used it to view a high-resolution PDF bike route map converted to a 20 MB JPEG for viewing on the road - works great. The icon is ugly as sin though. https://market.android.com/details?id=image.viewer It seems like Windows does unspeakable things to the font we use, so I changed it to Georgia. Windows font rendering makes me sad :( Not "if you use a mobile Facebook app", more like "If you said yes to some option that allows them to do this". I've had the Facebook app on all my phones the past few years (1 java, 5 android, 1 symbian), and yet I have no phone contacts here. I find that while I like trying out apps, I only have a few that I actually end up using. So I have a cheap iPod touch for trying out apps and doing dev work, and then I use an Android phone daily. When a non-android smartphone adds support for Mobile Suica and 1seg, then I'll be glad to entertain switching. http://downrightnow.com/ monitors twitter, their own user reports, official status RSS feeds, etc for a probability calculation of if a site is down or not. I'd like to know what he means by "4G". HSDPA (could probably be done really easily with a hacked AT&T femtocell)? WiMAX? LTE? What other APIs do you use? Because I find I have far more issues with the Twitter API (downtime, poor documentation, lacking features, etc) > I'm not aware of any stock camera application that does QR detection. Nokia phones have come with QR readers stock for a few years now, and Sony Ericsson's Android phones come with NeoReader preinstalled. It would be nice if more Android manufacturers could create devices like the Sony Ericsson Xperia Play - phones with physical game controls. Sadly it seems to be a dead-end, since developers won't rewrite games for a single handset. The problem with selling a $599 phone in the U.S. market was that unlike in other countries where an unsubsidized phone will get you a cheaper plan (thus making it cheaper in the long run), IIRC the iPhone plans were actually more expensive. Yes. Word even localizes the keyboard shortcuts (e.g. in Swedish office, you bold text with command-F for "Fetstil") Why couldn't this just as well be "AT&T reacts to Google Talk"? I know that ever since me and all my friends got Android phones, I've stopped using SMS entirely and only use Google Talk. So how are iOS app developers supposed to test for these undocumented variations? Are you planning on writing a Jailbroken-phones-crazy-ass-hacks test suite for us? In one of our games, certain jailbroken phones broke the shadows under a character. How do we even begin to debug that? Especially when the only bug reports are 1-star reviews with no way to contact the user? One of the beauties of the iOS platform is that there is very little variation, and any changes are well-documented and you have plenty of time to test for them in advance. It's one reason it's so popular to develop for and the apps are so high-quality. It would be cool if this service could monitor your Twitter/Facebook/etc for signs of life to cut down on the link-clicking required, and to add more resilience in the case of spam filtering. Wouldn't that create the reverse incentive for AT&T though? Jack up prices so that people get used to free iMessage but when get penalized heavy when they use those heavy messaging habits on someone without an iPhone? > holding down one key while pressing another has no parallel to real life searching. Yeah, but having a device instantly find something for you among a stack of 100 pages also has no parallel to real-life searching. The parallel to real life searching is paging through pages one by one, or browsing an index - precisely the things we're trying to get away from. If you stretch your search for metaphors too far you end up with outdated ones nobody knows about - like for searching it'd be the old library card catalog. Heck even today, I bet a majority of computer uses have never used a filing cabinet with documents in folders. At some point we have to create new metaphors, when the digital realm create opportunities that never existed in the real world Once Apple released the Magic Trackpad, all my mouse annoyances disappeared. It's always right there, and it has a tactility on par with keyboards. I'm in Japan right now, and I've found the early warning service random at best. I'd say 50% of the time I get alerts, I actually feel the quake, and 50% of the quakes I get have no alert. There are quakes [that you can feel] about every other day (here in Tokyo, they're still more frequent up in Sendai). Google have a vested interest in non-browser apps? What? Why does ChromeOS exist then? They've been doing the image scanning thing a bit in Sweden, where you can take pictures of bus stop ads and be taken to a site. The problem as I see it is that it needs a database connection, which means * You need a network connection for it to work, so it won't work everywhere (subway ads) * Since there's a network service involved, it can't be an open standard, and users will need 20 different apps installed for all the different service providers, and figure out just what app to use for this damn ad. * Due to the network roundtrip, you don't have instant feedback that the scan worked, which is a problem since * Performance is poor in the dark. QR codes also solve the problem of telling people that there's something actually there to scan. I think most people are taking on this debate with the ghoulish yet all-to-possible assumption that Jobs is not going to be with us for much longer. Less queries isn't always better. Sometimes a couple small fast (easily optimized by the DB server) queries are faster than a join (which could block several tables at once instead of just one). It works in Firefox after continuing thru the "slow script" message a couple of times, but my WebKit browsers just crash or freeze. Every new technology generation seems to make claims of revolutionary battery life, and yet it seems we're still hovering around 3-4 hours of practical usage, same as the old Mac Portable from 1990. I'll believe it when I see it. And even if there are such savings, Apple will use them to make the battery smaller and the laptop thinner instead of actually increasing battery life. Android's Intents architecture is far more elegant than forcing every app developer to reimplement every API or specifically support every secret URL handler. Being able to make a client for, say, a new social network, and instantly having every app on your phone support it through the generic "Share" button they already have is a very powerful tool. If you interpret the graph as a pissing match, then it is unfair that they've split up Safari. However I do find the information on how many iOS users have iPods vs. iPhones interesting, so I'm glad they did it. Opera ought to be split up into Opera Mini and Opera Mobile, since they're different renderers on different types of devices. > 3. The debasement of the brand. I'm talking about the non-stop cutesy-pie logos. What if Coke did this? MTV quite successfully built their whole brand on this http://www.underconsideration.com/brandnew/archives/mtv_inte... This really shows the difference in performance between integrated and discrete graphics - on my MacBook Pro's integrated graphics, I get 15-17 fps, on the discrete graphics I hit 35 > Turns out they are mostly just bumping the GPU which is useless to anyone with a discrete graphics card I've kept my MacBook Pro locked to the integrated graphics card ever since I bought it, and never really missed the discrete graphics. I've maybe turned it on once or twice to try out WebGL benchmarks. OTOH I definitely would miss the extra 10% battery life. All these statistics come from server use, where drives are constantly spinning and kept at a relatively constant temperature. I'm curious if there's a bigger difference in laptop computers, where the drives see a lot more physical abuse, power cycles, temperature variations, etc. We have the same thing in Sweden, in addition to direct debit and being able to pay for things (while shopping online) instantly via your online banking instead of using your credit card. It all uses industry standards so that any bank or merchant can hook into it. The banks here also back an online ID system which has the same legal status as a signature, meaning you can sign up for various banking/insurance etc things online. The same ID system is also used to file taxes online. Whenever I read about banking in the U.S., it strikes me how incredibly outdated it is. Outside of the U.S. I don't think I've ever seen a paper cheque. I'm tired of these theoretical bandwidth numbers getting further and further away from the real-world bandwidth numbers. On the original UMTS 3G labeled "384 kbit" we got 300 kbit, it was alright. With 7.2 Mbit HSDPA we get something closer to 2-3 Mbit. The same thing with WiFi - I've never ever seen anything anywhere close to the 300 Mbps theoretical rate of 802.11n WiFi. Cable numbers are diverging in a similar manner, and the DSL numbers currently quoted are only possible to achieve when you're 100 meters away from the DSLAM... "Apple engineers developed the A4 chip"[1], even if it's originally an ARM design I can see them being liable for it. [1] http://www.apple.com/iphone/design/#a4 Hah, I've long been considering writing a daily cron script that changes my Facebook birthday to the current date. This post may be what gets me off my lazy ass to do it Why would it mean that less people will sign up to Spotify? I'd think that being pushed in everyone's social feed and making a signup be one click away and no text fields to fill out, this will mean they'll gain a massive amount of new users. This doesn't surprise me at all. Storage is cheap, and it's a lot easier to never delete anything than to devise some system to go and clean up old "useless" information (which at some point you may find useful, e.g. this new Timeline history stuff). I know often in the stuff I write, instead of deleting data, I toggle a "deleted" column. I always have the option to delete it for real later if I need the storage/clean up the index. That's a pretty good sign that it's not really legal. This has been annoying me a lot too. I remember originally switching to Google mainly because it meant I didn't have to keep pressing + all the time. For the past couple of weeks I've been having flashbacks to 2001. Netbooks are also constrained by a usable keyboard size, and when you've made the machine that big, might as well put in the same size screen. It can be done. Up until 2005 Denmark's government-regulated debit card network called Dankort was completely free of fees. Eventually the banks lobbied the government to allow per-transaction fees to be charged for use of the card, but after only a few months of that practice there was so much protest among consumers that the per-transaction fee was converted into a fixed annual fee. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dankort If you're transferring the money into Paypal anyway (and exposing yourself to "the paypal risk"), why not just use Paypal Website Payments Pro? > They take the standard, off-the-shelf component prices Do you have a source for this or are you just making an assumption? The like updates are timed improperly and the number keeps going down and then up and then down. I got a lot of shit at work for a similar bug on a JS ticker, I'm glad I'm not the only one! * PlayerPro for music listening * Bankdroid for widgets to show my bank/credit balance * mNote for SimpleNote syncing * Aedict for japanese dictionary * Google Listen for podcasts, but I'm looking for something better * Raziko for japanese radio streaming * BatteryView to keep track of how fast I'm draining Awesome, Firefox can run a demo from 2009! I have to say, as a web developer who is permitted to make stuff that only works in Safari, I really really love WebKit. > Though the studies found that money brought home in 2004 ended up benefiting a narrow set of shareholders, support is growing in Congress for the tax holiday as companies expand their roster of lobbyists. It's really sad how U.S. government policy is now so openly for sale to the highest bidder. It'd be nice to change the vendor prefix definition from "this browser's rendition of this" to "this vendor's definition of this". I like hanging out in Japan and I can confirm this. Last year I spent 2 months right outside Tokyo (on the Keio-Inokashira line) and this year I'm here for 4 mo right smack dab in the middle of it. Since I'm only here on a tourist entry visa, I can't get "real" services so I'm paying 140,000 yen/mo in rent (for an admittedly pretty decent place, and no "key money" and they charge it right to my credit card) and $250/mo for an unlimited data SIM card rental (can't even get prepaid without a proper visa…), but aside from those inflated costs, everything here is the same or cheaper than in Sweden. Especially eating out. E.g. back home you can't get any prepared meal aside from sloppy tax-evasion kebab for less than 90 SEK (US$13) but here you can get away with it for at least half of that. Public transport is about the same price as at home, but it's really easy to underestimate how big Tokyo or even the whole country is. Thinking "oh I'll go to yokohama for that party" it's really easy to forget that at home that'd be the equivalent of taking the train to the next country over. I absolutely love it though, anyone even remotely considering coming here should definitely do it, even if just for a short while. It's an amazing place. Edit: oh yeah, I got an ear infection while here and had to go to an ear doctor without any insurance. For the first visit (which included a signup fee, a hearing test and a prescription), I paid $150, and the 2 followups each cost closer to $40 each. This sounds about right for what I'd pay at home if I wasn't european and got free healthcare (my reference for the cost of European care comes from my parents, they moved to Australia and lost european coverage so when my mom fractured her jaw when she was here for a visit she had to pay out of pocket). Issue date on Google Patents http://www.google.com/patents/about?id=KdHbAAAAEBAJ Chance? Behavior? I've had 3 close relatives die from cancer (Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandma - Lung, Lung, Brain). Adding 3 more people to a list like that isn't far fetched. In developed countries - Cancer is a huge killer, worldwide - it kills 13% of people. Windows? "I just upgraded my Windows!" "Oh nice, switched to three-pane? How much did you save in heating costs?" > How such a flawed laptop could pass quality control is past me Every manufacturer has a few lines of lemons. Apple for instance had a few generations of iBooks where the graphics chip would come loose (since it was placed unprotected under the wrist rest), everyone who I've ever known with a plastic MacBook (5+ people) had the front plastic crack, one generation of MacBook Pro 15" had an issue where the LCD would randomly turn on with every other row of LED lighting turned off (so it looked like stage lighting), and then of course the classic "mooing" MacBook. This is why anecdotal evidence is difficult to take to heart - it's always black and white. nettop in the command line does it (added in Lion), maybe you can scrape it out of there or find the source to it to see how it's done. First bing result for "三宅一生 ソニー ユニフォーム": http://www.sony.co.jp/SonyInfo/CorporateInfo/History/capsule... 1981年に採用が決まった最後のユニフォームはなんと三宅一生氏のデザインですよ。オシャレでしょ。 edit: looks like I was beaten quite handily, I need to remember to refresh old tabs before replying... I haven't read the original study, but might they not be mixing together cause and effect here? Instead of taking vitamins causing people to get sick, it might be people with riskier genetics/lifestyles are more likely to take vitamins to hedge against that? Reminds me of a news article that interpreted statistics to say "People who drink low fat milk are fatter! Clearly this means that low fat milk makes you fat!" instead of the obvious conclusion that people who are fat would drink low fat milk to try to get slimmer. Most of the page is cut off on Android (2.3.3) > which is one reason the Awesome bar will never make it into Chrome. What does the AwesomeBar do that Chrome's address bar doesn't? Heck the Chrome address bar even does autocomplete of search terms when you have it set to use Bing… The phonetic field is for Japanese names (at least, that's what Android phones do), where it's impossible to intelligently sort by the kanji name, so you have to enter a kana name as well. This article does consider that though: They insist that Finland cannot serve as a model because it lacks racial diversity; but they fall silent when one points out that Finland has the same demographics as Sweden, Switzerland, Denmark, and Norway, yet gets superior results. I am troubled by this “lacks diversity” argument, because it implies that African-American and Hispanic children cannot benefit by having highly experienced teachers, small classes, and a curriculum rich in the arts and activities. The graphics aren't really "updated", they're just the graphics from the original Mac version. Which kicked ass, as a Mac user back then I remember looking at the back of the box and laughing at the chunky DOS/Apple II screenshots. > Lets say you've got a 'fob' which is plugged into a USB port I still fail to see how this solves anything. Once you get malware on your computer, that malware can send requests to the USB device, and you're back at square one. One of the features of RSA security fobs is that only someone physically present can use it. What you've made is an RSA fob that's vulnerable to viruses. For this to work, you'd need a trusted connection between the fob and the server. So this reduces down to relying on a CA system, which first of all isn't open, and second we now know works very poorly. Heck and on the USB device you wouldn't even have a secure way to able to update the CA store to remove bad actors. Just tried the docomo NEC (N-02A) I had lying around. Down arrow > Left right to pick the first kana of their name > select name > Press dial button. Not that bad, but a far far cry from the european Sony Ericsson's smart phonebook. Right now I have a SH-12C as my main phone, and it's basically an Android phone with a kickass screen and all the crazy japanese features jammed in it (1seg, mobile suica, 3D camera+screen, privacy veil, etc). And it's great - Google software really makes those features finally worth it. There's even an Android widget to display your Suica balance. Too cluttered? If you can't find the camera icon on a screen with a clock and 6 icons (4 of which are in a row), how the heck are you going to find the camera icon in a grid of 12 icons that all have the exact same shape? I find iOS's homescreen extremely cluttered and VERY frustrating to use. Ouch, that site burns my eyes. I think the practice of building sites on painfully short schedules is more common than anyone thinks, but nobody wants to brag about it because it just shows you're not enough ahead of the curve. For instance, we spawned the idea for http://mostly365.com/ just 3 days before new years day. We got a design, promotion and all the code (including a twitter scanner, scraper for 15+ picture posting sites and basic CMS) done in time for the new year. I'm absolutely convinced we're not the only ones doing stuff like this. We just want to pretend we had this all ready months in advance. Did you watch the video? This is definitely a bug, seeing as it only happens when you have the shutdown panel open. When you don't have the shutdown panel open, it shows the password prompt as expected. There's no reason that smart cover unlocking and a password prompt can't co-exist. Aside from Blackberry and Nokia, weren't all smartphones before the iPhone touchscreen? Palm, Windows Mobile, Sony Ericsson UIQ... Blackberry was never popular where I live, so I mainly saw touchscreen smartphones and Nokias (and I really hesitate to call the nokia symbian phones "smartphones") Imagine if Steve Jobs had destroyed Windows back in the day because it was "a stolen product". Say what you want about Microsoft and Windows (I've been a die-hard Mac fan since birth), but they really drove the global personal computer revolution. If it wasn't for Microsoft competing with Apple, we would be so far behind where we are today. E.g. Steve Jobs resisted making a computer with a separate monitor so hard, that if he wasn't pushed out of the company, Apple would never have released the Mac II. Now imagine that in a world where Apple also had a monopoly on the GUI. Competition is good ! Copy things and improve upon them, that's how we move forward. And then he left. That is a risk, Twitter has the same risk, and when they switched over to OAuth-only there was a debate about this. Twitter's stance was that it's the developer's responsibility to obfuscate your app secret. People promptly pulled apart the official twitter iPad app and found they had done a terrible job of obfuscating it themselves... The problem is that despite this, the alternatives are all terrible. Once Google started ignoring random words a while back, I tried first DuckDuckGo, but their index is still quite small and my first query returned a single, unrelated result. Then I tried Bing and the results just aren't as good. I keep finding myself going back to google manually despite having Chrome set to use Bing by default... And Steve Jobs himself reportedly used to use the 2002 Sony Ericsson P800 http://www.gsmarena.com/sony_ericsson_p800-pictures-326.php > allows Sony to do something interesting with the mobile phone branch. That's the problem. When was the last time Sony did anything interesting? All their "interesting" attempts at integration with the PS3 have been met with a huge yawn by consumers. How many PC users are still using XP, a 10 year old OS? If the version of the OS you have still works, it still works. The real issue here is security updates. Google need a way to update core OS component that aren't affected by the manufacturer's UI skinning. Bear in mind, when Sony say stuff like "to keep up with competitors", they don't mean proper marketing or sales channels like Samsung or HTC, they mean stupid stuff like the domestic competitor Sharp who have integration between their android phones and their TVs which looks nice on paper, but will influence absolutely noone to buy their phone. My main complaint about Google Maps is how it always assumes I'm in America. I live in Tokyo. My default location is Tokyo. I search for "Ginza". I get a sushi restaurant in Alabama. It would be nice if instead of creating another proprietary protocol, they'd just use something that's already in place http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wideband_audio > Imagine if Yahoo hadn't flubbed the acquisition of Google? We'd all be worse off. It goes both ways. Imagine if Google hadn't bought Android? We'd all be worse off. Sounds a lot like my Digital Circuits course in university. We started with a breadboard of transistors, and after we built each component we got that component as an IC to build the next level of abstraction (flip-flop → memory → adder → processor → etc) . At the end we ended up with a fully programmable computer that we were tasked to program as a sensor-driven traffic light controller. Seeing every step from the ground-up really helps demystify the machines you see around yourself every day. Reading this old story again it's interesting to recontextualize it into 2011. Would this have still happened they same way today, when tools are cheap (or free!) and online distribution gives everyone a large enough audience? (Obviously the PPC being a prototype and not available commercially throws a wrench in my hypothesis but bear with me) Source? edit: did some googling and it's from the biography. This is what I hate about tumblr. It's all completely random stuff with no context, no sourcing and no discussion, just those pointless reblog "notes" edit2: of course, biography not autobiography, dunno what I was thinking I wonder what the rationale is behind letting the same link be resubmitted (especially after it's been frontpaged once) Yep, Washington is dealing with lots of bigger problems http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-20128587-503544/house... I'd bet that now that iOS has notifications, it'll show up in a future version of OS X Flash isn't dead yet since HTML5 hasn't really arrived. On mobile platforms where Flash is supported, it still outperforms HTML5. And the HTML5 toolset is still completely non-existant. We finally killed Flash and now we get this. I believe Apple have been designing their own trackpads for a couple of years now (IIRC it started with the clickwheel iPods) The person who wrote the article this link goes to doesn't seem to understand what Google's Wifi AP database is for. He seems to think it's going to be some searchable database instead of just used for device positioning. It would have been better to just post the link to the Google blog post instead of this misinformed blog. I'm pretty sure they still do (last time I used one was on a white plastic MacBook). I think it's that white piece of plastic in the bottom of his picture of the opened drive http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-ZXGivS3ZQHk/TsPQFirsZBI/AAAAAAAAA-... PBS is a bad example since they're now selling advertising in everything but name. Their "sponsor messages" mention a specific product and a slogan, and they also sell messages targeted to specific shows (such as you'll find news/documentaries on high speed rail sponsored by Siemens). PBS have even started producing 30 second ads they run[1] 1 http://www.mediapost.com/publications/article/161440/pbs-pro... Copenhagen is pretty much the same - I think the past few times I've flown out of CPH, everyone I've spoken to in a service position at the airport (check-in, bar, restaurant, gate) were actually Swedish. Example: approx 15% of Swedish broadband users have replaced their fixed line internet with 3G/4G. (source: http://www.pts.se/sv/Nyheter/Pressmeddelanden/2011/Nara-var-... ) The system also works well at Apple Authorized shops - I've had my stuff bought abroad repaired at a Swedish retail store that's not owned by Apple but has the "Authorized" sticker, and all that history showed up perfectly on my Support Profile ( https://supportprofile.apple.com/MySupportProfile.do ) Anyway wasn't the point of the parent that Apple stores work because they're run by Apple and sell Apple products. Your point that stores not run by Apple don't work as well just reinforces what he says. There's no use building a content indexer if there's no content to index. > I want to live in your utopian world, where people get educations just because. You're welcome, we call it Sweden. Higher education is free (before this year it was even free for non-swedes), and you get a stipend to pay for food/rent as long as you keep passing courses. I know someone who's about to get a physics degree and is going to go into bartending afterwards since it seems more fun. I also know people who get education after education (stuff like psychology, history) while they figure out what they want to do. > Does everyone get this free education, or just some people? Yeah, there's room for everyone. Class sizes are limited so acceptance into programs is merit-based (high school grades or a special test), but worst case you just have to settle for a less prestigious school. There is actually a time limit to the stipend (IIRC 300 weeks of study) to avoid abuse, but it's also dependent on you actually passing courses. What you do is your choice. Not everyone measures wealth in dollars http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satisfaction_with_Life_Index No, it's an index based on asking people how they feel. From one of the sources of the wikipedia article: "Participants in the various studies were asked questions related to happiness and satisfaction with life". The health/wealth/education correlations aren't actually part of the index, they're just comparisons made afterwards to help understand what improves happiness. I only picked that specific one since it was the first google result for my search terms. > There are plenty of bugs all the time (dropped calls, misdialed numbers, etc). Precisely. Erlang was created to run digital phone switches, and so was designed exactly for the scenario of "it's fine if certain calls crash, they can always be redialed, but the system itself always has to be available". Actually, it was mostly bullcrap and clever editing. Somehow people keep forgetting The Daily Show is a fake news show, and are seeing this as one of those fox local news exposés. http://zenentrepreneur.blogspot.com/2011/12/top-10-things-da... Defrosting with the cursor didn't work for me in Firefox either, and Firefox used about 2x the CPU that Chrome did. I see the kickstartr model as something very similar to this, and it has worked well for people without any Hollywood backing or outside advertising. James Rolfe (the angry video game nerd) has raised over $180,000 for his movie http://www.indiegogo.com/Angry-Video-Game-Nerd-The-Movie Jason Scott raised over $100,000 http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/textfiles/the-jason-scot... Even though these projects will probably only break even, these are no small sums of money that people who have never been on broadcast TV are raising. Lots of phones did this before (for instance Sony Ericsson's dumbphone line would multitask J2ME apps, even during calls). What makes this patent valid is they took what existed before, stuck a "BUT THIS TIME ON TOUCHSCREEN PHONES" at the end, and boom we have a new patent. I don't understand how patents like these this count as novel and valid. edit: thinking more about this (but without checking the original patent) this must cover the "call in progress" bar at the top of the screen. I guess that could be seen as a valid innovation, even though IMHO it's a bit too trivial. If you put funds in your Namecheap account in advance, you can auto-renew just fine. And when you add funds, you can use Amex via Google Checkout or Paypal. The 3GS is still being manufactured and sold as new though. iOS can use USB over the dock port, but is subject to strict approval and licensing from Apple which is why there are very few dock port accessories. Meanwhile since Android devices just use microUSB, there's no licensing involved. Google has their own WebGL demo which isn't anything like this http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3106658 Have you reported it to Apple? Isn't he wrong though? What first offended me so much about the original iPhone was just how restricted it was at the behest of AT&T. I can take my Android phone on any carrier and use tethering. I take my iPhone, and it randomly disables tethering depending on the carrier. Apple have also disabled downloads of apps and podcasts over 20 MB on the behest of a single carrier with a poor network (AT&T), applying the restriction to all phones, worldwide. My carrier doesn't care if I happen to download a 100 MB file, why would Apple ever want to restrict that? Google only lets carriers screw with the phones the carriers themselves sell . Which IMHO is the prerogative of the carrier. If people don't want crapware, they don't buy phones from your carrier! Apple lets carriers screw with the feature set of all iPhones, regardless of where you bought it. Yeah, you have to use Wifi to download apps over 20 MB. The podcast restriction only applies to the iTunes app, you can use third-party apps to download larger ones (except in the early days of the App Store, when third party podcast apps were forbidden) Actually IIRC the whole iTunes music store is also disabled when you're on 3G and not Wifi. (edit: double-checked, yeah it's disabled for me http://db.tt/YT0w0rNQ ) I guess that's another thing Apple randomly disable or enable depending on the carrier http://db.tt/YT0w0rNQ I still wish phone manufacturers would take this "world's slimmest technology", and then build a phone that's a regular thickness only with 3x the battery life. You example is "far-fetched"? I hope you're being sarcastic :) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_Live_Streaming "Google's network" could also just mean an App Engine user. I had to look up "useful Arts" in wikipedia, because Lady Gaga doesn't sounds like what the founders would have considered "useful" to me. In the clause, the phrase "useful Arts" is meant to reference inventions, while "Science" is meant to reference human knowledge, including that which is encompassed in literature and the "fine arts". It's interesting that we've interpreted "Science" to mean all of these things. If you were to take the constitution more literally, it would seem that a lot of things that are covered by copyright today oughtn't be, and that copyright would require a system similar to what patent law has today. The Android alarm actually has an option in settings to choose if you want the alarm to override silent or not. More importantly, this finally means that Google+'s Big Push into Japan - their collaboration with J-pop megagroup AKB48 - can be completed, as before most of the members were too young for their own accounts (man, giving over 100 girls Nexus Ss can't be that cheap...) https://plus.google.com/117147321771860727748 Google may already have determined your interests via their Ad profiling. They got me pretty spot-on, you can see what they've pinned you down as liking at http://www.google.com/ads/preferences Well it makes sense, doesn't it? The costs for a mobile network provider are largely fixed and not really tied to consumption (it's maintenance and predictable/steady network upgrades). Calls and SMS don't really cost the network anything (aside from inter-network fees). They're priced in such a way so that with the assumed amount of customers, they'll recoup their fixed costs. If people stop making calls and sending SMS, they lose that predicted income and have to recoup it from other sources (either the fixed monthly fees, data fees, or tacking on bullshit service charges). Well in your example there's really no point in having an "X-" there, "aws-" itself is kind of a vendor prefix, there's no chance of that ever conflicting with a real standard header. Adding "X-" would just be wasting bandwidth. My anecdotal evidence co-incides with this, I used to use Android and had barely any crashes (the only ones were generally specifically reproducable bugs), and now I use iOS and I see a lot more. I always attributed it to memory management - manual memory management is simply a lot easier to f' up than garbage collection. Meanwhile Android apps are slower and probably consume more memory. It's all tradeoffs. Wouldn't Firewire Target Disk mode just give them the encrypted data, i.e. useless? The admin passwords are stored on the encrypted partition. edit: I guess your edits deprecate my reply I imagine that Facebook are largely just trying to cover their asses. While we have these mothers who are proud to be breastfeeding, there are just as many other prudish mothers who are ready to sue Facebook for allowing their 13-year old to see gasp a breast. And while Facebook may be fine with breastfeeding mothers, they don't want to support their cause financially with their legal department. It doesn't seem like it'd be that hard to add a "render" button. I thought this wasn't a valid use of multitasking by the App Store rules? Are Apple just not policing multitasking use at all right now? edit: does this fall under "Local notifications"? > Multitasking apps may only use background services for their intended purposes: VoIP, audio playback, location, task completion, local notifications, etc. This could also be seen as violating this > Apps that provide Push Notifications without using the Apple Push Notification (APN) API will be rejected If WebKit didn't include vendor prefixes in stable releases, we'd still be here 6 years after they first implemented it putting PNG files in the corners of all our divs. The problems are the standards aren't there. The standards organization is just way too slow. I think it's pretty well known that for most use cases, cloud hosting is more expensive than dedicated hardware. That said, we're currently moving from a dedicated server to AWS, after we had a bit of nasty downtime. We have dedicated servers with 1and1, and the RAID in our server died and striped bad data all over one of the disks, slashing half the files with junk. 1and1 tech support refused to acknowledge the problem (and claimed we had software RAID setup…) and it took us a few days to get back online from our weekly backups. What I'm hoping from Amazon as a cloud provider is handling failure better: With 1and1, a failed machine means a few days getting a new one, or paying double for a hot spare. With Amazon, even if dead instances happen more often, killing it and spinning up a new one is trivial, and can even be automated. Backups can be made much more often non-intrusively by using snapshots. For reliability's sake I also like the idea of having a few small instances behind Elastic Load Balancer instead of one beefy machine. I haven't seen anything like ELB with a dedicated hosting provider (aside from using an actual load balancer, which is a very expensive proposition). Of course, not having to plan your capacity so far in advance and being able to start small and scale out at the drop of a hat if something on your server goes viral is a really exciting proposition as well. I never use Launchpad, but I'm glad it's there since I've always had trouble explaining the Applications folder vs the Dock to people, and Launchpad solves that very nicely for non-technical people (especially ones with iPhones/iPads). Maybe an ATM manufacturer trying to add some flair to their standby displays One town in the UK rebranded their Libraries to "Idea Stores" http://www.ideastore.co.uk/ It seems this would be a small problem if Tesla informed their owners about it clearly (and adding a decent status display to the car to warn when it's not charging enough/how long until full battery depletion). As it seems now, Tesla owners are liable to the tune of $40K for doing something they don't know is bad. I would love to get this compiled and running under modern OS X, but it looks like quite a lot of the app depends on stuff in the nib, and XCode/Interface Builder's file format has changed so many times since then that there's no way to convert it. Anyone have a bunch of old Macs with varying old versions of IB/XCode installed to bring the nib in there up to a modern format, one version at a time? And sometimes the fleecing is just fleecing. Buying Photoshop, U.S. English language, as a digital download from Adobe.com costs literally 100% more if my billing country is "Sweden" instead of "United States". Even Sweden doesn't have a 100% VAT. And digital downloads have no duty fees or international logistics costs. New Oxford American Dictionary: ORIGIN Middle English: from French batterie, from battre ‘to strike,’ from Latin battuere. The original sense was ‘metal articles wrought by hammering,’ later ‘a number of pieces of artillery used together’; on this was based a sense ‘a number of Leyden jars connected up so as to discharge simultaneously’ (mid 18th cent.), from which sense 1 developed. The general meaning ‘a set or series of similar units’ ( sense 3) dates from the late 19th cent. I figure that it's probably that at 41MP, there's tons of noise, but using those 41 MP as oversampling and resampling it to 5 MP (which appears to be the default and suggested setting), it gives superior low-light performance (as he demos in the video with the pictures taken at midnight) edit: at 2:30 he says "It's not about putting loads and loads of megapixels into a device, it's about how you use them" The Japan iTunes music store is still mostly FairPlay-protected. So far this works well for free apps, but nobody has really cracked the "make people painlessly pay for web apps" thing yet. It was true back then though. Try running this in the browser on the original iPhone. Volvos (among others I presume, since this feature is 4 years old by now) do that http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPO6iRetpyc To be honest, mass assignment sounds like Rails' own "register_globals". The default should be conservative and disallow setting any fields, instead of allowing anything to be changed. And we'll never be able to go back and "re-film" "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" on 32mm, it'll forever be marred by grain and poor low-light performance of 16mm. I guess I'm not sure what your point is. The best digital can present is currently worse than the best film can present, yes. That doesn't mean we shouldn't use it. Since Lion, nettop ships with the system. Hit d to switch to delta instead of total usage, p for human-readable numbers, and left arrow to collapse into process names. The Sony Ericsson MBW200-series are probably the least "techy-looking" bluetooth watches http://www.inglue.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/sony-ericss... The way I've had it explained to me is that the pricing is high because the Japanese market will bear it, and so lowering the prices on the Japanese market would hurt profits. When they've experimented with selling U.S. DVDs cheaper, Japanese fans have imported them at the lower price, killing sales of the more profitable Japanese region version. One way they've attempted to mitigate this is to make the DVDs unattractive to Japanese buyers using the methods you describe such as having dubbed audio with no Japanese sound option, or delaying the release. edit: the japanese market's willingness to pay high media prices is explained on page 2 of the article The current use of QR codes in Japan seems to mainly be for specials, bargains and contests tied to a physical location (i.e. you don't want it to spread virally). For instance, when a new single is released, they'll put up QR codes that link to random cell phone wallpaper downloads in different record stores, to get you to go around and collect them all (and presumably spend money). For regular ads, it seems advertisers have moved to the method of showing a picture of a search bar+button with the keywords to find the homepage pre-filled out. (URLs are much harder to remember than words, especially when you barely know any english). I think this practice has come with the rise of smartphones and laptops). I have lined up for a QR code here. But the site it linked to didn't support smartphone... Why isn't there a standardized self-publish DRM-free platform for this stuff yet? I have lots of time I want to spend distracting myself, but not enough content to fill it without pirating. Got a Rails 500 error after paying, but just refreshing the page got me through. The page has a humans.txt, but it looks like it's just the blank template(?) Does anyone know how much disk space a map tile set of the whole world takes up? It obviously depends wholly on zoom levels, etc, but if anyone has done this themselves I'd love to hear more about their experience. Isn't "they could serve direct links as static HTML" the whole point of this discussion? That writing the whole app as JavaScript only is too slow? In any case, Gmail is not a good example to support your case since it loads just as slowly as Twitter does, with a progress bar and everything. If you haven't seen Twitter errors recently that just means you haven't been working with the Twitter API enough. I believe in this debate "GNU" refers to the Hurd kernel, not the userland. Hurd did turn out out to be a spectacular failure. > does the CDMA module only work if you bought the phone from a CDMA network operator Yes. They program it with your subscriber number at purchase. Technically they could reprogram phones not sold by them with your subscriber number, but they don't (to force you to give them more money). There does exist a CDMA version of the SIM (RUIM? something like that). China Mobile uses it, and I think au/kddi do too. American carriers do not. "Why isn’t Apple fighting to kill the SIM cards?" They tried: http://blogs.wsj.com/tech-europe/2011/05/24/apple-wanted-to-... Personally I'm a big supporter of SIM cards. While competing network systems (CDMA, iDEN) were designed to lock in networks and users to a single vendor, GSM was designed by a consortium of european national telecoms at every single layer to ensure that all the stakeholders (users, telecoms, regulators) had as much interoperability and freedom as possible, and SIM cards are the user's end of that plan. If Apple implemented his proposal, you can bet iPhone users would only be able to pick special overpriced iPhone plans, instead of just using whatever prepaid plan they want. A suggestion: Make a better (cuter) icon. I scrolled right past it in the app store search results because it looked like a spam app. Now that it's installed it looks like a server remote control control app or something. A little off-topic, but HN gets so many slideshows posted so I have to ask this: Why don't any of these slide sharing services have a decent "all on one page" option, or a powerpoint-style outline view? (this one has some SEO-text of all the slides at the bottom, but it's not very readable) I really hate clicking next-next-next through individual slides that are pointless when you don't have a presenter talking. They actually have a compatibility package[1] to let apps use the new tablet layout classes on Android versions back to 1.6. Developers have no excuse. [1] http://developer.android.com/sdk/compatibility-library.html Do "most Android phones" really get their time automatically GPS? On all the ones I've used (HTC Hero, Xperia X10, Xperia Arc), I had to set the time manually (and ended up using ClockSync) edit: the bug tracker issue linked in the article seems to suggest it's a problem with Motorola phones only http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=5485 I don't know how the US-designed versions of NFC work, but the NFC (mobile suica train pass/7-11 nanaco/yodobashi point card) on my Japanese phone works even if the battery is removed completely. Predatory Pricing is illegal in many countries http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Predatory_pricing What I'm curious about why it is fragmentation is such an issue on mobile devices, when it was never this big a deal on desktops. Outside of cutting-edge 3D games, Windows developers don't need to have 100 laptops to test all the different hardware permutations for their software. Japan is full of stuff, also check Osaka, Kyoto, Mt Fuji, Miyajima, etc Interesting, if you look at Pyongyang (North Korea), it has a bunch of labels that don't show if you use their regular maps. They're quite detailed too, it shows "Statue 2 of 'The Newly Freed Proletariat Thanks To The Grat Leader Kim Il-Sung'", schools and such. They must have hidden map data they don't show normally that leaked into this map. http://g.co/maps/tg9jy Ironically, that Cult of Mac article has an apptap ad for Girls Around Me… They added a feature to let you change the weather if you don't like it. Screenshots if you're not seeing it: http://imgb.mp/h8k.jpg http://imgb.mp/h8l.jpg And to this day, two-way contact sync is still not a solved problem. Just the other week, iCloud duplicated all my GF's contacts... I spent 5 years in a Computer Science & Engineering degree before I dropped out due to not having passed a single maths/calculus course (50% of the credit). I passed all the computing courses, I just don't have the head (and patience) for maths. Contrary to many reports here, I found my time at uni quite rewarding. My professors had ties to local businesses (Ericsson/Sony Mobile) keeping the coursework relevant (one course actually covered programming in a team. 8 hours solid every Monday working in a team competing with other teams against a "customer", using XP methodology, pair programming, source control, the whole hog). I learned things in algorithms courses, optimizing compilers courses, networking (build an HTTP server device from MAC up), circuits (build a programmable computer on a breadboard starting with just a pile of transistors and working up, including all the boolean logic/karnaugh maps) The only course that was out of date was web programming. Seemed like it was from the late 90's, teaching neural networks and agents and things. Definitely not, I mean, even web hosts and colocation centers will oversell their bandwidth. That said, I ran a internet radio station + free image host node on my residential connection and was pushing a few TB/mo up and never got any complaints. And BitTorrent is obviously quite popular in Sweden so I'm sure there's a bunch of seeding going on. I'd be surprised of most people chose cable over fiber - everyone I know choses to download TV after it airs in America instead of paying comhem 500 kr/mo for shows that are 2 years out of date. But true, while 100/100 Mbit is commonly an option in big cities (when I looked for an apartment in Malmö a few years ago, all the ones I looked at had 100M-1Gbit), I'm sure most people go for the cheaper 100/10 option, since most people aren't uploading anything. One friend has 250/50, which seems like a good compromise. It's on connections like this where Peer-to-Peer systems like BitTorrent really come into your own. While no one server will saturate your 100 Mbit connection, 50 peers on your same ISP surely will. Sony Ericsson's old dumbphones (before they went Android-only) also allowed recording of calls and it'd also play the same beep. I wonder why both the current (US-based) top smartphones OSes dropped this feature? The low-level programmer isn't gone, but over the past decade we've seen the rise of the meteoric rise of the high-level programmer. For instance working on web apps, when you an extra server costs $400/month (4 developer hours or less), what value is there in spending days hand-optimizing an algorithm (into a form that'll be harder to debug later)? Another example: writing mobile apps. On a phone today you have 1 GHz of power, but still a very limited interaction model. It seems basically only games actually need to optimize for performance. Microsoft acknowledge that PST files can corrupt when they hit the 2 GB limit in Outlook Standard Edition 97, 98, 2000, 2002: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/296088 : "This problem occurs because the .pst and the .ost files have a 2 gigabyte (GB) size limitation, and the error message occurs when it is exceeded. " Want me to work at your company? Don't ask these questions Here's a debunking of Eamonn Fingleton who is interviewed on that show http://spikejapan.wordpress.com/2012/01/15/spiked-eamonn-fin... > The bottom line is there still is enough complexity that this needs to be done manually I would have said "The bottom line is there is still enough complexity that this needs to be done by machine". We have machines simulating weather patterns . Is tax code that much more complicated? I'm pretty sure most other countries do this. In Sweden when you get your tax papers, you can SMS in a printed code to approve the pre-printed numbers, and your taxes are done. Steve Jobs wanted to offer people "Freedom from Porn". Seems he was pretty conservative in his older days (I got this impression from his biography as well, but I can't back that up). http://gawker.com/5539717/steve-jobs-offers-world-freedom-fr... Generally SMS are free to receive even while roaming (for countries where SMS are free to receive, i.e. places that aren't North America) > It's a cliche, but it was 911 that turned the world from a certain to an uncertain place. Now people are hankering for simpler times. I have to call you out on this. What the heck are you talking about? Amazon are looking to make money off the books, not the device (they're basically the opposite of Apple). The Kindle device price is trending towards zero - a lot of good money is betting that Amazon will eventually give it away for free, making all their money back on book purchases. In Greece they crowdsource the tax enforcement by requiring everyone to submit a stack (to a certain amount of euros) of purchase receipts with their tax filing. This is to ensure that customers always ask for receipts, so that stores always enter everything into the register (which goes into the store's tax filing). Wasteful empire-building and waste-what's-left-of-my-budget-so-I-don't-lose-it-next-quarter is so common in private businesses it's even a recurring joke in Dilbert http://dilbert.com/fast/2012-04-07/ > Right now, use Skype. But it will not hold the market when more robust, flexible, decentralised, transparent services are ready for non-technical users. You forgot "easy to use", "fun" and "attractive". Normal people don't care about those things you said. Then have fun signing up for Dropbox on you iPhone using IAP and then only getting to use Dropbox on you iOS devices (no Macs or PCs or the web), since IAPs aren't allowed to give you services outside the app > 11.3 Apps using IAP to purchase physical goods or goods and services used outside of the application will be rejected In app purchases are simply a wildly inadequate solution for many apps and services, and Apple forcing everyone to use them is absurd and helps nobody. You just convinced me more than ever > they'd make it impossible to uninstall or remove Safari from the desktop or dock, You can't remove the iTunes store from the iOS desktop, even if you only use Spotify. You can't remove Newsstand either. I'm kinda surprised that iBooks hasn't been baked-in yet, but I'm sure it's only a matter of time. > and switch Chrome and Firefox for Safari as your default browser every time you upgraded Safari (which would be every time you patched). Apple rejects alternative web browsers on iOS outright, and there's no way to replace any of the default Apple associations > Every time a mew version of OSX shipped, competing third party apps would become unstable. Every time a new version of iOS ships, apps get removed from the store for "bugs" and it takes a week to get them re-approved. > Software compiled with non Apple tools would generate bogus error messages on pre-release copies of OSX. Software compiled with non Apple tools WERE 100% BANNED FROM THE APP STORE for a while. > Apple would develop its own version of Java that ran faster but encouraged developers to use features not available in Java. See Apple embrace and extending HTML5/CSS with pre-standard stuff like canvas, 3D css transforms, etc, so that sites with cool designs only work on Apple browsers. > They'd also bundle apps together so that anyone buying Apple's popular video editor, say, would have a free image editing and page layout programs. iWork/iLife for OS X? > They'd steal code from third party developers and turn them into free add ons for their OSes. Oh and they'd simply kill off competitors by releasing free clones of their products. Apple banning Camera+ from the iOS store, and then turning around and adding the feature that got the App banned into their system Camera app, without even an apology. Also, Classics -> iBooks. The pre-Jobs-return Apple used to buy apps instead of just cloning them, like MenuClock, the hierarchical Apple menu, Stickies, etc. Then Jobs came back and they just said fuck it and ripped off Watson with Sherlock, then ripped off Konfabulator with Dashboard, etc, simply screwing over 3rd party developers because they could. > They'd license their OS to hardware vendors on the condition that those vendors pay a license fee for every box shipped even if it didn't have the OS installed. They take a 30% cut of content sales on iOS, and then completely forbid sellers from having lower prices on other platforms that don't have the 30% apple tax, in effect applying the 30% apple tax even on other platforms. This conveniently causes major hassles to competitors to Apple's built in services such as iBooks or iTunes, which don't have to pay a third party a 30% overhead, in effect killing Kindle and music store alternatives. > When successfully sued for misconduct, they'd pay some of the fines in the form of strategic donations of software to their competitors' best customers. It'll be interesting to see the outcomes of the current Patent lawsuits They didn't classify Opera Mini as a browser since it doesn't interpret HTML or Javascript on the phone, that's done on a server. Opera Mobile is still banned. Also, this also shows you can't change the http link association in iOS. I thought the issues with blobs in databases is that when you pull a file out of a DB to serve it on a website, you get something like this: 1. Database pulls file off disk, or out of cache, reads into memory buffer 2. Memory buffer is copied to a new buffer in SQL client library (over a socket or whatever) 3. Memory buffer is copied to a new buffer in your scripting language 4. Which is then written to the web server's memory buffer, where it gets served to the client. Which ends up being a whole lot of copying (and a whole lot of work even when the data is cached in the DB) compared to: 1. Web server mmap's file 2. Web server streams file out to client Is this situation no longer true? Are there newer tools that handle "serve a file from a BLOB" more efficiently? Do they also handle things like seeking (resumes) in a non-wasteful manner? Or is memory performance so good and the blobs we're talking about so small (bytes, not kilobytes) that it doesn't matter? My problem with the autocomplete is it loves "fixing" words it doesn't know. I never had this problem with the autocorrect in SwiftKey on Android, which was always really good at know when it was wanted and when I was typing something else. The other thing I hate about autocorrect is how I have to move my finger to the other side of the screen to say "no I don't want to correct to that". Android keyboards put the correction suggestions right above the keyboard for quick access. I have toubles typing the tiny blue "x" on the iPhone, and half the time accept the incorrect correction by mistake. Taken together with the small screen, this making typing on an iPhone massively more frustrating than to the Android I switched from. I find that most countries do have way too many denominations to keep track of. Sweden has slowly been removing coins as inflation creeps up, and we've ended up with: Coin 1 kr (15¢) 5 kr (70¢) 10 kr ($1.50) Bills: 20 kr ($3) 50 kr ($7) 100 kr ($15) 200 kr ($30, to be introduced next year) 500 kr ($73) And it works well, change is easy to use so you don't end up with too much of it (no jars of pennies), there aren't any coins with basically no value, and I find the split between coins/bills to be well-placed. Now if only we could get those nice polymer notes that Australia/Singapore has... I think Japan needs to ditch all the coins you can't even use in vending machines, so the 1 yen and 5 yen need to go. Where's the no payment option? Only when you set up a new iOS device? http://imgb.mp/ic5.jpg Ah sneaky, it only shows up if you try to buy a free app (doesn't show up if you just select "Create Account") You could just indicate when you're going to be home and they can drive by at that time. In Japan, all the delivery services let you indicate a precise 2-hour window when you want the delivery. With automated drivers, this could be feasible in the U.S. as well. I'm not great with linux (just use it for home fileservers and the like), and for me it's generally a rule that debian distupgrades go catastrophically wrong (libc going out of sync and half the binaries on the system wouldn't run, that kind of thing). It's not foolproof like an OS X or Windows upgrade. Because with Microsoft they actually have a chance of changing things. Apple are a completely lost cause when it comes to freedom. But no alternative rendering engines (all the alternative browsers are just UIWebViews save for Opera Mini which Apple don't classify as a browser since it doesn't do any rendering locally), and the alternative browsers have worse performance than Safari due to the sandbox disallowing some optimizations allowed in Safari. > To apple's credit, they've provided a web standards based browser to a mobile landscape that didn't have one (at the time) and which spawned many other web standards based browsers like Chrome. As I recall it, Nokia started using WebKit on Symbian before the iPhone came out. Apple is on e side of a certain kind of consumer. The kind that gets confused by choice (since you might make the wrong one). As someone who only receives packages, I also hate courier services with a burning rage. My FedEx guy used to have a cell phone he'd use to call me (on fedex packages from Amazon, they print the delivery phone number) as he was coming around to my place to make sure I was ready and not on the john or something. It was great. Then FedEx thought good service was too expensive and removed their phones, causing me to miss half my packages because I had headphones on or something. I then moved to an apartment building with an intercom system. Every time I got a delivery it'd first fail with "we don't have the PIN code for your building". Every time I'd have to call them and tell them to use the intercom to call my apartment. I've seen some good solutions though: - In Sweden, the regular postal system shut down all their post offices and started offering their services instead through local supermarkets, convenience stores, gas stations etc. So what happens when you get a package mailed to you is that you get a SMS message or a paper slip in your mailbox with a code, and then you go to the store it was sent to to pick it up (for me it's always been the supermarket I go to daily to shop anyway, at most a 5 minute walk). The bonus of not being in a dedicated post office is the hours of supermarkets are far far better than the post offices ever were. - In Japan, the domestic courier services let you pick a date and 2/3-hour window for delivery in advance. I've never had them miss the window. If you miss a delivery, you can reschedule it online, often to the very next delivery window on the same day. You can sign up online to get "missed delivery"/etc notifications by email. I still think those «buggy, dangerous "mission critical" piles of garbage» are valuable. If there was no VBA, the jobs these scripts were created for would still be done manually, with a mouse, by some secretary somewhere. "Getting a professional to do it" would never enter into the picture when you're talking about a BigCorp with a conservative, limited-budget IT department. It seems that most insurance in the U.S. already covers this, but RelayRides fear that with enough of these cases the insurance companies will change the plans to ban the practice of loaning out cars to strangers, thus ruining their business. Look at the chart of device models: http://opensignalmaps.com/reports/fragmentation.php While the top 10 most popular devices are all high end, just look at how much of the market the low-end, low-volume devices make up. It's at least a fourth of all devices, and I imagine if you count former top-end devices which sell for cheaper now, half the market was sold below the high-end. Even among the popular devices there at lots of cheaper ones in there, Samsung along have a raft of lower cost devices that are quite popular on there (Ace, Marvel, Galaxy Y) Up until February this year, Sony didn't manufacture any phones. I remember a time before Jobs returned when Apple would buy the third-party apps that they put into their OS, instead of just ripping them off. ...which happened after Steve came back to Apple. Before that they bought software like MenuClock, the Hierarchical Apple Menu, WindowShade, Stickies, etc. Good point. I guess the difference is those are apps they couldn't recreate themselves for cheaper than the purchase cost, whereas they used to buy trivial apps (MenuClock being a good example of that). Mechanical wrist watches still exist in appreciable numbers because they've become fashion items. Feature phones aren't fashion items. I'm sorry, but in a few years you won't be able to buy a feature phone. Smartphones will get better battery life, screens etc as costs come down (and the third world gets richer) and technology marches on. And if you happen to live outside of the U.S., you get to pay twice a much for the exact same digital download. Adobe make it really difficult to want to buy their products. But will you find it? I don't care much how the apps I use look either, but when I'm scrolling through search results in the store, I'll skim right over the apps with cheap icons, because I'll presume they're poorly-made spamware (since generally, that's true). This year, 10 out of the 26 songs were written by Swedes, so it's kind of hard for us to avoid voting for them. You can't use them in tandem anymore if you want to enable automatic download. Then iOS locks you to one account for 90 days. It's slightly disingenuous to say "none of which was taxed" when each store and regional organization does pay taxes in the country they're located. The part that's not taxed are the royalty fees paid from each store (franchise system) to the parent corporation (which of course is still a massive amount). "Out of a lineup, I couldn’t tell you the name of the most recent compared to the name of the oldest" This is going to sound silly later this year when Apple starts calling all their iPhones "the new iPhone". Whenever I shop on a site that has the option of typing in my credit card details vs pressing a "Pay with PayPal" button, I always go for the latter, since I'm lazy. Looking at the stats from my job, I'm definitely not alone. And Facebook already have "Like" buttons all over the web. They could steal Flattr's model in an instant and make it a huge success. Works fine in Readability http://rdd.me/lss8mv91 It's also the only plug that'll wake the neighbors when you step on it going to the loo in the middle of the night. That solves a different problem though - the problem of touching the prongs by mistake when fumbling with a plug. I imagine there's no polarity in european plugs because the "use a third lead for grounding" solution was chosen right away instead of trying to patch things with forced polarity first (possibly with the prior knowledge of incidents from the U.S. - kind of like how PAL could avoid the issues inherent in NTSC) edit: looks like my assumptions may be wrong - the Schuko patent predates the grounded NEMA plug patent by 2 years. But who knows how ideas like this spread back then... This is the kind of history I'd love to read a book on. Really? Aside from white goods, it seems most things these days are multi-voltage. And even then, it's still mainly North America that strays more than 10% from the standard http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Weltkarte_der_Netzspannung... Try view source and you can see how it's built. Simplified, SVG could be described as "like HTML only with shapes". That looks amazing, I wonder why it hasn't been commercialized yet. Too expensive? I get 30% CPU usage while it's still downloading/buffering the file data, but once it's only decoding it settles down to 3-4% An empty alt can also just mean "I used a tool to generate this and didn't fill out the alt field" or "I just want this page to validate and still don't care". Making the alt tag required won't make lazy developers/content providers any less lazy, so requiring it actually weakens the signal you're looking for. And requiring alt means you lose that signal, since content providers will continue to be lazy and leave the alt blank, so now all images look like they're decorative, instead of some being "we don't know". You can't solve a social problem (content providers who don't care) with a technical limitation (required alt tags). Because they're all using wordpress/blogger/etc which put it in for them. But if they leave out alt="", then they won't validate. What are they supposed to do, force the user to enter text? Then you'll end up with alt="sldfjsjf". > But, male or female, somebody shouldn't have to say "back off" to get some respect. Is this really true? I've had it pounded into my head my whole childhood that you have to stand up for yourself to get any respect in this world. It's the theme of basically any coming-of-age movie. If that's what has to change for equality to work, then I think we're doomed. Damn, now I'm really in the mood for some Mos Burger. Fast food that looks exactly like their pictures. http://www.flickr.com/photos/kalleboo/5997808382/lightbox/ Still feels like 2002 in here, 800px max width and all. I guess because I'm in Europe? http://imgb.mp/imA.jpg One thing I've not seen addressed about these new proposals are how cross-domain cookie wildcards are going to be handled. Right now all the major browsers have large tables they've manually compiled to make sure you can't register a cookie on say, .ac.uk, or .pp.se to track people across domains. Who is going to manage the security of these new TLDs? This isn't a huge story, but IMHO, people living week-to-week not being able to get their child tax credit and buying food kinds trumps "people couldn't post what they had for lunch for 2 hours". The HN discussion about the Twitter story was "twitter doesn't lose any money when they're down for 2 hours, so full uptime isn't essential". So what happens when a bank's wire transfer and debit card infrastructure is down for a day or more? Could they afford the fix that would prevent it? Will they publish a report on what went wrong and how they'll prevent it in the future? Seems much more interesting to me... But why are humans are very good at that? Could it be because humans have gotten tons of high-resolution, 3D imagery with binaural audio? Whereas this computer got a handful of low-res still images. Is the solution to just throw more horsepower at the problem, or is there really some inherent quality of the brain that's different? edit: this quote puts things into perspective a bit "It is worth noting that our network is still tiny compared to the human visual cortex, which is 1,000,000 times larger in terms of the number of neurons and synapses." > No one should ever be happy about working for free Why does "crunching" have to mean working for free? I didn't see anything about that in the article. If my house lock automatically rejected anyone it arbitrarily deemed "morally suspect", I'd sure as heck want control over it. These videos were more interesting than the OP. Hearing him geek out about all the things he's tried to make it work well makes me really excited for the stuff that's in the pipeline. I was going to mention SEO and use the example of googling for "click here", but I was surprised how the wikipedia article on the phenomenon in the OP ("Mystery meat navigation"[1]) actually managed to make it to #3, amidst downloads for Acrobat Reader, QuickTime, Java runtime etc. How did Google manage that? I'm impressed. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mystery_meat_navigation Mac OS X? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Type_Identifier If this works as well as the hype, it'll still be highly directional, right? So it'll be great for things like backhaul networks, satellite linkups etc, but it won't solve the problem of mobile wireless access (WiFi/LTE/etc). Or am I missing something? I had my test message arrive straight away... Into their "Other" folder which doesn't generate notifications and nobody ever checks manually. If we're going to be technical, since they don't run a PC BIOS (they use the newer EFI), they're not compatible with the original IBM PC. These "facists" and "nazis" are there as a reaction to the EU. They're the only ones people can vote for to express a negative opinion on the EU. If the EU disappears, they'll have survive on their actual ideology instead, and then they'll disappear again. And regarding the financials, the EEA and Schengen are perfectly fine. Norway, Switzerland etc don't have significantly higher barriers to trade. Personally I'm pro-european state. But it's dangerous having one as anti-democratic as the current EU, and I don't believe it's possible to change the current one, it needs to be torn down and rebuilt. This is very nice! I could use this for Tokyo... some of those stations are a good 15 minute walk. The window isn't that narrow, I think it can still pose a problem. Last time I left my phone on by mistake in my bag, when I picked it up I had "Welcome to X country! Your roaming rates here are..." from 3 different countries, none of which were the starting or landing countries. You can override the default caching when you're using a UIWebView as well. Cell phone operators had "java stores" that were just as easy to operate (and would even just show up on your monthly bill, so no credit card needed). It's just the iPhone was the first platform good enough that people wanted to buy apps for. I travel a lot and have to use UIs in several languages, and being able to copy the text on button labels (or graphs!) to paste it into a dictionary is very important to me. On some sites I have to fall back to using the web inspector and it's just as annoying every time. If the RIAA can sue Limewire for more than the GDP of this entire planet[1] for damages from file sharing, surely Apple can sue Samsung for downstream damages within their ecosystem. [1] http://www.pcworld.com/article/223431/riaa_thinks_limewire_o... Statcounter claim to adjust for chrome's prefetching, but they never said how (headers?) Why do you say 90%? Also, do you mean worldwide or U.S. consumers in particular? There's definitely several grades of taste. In the U.S. I've had massive, red strawberries. They look gorgeous. But they taste like water compared to the comparatively "ugly" ones back home in Sweden. But then I pick an orange off a tree here in Greece, and it's unlike any orange I've ever eaten. Eating an orange is like drinking a glass of freshly-squeezed juice, only there's no need to add sugar or anything. Of course, to get Oranges up to Sweden, they need to be picked early, and they get to ripen in the back of a truck... And then we have the modern expectation of being able to get anything out-of-season, I'm sure that also causes farmers to pick breeds that grow well, but taste less. OWC sell an upgrade for the Air's SSD, I imagine it's just a matter of time until there's one available for the retina pro http://eshop.macsales.com/shop/SSD/OWC/Aura_Pro_Express You shutdown your laptop? Why don't you power off the iPad? > Can you think of examples of any open source standards that emerged from pasting on an open source strategy later? I ask because I can't think of any, but I may be wrong. Does Java count, or did the recent Oracle lawsuits kill that one? Class names can crop up during execution as well though. This is valid PHP: $classname = $row_I_got_from_mysql['classname']; $object = new $classname; I'm sure this can still be solved though. It's not trivial, but it's not "takes over 9 years to fix" complex either. If this is such a dealbreaker for developers in Turkey, why have none of them, in the 10 years this bug has been alive, submitted a patch for it? PHP is open source, it relies on code submissions. edit: not trolling, just curious. What drives people to complain about specific, well-defined open source bugs without any effort to fix it? I understand hard-to-nail down issues like user experience, but this shouldn't be that hard to plan out and fix independently. Interestingly, for me Chrome used less than 2% CPU (didn't show up in my top 5 apps), but it responded slowly, presumably due to the GPU being very busy. Indeed, Apple have a very explicit message on the download page for all iOS betas to not use it on a device that's not solely dedicated to testing. The generator thing confused me a bit. It seems like the main issue wasn't that the generators failed, but that they took far longer to spin up than expected, so the automatic switchover failed to take, and they had to do a manual switchover at a later point (at which point the UPSes had already started failing). Or am I reading it wrong? I wonder what the additional cost would be to leave a generator running 24/7 (at minimal load), so you never have an issue with spinning them up. Are they designed to run 24/7/365, or will they wear out too quickly? Going to a WWDC lab is basically the only way to guarantee an acknowledgement of a bug from Apple. Too bad it costs thousands of dollars and you have a 2 hour window in which to seize your chance. I remember Sherlock being widely derided as a ripoff of the shareware app "Watson". http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karelia_Watson All the Javascript on the site is broken when your browser locale is set to Japanese, it seems like cfmessage_ja.js is corrupted: http://imgb.mp/ipz.jpg I can't get "$" or "* a" to activate on my Swedish keyboard, where they're typed option-4 and shift-', respectively. Dealing with keyboard-shortcuts and international keyboard is hard , I don't think I've ever gotten an app using ctrl-[ to work right. edit: $ highlights when I type shift-4, while that's actually supposed to produce € And on my Swedish keyboard you type "[" with alt-8, so when I press ctrl-alt-8, all bets are off. > Linus Torvalds is not a mocking nerd Really? I thought he notorious for abrasive replies telling people they're idiots for using C++, etc. So are the price per unit stickers in U.S. stores voluntary or is there some consumer protection law that forces them to be there? In Sweden they have to have them by law, and there are specific units that must be used by product category (generally the SI base units, and then for things like washing powder "$/wash"). > We've also seen our image server's RAID array go from being relatively idle to getting absolutely slammed Sounds like it is? How are you adding together the Chrome processes? Often when you look at the memory usage of a process, it'll incude all the shared libraries it's using. So if you add together multiple processes, you'll multiply the memory used by that shared library by the number of processes you're adding, even though that memory is, well, shared. I'd rather be on the subway... 2: So I'm lying in a hospital bed, bald and vomiting in a bucket and I'm supposed to go to court to continue to afford treatment? We're also not supporting the original iPad on some new apps since the hardware is too underpowered to deliver great performance, and we believe it'll quickly become a liability in the future (better to have not supported it from the beginning than having to drop support a few versions down the line). You can replace the global NSURLCache with a custom implementation, and trap all the connections in there. We use it to replace online resources with resources we've prepackaged in the bundle when possible. And even among those who do, a lot of that will be purchased music, movies etc that they can dedup. edit: not to mention shared folders. 45 GB of my account is a shared folder from work, which is probably shared among 10 users who all have to pay for the same data I can't recall of it was Dropbox or one of the other services, but I read they blocked up the files into blocks of a certain size. As long as the MP3 header doesn't change size (they usually contain padding or are at the end of the file to avoid this) it would just be one block that changed. Half a meg each? Even my cell phone takes 2-3 MB photos. And then if use iPhoto or something, it stores the original and edited photos separately. My humble personal iPhoto library is 65 GB. I really really wish the flattr model would take off for stuff like this. Each and every site having a huge fundraiser once a year like this seems unsustainable. Yeah, it can be nigh-impossible to get vacation time in Japan. Add to that the loyalty to their employer (I call it stockholm syndrome) and many won't even ask. My girlfriend is lucky if she gets 2-3 weekend days free a month, let alone any vacation days. On top of that it's not unusual to have to leave home before 5 AM only to not get home again until after 8 PM. For 2-3 days in a row. And she's not especially well-paid either. My and her mother keep prodding her to quit, but of course her position in the company is essential and she'd never want to "betray" her employer. No matter what explanation I try, she doesn't understand how it's her employer who's exploiting her... > It imposes a transaction cost on the tipper -- "is this work the click?" Since you have a set monthly amount that's just split up among your clicks, I don't see how that's true. You can click on every single site you browse to and it'll just split up your $15/mo "web budget" thinner and thinner among the sites. This has nothing to do with hardware, this is an OS issue. You can still install Windows 8 or Linux on these machines. The Swedish telco Telia converted all their phone booths to Wifi hotspots a few years ago, but it's a pay service. Exactly, switching jobs is generally not an option. Sadly for many japanese, they see suicide as an easier out than trying to find a new job. Long hours and no vacation also clearly lead to depression. I'd rather see my gf drop down to a part-time job (baito) than give up completely. This company kind of sucks. They dangle the typical japanese seniority pyramid in front of hires, but my girlfriend has been at this for 10 years now and it's not leading anywhere nice. I've also Tokyo seems more westernized in both culture and business, I guess due to offices having a lot of competition from foreign headquarters? Sadly, my girlfriend lives in Kagoshima, at the ass-end of backwardness. Convincing her parents that I'm not going to murder their daughter is going to be hard enough! (Japanese news media's treatment of foreigners is rivaled only by Fox News I think). As a white, european male, it's been enlightening being at this end of racism. For many many years it has been. People'd get picked up fresh from college and they'd be part of the companies "family". Nowadays, especially after the financial crisis... not so much. Companies now only hire part-timers so they can fire them at will. Youth unemployment is skyrocketing as in many other countries. On the other hand if you join a startup in the EU vs. the US, you're nor forfeiting a health plan, and even if the startup goes bust you have the social welfare system to ensure it doesn't put you on the streets. So I imagine it hinders people from creating startups, but at the same time it helps hire people into them. I have a hard time imagining a world where nobody worked for anyone else. Who would drive the garbage truck? I had an HP that didn't even work properly with a clean install of Windows 7 Pro (it came with 7 Home...). Audio over HDMI would bug out after a while with any drivers that didn't come on that HP "restore" partition. We'd probably still have floppy drives too… Full episodes on their website play fine in any country there's no local distributor making claims on the show. I've watched online episodes on their site in Greece, Japan, etc. Well, until now that is. But you can't upgrade them. I just added 4 GB of RAM and an SSD to my mom's 4-year-old MBP, ensuring it'll last another 3-4 years. 2 GB RAM and a 5400rpm drive just wasn't cutting it anymore. Several of my friends extended the lives of their MacBooks by replacing the DVD with a secondary SSD. Apple's new generation design of Macs have soldered-in RAM and a proprietary disk. Will we be able to upgrade them in 4 years? edit: Imagine if you could upgrade the RAM in an iPad. I could still have used my original iPad now instead of it being junk. Every iOS update slows it down more and more and makes apps crash more as they run out of RAM and developers have only tested it with the latest device. Sorry, with "new generation" I meant "next generation". There's no way the fullsize laptops are staying around any meaningful time (unless they survive on no-update life support like the Mac Pro) The original iPad was very much sold on the promise of upcoming third-party apps. If it didn't have the potential of apps, I would definitely not have bought it, just how I didn't buy the original iPhone. I'm still going to buy the new Retina MacBook Pro, but I can currently afford to upgrade my laptop every year and gift away the old one. Plus I personally don't care much about recycling/the environment. That doesn't mean it's not an environmentally unfriendly design. Well the troops are the ones holding a decades long grudge against the Red Cross for a decision made not by them but by the Secretary of War... Dealing with the Swedish credit card providers isn't really any nicer than dealing with PayPal, but it feel better to be dealing with a local company in case something goes wrong. In Europe bank transfers solve the person-person transfers so there's no need for PayPal for those situations, but for small fry accepting credit card payments it's hard to beat. > I'm not sure that helps much when it comes to recruitment, though. I've gotten a cold-call email from a recruiter who started the email out with "I found your github account…" And all I have in there are two tiny personal apps I wrote to scratch an itch I had. Is there any way a practical Bitcoin ATM could be done? I.e. a machine where you can get cash Euros/Dollars/Gold from your bitcoins. The naive approach is it just has an address you send BTC to, but then you have to stand around for 30 minutes while the transaction is verified. Sweden's attempt at equality is to instead of making women less prone to take leave a pregnancy by making them work through it (which feels inhumane), is to make men more likely to also take leave by granting couples a shared "parental leave" instead of just maternity leave. From Wikipedia: "To encourage greater paternal involvement in child-rearing, a minimum of 2 months out of the 16 is required to be used by the "minority" parent, in practice usually the father, and some Swedish political parties on the political left argue for legislation to oblige families to divide the 16 months equally between both parents" Twitter does have an "Always use HTTPS" option for when you're logged in. > One explanation might be G+ international popularity Google have been doing a TON of PR in Japan. They're doing a collaboration[0] with Japan's top J-Pop group (AKB48, with 200+ members) where they gave them all high-end Samsung phones and G+ accounts to post on. Some popular members used to post on Twitter and Ameblo, but this has extended to all members. They've also done exclusive G+ live streams of concerts, and when the group had their yearly popularity contest, Google+ had a live stream with live +1 buttons that graphed the mood over time[1]. I imagine they've also been recruiting other celebrities in Japan to drive adoption. [0] http://www.google.com/intl/en/+/project48/ [1] http://www.akb48plus.com/senkyo/en/teaser.html It's surprising how much traffic they still get. Our year-old iOS game was just mentioned in a roundup of "top 10 difficult games" on a Yahoo! Games blog (and it wasn't even linked properly to the App Store), sending sales from 2 digits to 4 digits/day. We were floored that this happened due to a Yahoo post of all things... Since they refer to it as a "mockup", I assumed these had no actual hardware and were just tests of size, form factor, weight, etc. If it had any hardware, it'd be easiest to just reuse existing stuff - basically an official Modbook[0], only with a capacitive instead of resistive touchscreen. [0] http://eshop.macsales.com/shop/modbook Chrome will automatically pick up the search box on any site you've been to and add it to its dictionary, no configuration required. At least when patches cost $40k, you have an incentive to make a really, really solid first release. I wonder if it leads to less buggy software in general? (obviously this is kind of a counterexample to that...) Surely you'd need a CVV2 for that? We had the same problem at MacHeist (people got their specific macheist+ prefixes targeted with spam). Turned out it was our email provider iContact who were hacked. We weren't the only ones. They posted a non-committal blog post about "investigating the matter", which then mysteriously disappeared when they upgraded their blogging platform. The hack made real damage to our reputation (the "software bundle" space has a poor reputation to begin with, and receiving spam confirmed people's expectations), and they wouldn't own up to it. Be careful with which third parties you entrust your users' email addresses with. My dad connects his Mac to the TV, but only uses it to watch pirated TV shows on YouTube... > "people should be assume" Should not assume? Courts and policemen don't make decisions based on interviews with the press, or what some internet commenter thinks is a crime or not. There's a reason trials exist, to find out if a crime was committed or not. Assange won't even show up to the trial. If he's so sure he didn't commit a crime, it ought not be a problem. From what I've read it's pretty hard to convict people using the existing rape laws in Sweden, since you need a lot of evidence and stuff. You don't need facts to be in dispute for there to be a case. E.g. in a patent lawsuit nobody's debating that Android doesn't have slide to unlock. The debate is if it's an infringement. Similarly, here the trial isn't what he did, it's if what he did was unlawful. Obviously someone thinks it was, and someone doesn't. > The issue is not Swedish rape laws, it is Swedish extradition laws. Agreed. And that's what we should be discussing, not the rape laws. > In this case, approval was not given to Anymode for the accessory to feature this official designation. We are working with Anymode to address this oversight and the product has already been removed from the Anymode sales website. The product has not been sold." Did you read your own link? I've started using Dashboard a lot more since Lion where you can just 4-finger swipe to see it. I have a world clock on the very right egde of Dashboard, so I can 4-finger pull over just enough to see the clock and then go back without ever fully switching. Very handy. I also make extensive use of the weather widget and Deliveries (package tracker). It seems as if there are still WebKit Nightlies being built for Windows, it would have been nice if they could tag which ones correspond to certain Safari releases for any Windows devs who want to test their sites in Safari. I had no issues installing from the MAS with FileVault 2. Never tried the GM. When I see people struggle with folders, it's these two things: - System, Application and Settings storage folders that the typical user really shouldn't have to see in the first place - Predefined directory structures like "My Documents" that the user didn't create themselves. Especially when apps crud things up even more with subdirectories with files the user didn't create themselves and can't edit themselves (on my Mac I have "EyeTV Archive", "Final Cut Pro Documents", "iChats", etc... these should be hidden in Library folders until the user exports them). The Desktop is among these. Storing files on the Desktop shouldn't be possible. If when new users got a computer, the only storage visible was a completely blank home folder, I think a lot of this confusion would disappear. It's not nesting of folders per-se that's the problem, it's that there's a ton of shit there from the beginning that the user has no idea what it is, where they are right now, and where their document will go. When the user created everything themselves and applications don't save documents go into special folders by default, I think a lot of that confusion is gone. In this world, users who don't understand folders won't create them, and so they won't be confronted with the complexity. The "app silo" model could be emulated by app open dialogs only showing files created by the app itself by default. Personally, I hate the app silo model. I like having a folder per project with all the related files in it. If I'm working on a report, I want to be able to quickly get to the text chapters, the graphs, my data sources, etc without jumping between apps so much. Followup: Anyone confused by hierarchical folders is going to be just as confused by a database model with tags and saved searches. No. That's exactly what makes it so confusing. User sees desktop, all is good. They go into Word, save a file. It ends up in "My Documents" by default. Now the user thinks they lost the file, since it's not on the Desktop. The desktop doesn't fit into a hierarchy very well. It feels like it ought to be the "root" of your computer, but it's always really a folder in the user's home directory. In Windows it's even more confusing since they put "My Computer" and the drives under the desktop, which is really in your home folder... It would work if the desktop WAS your home root, but then you can lose files simply because they're covered up with windows. They could let you open the desktop again in a separate window like current OSes do, but I'm a proponent of the Spatial file manager[0] so I think that would be confusing in other ways. Also some people (me) object to the clutter :) [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spatial_file_manager I agree that good search is essential and helps a lot with not needing to organize stuff anymore. Making good sense of automatic metadata (with photos, stuff like geotagging and iPhoto's Faces) will help even more. But there's still often a need to browse, and I haven't seen many successful implementations of tags yet, so I'm still skeptical that it's much more intuitive than folder. I know Gmail does it well, but I rarely use their web app, and not many email clients support it. Meanwhile I've never seen anyone use tags in, for instance iPhoto. Lose in the sense where the user comes to me and says "I lost my file!" and I move the window aside and there it is. The same way people "lose" their files by saving them in the wrong folder. > I think developers do get too concerned with turning a user into a perpetual revenue stream however. This is really an old business model that is somewhat outdated. Outdated?!?! I thought it was more relevant than ever with all the web apps out there. I remember back in the day of 60 MHz PowerPC with 16 MB RAM, that I used software that would decode JPEG files in blocks, so you could look at high-res photos without holding the whole uncompressed image in RAM. In fact, I have an app like that for my Android phone for viewing a very high res bike route map I rendered out of a PDF. Are there any libraries like that floating around that would work in this situation? Funny thing most Americans don't know is that international coach is really decent too. E.g. I've never been on an intercontinental flight without unlimited free alcohol aside from on Delta, and any plane put together in the past few years will have USB/power sockets in every seat. FaceTime still doesn't do Audio-only though. Or group conversations. Hardly a replacement. Your work is not in vain, it's not as if everyone is going to switch to Mountain Lion anyway, if we look at the poor adoption numbers of Lion. http://imgb.mp/ivu.jpg His attention to detail only extended as far as things that excited him. I'm sure he wouldn't even notice the RSS feature was gone. OS X and iOS had lots of small oversights like this even when Jobs was around. > Sure! In fact, if you’re in the UK, you can legally stream every event of the Olympics live, and commercial free. Note that I believe you need to pay the licence fee to legally watch iPlayer (IIRC it pops up a dialog the first time you run it to confirm you've paid). So even in the UK you have to "pay for TV" to get this service. It costs approx £12/month. Presumably Telemundo have spanish commentators talking over everything? I saw that but it read a bit unclear. Some European countries' laws haven't caught up the same way the UK has. For instance, you can legally watch the Swedish SVT's live streams without a licence fee. Other countries have gone further - in Denmark they either implemented or were just debating a law where you have to pay the license fee if you own a PC or Mobile phone that can watch streaming video. All Europeans can legally watch the EBU/Eurovision steams though, I believe. http://www.eurovisionsports.tv/london2012/index.html The problem is generating enough unique questions. If you only have 10 questions, they can just hard-code them. That was the problem with all the "kitten captchas" etc. Very limited image database. The BBC aren't allowed to serve customers outside of the UK even if they wanted to due to the licensing agreements they have with content owners. NBC is the exclusive broadcaster in the United States. Anyone offering the Olympics to US viewers is in breach of their licensing agreement. As expected of a telecoms company - they want to use the standards that are already implemented in silicone. Has anyone blogged the feasibility of hardware acceleration of Opus? I know they have an integer implementation already, but it seems we still don't even have Vorbis support anywhere... I don't know why this got downvoted - we all know it's true, even if we don't want it to be. Does anyone really believe Apple are going to support a codec that they can't hand off to power-saving silicone? edit: it was gray when I replied They did http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?story=20120726121512518 Search in page for "the following designs Samsung was considering" If you don't think other manufacturers have dropped designs, you're fooling yourself. The difference is that Apple makes only product at a time, so other manufacturers can experiment at bit with different designs, whereas Apple can only release one of their designs. When other manufacturers drop a design, it's not dropping a design, it's dropping a product. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4312788 iOS has been super buggy ever since iOS 5. Has nothing to do with Jobs' death. Was that on Mountain Lion? Just lots of small things. Keyboards that stick around. The backlight randomly sticking at full on or full off. Settings panels that crash (got better in the latest update) or don't refresh. Alarms that don't go off. Everything related to the App Store. Internet sharing drops randomly. iCloud has been a disaster since day one. iMessages that arrive twice. "As you expected, given Microsoft’s criticism of Gmail’s ad policy, the product doesn’t scan the bodies of your emails. However, it does tailor ads based on the email address of the sender, and the subject line of the email" What kind of advertising-friendly info can they glean from the sender address? Ads for competitors when you get newsletters/signup email? > So would they still deploy new stuff like LTE quickly? Would they still subsidize phones? GSM was developed and initially deployed mainly by the old european government telecoms before privatization took hold in Europe. The expression of india wanting some "control" over the internet looks like part of the bigger push going on for the UN to control the internet, which it kind of scares me. I honestly prefer the current mishmash of tech companies as stewardship. There are a lot of scary countries in the UN (China, Pakistan, United States etc) that shouldn't be anywhere near the censorship button. I could see UN "internet rights" laws looking like the european ones restricting speech around things like religions. Requiring a "renewal" hasn't stopped the PATRIOT Act yet. I can't imagine why it would stop "Homeland Security". I still ended up with an 8 GB page file after a few days of regular usage (nothing too hard like VMs or anything - just your typical Xcode dev workflow, including opening up Photoshop once or twice to export graphics). This is on a MBP with 8 GB RAM. I never had any memory-related performance issues in Lion, (maybe because I have an SSD), but I always end up with a big pagefile of stale data. I'm going by the stat in iStatmenus. It slowly grows from 0 the first 2-3 days. I'm going by the stat in iStatmenus. It slowly grows from 0 the first 2-3 days. In Lion, Apple changed the File model completely (everything is saved automatically by default. you no longer have any "in-flight" changes that aren't saved), but they haven't properly educated the users, causing people to assume it's "broken". With the new model, if you want to edit a copy of a file instead of the original file, you need to Duplicate first . I've been bit by this a few times as well, since it's hard to break 20 years of habit, but from an outside perspective I think the new model is less technical and could be more intuitive to new users (real life has no equivalent to "unsaved changes"). That is how it works now. When he says "it silently saves the original file", he's missing the point that OS X is always saving your files. In Lion/ML, if you create a new file, Save it with a name, and afterwards add some text and then close the window, it doesn't prompt you to "save changes", since it's always saving changes. In a model like that, there's no reason for "Save As" to suddenly not save changes in the original window. Files are always saved automatically in Lion/Mountain Lion. It's more like this -(void)dataChanged { [document writeToFile:fileName]; } switch (menuEvent) { case FILE_SAVE_AS: NSDocument newDocument = [initWithDocument:oldDocument] [newDocument writeToFile:newFileName]; It would be wrong for "Save As" to suddenly unsave your changes. > duplicating before editing (bad) Why is this bad? edit: Why are people downvoting me for asking this question? I'm genuinely curious. And why OS X Lion/ML has Versions and Time Machine Anyone coming from an iPad or iPhone has no experience of "Save As". These are the users Apple are now targeting. Like it or not. Did you not read what I wrote? OS X no longer has a concept of "Unsaved changes". It's always saving your file. You write in a new sentence, it saves it (virtually) instantly. The original file was already overwritten when you selected "Save As". The new "Save As" just makes the old "Duplicate" more handy. I agree it's a poor choice of name, they should have kept it named "Duplicate". Apple's answer to this is that you if you made changes you don't want to keep, you should revert them. In Lion you had to use Versions for this, but Mountain Lion can revert to the last opened version. There's a "Revert" menu item that reverts to the last opened state, and if you managed to close the file, there's Versions. The change is really confusing to long time computer users. I wonder if Apple could have avoided this confusion by changing the names of "Save" and friends to something completely different. Ah in that case it's definitely a bug. I see it as part of the iOSification of OS X, to appeal to iPad/iPhone halo converts. My phone has never asked me if I want to "Save changes". > So now every program needs an infinite, crash and restart resistant, fine grained revert option. Yeah, which is why Apple added that in Lion so anything using NSDocument get it for free http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4753 Look at it the other way: With the old system, if you pressed "Don't save" to that dialog by mistake, you lost everything. With the new system, it's basically impossible to lose anything (the only way is if you don't notice for long enough that the old version gets reaped). Or choose Duplicate on the old file, don't save the copy/give it a name, and do the work in there. Since Lion, OS X also internally autosaves files that have yet to be saved. I've had 3-4 "Untitled" TextEdit files that I haven't saved hanging around for months, across reboots. Yeah I also don't get what the significance of "edited" is supposed to be, it just reinforces the image of the model not having changed. I wonder if/when Apple will bring Versions to iOS. It seems iCloud on OS X supports it at least. The new system does what you suggest. Command-S creates a new "revision" in versions, and you can select "Revert to > Browse all versions" to see all versions of your document. OS X also automatically creates a new version once an hour if there are new changes. I did some googling and it seems like Windows 8 Metro apps might have similarly neutered file handling. Has anyone tried it out and can report? Since it's a feature, not a bug http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4753 http://www.apple.com/osx/whats-new/features.html#autosave I have no doubt that Kaspersky has close ties to the FSB and Kremlin. Just as I have no doubt that U.S. security companies have close ties to the CIA/FBI. Pick your poison. I'm not sure why this guy just doesn't use MUMPS instead I agree that rangeCheck is trivial and needn't be protected, but I'm not sure I understand the "high school programmer" argument. A highschooler could also write Rebecca Black's "Friday" (indeed, one did), but it's still protected by copyright. Is any code written by a High School student automatically uncopyrightable? Too bad they didn't patent it. Communities like this were a factor in accelerating the broadband buildout in Sweden as well. Here, when we broke up the telco monopoly, instead of splitting it up regionally (like AT&T), they were split into roles. So after the splitup, the ownership of all the POTS copper and related infrastructure (buildings, backhaul etc) ended up as a separate entity[0] who had to treat everyone the same and couldn't favor a single telco. Come DSL. To get DSL, this company obviously has to upgrade the local switches for DSLAM operations, and for this operation they would charge the first telco to request a DSL connection for the upgrade. In the DSL buildout rush at the turn of the century, the big telcos obviously focused on densely populated areas. So people who lived on switches that were too small to be attractive to any big telco would start up a coop like this to save up to pay for the upgrade themselves, and there were several small broadband operators who would take care of the technical, broadband-providing bit. And once your switch was upgraded, suddenly you could get your pick of any of the DSL providers. There were/are also a ton of small, local wireless providers who use directional antennas to service people who live too far away from a DSLAM. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skanova I travel a lot and use prepaid almost all the time - all my friends are on Android or iPhone and I can use either Google Talk or iMessage. The only person I ever send SMS to anymore is my dad who has a blackberry. I have a friend with more diverse friends and they're all on WhatsApp. I can't imagine the panic operators are feeling over declining SMS revenue. Where I'm from it's so odd to think about what handsets a carrier "offer". First of all, I haven't bought a phone from a carrier since 1999, second, all the carriers here have all the phones, or you can get any phone on whatever carrier you want through an independent electronics store (where you'll still get a subsidy) When I was in Vietnam I just bought whatever SIM off someone on the road and then went back to my hotel room and googled up the activation instructions. Usually you just text the name of the plan you want to a special shortcode (same as most UK prepaid) Their badges look fun too: http://blog.emfcamp.org/post/28558155390/revealing-tilda-our... > By default it communicates with all the other badges on site, > playing a networked game that encourages you to meet other people > with differing interests. They also communicate with things on site, > but more about that soon. OS X is now download-only, so I imagine pruning bloat has an immediate benefit for any users without infinite, speedy broadband. If this is the same tech I remember, Soviet Russia used them a lot for far-flung lighthouses that couldn't be easily refueled. Many of them are still out there, or have been stolen, vandalized, stripped of metal by unwitting thieves, spreading hazard all around. One was even found underwater. edit: links: http://bellona.no/bellona.org/english_import_area/internatio... http://englishrussia.com/2009/01/06/abandoned-russian-polar-... > debit cards and cash are way more common Exactly. And most debit cards are Visa. You buy laptops, TV, etc in cash? As for that article, I don't need to worry about some "insurance company" caring about my diet since I'm not American. I'm quite sure european privacy laws also forbid sharing of my purchase history outside of the bank. Denmark has the government-regulated Dankort, which until 2005 charged no fees, and since then has a fixed yearly fee for merchants (rather than a per-transaction or percentage). This can be a pain for visitors as many small shops and restaurants will only accept Dankort. It's just that this is one of those situations where the "Europe" generalization doesn't work. In Sweden, where I'm from, everyone uses debit cards for everything. Right now I'm in Greece, and cash is king (in some supermarkets you even have to go to a separate desk to pay with a card - major hassle). Both are "Europe". And Windows Phone is tanking and Samsung are doing great. I would actually love to be assigned a secure credit card. Remove the number on the front, and remove the magstripe (the countries I visit all use chip-and-pin now) They do customized delivery times all over Japan, not only in Tokyo. Amazon same-day delivery is only in Tokyo though. My FedEx driver used to call me 5-10 minutes before delivery. Was perfect to not miss a delivery due to being in the shower/down to the corner store for bread/etc. Or if I wasn't home he wouldn't even have to attempt the delivery. Then they removed the drivers' cell phones as a "cost saving measure", and then the driver instead had to drive out to my place 2-3 times to make a delivery, wasting his time. nasa.gov? I think anything from the U.S. government is public domain by default. Does anyone use "postcards" features? I've seen this on cell phones since about 2003 when they started getting cameras, but I've never heard of anyone ever sending or receiving one. How would you do "pledges" in bitcoin? Credit/Debit card pledges work by only extracting the money of the funding goes though. That seems impossible with Bitcoin without either (1) trusting the crowdfunding site to refund you (2) trusting the users to go through with the payment when the date hits (3) Some kind of third-party, trusted, card company-like escrow server The .ram file points to a real media rtsp-precursor streaming server that no longer exists (pnm://real.nationalgeographic.com) How about e-mail? * PC games can charge a lot more. On mobile, users will balk at anything that costs more than .99 cents. If you want to charge $5, you have to have a pretty amazing game (like, Zelda-level), and even then people will complain. * Lots, lots more competition from crappy spammy games that flood out the good ones. Exactly. I think this blog post is an example where you can find whatever you want as long as you look for it. Here's from Sweden. Rosengård, one of the poorest areas in Sweden: http://imgb.mp/izU.jpg Västra hamnen, full of expensive "eco-friendly" model apartments: http://imgb.mp/izV.jpg > And that doesn't even get into the fact that if you travel via air around the globe, nearly all of the airlines are absolutely terrible, not just the subsidized ones in the US. Where does this come from? I find that most airlines around the world are absolutely brilliant. The vika byske legs in the second build are adjustable 70-107 cm. The utby underframe in the first one appears to have feet that are adjustable at least a few cm. > There will probably never be a repeat of the 1950s, where the United States dominated the world in almost every category There will probably never be a repeat of the 1950s, where the rest of the developed world was mostly bombed to smithereens and working hard to rebuild themselves. Which is what Safari does on OS X. > Apple sold the original iPod for $399, which was the cost of the original 5GB drive to Apple. It was sold at a severe loss to begin with to push the technology and ramp up volume production of those drives. I've never heard this before, do you have a source where I can read more? I've never heard of Apple willingly taking a loss on anything . It also seems odd to me to talk about volume in an earlier era of Apple, e.g. this was when Jobs was still dead-set towards limiting the iPod to Macs (it didn't really take off until Windows support was added). At least in Sweden, most debit cards now require Verified By Visa/MasterCard SecureCode for online purchases, which means the theif would need either my bank RSA fob or a password. Other NASA pages about this project seem to emphasize the "Open source" qualities of the project. There's also language like "with the goal of allowing anyone with space ambitions to launch their own satellite". For instance, most other major options (elephant in the room being Apple), have onerous terms for their accessory development kits which would preclude that. Last I checked, Apple even keep the Dock port pinout "confidential" from people not in their accessory dev program, which would be a show-stopper since presumably this uses the dock/USB port for control. On iOS, you need to pay Apple $99 to install custom software on your own device. That would be a significant hurdle. The ironic thing is that dumbphones generally had no restrictions on installing your own Java apps, so the iPhone is actually a step back in that regard. > If you don't like Apple Open WebOS and MeeGo are interesting open options, I hope these will gain traction And if they gain traction, they will be sued by Apple. > The response appears to be "fuck you, I don't want to waste my time worrying about whether this purple monkey screen saver will secretly empty my retirement account." With the amount of non-techies I know with jailbroken phones with all kinds of super-tacky OS hacks installed, that is definitely not the only response. > eating as close to the naturally evolved food chain as possible is a good thing. Where does the "naturally evolved food chain" end? Right before Agriculture? Is baking bread "unnatural"? > It is, after-all, how farming developed over thousands of years You may be right about it being safe, but I'd be careful about using this logic. Over "thousands of years", we had a life expectancy at birth of 30 years, indicating that among other things the food supply may not have been very safe. This is just a problem with keyCodes in general. They're a very blunt tool that would useless if it weren't that there are barely any alternatives in JS. JavaScript has absolutely massive issues with anything regarding internationalization. This is the language that shipped with a Y2K bug in 1995! As long as there are people making money off it it, it'll just keep expanding. Probably not to our homes, but expect to see the TSA with naked body scanners at sports arenas, train and subway stations, shopping malls, office buildings... > I love Paypal because I can have it debit directly from by bank account instead of handing over my credit card information You'd rather give the internet a direct line to your bank account to suck out all your money, vs giving it a number to a credit line (which you can refuse to pay if there's any fraud)? I'd like to see the logic behind this. > I'm from the Netherlands and if you're a freelancer here you need to provide income statements for 3 years before you can get a credit card. That's amazing. Also goes to show anyone who tries to talk about "Europe" is making a useless generalization - here in Sweden I easily got two credit cards when I was a student with no income aside from government student loans. But don't you have VISA/Mastercard debit cards? In Sweden, there are no longer any ATM cards, everyone gets a VISA or MasterCard instead that works in ATM, stores and online. What I read was that Google would allow Apple to do turn-by-turn in exchange for ads. Apple don't want to sully iOS with ads so they refused those terms, and Google wouldn't agree to anything else. You really don't appreciate how much great data Google have in their maps until you try to use anything else. Apple have a lot of work to do to get iOS 6 maps on-par (for instance, I still haven't managed to do a successful search here in Japan - I have to carry around an Android phone for maps and train directions) If film captures details at a molecular level, why are my old 400 ASA APS snaps so much grainier and lower-detailed than my cell phone snaps? Unless we figure out how to create realistic full-color 3D holograms, or at least highly-improved glasses-free stereographic displays. In that case, anything pre-stereography will look very "flat", and the relatively few stereographic photos taken today could have the same impact as these color photos from the article Yeah, the app store can be really glitchy the first couple hours after an app is released (our app once showed up in two spots at the same time on the top 100 list!) Which doesn't work on any mobile device, which is what this quote is talking about. > Yes, the additional pins are for things like audio in/out & video out, making the Lightning connector more capable than microUSB alone I don't think we know this yet, details on the Lightning connector specs are sparse, aside from it being "all-digital" and "adaptive". > The U.S. holds roughly 17% of the world’s International students, compared to 2nd-place Britain (~12%) and far more than education powerhouses, Korea, Switzerland, and Sweden (all below 5%). Considering the U.S. has a population of 300 million vs. the UK's 63 million (and Sweden's 9 million), aren't these numbers actually damning? Or are they just saying "size matters"? Two things: - Reading the Android ToS, it sounds far less restrictive. 3.3 says that if your apps has a "upgrade to full version" option, it has to be their payments. 4.5 says you can't sell alternative markets. Neither is anywhere as broad as Apple's "anything you sell must be charged as an in-app purchase", which applies to things like Dropbox subscriptions, etc. - On Android, you can always just distribute your app online to be sideloaded if you don't like the Market. Or distribute in an alternative market like Amazon or GetJar. On iOS, Apple's store is the only way to get on the device.