Android in C? I thought it was Java. Jedber will be missed. I disagree. A research, when begins is independent of its beneficiary. That's why scientific progress cannot be charted. It's surprising that came from Bill Gates. Scientists work to solve problems, to unearth secrets of nature, to create things, not to solve needs of the poor. That is the consequence of their research. sid_cool1234@yahoo.co.in Microsoft Excel is a big win for me. I wish it does. That's the Microsoft way, not Google. How do we know this is for legit? The sad fact is nothing in this can be believed. All this is strategically too complex. Thanks, this is a wonderful article. How? Wow, most on HN are not action oriented? I find this blog post utterly stupid. It's a pseudo-idealistic view of the world. Google created a programming language as their vision of how language should be. They did not create Google Wave for ads. That's how Google works, they experiment, and if it's accepted they work out a business model for it. I cannot speak for Twitter or Facebook, but Google, I am pretty sure, that's the case. Sorry Mr. Dave Copeland, I differ. The worst thing you can do to convince a naysayer is providing logic and reasoning. They are naysayers for a reason, rationalism simply eludes them. Talk about some rubbish pride and take a middle ground. Let them win a bit, it kinda pampers their ego. Modularise Abstract Code, test, revise, functional test, Load test, Performance test Peer testing Comment Simple is beautiful I think that many databases will have to update the values. And yeah, if someone has hardcoded UI values, they will have to change as well. This sucks, the country cannot do this. We have to allow for peaceful protests. That's a communist view ;) This is an important service for businesses like Groupon. I suggest creating a scoring app, say for baseball or basketball or cricket. You need to enter the player names and then start scoring with simple tricks. The real creativity is in how easy you make the scoring app. I know there will be existing apps, the challenge is in making it easy to use. This isn't Reddit. You would be enshrined there. This is Hacker news and jokes are not welcome. We talk in language of Math and hrefs. This is wonderful. Thanks. Try emailing LulzSec. This in interesting. Last time FB held the conference they introduced the Social Graph.... I am impressed with the UI. It's fast. Great work. What technologies have you used? It is a well written article, language wise, but content wise, it spews jealousy. The author is entitled to have an opinion express it, but in this case it seems the author wants to gain attention by going against the tide. It's good going against the tide when you stand for something, which is not the case in this matter... How big a team was involved in the build? Just the build, not the testing team. I am thoroughly impressed by the effort. I would surely like to use the service... Ah, I missed you by 8 hours in posting this. Which book? Getting 404 Not for me! https://github.com/chernikovalexey/Prevel Looks like spam. I didn't get what you mean by 'not web-scale' Results are surprising so far. The intersection of Facebook and Hacker news readers is pretty less. Probably that's why HN readers are so productive? http://code.google.com/p/js-test-driver/wiki/GettingStarted The luminaries should understand that precisely because CERN has been unable to find a system error, they have put forth the discovery in front of the world to scrutinize it. The luminaries, instead of voicing doubts, should be analyzing results. CERN is not North Korea to claim they performed a nuclear test and the US doubts the claims... Wow...iPhone 4GS and iPhone 5!! Two words, Cloud iPhone... I believe there should be a description of what this website does, rather than repeating the URL in the title... Clickable http://swifto.com Sure, I am the same guy from Reddit, and I thank again for the article. It's very well written. A pretty lame translation, I say. No, I want it in Houston... Nice try, Chris Hardwick ;) Brilliant! Can we have the source code? It's brilliant! This is a good direction, thanks MS. Oops...I just posted this link on my Facebook account with the sensational heading "Foundations of physics shaken again". I will remove it. I suggest building an API which extracts results from Google and WolframAlpha, depending upon whether it's a computation being demanded or an answer. Clickable - http://www.korpool.com Sorry I did not get you. I am extremely sorry, I quickly scribbled it to show HN. I am extremely sorry, I quickly scribbled it to show HN. Any feedback is greatly appreciated. It's not about carpooling, it's about communication. It's main intention is Corporate Pooling. It's about relating to people from different corporations. I am not able to access the link. Is there a problem? Thanks, I am able to access it now. First impression - A great fun concept coupled with a great landing page. I would use the app, it will give a high level view of my emailing habits. This does not belong here. It belongs to Reddit /r/wtf... Clickable http://albumcorner.com I am going to pitch for you. Let me know if I can help in any manner. I will surely spread the word etc. But if anything extra is needed, feel free. And if you are wondering why I am ready to help, I have a personal selfish motive, Learning, Working with smart ass guys like you. So we have a fair deal. This is a very well written piece of article. But I also believe that we cannot control everything that happens. It's OK to sometimes lose control and go with the flow. It might lead to newer horizons. Having said that, it's a call of the person and the situation. Going with intuition is perhaps the best solution in such circumstances. Clickable: http://errorception.com/ I am reading 'Facebook App development for Dummies' Dead right. Couldn't have said that better myself. Louis, don't buy the cokes, you are already fat. :) I bought Louis' work yesterday. And hats off to the performance. For the lazy http://soundcloudinstant.com For the lazy http://getinapic.com GoDaddy changes their stance on SOPA. I have a Google Nexus S. I use Maps, Evernote, Lemon, Weather.com, Facebook, GMail, Dolphin Browser, SwiftKey, almost everyday. You can use the Zero Mailbox approach. Google for it. You will get loads of material. Another one: Meditate Regularly Brilliant, you can directly go to registration here: https://www.facebook.com/hackercup/register Clickable: http://www.echoedd.com I agree with you. I won't call it fear, it's more of anxiety. Whenever I think of learning, I get overwhelmed. It's like learning what? I end up spending precious time being anxious and watching a movie....Sad but true. A 3 year old infographic rises from ashes... Wish you all the very best. Make sure you scale up today, as I am going to pitch for you wherever my reach is. Bad signs, it's slowing down. It's taking more than 20 seconds for me to load. Scale it up, scale it up fast, buy more processing power from your host I would suggest Adobe Air. It's light weight and simple. For the couch potatoes http://aps.mentalimprovement.com/default.aspx Doesn't make much sense. Another doomsday monger. No, no. Reddit users won't enjoy here. This site is for us, the enlightened ones. I am also on Reddit, but that's when I am not in a learning mood. You cannot steal Reddit users, coz most of them will come here looking for cats, and having found none will rather go to Digg. So your worries are baseless. Expand collapse comments. /r/programming /r/technology /r/science /r/GetMotivated /r/funny /r/AskReddit Heartiest congratulations for launching. I have signed up as I like to do some freelance work. Good luck! I still do, it's a very nifty site to get an objective feel of tech news. The redesign however is not a very pleasant one, especially the font. Why the hellish font? That's probably because they have started featuring M G Seigler's articles a lot. And as we know, he's an ardent Apple fan. Hope America learns something from this. Microsoft is one of the biggest investors in facebook. That's weird, isn't it? For the lazy http://Infogr.am Wish you good luck. I find the platform decent. Shall give it a try. For the lazy : http://www.siasto.com My feedback: The UI is pretty clean and fast, so 8/10 for UI. The overall features are good, not enterprise ready, but a very good start. 6/10 It will have to compete with tools like Asana, and they are really good with their project management, task management etc app. Some more innovative tools will help you. Clickable http://swym.me/story http://www.coderweekly.com Clickable http://binb.nodejitsu.com Clickable http://bit.ly/xFxCqs And the US DOJ clears it as well http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/2012/February/12-at-210.html And what's wrong with a short link, sir? Ah, I thought there was an undeclared pledge of ethics here at HN. Never mind. Today I learned, Hacker News dislikes short links. Take that bit.ly, goo.gl, t.co etc... This is a painfully accurate article. I can say this as an Indian Coder. Point noted amicably. Don't use IE That's it, I am going to break this myth. Clickable http://www.tiki-toki.com I am not comfortable with logging in with FACEBOOK account. Create a custom login, please. Clickable - http://www.webworks.dk/enginetest Thanks for sharing this. http://pauseforlater.com This is indeed big news. http://www.mailbliss.com Udacity is offering Web engineering courses. I really like this. It's pretty damn fast. M sharing it everywhere. http://journal.dedasys.com/2012/03/22/im-not-good-enough-to-... Well it's not imminent at this moment. Although it's possible, I personally believe that a conflict of the scale of the WW2 is less probable now. There will be relatively smaller conflicts throughout the century. Mine is 859. Pretty low. It's a bug. Nothing else. http://www.pigeonal.com/ This is brilliant! It's beautiful! Best April fools'idea!!! Diaspora Does parislemon feature here? I laughed at first. Clicky http://samesamegames.com/quadros Clicky http://discovercircle.com/hacker-news Giving my phone number makes me uncomfortable. Facebook on a shopping spree! Spam. Thanks for sharing. This is pretty cool.. If DuckDuckGo and Blekko could team up, then yes. Also, there's Yahoo-Bing relationship on. All these are potentially big threats to Google. A rebuttal was expected from M.G.Seigler Don't scare us! Thanks for a wonderful gesture. We are more than glad and would definitely provide feedback. Allow collapsing/expanding of comments (like reddit) Can someone explain me this in a layman's language? First I thought 'wait, this question does not belong here!', but then I saw what you did there. I think you are right to a certain extent. Nothing proves this more than Agile methodology. Most of us (including me) follow processes and adopt them without a forethought as to if the methodology is relevant to the project at hand. Clickable - http://www.mta.me Why is this upvoted? The news is months old. http://hackingpot.com TLDR; Hop over to http://letsflair.com Do as directed. There's not such thing as 'No Such Thing'. This pseudomeme has reached heights. http://www.MySlices.com I am actively using Google Drive and I like it so far. It's faster than Dropbox. The only issue Drive will face is that it's a bit late in the party. Dropbox has the lion's share right now. But Drive is amazingly fast (Web and Android) and allows editing and live publishing etc. Best part is it's total integration with Google Docs. I, by far, am very impressed with Google Drive and will continue to use it. Not working for me on IE 9 In America here, it's a state recognized religion with a Church of their own. Hell, Tom Cruise is a Scientologist. That cult is a money hoarding organization. I wish this hack attack happened in America. Pretty cool. I congratulate you. The saying goes, keeps your friends close, enemies closer :) Once I had a discussion with an engineer of the Photos team on Facebook. We were discussing a probable employment opportunity for myself on the photos team. My resume was below average as per their requirement. I was told that facebook holds more than 85% of the world's social photos, much much more than Flickr. But still it had a team of less than 30 engineers doing all the stuff. Flickr on the other hand, to manage a much smaller product had around 150 engineers. This was a year ago, so the stats might have changed. I just thought this was relevant to this thread. I doubt if this post has the right to exist on HackerNews. A very appropriate question indeed. Marissa: I need to apply for a few months of maternity leave. IMHO Ember.js and Angular.js outsmart Backbone.js in every possible way. Although the author of the post cribs about the same underneath UI with dropdowns and ribbons etc., isn't that's what the users have liked about it all the way long? Hi Michael, nice to talk to the engineer of the product. I purchased this book last week and it's pretty good. The reading experience is smooth. What I would like to suggest is making it more like Google web app for reading. It's fast and scrolls horizontally, much naturally like a book. "It can only be viewed as the hubris we have come to expect from Oracle" Exact my feelings I don't think Ballmer is hated. People think he is inefficient. And upto some extent, rightly so. But in no way he deserves what's dished out at him in all those grudgingly written blogs by people who couldn't make anything out of themselves. Don't use GMail? What kind of a cruel person would do that to himself? (Sarcasm intended) Just when I think Jeff has written one of his best posts ever, he comes up with something even more interesting. Well done Jeff. It's interesting to note that the writer of the post has linked to an article enumerating the Google's hiring process. It's Ballmer. I have been downvoted for the comment, but no one ever has given a strong reason as to why Ballmer is a bad CEO. He is not a very good one, that I agree, but he doesn't deserve hatred, does he? You are right, but conjuring up an article like this is no easy a task. Why does it have 3 points. It's stale news. I own one and it's a beautiful piece of engineering and art, at a great price. I have fallen in love with it. Yeah, I heard it plays 'Thunderstruck' Well written. Problem? I thought this was a feature. It happens when the user does not interact with a page for some time. I thought HN has it so that the users are forced to refresh the screen and get the latest news. Am I wrong here? That's not what's mentioned in the email. It's clearly said that mental illness is almost like an offshoot of intelligence, not software development. The phrase 'trading life for a computing project' was a metaphor. I knew before starting to read the comments that there will be people scrutinizing the email literally and giving their opinions. Jeff clearly mentions that obsessing over one thing is not worth it. Life's much more beautiful than that. This is not just for coding, but any profession requiring such heavy use of intelligence. It's saddening that people scrutinize everything literally and give opinions out of context. It's sometimes OK not to be scathingly logical and objective. We are humans, subjective and emotional beings, not binary numbers. Thanks for the info. This is awesome and Wikipedia is so small!! Pretty long essay, but worth a read. This looks like a big gaffe by Quora. Wow, it almost seems HN is going the Reddit way. But it's fine to do that on Reddit coz it's meant for the purpose. HN is not. You are welcome! "Tent servers can also be run as Tor hidden services to create a social darknet for at-risk organizers and activists." Android users waiting... Can you pls explain the issue in more detail or mention a link? I don't have access to the article. Can someone post it here or mirror it? Thanks!! Congratulations for launching. Welcome to hell! :) And wish you luck. Ok, I am at work and can't watch it. Can someone post updates here? Thanks. Thanks! Have they opened it yet? Ok, I trust Hacker News and I am donating whatever I am capable of. My donations went to "DragonWing Software", I hope that's correct. Thanks! Cool, happy to know it's gone to the right person. I attended the meetup in Houston yesterday, where this game was demoed and source code explained. It was pretty good. I think we crashed the site. It's not opening. Can someone tell me what the AntiSec can do with these UDIDs? I mean they are just phone identifiers, what harm can their exposure cause? Can someone tell me what the AntiSec can do with these UDIDs? I mean they are just phone identifiers, what harm can their exposure cause? I saw Sergey Brin's pic in that article and flipped. Then upon reading the image description felt relieved. There will be several self professed disagreements posted here citing very specific situations. Why's your post blurred? A gross and incorrect generalization. It should have been: Go: Good here, bad there. I think if a video causes a global uproar and deaths of US diplomats overseas, it's in the best interest of the US to take it down. I know about freedom of speech etc., but at what cost? Finally. Would like to know the issue and its synopsis. They are not evil, just misused. It's like calling a nuclear technology evil. It's outcome will depend on how it's used, rather than how it actually is. Till the bug is fixed. No sensation here. Move on. https://shownotify.nl/ I see and understand why this post has been criticized, both here and on Reddit. But I believe bad content is a part of lesson learnt and I shall keep the link. They are also supporting Java 8, pretty nifty. Exciting news for the Java community. "Full support for Java Threads" Fantastic!!! I hope this is meant as sarcasm. I cannot open the article from workplace, but I truly hope it's derision. EDIT - People are downvoting without reading it entirely. I have mentioned I CANNOT ACCESS THE ARTICLE. So the only truth available to me is the Post here. Did you even read my entire statement? Sorry guys, screwed it over. My bad. Isn't that news a bit old? Congrats on your first project. Useful features: 1. Detect whitespaces in count 2. Count of a specific word/character in the text A great idea indeed! My only concern is privacy. I shudder at the thought of sharing my phone number/IMEA number online. I second you. Awesome tool, bookmarked. Facebook as payment system? I still don't have enough confidence on how secure their system is. Also, sharing home address with them is not a smart move. Very well done and performing pretty well. An excellent campaign from the champion Google. If I were an entrepreneur, I would suck it all up. The top comment here and on reddit is the same!! Either kaax is martian, or just a plagiarist. Here's the link: http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/10vrag/are_those_sp... Very well made. I checked that guy's profile, he's not a spammer, just a karma whore. An insightful post indeed. Working in a large organization, I agree that developing a new capability is difficult firm wide. What we prefer to do is developing it piece meal. I have tried this in one or two projects and it has worked well. The developers that initially develop the capability help bring other developers to speed. Building a robust knowledge repository is of utmost importance in such cases. Also, it won't hurt to designate a person as a single point of contact to implement the change (aka building a capability) across the organization. Although this post is nothing related to Hacker News, it's funny. An exception I make by upvoting it. I am a bit lost here as I am not at all familiar with image processing and the Math behind it. Can someone please shed light? Thanks, that's very informative. Good job. I like the UI. Probably they have reserved bandwidth for paid Google Apps accounts, and although Google is a computing giant, it's bandwidth is not unlimited. And about fixing it, I don't think this is a bug, it's a feature. Just my opinion. Great read! Fake news... http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4678064 Arrington is fine. But MG? Really? Online journalism is getting Honey Boo Booed. Arrington is fine. But MG? Really? Online journalism is getting Honey Boo Booed. While your analysis is correct objectively, the Apple fanboys are a subjective group of people. They won't mind paying. I don't disagree with you, though, it's overpriced. Why should they, if it's working just fine for them? Hi, can anyone pls post a mirror? I am unable to access this from work. Thanks in advance. Thanks for asking. I have been struggling with this problem since joining work. $25,000 for an editor? Am I too skeptic? Gmail is up now. The fact that it has no 4G is a killer. I was about to buy it, but lack of 4G prevented me. Can someone explain this to me? It doesn't mention anything about it's lack of 4G support. It's a great phone, agreed, but absence of 4G is a spoil spot. A good piece of literature, poetically written, but a bit melodramatic too. Products can't cater to individual needs. iPhone 5 has sold like hot cakes. Apple's profiting. Period. Having said that, I do agree that Apple has lost its touch of innovation. But that does not indicate a doom and gloom scenario. Companies rise, slip and then rise even higher. It feel so good to read "I built a thing" Catchy title, I must say. Another blog spelling doom for Apple. A few months back there was one similar for Google, then there was the Microsoft one. I must say 'Blogosphere is Doomed' EDIT - I was close to reporting the story, but then even though trite, it's an opinion. Congrats, it's a very good app! Clickable Examples : http://www.amctheatres.com/movie-theatres/amc-tilghman-squar... http://locators.bankofamerica.com/locator/locator/2302__Fann... This is beautiful. Well done!!! Flagged without opening. Trusting you. What is this, someone enlighten? A very well written article indeed. "Live in the future, then build what's missing." This hit home run. Mine is a standard Enterprise environment with Oracle DB all around. I am surprised Sybase is not listed. We also use some DB2, but 90% of it is Oracle DB. Ask me, I am risking my job for this phone... http://geeknizer.com/why-bing-sucks-top-5-reasons/ It's difficult to take this article seriously. No claims are corroborated. Interesting to observe that HN took a sensational headline and upvoted. Wish there was a downvote, as it's not worth flagging, but a downvote definitely. And upvoted. Spam is regularly posted on HN and we flag it. But this one was upvoted, that's troubling. I am glad you put the end tag, else I had almost misunderstood you. What is this? Porn on HN? Not sure if this is allowed. Even if it is, tag it with NSFW. Gosh! This is not reddit!!! Wow!! I don't have access to the live stream. Can you post any important updates here? Thanks. Not a very insightful read. Again, not sure why so many votes for this post. But differences exist. It's essentially true for the entire human race. I think I don't want a registration process before trying the demo. That's the whole meaning of demo!!! Not trying to take away anything from the app. It might be wonderful, I didn't try it because of the unnecessary registration. It's a pretty old submission. I wonder what prompted it to be upvoted again. But it's fine, as long as it's related to Technology and Programming. While the website is down: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:www.sho... And there should be no gun control....Bollocks. And there should be no gun control....Bollocks. Can someone pls explain me what happened here? It was enlightening. Thanks. A video started on page load without warning, a big no. I bought a total of 3 Nexus 4 phones for myself and my friends. All are pleased and so am I. HN has a soft corner for Reddit, which I like. If possible, please submit with either Camel case or normal case. All caps puts people off and you might be flagged. If compared to the best websites out there, I can say it's average. It looks like a crude remnant of Metro style app with Google style white space added. The white top space seems bland. You can add a bluish hue to it. Also, a white background to text makes it look selected and not so pretty. Not sure if I particularly like the font either. You can also change the color schemes. These were just my negative points, there are positives as well, but those don't matter much. Good luck. I got a message but it came up in a couple of minutes. So no, it's not down. Not impressed. Not convincing enough. It's sad we are doing all this now. I am with you in this. Whatever the positives or negatives, the tech behind this effort would be super duper cool. Why is this top link? Pretty nifty. This is purely a philosophical article. Everything boils down to happiness, call it anything. It's about happiness. EDIT - I have immense respect for Dr.Victor. I didn't intend to sound arrogant. I failed to understand the solution :( Perfect, thanks!! You are a noble soul. I have read 'How the World Works' by Noam Chomsky, and I am shaken at the facts. I read the first 5 words and got excited!!! Yep, it was a joke. I didn't know HN had no sense of humor. My bad. Very very impressive. Good job!!!! Thanks for sharing. Good luck buddy. I can only hope you get all the necessary help. That's because I am not in any position to help you. Personally, I have found Angular JS very comprehensive. I have used bits of Backbone, Ember and Angular and have found Angular pretty good. I am impressed with how frequently Asana, Trello and Stripe have featured there. This has touch!!! Holy laptop!!! 1 Terabyte Google Drive cloud storage!!!! Jesus it's brilliant! Oh, but $1299 is expensive. Well played sir. On target. Congratulations. It's a brilliant work of art and technology. Good luck, you guys have a great career ahead of you. Hard work pays! It's mainly because of their support for South Korea during the Korean war of 50s. NK hates SK and the US loves SK. The friend of an enemy is an enemy. There are many reasons, but this forms the base. Does Pyongyang have no PR? Nice work. Good game. Solid graphics. Andy Rubin is not leaving Google, is he? What do they need my contacts for. Nop. Really? That makes me sad. Why is this being upvoted now is beyond me. Am I missing something? I don't have access to Google Plus in office. Can someone post it here? I am very curious. Didn't get it. Thanks!! What is it about? I didn't get it. You are my hero, Zaphar. Great job. Oh, is it? Then when can I expect to be able to flag again? Because a lot of bad links are getting through. Flag. I can't, you can. I cannot flag any more posts. Please flag this one. Seriously, I am such a big fan of Musk. He is challenging every status quo. Big oil companies and auto manufacturers have been stalling the progress of electric cars since decades. Musk went ahead in spite of the tall odds. He's a Tony Stark of our age. This sounds downright silly. No, they should not pay taxes on something free they are being provided by a private company. Should restaurant owners pay for the free food they have? No. Over 90, 102!! So they are cloning everything that Google does. Clone a Larry Page, may be. Program the shit out of any language. Go so fucking deep, you will be able to compile programs in your head faster. A very good piece of discourse. I wish HN had more of such contributors. That came deep from within the heart of the OP. Good luck to him. Simply brilliant. Very innovative. That was exactly my first reaction. How in the world are so many people doing so many awesome things! Where do I start? I almost read 'faster than speed of light', my jaw dropped...But then it was sound. A great feat, nevertheless. This is very unethical. None of these companies who blow the trumpet of innovation and user experience care about privacy. No one. Neither Google nor Facebook. I can count on Mozilla. But rest all are prowling for info to show us targeted ads. Period. This is scary. That size of a storm can wipe out a big part of the country. I am from India and 3D printers might not be in this country for some more time.. I would go vote for real time Natural Language Processing and translation. spam I work at at Indian IT services company. And no, the development environments are sub par. Slower machines, no freedom of software choice. Tight budget restrictions on development tools. No innovation in automating tasks. It's not bad, but not as good as the companies you have mentioned. There are no free breakfasts or lunches or anything. If you come over the weekend to work, they don't switch on the AC for cost cutting, even in peak summers when temperature here reaches around 100 F. Some companies have not given any hike in two years. There's one company I especially hate. They have enforced stupid school like rules. If you don't complete 9 hours in office, and that too on the floor and logged on to machine, then your leave is deducted. If your leaves finish, they cut your pay. They track how much time you have spent away from your machine. This makes employees take measures like using something to keep their mouse moving etc. They enforce wearing business formals every Monday and Tuesday, without reason, just to show the strictness. If you don't wear a tie, you are sent home. There are many more examples. How do you define 'fast enough'? I checked Google.com, Google.ru, Google.cn, Google.co.in etc.etc. All are up. You are twice as good as I am. And you have put something in words I would never ever have dared to, or am capable of. I see you as a bright individual. I am struggling with the same question. With 7 years of experience and not good enough open source code to show, I am spiraling in a vicious circle. I love Math, programming and physics. Thanks for posting, you glorious dude. Sounds very logical. Thanks for your response. How would this be valued by the Employers? A pretty cool concept. I won't call it an HN alternative though. It's more of HN augmentation. Isn't the plural form of formula called formulae? Same here, firefox flags formulae. Saddened. RIP, sir. News of this kind makes me confused, scared and angry. Confused because of questions like 'Is Government directly responsible for jobs?', 'What is the skill set of the youth?' etc. Scared because the youth have families to feed, they have ambitions and this leads to a rise in suicides among the youth. Angry because the government, due to their poor economic choices, have ruined the dreams of the youth. The government is responsible for providing opportunities and freedom, if not employment. But they fail, for various reasons, including corruption, dirty politics, poor economic choices etc. Can this act be called unethical? This is bad. Using law for profit is like pimping. This is a good article. A good point of view. Not everyone will and needs to agree. That's so true. In the Eastern philosophy, your work is one part of you, may be a big one, but just a part of you. Your inner being, inner peace is of greater importance. Your friends, family and love matters. Marketing in technology is a complex task. The visionaries are generally poor at marketing and the marketers don't actually get the vision. That lending of vision from the entrepreneur to the marketer makes or breaks a startup. I read the article and it's nothing less than sensationalist, right from the title. It did have bits and pieces of useful information, but overall a dud. I second your opinion. I suggest not joining Zynga after knowing what they are doing. It was difficult to know that a couple of years ago, but now the picture is clear. They are a metrics driven company, nothing more. You already opted for the Graph Search feature. The OP did it a bit late. My FB has been looking the same for a few months now. I don't have access to the pastebin from office, can someone please post it here? I am very much interested in reading this piece. Thanks. Highly editorialized title. It was quite an expected move. Although I appreciate this motivational gesture from the Prime Minister, I have reservations as to how much this would be effective. Better would be to foster an environment where people are motivated by inspiration to find solutions to tough problems. Believe it or not, the U.S. is a good example of how to do it. This is impressive, I can't ever imagine a salesperson doing this. Probably that's why Apple reigns. It's probably a government request. But let's give them benefit of doubt. My guess is that there's a business reason behind it. Probably they want to track you. While your argument seems persuading at first read, a second glance makes it clear that it's a refute just for the sake of it. Is a DOCTYPE even required? HTML 5 game it is. It asks to download and install some exe on my machine, though. >Russia says it has had no involvement in the travel plans of fugitive US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden. Is Russia relenting to the US pressure? Surprised to find more Go programmers than Erlang. I read other posts by this guy and he really seems pissed of at FB. There's only one equation in international politics, POWER. There's nothing wrong or right, there's only power. You are right, that doesn't. But history won't remember that. History will consider the powerful and the victorious as right. There's no Karma checker. Thanks for your response. I humbly disagree with you though. There are many instances where heinous acts by the powerful have gone unpunished. Many of them by the US and Britain. They have had no repercussions on the perpetrators because of power. I am from India, (and have stayed in the US for 3 years, now back in India) but I have deep concerns about the happenings in the US. I am an ardent supporter of the US for the freedom and equality they support. They are truly the greatest country on the Earth. But some recent developments have made me sad. I don't want that to happen in my country. The Indian Government has denied granting asylum to Snowden, obviously under the pressure of the US. I apologize on my Country's behalf and take the responsibility of this decision. Ok, I agree that was somewhat melodramatic, but I meant it. I feel embarrassed. It's Ebay, what do you expect? I faced some of these issues during my early teens. It went away after that. Now I am 29 and facing the mid life crisis that the author has mentioned. It's a confused state of big dreams and crushing reality. Not relevant here. I am not sure if you read the article. Thanks so much for your compassion and empathy. I would love to talk to you. Thanks for your kind words. It means a lot!! I liked the 'Your Regular Expression Explained' section. I have had a difficult reading relationship with pandodaily. After some good initial articles, they started producing trash. This article, for a change, is reasonably good. True, although Reddit's programming subreddit been degrading in value. I have been trying since a year to revive it by posting regularly, mostly from Hacker News. I have earned Karma but the subreddit overall is on a downhill journey. Indeed it's good. That's why I was pleasantly surprised. It's interesting how righteous the Silk Road guy sounds. He's using his power to cheat, and then he quotes about agorism and shit. This is a very poetic post. I like it for its literary value. He doesn't seem to like bacon. Why it's bad in America to live with parents? Why is it a taboo? Even the most open minded brilliant people believe it. In India, from where I come, families live together, always. There's no taboo. Apparently this happens every 11 years. Nothing to panic, but an interesting astronomical phenomena nevertheless. I would be wary of donating. It might not be legit. And even if it is, why would you want to donate to the Muslim Brotherhood? Yes, delete system32. P.S. Just kidding, don't do it. /r/programming /r/technology /r/science India. This is new knowledge to me. The article is wonderful and informative. And as mentioned in the comments, incognito mode doesn't prevent it. Excellent article. It's meanders through a multitude of topics. As a software developer this did instill some sense of self respect. SPAAAMMMMMMM So, the CIA releases such information years later, when it's not of much relevance. 50 years from now, if they say they had a hand in some of the most inhuman things happening now, we would probably be indifferent. Not sure how can anyone hold them accountable for their actions. Probably none of those individuals who played a part in the coup would be around. I didn't know this. Can you tell me how the adware firms earn money? I am asking out of sincere curiosity. Though I agree with you mostly, I argue that Xbox and Kinect have greatly contributed to their profits. Linus was good tempered back in those days. He still is, but he used to too. It's available in India, not from Google play store, but otherwise available. I own one. It's a wonderful device. Wow, someone got pissed! I love both. Seriously. But no one is judging anyone, right? I think yes. It continues to deliver, month after month. This is about child pornography. I support this action by FBI for a change. The deep web is rotten in some respects. Child pornography cannot be allowed anywhere. If I were in the FBI, I would do anything to stop child abuse. Making the code look like the output!! Super cool. Why don't they tie up with Google? 5S is much more in demand than the 5C. Pretty good, I say. Doesn't work on Chrome for Android What? Ebay or Paypal? Yes, I missed that point. No Is it possible that if one flags a post, a reason is posted in the comments? Arctic circle. OK. Cool. Not convincing enough. This has been posted for the second time. Thanks whoever flagged this. I m an open source contributor. But my contri has been small. Any tips how I can improve it? What is your technology stack? That oddly motivates me! Thanks! HN today seems all brain trainy and happinessy.. No direct link to Change log. :( Wow, Canada is really tiny inspite of being huge geographically. And I don't see Africa at all. Powerful visualization. There will be people here who will chastise government for undertaking such an ambitious activity when there are many other problems the country is facing. To all of them: your logic is flawed. |"I feel like we're working with a car that has a lawn mower for an engine" Metaphors are powerful. A very insightful article. Once I started reading it, I got hooked. I started searching for references on Wikipedia etc. Now I want to become a Physicist. I am happy that this sort of condition is relatively rare in India, from where I hail. Most of us stay with parents and share homes and love. In fact, staying away from parents never even occurred to me before I came in touch with the Western culture that derides staying with parents. At first it seemed rather selfish to me that kids abandon their parents, almost like what happens in the animal kingdom. But later I realized that it's a cultural thing. And there's no judgement passing on either. The only sad thing is that in India, if you abandon your abusive parents, it's looked down upon. In the West, if you stay with your angel like parents it's still derided. Hope this changes both ways. Wow. 600 days old. This is what I called a well researched article. Not for me! I just forked. This is a very good read, regardless of the author's distaste for Apple's RDF, as he refers. This is like reading the other side of the story. That's on one had. On the other hand, it's like creating an RDF for Amazon's Kindle fire HD. From one RDF to another. I believe in Jeff's long term vision theory. He is even building a $42 million giant clock called the '10,000 Year Clock' atop the Mount Washington in Nevada. This is to portray his long term vision. (I feel guilty to mention, but this reminds me something of the 1000 Year Reich sorts) I did. But I would like you to point out anything that I might have misconstrued or missed totally. Feel free to correct me. I don't find the assurances convincing enough. They probably did the same for their data that was breached. And they haven't addressed enough the issue of storing all user emails. There were so many naysayers. I didn't know HN existed then. I am an Indian and knowing our Prime Minister, I can believe this is true. The problem doesn't end there, though. India's political system is unlike the American one, where the President has powers. In our case, the PM cannot or doesn't call all the shots. There are other entities and bureaucrats that actually hold the power. And I can vouch that they do use cell phones and emails. It's highly debatable as to who qualifies as a Google+ user. I want to believe that G+ is doing good, because it is a good product. I regularly check it to read articles on technology and programming. Very true. Except for a few like Robert Scoble, Richard Branson etc. It definitely should have been caught in Quality Checks. There's another interesting angle to this. My boss always tells me to emulate Apple and Google engineers. He says "If they can create a phone or a search engine without glitches, I should be able to create a mediocre form without a defect". In your face, boss!!! Yes, the infamous RDF is a known fact. I would love to. But that might end up with me being fired :) Ego is a big thing to surmount. DDOS Hacker News???!!! Why in the world would anyone do that? This is a fertile ground for hackers, for byte's sake!!! Although I am a Google fan, this is a bit over the top. But an interesting read for a fan nevertheless. I would love to see Google achieve most of those things. Windows because that's all I can afford. I can think of Linux, but I have been brought up on Windows. It's like my personal glass ceiling. I understand people's dislike for ads. But how is it possible for Google to provide a free and robust email service to millions without any revenue model? I am asking out of sincere curiosity. Why so? According to Steve Wozniak, Steve Jobs never coded a line. Coding is not what makes these men great. A host of batch jobs that source data from up to 28 different systems and then apply business rules to extract a substrate of useful data. It's a very subjective article. I don't disagree totally with the sentiment behind it, but facebook is working hard pon retaining people. It surely do not want to lose users to messaging apps like WhatsApp etc., as reported by a recent article. I am sure they have the talent to bring something out new to keep people hooked. The article mentions that GBL vanished "without a trace". It's a disconcerting statement. I read somewhere that his totem itself was flawed. For example, others totems had something different; a loaded dice. In dream, the dice would act normally, in reality it won't, that's the way to differentiate reality. Cobb's totem would topple in dream as well as in reality. That's something I read and wondered. I was a bit surprised to see FoxConn there with such a big revenue. An excellent 101 article. I agree with you that paper books are more a pleasure to read than e-books, but the case wasn't about that. It was for preserving books and giving customers more choices. I think the decision is a good one. The same link has been submitted thrice with different accounts and upvoted to 3 points. The same link has been submitted thrice with different accounts and upvoted to 3 points. The same link has been submitted thrice with different accounts and upvoted to 3 points. I am a Google fan, but this move by shoving something down everyone's throats isn't very Google. [Not a Google employee] Effectively dead? Their share prices are soaring. Android is killing the competition. Google Glass and Self Driving cars are hep. They have the best talent at their disposal. I am a Google fanboy, so my view might be skewed here, but they indeed are prospering, probably to the dismay of many; but the truth stands. I agree. And it's not as bad as we are portraying it. Not trying to be sadistic, but hasn't the backlash over Google+ integration into YouTube gone a bit far? The India Pakistan separation has left a scar on the hearts of several generations. Power hungry and religious fanatics caused this separation. Today's youth view the separation as a boon, but the million people killed in the riots and other millions made homeless still haunts and affects the geopolitics of the region. If the vice president of ReThink DB could be wrong, I have all the liberty to make 100s of mistakes Highly editorialized title (of the original article). The content is a bit lame. Does not sound convincing, given the gravity of the allegations made. Elon Musk, in my opinion. He is my modern day hero. Narendra Modi!! Surprised to find him listed here. I am an Indian. You will bounce back. Let us know a Bitcoin wallet where we can chip in whatever is in our ability. Please do update us when you are better. We would love to know that a fellow Hacker is doing well. Shoot me an email at sid_cool1234(at)yahoo.co.in and I can see what I can do for you. May be this is an unpopular opinion, but facebook is a 'for profit' business. If we want to use it for free, we should be ready to pay some price for it. I am not a particular fan of facebook, except for it's ability to help me connect within closed private groups and tracking technology and programming news. I don't post photos or statuses on facebook. Again, this is not absolving facebook of their dark patterns of snooping on users and their broken privacy framework. Even Google is not an ideal in this case. Can you elaborate on the 'Wrapping it into a native container'? If facebook's HTML5 fiasco is any lesson, I would rather go with Native. A well designed and appealing website. But the whole 'Time to kill Google Analytics' sounds a bit anti-competitive. Change the title, I suggest. It's scary how this all snooping thing started way back when the internet was nascent. How can I draw a circle using this app? Difficult to take it seriously. But a good parody, if any, I must say. Sorry for your loss, Derek. It's important to note that the Supreme Court has thrown the ball in the Government's court. They have said that they need to uphold the Constitutional section until it's there. If the section is repealed it can be done away with. On the other hand, the Supreme court has the authority to stay such sections which affect fundamental human rights. This is all objective stuff. My opinion is that the Supreme Court effectively avoided the issue and put the onus on the government. In simpler terms, I feel the Supreme Court didn't have the balls to strike down the Section 377. Looks like Trello. I wasn't trying to sound condescending. It's a very well made application. Thanks for your efforts! "Your Programmers", I find it a bit, you know, old times. If true, this is huge. I have seen a lot of departments in my office understaffed. Immigration department, Talent management department, the HR department etc., who job is seen as mostly mechanical and less stressful. In reality, they juggle between a lot of things and are stressed. People keep on calling them and act as if the they are there to serve. I have raised this concern in my organization, but only to deaf ears. The author seems quite pissed at the state of crypto in the world, and he's definitely trying to help. I like the general language of the post. Good work and keep it up! I understand that work is important in life, but it's not entire life, I believe. May be we don't need to think about work from the moment we wake up till the moment we fall asleep. Just saying. I love you, Bill. I will do everything in my ability to get all help to your foundation, financially or otherwise. Thanks for your enormous contribution to the world. Here's hoping you get a Nobel peace prize. You know, you are right, this all seems wrong on paper. But that fact remains that it works. It works in impressing your boss and others. It helps in promotion. It's like marketing. I don't believe in doing so personally, because I lack this skill. But I am working on developing it. I feel it's pretty real. It's a social thing. People sort of get a light weight kick out of it. I am sort of addicted to HN, TechCrunch, Techmeme, reddit and YouTube. I have to know what's going on in the internet world. The link posted here redirects to a co.in domain. It's Citibank India. I have sent them a message on facebook, in an attempt to bring this to their attention. I don't think that's a smart move. Let's give them some benefit of doubt and bring this to their attention. I have messaged them on their facebook. Hope this will help. P.S. I am not a Citibank fan or something. Just trying to deal with this sanely. Thanks for the link! I laughed so hard. Really? That's wicked. But most of the times I have witnessed such things, the problem is with process and not people. Processes come from top down. Let's all try to bring this to the attention of the top brass. You can directly post the link instead of sub linking. What is the solution of this quandary? Isn't Google trying to spread too thin? I feel so. Is it an Android phone? I recollect this being posted earlier. As mentioned in the article, this course was a suggested course for Googlers. Pardon my ignorance, but what is this about? The language is too tough for me to understand, I being a non-native English speaker. That indeed looks like a mess. Thanks for your response. This is true only for Android phones? Should iOS users be wary? I believe that's not the takeaway point of the article. But that's my opinion. When a reply is given to my post, something tells me so. Those who flag a post, I would request you to specify a reason, even if it's a one word reason. Helps others. Doesn't matter. He has created Tesla and SpaceX. if they removed the apps, their app stats would really f k up. Why should I need to create an account? Just show me a demo. Harry Potter books there. They are good, but then it's about 100 books to read in a lifetime. Just my opinion. That's exactly how Orkut worked. It seems you are missing the point of the video. So it's more of a hypothesis than a theory. You might be right about US double standards, but that does not mean India can be allowed to trounce free speech. A very interesting fact! I never even thought about it. Now I cannot stop thinking about all such small things. Great post. >Intelligence, beauty, and wealth used to seem like notable qualities, but now they’re commoditized by technology Very well put.