Yes, but if you solve that problem, it implicitly means that you have a fingerprint of me that can be correlated across the web. So, next time I access a different game, someone can know that I'm the same person who bought the original, and perhaps try to persuade me based on that. Whether anyone does so or not is irrelevant - the only way I can try to ensure it doesn't happen is to try to never leak this data about myself. And how are PPAs fundamentally different from downloading a Windows installer from the Internet? If I download the installer from the maintainer's site, there's 0 risk (assuming HTTPS). And the site giving the PPA link is just as likely to be a phishing site as the the one serving some exe. Except browsers will sometimes warn on strange executables, whereas none do on misleading PPA links. > Many languages don't have an IDE. Many are not suitable for one (especially ones closer to Lisp on expressiveness spectrum). This is a minor point of your comment, but I'd like to refute it: Lispers actually often cite IDE integration as one of the great features of Lisp. It may have lost pace a bit with some of the very best modern ones, but Lisps have had "modern" IDEs since about the 70s or 80s, with stuff like jumping to function definitions, finding usages of a function, looking up the docs etc. Even better, this is usually a part of the language runtime (predating most other language servers by quite a bit), so it can even apply to dynamic uses. On the one hand, giving disabled people some activity that helps them be independent and care for themselves sounds great! On the other hand, the idea that this could become a weapon against disabled people (why are you staying on benefits? go out and get a job for yourself, you lazy paraplegic!) is... scary. Especially given that it sounds mostly like a marketing gimmick, and that the very thing allowing them to interact with the world is not their own, but property of the store owners - i.e. they can't take the robot and move to a different caffe, they are tied to the benevolence of their boss. Overall, this is much more distopic than utopic, and should be discouraged in this form; but the technology is interesting and could be an asset in the lives of many people. The problem is also that Lambda works really poorly with anything that is NOT Cognito and DynamoDB. For example, we were using some CouchBase we deployed ourselves - however, that meant that the Lambda now had a network interface in a private subnet, and start times skyrocketed, especially for concurrent access. When we also started doing our own authentication with yet another Lambda, request times for cold lambdas (which also means every new concurrent connection, remember) almost doubled. There's also the fact that most of the code isn't really gone, it's just transformed from web server logic to lambda deployment/configuration logic. The biggest win all told seems to be security - at least with Lambda you don't need to worry about staying on top of OS updates and the likes. I'm not at all convinced that we gained much of anything else. Oh, and one thing that's rarely discussed is how much development&qa costs skyrocket when you have a larger team developing a fully serverless application, each with their own setup and running a few performance tests every few months... 10 things Jefferson would have thought about Lincoln! You won't BELIEVE number 7! > composing tiny bits is always good, whether it's unix commands, lisp functions, or forth words The problem with this type of thinking is that "composing tiny bits" is obviously good to anyone. BUT there are vast differences between composing unix commands and composing lisp functions (and composing tiny JS libraries in NPM etc.) and some of these are good, while some are not. It's actually very difficult to properly create a system out of composable, re-usable components. I would actually say that Unix pipes are a particularly bad model of how to do that (as are NPM micro-libraries). No well-defined interfaces, arcane naming etc. - they are all reasons why most modern versions of these tools have grown and grown. There's a wonderful quote about things like this in the Unix Hater's Handbook: > However, since joining this discussion, a lot of Unix supportershave sent me examples of stuff to “prove” how powerful Unix is.These examples have certainly been enough to refresh my memory:they all do something trivial or useless, and they all do so in a veryarcane manner. The problem with this line of thinking is that everything we do in our lives, especially rational thought and communication based on it, pre-supposes some sense of free will. In particular, it is well known that if you don't believe in any degree of free will, the stranger quantum effects (or basically any kind of statistical thinking) can be ignored - if the experiment to be run is itself pre-determined, then hidden variables that correlate the behavior of the experiment with the 'decisions' of the experimenter can't be ruled out anymore. Perhaps more fundamentally, if you believe that there is absolutely no free will, then of course this conversation is essentially pointless, eve though we were forced into it by the big bang. While being low-hanging fruit, these things are also fully irrelevant. If the entire world stopped using them tomorrow, it would barely be a blip on any climate model or ocean pollution model. It's actually due to the undecidability results that there can't be a general algorithm to predict the result of any algorithm. If the problem were merely NP-complete, it would mean that, as far as we know, it would take a very long time to do it, but it would still possible. Well, if you had generics, you could do that. Without generics, you get to either (a) write an efficient method that merges 2 lists of Foos, which is not really package-and-reuse material, or (b) write a horribly inefficient method that merges 2 lists of some interface type, forcing your users to copy their data to new slices every time (since an []x is never an []y). Faced with these 2 wonderful options, most people simply decide to copy or write again the same piece of code... Go's big advantage over other memory managed languages is the very low overhead of its runtime - a hello world Go app is probably less than 5MB on disk with all dependencies, and takes up less than 5 MB of RAM. This is absolutely wonderful if you want an architecture of many independent containerized apps, especially with something like Kubernetes or Docker Swarm. Compared to that, the smallest Java container on the classic Docker repos is about 90MB in size and takes up a few tens of MB RAM. Apparently there is a new Java project [1] floating around that is promising a way to use Java exactly in this use case, but I haven't played around with it. [1]: https://quarkus.io/ If we want to avoid the worse effe ts of climate change, we need to do something at the level of industry, not consumers. As individuals, that means we must focus on political efforts, much more than personal efforts: vote for a 'green' candidate even if you stand to lose from their financial policies; convince your friends to do the same. Call your representatives when green laws are voted on. I'm not saying it's bad to do the small things. But it is bad to assume that if only everyone did the small things, the world would be better without having to do the big things as well - it wouldn't. As long as industry continues to be as wasteful as it is, as long as we continue to transport goods over the huge distances that we do, as long as we still grow the huge amounts of animals that go to waste, we are heading for catastrophe regardless of our everyone's individual actions. That could work, but it is painfully slow,and it might as well backfire - making people live worse lives so that they might be politically motivated to make industry take some of the brunt is not an obvious next step. Also, any reasonable changes to your personal buying behavior, and absolutely everyone on the planet's as well, assuming 0 changes in, say, industrial fishing dumping practices, will produce about a 0% change in ocean plastic pollution. I know Go encourages copying code, but that is a well known anti-pattern in all other language communities,one of the few with some research behind it (as someone else mentioned, basically the only quantitative science we have on software engineering says that more code implies more bugs). The idea of []Eq sounds nice, but again, the problem is that I can't pass an []X to a function that wants an []Eq, I need to build a new array and copy all my elements over. This is correct from the type-theory point of view (as slices are not covariant) , but of course Go doesn't offer anything else that would be more user friendly and still correct, such as a covariant read-only slice that we could use instead. Hey, I said 'over other memory managed languages'! I really wouldn't compare it to one of the tiniest languages this side of asm. I also think Forth would be a harder sell in a corporation than Go. Or C++. Or ASM, probably. > Heck, the author praises Rust and it's memory safety, but then proceeds to criticise Rust compiler because, as he puts it, the compiler will stop you from doing unsafe studf again and again. Isn't that the whole point? Or is anyone expecting that your memory corruption problems will magically cease because you write your same old memory allocation and access bugs in Rust instead of C or C++? I think the biggest problem with advanced type systems and complex compiler checks is that they are only desirable when you know the code you're writing is the the right one. A lot of the time, you're exploring a solution and don't care about edge cases, since you're not sure you've even found the right happy path. At this stage, you don't really care if your code is handling all required inputs, if it doesn't have leaks etc. - you just want to run it and see whether it at least sometimes produces the right output. At this stage, you're often fighting the compiler. Once you know that you're on a good path, then you start caring about safety and all the other bits, and the compiler starts becoming a trusted friend. It would be really interesting to have a system that supported both modes, e.g. starting from Rust but setting a flag to turn borrow checker errors into warnings or something similar. I'd bet that would change many people's perspectives, like the author of this article. I don't have a problem with strong types, I agree with you. Dynamic types are usually too much hassle even for prototypes. I was talking more about stuff like Rust's borrow checker or dependent type systems. I never said anything about a release - I'm not even thinking about code you would commit. I'm talking about the kind of coding where you're exploring a new feature on your own machine - essentially doodling in an IDE instead of on paper. It makes no sense to me to make such code 'correct' - I don't even know if its useful to any extent, why would I care about its correctness? What exactly is crazy in the GDPR? To me it seems like minimal common sense: If you are collecting data about me for your own profit, you should ask me if I'm OK with it before collecting it and you should be responsible with how you are storing it. To have any hope of enforcing this, I should have a right to ask you what data you hold about me and I should be able to withdraw consent if I no longer like your practices. Businesses that only make sense financially if they can gobble up user data without their consent and sell it to third parties should not exist, just as businesses that can only work financially by not paying their workers should not exist. What of this is crazy? I can't comment on the parts about psychiatry and recreational drug use. However, machine learning and other AI technologies have nothing to do with the study and understanding of the human mind at this point, beyond a very vague metaphor. While in theory AI could have been explored as a science, trying perhaps to simulate human or animal thought processes in hopes of understanding them and perhaps coming up with useful abstractions that could help us reason about them, the field has never really evolved in that direction. At Apple's level, they're probably only concerned with these amounts like that famous government spending admonition - I understand it's just a billion dollars, but a billion here, a billion there, soon we'll start talking about real money. Minor nitpick: URLs do tend to be used with the larger scope first (i.e. /resource/child/subchild). Domain names are the odd exception. The only science we have at the moment whose area of expertise covers this issue relevantly is the somewhat dubious social science, which has been researching the issue and has some amount of consensus on it. Is true that the social sciences are relatively weak compared to things like physics and even biology. But that doesn't mean we should wait for the physics community to reach a consensus on transgenderism, any more than we should wait for the biology or neuroscience communities. It's a separate area of knowledge that we just don't understand yet enough to have the amount of rigour about that we expect from physics. That doesn't mean that our attempts in this direction don't qualify as science,or that the consensus of the social science community can't be called scientific consensus. Yes, but the range of what 'static typing' means is so large that it is meaningless in this case. C is statically typed, and so are Java and OCaml. So is Idris. Of these, only Idris' type system has any power to model truly interesting properties (though the cost of doing so, in program complexity, is huge). Otherwise, even something as simple as rejecting `add(x, y) return x - y;` as a well typed function is beyond all of the others. No, I'm saying that there is no way to encode even such a simple property as 'addition of two numbers produces a bigger number' in the type systems of most languages out there (including stuff like the ML family), which is probably why (non-dpendent/linear/other advanced) type systems have never been shown to improve program correctness the way other formal techniques have. Even simple type systems help in other ways (ease of development, documentation, performance). Well, not ones as efficient as the one showed here, since those can't be expressed in the language as it currently stands. There is a misunderstanding here: the 'COPY FROM ... PROGRAM' command, according to both the vulnerability and the postgres article, only allows running commands as the OS user running the server process, NOT a superuser (also, Postgres won't start if you try to start it as root). The confusion probably comes from the notion of a 'database superuser' - the point is that any DB user with enough privileges to run COPY FROM ... PROGRAM can also do anything else in the DB, so they are already considered a DB superuser. Quote from the article : > By design, there exists no security boundary between a database superuser and the operating system user the server runs under. As such, by design the PostgreSQL server is not allowed to run as an operating system superuser (e.g. "root"). Well, I was right, there was a misunderstanding - on my part, obviously. Basically, you were discussing a mechanism for allowing non-admin DB users to safely run COPY FROM... PROGRAM? Wait, you're actually serious? This is the man who tweeted 'covfefe' you're talking about... A sentence must have a subject and a predicate, and a verb in the infitive form can't be a predicate (it's usually going to be some kind of complement). 'Fix the bug' is usually taken to be a sentence describing what you meant the commit to do, which is why the imperative is the more likely interpretation. It is completely unreasonable - people are allowed to have dual citizenships, sometimes even by birth. And of course you can follow two sets of laws at once - for example, fundamentalist Christians strive to follow biblical laws and local laws all the time. There may be occasional contradictions, but it's hardly a common problem. It's just so hard to imagine, at least in the current version of the world, a problem for which a distributed trust algorithm is the right solution, instead of a centralized one, probably state-owned if high levels of trust are needed. This is especially true given the advantages that a trusted authority has over blind consensus (e.g. the ability to revert fraudulent transactions). > "heavily leverage parallelism, yet completely hide it"? lazy evaluation? This sound like functional languages. I agree with your general comment, but this statement seems a bit optimistic on the functional languages side. Lazy-evaluation? Haskell does it, but most other functional languages don't. Heavily leverage parallelism but hide it - this is often touted as an advantage of pure functional languages, but from what I've heard, in practice it has never panned out, at least if I'm interpreting it correctly as automatic parallelization. Turns out, while the compiler can prove it would be safe to do so, a lot of the time it would massively hurt performance, and the compiler can't tell when that is the case or not. So, even in a language like Haskell, you still have to explicitly parallelize code, think about chunking etc. And if we stray from pure parallelism and into concurrency, all of the problems of having to do explicit synchronization come back, you just have less to worry about with no(/less) shared state. Funny thing, one langauge that does 'leverage parallelism, but hide it' is x86_64 assembly, where the processor automatically executes (parts of) assembly instructions in parallel, based on data dependencies and available compute ports. Except that you don't have any solution for preventing squatting or other kinds of domain abuse. By design, they place this system above the court system. I'm pretty sure this is only appealing to some kind of anarcho-technologists. Well, an example would be the US in the 50s,60s and 70s. What do you mean by a white list? The connections are coming from local host (from your browser). The fact that they were initiated by code which was downloaded from malware.com is not knowable to docker. How is a completely free market insulated from the influence of marketing/advertising? They are very effective techniques for convincing buyers to choose non-optimal products, and work exceedingly well in that regard. I also think you would find it very hard to point at an example of a working free market that has not devolved into an oligopoly, with no govrnment support at all; nevermind one that has produced large-scale wealth. CORS applies only to JS code - sites can still issue cross-origin GETs and POSTs via HTML, using Forms for example. Not sure whether there is enough control on the format to actually issue a valid Docker request. Still, it's generally a pretty bad idea to have an unauthenticated service running on localhost which can perform arbitrary operations on the system - you're depending on all other software running on the system not to transform that into a vulnerability. What you're saying sounds nice, but it seems to come from a world before Spectre, Meltdown, and all the new discoveries since. These have basically shown that it is impossible to build this sandbox on the modern processors that everybody uses from desktops to cloud data centers. Instead, the only way of having a performant, secure system today is to disable hardware mitigations and ensure you only run trusted software, the opposite of your proposal. The sandbox still helps for other issues (e.g. buffer overflows). Thanks for the link, but it mostly disproves your dismissive attitude: according to the report, posts generated by accounts controller by the Russian company reached 29 million people on Facebook alone (and " may have reached an estimated 126 million people."), with hundreds of thousands of direct followers for several individual accounts. That is not nothing. Isn't C++ committee-driven, which could be considered a type of democratic process? Or would that not be considered an open-source project? On that note, I also seem to remember that LLVM/Clang are pretty democratic, but I haven't dug deeply and may be completely wrong. That's still years after it was pointed out as a problem; and it still hasn't permeated to many Go projects. MongoDB was already AGPL, but that didn't suffice. Amazon simply took the free version of MongoDB, as is, deployed it on its systems in a scalable way, and sold that to customers. They gave the code for MongoDB away, per the terms of the AGPL. Hence, the need for a new license. However, they seem to have kept the deployment infrastructure as a trade secret, and since that didn't interact directly with MongoDB's interfaces, it șes that it really didn't come under the scope of the AGPL. Paper voting is pretty effective at preventing mass election hacking. Software can never prevent mass election hacking, as hardware can always deliberetly miss-implement your algorithm. I'm also curious what is supposed to happen if you go check, and your vote doesn't match. Sure, the government investigates, but, a, why would you trust the government, and b, why would they trust that you weren't simply paid to cast doubt on the election? The point is that those events, in the context of Christian thought, are seen as good - their god is telling his people to clear some unbelievers. Christian dogma maintains that their god and his commandments are fundamentally moral, that they are the very base for objective morality. In Christian thought, by definition, anything that their god wanted to happen is good. Norse religions, on the other hand, make no such claims about their gods. Within the context of Norse beliefs and religious moraloty, Odin has done evil things, Loki has done evil things, etc. That is why, within their own system of beliefs, the gods are morally ambiguous. Well, to be honest, the free press is often its own source of misinformation, often simply parroting the government / big business position, for a variety of reasons - since way before stuff like Fox or Breitbart. There is sadly no simple answer to the problem of obtaining The Truth... It probably depends on the kind of software more than the industry, but in my experience, the unhappy path is usually 'bubble up until you get to some user input', with some careful use of destructors/dispose to undo some complex operations. Exceptions cover this in the best way, since, unlike monads, they actually give you a pretty accurate idea of where the code was when the error happened,whule still playing very nicely with pure functions in the callstack ( which don't have to start adding error handling/logging logic simply because callbacks they use may fail). My understanding is that on Desktops, the default is for Sleep to do 'Hybrid Sleep' - prepare for a hibernate, but sleep instead; if you have a power failure while the computer is sleeping, you should see it waking from. The hibernate when you turn back on, instead of booting from scratch. I know that this was the case at some point when I checked during the Windows 8 years, I don't know if this is still true. In practice, the vast majority of docker containers are Linux containers, so most uses of docker for windows need a Linux kernel to do anything useful. As such, the 'native' docker for windows you linked is actually managing a Linux VM (HyperV or VBox) fot you; the docker server runs on that VM, and the native docker windows binary simply connects to that server. They also do a lot of tricks to connect networking and file shares with that VM. The file shares part is almost completely non-working in my experience, with scary comments in the bugs like 'doesn't work if your windows password contains certain characters' (it sets up CIFS shares between the Linux VM and some parts of your Windows file system). So, not sure what docker for Mac looks like, but Docker For Windows is only 'native' in a very hand-wavy sort of way, unless (maybe) if you're running Windows docker containers. There are costs, and they go up significantly the more sophisticated your type system is/the more speicifc you try to be with your types. The way I see it there are two kinds of costs type systems may impose. Very simplistic type systems, such as the ones in C, Go, and even C++, Java, C#, often force you to write code that is too specific, thus forcing duplication (C and Go especially suffer terribly from not having generics - in Go especially its impossible to write a well typed function that can be passed an array of any kind and return an element of that array). On the other hand, of your type system is powerful enough, you still get a similar problem when trying to write code that is abstract enough to be reusable, but specific enough to be safe. For example, if you were writing code for a physical simulation system, you would want to have all quantities carry their measurement unit in their type, to avoid mismatches. However, you wouldn't want to rewrite maths code for each measurement unit. However, to properly keep track of types in complex maths code gets pretty ugly pretty quickly. For example, a function that wants to compute the scalar product of 2 2-dimensional vectors would only work if the first values of each vector have the same/convertible units as the second pair, in any order (m,s dot s,m should be ok). If you move to matrix multiplication, the types become even more complicated, and this is still very basic algebra. If you want your function to be applicable to arbitrary matrix sizes you're already writing a complex library. Passing dependencies in the constructor is the only acceptable way of having stateful dependencies (like a database or some external services). I am assuming you are against passing things like Math libraries by creating an instance, which I would agree with. The only reason dependency injection gets a bad rep is magical frameworks which obscure the actual wiring and end up causing bigger problems. I don't think I've ever seen unit tests that didn't need to be changed fundamentally to deal with any sort of refactoring more complex than extracting a function. Unit tests are supposed to work with the internals of a module and not just its boundaries. Since refactoring normally tries to significantly change the internals without changing the boundary, it usually also results in a rewrite of the unit tests. Integration tests are the ones that usually help me sleep better after a refactor. To be honest, when you install Visual Studio or IntelliJ, you have all you need to develop code in the language you chose, with 0 extra customization. Of course, some amount of extra customization will usually follow, but that can come after you are more confident with the environment. The same is definitely not true for VSCode, Emacs or vim, though perhaps bundles like portacle can offer a similar experience. I say this as an Emacs & IntelliJ user. Then how would you handle connection pooling, if every class which interacts with the database has its own instance of the database client? Doesn't that just beg the question? If life originated on some other planet and made it to Earth, why did only the DNA-based lifeform(s) make it here? If we assume that different kinds of life based on different nucleic acids can co-exist, then it seems unlikely that a single kind would have happened to be carried to Earth by a natural process. If we assume DNA has some inherent fitness advantage (so that only DNA-based life survived the journey), than we don't need the additional assumption of panspermia: perhaps only the DNA-based life survived some early period in Earth's history. Also, for abiogenesis, given that we still can't reliably reproduce something like that, and that we have never seen new kinds of life spontaneously appearing on Earth, we do have some circumstantial evidence for the possibility that it is an incredibly unlikely event, such that it might have only happened once in Earth's history. Edit: There is also another simple possibility: perhaps given the resources available on Earth, either forever or in the period where abiogenesis was possible, perhaps DNA(+RNA) is the only molecule with the right properties to act as genetic material. Perhaps there is no common ancestor to all life on Earth, but a "forest" of inter-breeding, spotnaneously arisen original organisms, but they were all DNA/RNA-based simply because of the available resources. > EM fields are just about everywhere. They permeate space almost as universally as gravity Isn't dark matter most likely some kind of material that has mass, but no EM interaction? We also know that there are interactions inside atoms (the strong and weak forces) that have no known relation to electro-magnetism, so I'm not sure what you are getting at. Honest question: aren't radio waves "physical objects" that represent oscillations of an electro-magnetic field, to the best of our current understanding? Sharing Excel sheets is extremely easy - you just mail them, or host them in some online place, like SharePoint if you've bought into the whole MS ecosystem like many companies do. Not sure what your point is there. Versioning is of course more difficult, though Excel does support diffing in principle. I expect though that what most people end up doing is simply keeping track of versions manually, same as they would have in the days before excel. Sure, Michael Phelps is extremely talented and physically fit. But do you think he could be an excellent marathonist as well? Or that he could become an excellent sprinter without training for sprinting every single day and (re-) dedicating his life to this? The GP post indicated was mentioning not that raw talent is unimportant, but that it is assumed at the top level. All of Phelps' competitors are extremely talented swimmers. Training and diet and dedication in general are also extremely important, and the final difference may well end up being there (assuming you have enough raw talent). Of course, it is also important to remember the incredible amount of medical technology thrown at these competitors, and the difference that things like clothing can make even for swimming. Why would you need cold fusion? Simply net-positive energy output from a (hot) fusion reactor would do the trick. Of course, there is a risk there that we will hit some fundamental efficiency limitation that simply makes it not worth it. But st least it's not known to be a physical impossibility, like cold fusion is believed to be. In fact, more than cold fusion, I think there is a reason to hope for warm superconductors at some point in the future. My understanding was that some kind of wave-particle dualism was well accepted. It's exact physical meaning may not be understood, but isn't there experimental evidence that photons, even individual ones, behave as waves in some circumstances (as does as any other 'particle', in fact)? I've seen this dualism claimed pretty recently by Leonard Susskind. Sure, they are both, but my point was - if they have wave-like characteristics, they must be a wave of/in something ; if we can have experimental evidence that the wave exists, I would consider that experimental evidence that the field the wave is a wave of must also exist, to the same extent. > In any kind of correct code, the difference between a move and a copy is only performance. If a copy were to happen where a move was requested then the code is just as correct, so I find it strange to get so hung up on it not being “real”. That's just not true when you take smart pointers into account. unique_ptr is pretty obvious, since it can't be copied. But shared_ptr is more devious, as there is a clear semantic difference between giving someone a copy of your shared_ptr vs moving your copy to them. And, given that destructors are often used for more than simple resource cleanup (e.g. they are sometimes used for releasing locks), the difference between a move and a copy can have a huge impact on program behavior. > In the case of your safety check example, it'd be nice if you could mention something concrete so we know exactly what situation you're talking about. There are some well-publicised cases of compilers removing NULL-checks[0] on the assumption that the NULL value can't occur as it would be UB. As another example, the Linux kernel assumes in several places that signed integer overflow wraps, so it is compiling with -f-no-strict-overflow/-fwrapv ever since GCC started optimizing based on this piece of UB (they noticed the compiler behavior change and added the flags before releasing any faulty kernels though, apparently). [0] https://lwn.net/Articles/342330/ But that is exactly how error handling usually works, especially if cleanup is handled separately - you just need to propagate the errors, usually all the way up to the user, who is the only one who can take a meaningful decision. Almost all actual error handling in code is either error translation and re-throw, resource cleanup, or automatic retries (sometimes you retry the same request, sometimes you try a fallback option, but it's still the same idea). The user however may be able to check and actually fix their internet connection, they may fix the typo they did in the config file, they may call support to see what's happening to the database etc. - your program can't do any of these things. That's why exceptions work so well in most languages, especially GC languages where you have dramatically fewer resources to cleanup: they bubble up automatically towards the initial caller, which is often the user. Threading messes with this, but if you use the more modern async style (async/await in most languages) you get proper exception propagation even then. How often do you actually need to handle those errors differently? In my experience, it is vastly more likely that a function which can throw errors in Java looks like this: Stuff foo() throws SameException { return doOtherStuff(doStuff()) } Whereas in Go the exact same function must be written like this: func foo() (Stuff, SameException) { thing1, err := doStuff() if err != nil { return err } thing2, err := doOtherStuff(thing1) if err != nil { return err } } Propagating is by far the most common "error handling" and Go constantly makes you break the flow of the code to do it. The difference with catch blocks in Java, C++ or Python is that you only need to write them when you actually have something g meaningful to do. If you only need to propagate the error or cleanup resources then propagate the error, then all you would write is... Nothing. And cleanup+propagation is by far the most common error handling strategy. In Java and Python exceptions even add context for you automatically to help track down what happened. Go the language is surprisingly complex and error prone compared to other GC languages because of its decision to allow explicit references. This adds an extra layer of semantics to nearly every aspect of the language. For example, the semantics of the for-over-collection statement in Java are that it repeats the block of code, with the loop variable holding each value of the collection in turn. In Go, the equivalent statement also needs to document what it means to take the reference to the loop variable. Composite data types have semantics for taking references to sub-parts (struct and arrays/slices allow taking references, maps do not). Slices and arrays are another complicated area of the language, with gotchas like append sometimes modifying the original array, sometimes not. Regarding splits, you still have that in Go as well - do you use goroutines as coroutines, sending copies of objects through channels? Or do you use them as threads, with shared memory and locking? Do you use the testing package as is, with its lack of any user-friendly asserts? Or do you pick up an assertion library? Do you use raw http,or something la Gorilla? Sql or some ORM? Do you log to stdout, or do you pick up a logging library? Regarding gofmt, I personally can't understand the passion some people have for enforcing a common style. Regarding build tools, Go is hardly unique among modern languages in having built-in tooling for that. It's relative ease of deployment also means that Go's build tools can't be used alone in a multi-language project, so many of the apparent simplicity is only useful in a subset of projects that actually use only Go. Even then, if you have any other build artifacts you may find you need to reach for something other than Go's tooling. By comparison, Maven can easily handle a Java+minor bits-in-other-languages project out-of-the-box. Not to mention that Go is probably the only language in any kind of popular use today that doesn't have a built-in way to interface with C code (you need to use a separate compiler if you want that!). To me, Go has a single killer feature: binary and memory size for a GC language. And Java may be catching up on that area... The fact that you need to add context to errors usually exacerbates the problem and makes it even harder to read the code. You often end up with err = doThing() if err! = nil { return errors.New("Error doing thing", err) } This doesn't add any useful information for whoever is reading the code, it's just boilerplate that you learn to skip while reviewing, while hopefully not missing any important thing that does happen on the error path. As for 'programming with the error', I would like to see an actual use case for constantly doing this, and why exceptions would prevent that pattern. The only one I can remember is something highlighted as a 'good practice' by Rob himself: write everything you want to a bufio.Writer, without checking the error messages, and then calling Flush and only then checking if maybe something failed. If this is good, safe, sad-path-first, errors-are-values style... then my taste in programming is obviously bad. Obviously, the same could be achieved with exceptions. Oops, I forgot if errors.New takes the 'cause' as well. Regarding you example: the code itself still contains redundant information for someone reading it. True, the error ends up being nicer, though I would argue that the user would have been better served with a simple 'failed to load template file: /tmp/test.tpl', no need to show the pseudo call stack (so, only the fictional template loader should have been wrapping the error,for this particular case). And for a developer, the full call stack may be more useful. Exceptions would give you both for free - a nice message that can be shared to the user by whoever caused the most understandable error, and a call stack that can be logged at the upper layer so developers can see it if a bug is logged, and get a much fuller context. Java also makes you handle every possible error condition, unless of course you chose to use an escape hatch. Rust allows the same. By the way, Go is much happier to crash than Java - for example, a simple array index out of range will cause a program crash in a typical Go program, where it would only cause a request failure in a typical Java program. Not sure how Rust handles this. Finally, choose that isn't tested (manually or automatically) is very unlikely to work. Maybe you can guarantee it doesn't crash, which is a much weaker guarantee, but I doubt even fully proven code (like seL4) is all bug-free before ever being run. You could also write the first function body as Stuff thing1 = doStuff() return doOtherStuff(thung1) It's still easier to read without the explicit error handling. > It's true that having value types in addition to reference types (while other GC languages often only have reference types) adds some complexity to the language, it's not much and it's still much less complex and error prone than other GC languages. Also, C# has value types and Java desperately wants them, so I think it's pretty clear that they're worth the extra bit of complexity. My point was not about value types, but about taking the address of some thing; neither C# (except the extremely rarely used `unsafe` subset) nor planned versions of Java have this ability. To be fair though, C# does have something somewhat equivalent - lambdas may capture a local variable such as a loop variable, in which case you do need to know if each iteration creates a new variable or changes the value of the same variable. Java doesn't allow this at all. Even in C#, you can't capture a part of a structure, so the complexity is more limited. There are other aspects to Go's complexity as a language - multiple syntaxes for declaring a variable, multiple other ways of declaring constants, iota, named return variables, function scope VS local scope, the limits of what can constitute a map key, what kind of structs can be compared for equality,special syntax that looks like multiple assignment but isn't, and probably others. My point is that Go is not a very simple or consistent language. Java for example is still simpler. C# is more complex, but more consistent. > I don't see why every language should have a build tool that can build it + small bits of other languages. A build tool should build that language well, and extend it for bigger projects using a wrapper tool like Make or Bazel depending on use case. Unix philosophy and all that. The reason is tracking dependencies. If I have a pure Go project, I can rely entirely on modules to manage my dependencies. If I need one python package, I now need to find a new tool to declare my dependency and orchestrate things. With Maven, for example, I can just export the python package as a Maven module and keep using Maven for my entire build. To me, a dependency management system that is strictly language specific is only useful as a starter tool - almost certainly, once you are working on a real project, you will drop that tool entirely and have to use soemthing else, as dependencies are a cross-language problem. That said, it is nice to have a dependency tool available as you're getting your feet wet, so I shouldn't really be complaining that Go offers this. > Every language (even C++) needs another compiler to compile C code before it can be called into. And once it's compiled, it's no more difficult to call into it from Go than from Java or C# or Python or etc. First of all, I must admit that I was wrong about how Go handles CFFI. I was under the wrong impression that cgo is an alternative to the standard go compiler, and that you have to build your program with cgo instead of go build in order to be able to link to C code. Since I now understand that cgo is simply a tool to generate the necessary boilerplate to interoperate C and Go, you're right, it's actually much nicer than what Java or Pyhton offer. Note, I am aware that you need a C compiler to build your C code; I just thought that there are 2 Go compilers, one for pure Go, and a different one for Go plus dynamic linking to C. C# is still simpler, since it doesn't need any external tool or C compiler - you simply declare the C# headers for the C functions you want to invoke, and annotate them to declare the shared library they should be searched in, and the CLR handles the glue for you. --- There were a few other points, like gofmt where we simply have different experiences and I don't think it's productive to argue. There are others where I had misunderstood you as claiming Go is especially good at, and I understand your point was simply that it checks those boxes, which I agree with. So how did Rust handle the case of a function that may return an error or nothing? Can you forget to check the error, or does it force you to explicitly handle it in some way? I understand how Result forces you to handle the possibility of an error when you want to access the actual return value, but I don't know what happens if you aren't planning on accessing the return. I'm also curious how Result-based error handling composes. For example, if I want to sort a list of structs where my comparison function may fail, can I use the built-in sort function, and still get any error that may have occurred back? With (unchecked) exceptions, this is trivially easy - the sort() function doesn't need to be aware of exceptions in order for them to be propagated through it. With checked exceptions in Java, you need to go through a little dance of wrapping and unwrapping, but it can still be done. If I understand correctly, in Haskell this can be done with the Either monad and liftM, though I can't claim to understand the specifics. Is there a Rust solution? Given our disastrous track record with any sort of environmental engineering, I don't think this is a good pandora's box to open. Also, any plausible form of geoengineering still requires carbon emissions to be reduced to 0 as soon as possible. Since that is known to be within our technical capacities, and known to be safe, it still seems like the first step that we must dedicate our energies to. > What it boils down to for me is which side do you want to win? Being fair and impartial doesn't mean considering that both of the nations are the same and the outcome will be the same if either side wins, with only a different name and flag for the victor. Your argument makes sense, but it starts with a very flawed assumption: that Iran wants to dominate the world. The reality accepted by everyone except the US and its few allies on this issue is that Iran is an extremely defensive country. The current regime, and the country in general, feels threatened in the region, being generally sorrounded by belligerent hostile countries, with the backing of the US (Saudi Arabia and Israel being the most powerful and the most belligerent). So, if Iran wins, what will actually happen is that Iran will be left alone to function just like any other non-democratic state. Is the regime bad for its people? Yes. Is it better than being at war? Absolutely. And regarding nuclear weapons, Iran has declared numerous times that it would gladly participate in an agreement, enforced by UN/IANA inspectors, to declare the entire region a nuclear-free area. Israel is blocking any such agreement. Iran has entered deals with the US and other western countries to renounce its nuclear weapons program in exchange for lifting the embargo and other kinds of help. The US has backed up from these deals twice now. The second time, they have not even claimed to have any evidence that Iran is not respecting the deal; and the other parties to the agreement, like the entire rest of 'the West' have in fact remained in the deal, as has Iran, despite the new US sanctions (deemed illegal by the UN). As others have mentioned, this would be true only if by 'liberal' you understand 'in full agreement with US policy'. The most relevant example is actually Iran: the US and UK orchestrated a coup to get rid of the last democratic regime in Iran and reinstall the militaristic, authoritarian Shah. They have done the same or similar in a lot of South America, starting well before the world wars. That is not to say that they are unique in this - it is how all empires operate. My point is only that the US is not some idealistic, freedom, democracy, and everything good loving benefactor of the world. It is an empire, one that is quite good to its own people but that ruthlessly pursuits its rational interests abroad. The second deal I was talking about is precisely the current one, the JCPOA, which Iran is abiding according to all objective observers. Iran's most rabid enemy illegally owns nuclear weapons, while the world's greatest super power is helping them hide it. Iran's position makes logical sense, and the best way to ensure they have no reason not to abide by the NPT would be to actually uphold the NPT, not to selectively enforce it against Iran but not the country threatening it. Aren't quantum processors essentially special purpose accelerators, where most of the computation is still done on a classical computer? Shor's algorithm at least looks that way. It's basically for performance reasons, as I understand it, not technical limitations or something like that. There is an explanation in the article - basically, this is done for performance reasons. Especially for large types (e.g. collections) in-equality can short-circuit very quickly, whereas comparison may need to see a large part of the collection before being able to return. The most pathological example is two large arrays of different size, that are element-by-element equal for the first million elements. Equality can return false after seeing the size difference, but needs to reach the millionth-and-1 element before being bale to return a value. The commission was especially concerned because the two operators would be functionally equivalent - so, it would be difficult to rely on testing to make sure the equality operator is also implemented. I'm hoping you're being sarcastic - if so, you're right, the US is becoming more and more transparent in its use of power to simply force countries to do whatever it wants. A lot of advertising money is actually lost from the economy to profit for advertisers, stock buybacks, bonuses for the ultra-rich etc. But advertising is explicitly designed to skew that measure - the purpose of essentially all advertising, and certainly all of Coke/Pepsi's advertising, is to convince people that they need something that they don't need; and to make them appeal to their feelings instead of their rationality when doing purchasing decisions (e.g. by inspiring brand loyalty). Corporate TLS Inspection products rely on each user (or the system administrators) installing the MITM certificate on all corporate systems. Unless users are also installing 'public' root certificates, this is a non-issue. And if users are installing bad root certificates, then a fully closed wifi network will not be very good protection either way. Now, nation states, which may be able to obtain valid PKI certificates for MITM purposes, are a whole other level of adversary. Still, again, anyone who can do that will probably not be deterred by you using a WPA-PSK2 protected Wi-Fi AP. So, overall, I don't see what kind of increased security risk you would be exposing yourself to by using public wifi networks. Yes: all connections. Both those from public WiFi and from secure wired connections and anything else. Point still stands: there is no extra risk form using a public WiFi as long as your traffic is encrypted. Gravity is a major part of the human experience, at least for all humans that live close enough to a celestial body to be forced with their feet to the ground. One look at how astronauts live in space will show you that there is more to the regular human experience than electromagnetism. It would be pretty interesting to imagine what daily life would look like with only the strong and weak forces, true. It's not just memory discipline that is pretty bad (and not just in the OSS world). I've recently seen several newer languages refuse to deal elegantly with low-level errors. For example, in a Java server application, if one request encounters some buggy code that tries to read past the end of an array, that request will fail, but all others will succeed - this will give a good chance for the system to be usable, and getting a good bug request, with system-generated diagnostics, for the buggy requests. However, in Go or Rust, the same scenario panics and kills the entire process by default - turning a potentially minor bug in some obscure part of the system into a system-wide crash. OOM is obviously harder to deal with (e.g. if one request is using too much memory, there's no guarantee that it won't be other requests actually seeing the OOM errors first), so if we don't even want to deal with the easy stuff, how can we hope to deal gracefully with the hard ones? You can't have an anonymous system that simultaneously allows meaningful verification: if there is no way to tie me to my vote in the system, then there is no way for me to prove that my vote was misrepresented to anyone but myself. Even if there were, there is no way for me to prove that my claim about my vote is correct. Even if many people come out claiming that their votes are mis-represented, there is no way to know whether that is a sign of errors/tampering with the system, or a concerted campaign to try to put the election in doubt. Any system which foregoes physical proof of voting as a base for the count, relying instead on after-the-fact verification, is open to this problem. A complex system, whether software or even mechanical, can never match this level of confidence. You're supposed to write correct code in Java as well. The reality is that it doesn't always happen. C doesn't claim to handle the issue at all, and doesn't verify it, which is at least a performance gain. Rust does verify it, but issues an error type that is not guaranteed to be recoverable at all. > Because you're not truly out of o memory at that point. there are still pages that can be evicted. No, you are truly out of RAM at that point - the amount of RAM all processes need exceeds the amount of memory the system has, and the user has indicated that no swapping should be done. Now, if the kernel truly wanted to handle this case gracefully by swapping disk-backed files, I think it should also tell the process scheduler about this, and enter a special mode where only processes whose code is currently resident would be allowed to run, until they hit a hard wait. This might prevent the thrashing behavior in many cases (assuming processes don't interact too much with memory-mapped files). Otherwise, every context switch initiated by the scheduler is likely to cause another page fault event. Have you ever heard of Mondragon? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mondragon_Corporation It's more of less a large co-op and, according to Wikipedia: > It is the tenth-largest Spanish company in terms of asset turnover and the leading business group in the Basque Country. The hypothesis that there is no universal truth is self-defeating. It isn't necessarily wrong, but any deduction you would make from it meaningless, and if you truly choose to believe you should fall into solipsism. You yourself must believe in some universal truths, otherwise you would not attempt to communicate with other beings. So, in order to have any kind of discussion, you must start from a point where you believe that at least a large part of everyday experience (including other beings, their minds, physical objects, their interactions, our observation thereof and many others) exist in a meaningful sense, outside your own cognition. Now, any extrapolation from these base assumptions, is what we should think of as physics. For example, if I assume my eyes exist and my perception of the world is meaningful, then I must also conclude that the moon I see through a telescope exists to the same extent, and it's motion as I observe it exists, and I can search for explanations of that motion etc. If I were to not assume that my eyes perceive something which truly exists, I would have no reason to stand in front of a computer screen, hitting keys on my keyboard and watching the letters appear on the screen - it's possible in a very absolutist way, but it's simply not a productive way of looking at the world. Not really. Almost everyone in the world is producing more than they get payed. The only way to be guaranteed a job is to provide a better productivity/wage ratio than enough of your competitors. Depending on your profession, your competition might be smaller (eg highly specialized mechanics in the area) or huge (eg all low-skilled factory workers in the world). It depends. If I'm trying to sell an object for 5$ but can only sell it for 3, you're right, I've only produced 3$. However, if I'm working for a company and an object I created gets sold by the company for 5$,but the company is paying me 2$ and the salesman 1$,and declaring 2$ worth of profit, then the salesman and I have obviously produced 5$ worth of value together, but were paid 3$ for our work. Any profitable company by definition does exactly this (and nominally un-profitable ones may be doing the same). Air conditions are significantly more complex than road conditions, I would guess - wind direction, temperature differentials, air density may all vary and I imagine they could affect flight characteristics. It's true that you won't encounter pedestrians, and congestion will be much less of a problem initially, but birds are still a major concern. That is actually a good example of deceptive marketing. It happens that you want to see this doctor, so you don't notice th problem: you now have an association in your mind between the reputation of the doctor you know and respect and the hospital itself. You have no idea if other doctors for other specialties are comparable in skill. You have no idea if the hospital charges exaggerated prices, how their services are in general etc - the commercial is simply meant to appeal to your positive emotions about this particular doctor. And they didn't even have to lie about anything to obtain the effect. I think a huge benefit is the readability of more complex expressions (e.g. when you start introducing zip, groupBy, folds etc into the mix). They were created by the ascribe of a few powerful individuals (not in some conspiratorial way, I just mean the actions of a few company heads / marketing gurus etc), not by the individual actions of some billions of users. They will have to be dismantled the same way. Just to add to the cultural variety, in Romania, the eastern end of latin influence, "marmeladă" is one of 3 common kinds of fruit preserves - made by boiling fruits with no or relatively little sugar (maybe 1:10 sugar to fruit) until they harden into a paste. Apricot and plums are the most commonly used fruit for marmelade. The 2 preserve is "gem" (jam), which is similar, but made with some more sugar (say 4:10 upto 5:10), and ending up as more of a mush than a paste - coincidentally, this is the most common way of preserving quinces. The third one is "dulceață" (which translates ad literam to "sweetness") which is made with 1:1 sugar to fruit and ends up with whole fruit floating in a fruity sweet colored syrup (sometimes the fruit are dipped in calcium hydroxide before boiling to ensure they stay firm) - usually for strawberries, forest fruit, apricots, even peaches. We also make a quince jelly called "peltea" (a Turkish word), a clear, stiff, extremely sweet gelatin. This seems to be the exact equivalent of Portuguese marmelada. You keep missing the fact that there is no security/privacy advantage to what Google did, since the API for an extension to see every URL being accessed and use it in arbitrary ways still exists. They only removed the part where the extension could block that request from happening. Unfortunately, historical data suggests that ads are the only viable way to run a highly-profitable content delivery business. Look at newspapers and television - major, profitable ones have always been ad-driven,and that is despite the fact that they also had a physical cost. Newspapers especially fit your model of micro-payments: each newspaper is usually a minuscule amount of money, but that is never enough to sustain it. There is also the problem of incentives - even if your customers are paying to access the content, if you can then ALSO mix ads with the content, you are guaranteed more money, so businesses will usually be inclined to do so. > Tons of people paid for content before the Web. Newspapers, magazines, books, CDs, DVDs, cable TV, premium channels. Sure, but newspapers, magazines, cable TV and premium channels have never really lived off of customer payments, they were always ad-based businesses first (there are exceptions, such as small newspapers and HBO). I absolutely agree! I was just trying to point out that there was never any ad-free past at have strayed from. Perhaps though there is an ad-free future at could strive towards. I doubt it will happen within the current capitalist framework. In my family, compot was always consumed immediately, though I have heard others use it as a preserve as well. I'll show an example in C#, which has some of the best list comprehension syntax in my opinion (LINQ): from category in categories where category.Name.Contains("food") join product in products on product.CategoryID equals category.ID select new { Name = category.Name, MostExpensive = (from categoryProduct in productGroup orderby categoryProduct.Price descending select categoryProduct) .First() } In C#, with HOFs, this becomes: categories .Where( category => category.Name.Contains("food")) .GroupJoin(products, category => category.ID, product => product.CategoryID, (category, productGroup) => new { Name = category.Name, MostExpensive = productGroup.OrderByDescending( product => product.Price) .First() } ) The second higher-oder function form has 2 disadvantages that I see: (1) for every subclause, it must mention the lambda parameter again (with more filtering/ordering/mapping this becomes much more noticeable); (2) it is easier to mess up the order of parameters, especially for something like Join/GroupJoin, which takes 5 parameters. > The memory safety stuff is great, but I really think that having a richer type system like this is more fundamentally what prevents bugs I know this is only tangentially related to your point, but all the research I have read about points to the opposite conclusion - richer and stricter type systems don't have a proven effect on bugs, whereas memory safety is guaranteed to eliminate whole classes of bugs. One guess why this would be true, despite your good example of a type system-level fix that would have prevented this bug entirely, is that memory safety is automatic (or at least opt-out), while the richer types are opt-in: nothing in Rust (or Java etc) would have prevented writing the original C, the programmer would have had to think about using the enum or other equivalent in order for the compiler to help. Granted, in this case they would almost certainly have done so, as enums are just so much nicer than flag checking, but for other type-level solutions the same may not happen. From my experience, JS is relatively portable, at least if you stay away from some corners. CSS (and some aspects of HTML) are a much more likely reason for strange differences between browsers. Another common culprit for browser-specific bugs is simply using browser-specific CSS extensions, because sometimes it is simpler than fiddling with standard CSS until it looks right. It is obvious and well known that phenomena happen in the outisde world, but experience happens in the brain - Perception, usually mediated through Sensing. But when I remember seeing a friend in a dream, that is a real memory of a real experience, but there was no phenomenon in the world outside my head that caused the experience. At the current level of understanding, it is pretty clear that if we could send the correct signals we control on the optic nerve, we would be causing the brain to have an experience to the same extent that the retina does. I don't think we know enough yet to go further than the optic nerve and say that we could induce a signal 'after' the optic nerve and produce the exact same effect,but that is still plausible. The next level of manipulation would be to induce signals into the brain as if they are coming from the visual processing area without directly stimulating the visual processing center at all - this is far further into the future, if it is even possible. I know this is all in the realm of pure speculation anyway, but why would you think it's plausible that a memory must be re-written instead of being deleted? People forget things all the time, so obviously you don't need to have an uninterrupted memory of your life so far. Are you simply thinking that memories only get deleted to make room for some other memories, not necessarily of the same events? That is confusing terms. Propaganda can and usually is built out of true news as well as fake stories - true news presented selectively, given a specific interpretation etc. can be a very powerful tool. Fake stories and their spread are a different matter - they can be a form of propaganda as well, but they can also serve other properties (selling ads, such as in spam, is a major reason for fake stories). There are many types of events where there exists an objective truth. 'humans went to the moon', for example, is a statement whose truth is objective. You may choose to believe this truth or not, but you can't say 'the truth is more complicated than that'. Of course 'Americans went to the moon to further the human condition' is an example of statement for which there is likely not an objective truth - the terms themselves are fuzzy, people usually have multiple reasons and contradictory feelings about their reasons etc. So if I post a story claiming Hillary Clinton is running a child sex trafficking ring from a pizza place basement, that is unequivocally false. If I run a story saying Hillary Clinton is an evil person seeking to lead the country astray, that may or may not be true depending on many different factors, definitions, personal beliefs etc. It would be wrong to label it as fake news,for this reason. More to the point, memory-safe languages cannot have these types of vulnerabilities regardless of other aspects of the type system. I like this analogy, but I think an even bigger problem than distance contraction is that in fact the lawnmower can go east-west on one axis, but only towards the north on the other axis, towards the future, at least as far as we have observed in macroscopic systems. This may not be a problem for some definitions of time, but for the notion of time which goes from past to future, I don't think the analogy holds very well. Let me put it another way: from any point in space, we know you can move to any other point in space, in a finite amount of time (disregarding the accelerating expansion of the universe). As far as we have observed, the same is not true with (the common-language definition of) time - I can't go back to the moment I was born, for example. Wait till you hear what happens to these same animals in the woods! I don't mean to be dismissive, and I do believe that there are legitimate ethical and environmental (and maybe even health-related) motivations for being a vegetarian. However, I don't see a problem with the slaughter itself, especially as practiced in modern societies. It is significantly more humane than most ways a lot of animals die in the wild, killed in a desparte struggle, or eaten away by disease. The much bigger ethical problem is the way we force most of these animals to live in industrial settings, cooped up, filthy, unmoving. This is the true ethical dilemma of industrial farming. Hopefully, if we stopped eating and throwing away the vast quantities of meat we do today, we could get back to more sustainable and more humane animal husbandry, while still being able to occasionally enjoy meat - to boot, it will even be much better tasting, if the animals are allowed to roam and eat grass. Most animals are hunted, flee in terror, are wounded, subdued, all while fully conscious. Only then, SOMETIMES, do they get killed by biting. Sometimes they are not even fully dead before the predator starts tearing their flesh. And this is assuming they die by predator - otherwise, they may escape with a wound which gets infected, and they will get diseased, maggot ridden, and probably go hungry as well. Nature rarely offers a peaceful death. The assumption is that there is a set of laws of physics which are consistent with our observations, that are the same across space, that do not vary with time, and that all phenomena in the universe are ultimately caused by these laws. Whether these are the laws of nature, the laws of a simulation, or the laws of some Gods playing around, it makes no difference. Unfortunately, without these assumptions it is impossible to have any kind of scientific knowledge - if we can't assume that the sun rising for the last hundred thousand years means it will rise again tomorrow, or if we don't assume that the universe extends in the past as well as the future, there is nothing meaningful to study. Note: the laws of physics I am talking about above could be very different from what we know today - just as QM and Relativity are to Newtonian physics - but that would not change the assumptions I'm talking about. Well, it's especially in those situations that you need institutional controls to forbid the logically correct choice. After all, you don't really need a law telling companies they aren't allowed to hire infants as senior officers - it's already not in the company's interest to do so. However, when there is a logically correct but politically incorrect decision that the company could make, it is now that you need laws to prevent the company from taking that choice. Of course, as the weight of an institution's decisions goes down, so does the need to police its actions. In particular, it is rarely necessary to prevent an individual person from acting on their biases. Applying this to your example, if we had an AI that should suggest your best route home, and it avoided a short route through a bad neighborhood, that is likely ok. However, if a municipality used the same AI to decide where to prioritize changing street lights, that should be prohibited. The flip side is stuff like Windows getting Firefox updates months ahead of Ubuntu (not sure if Fedora addresses this somehow), back in the day. There is something to be said about letting application developers control the update rhythm of their application's releases. It always bothers me that, when discussing why `[]struct` can't be passed to a function expecting `[]interface{}` in Go, people always give the explanation that it would require extra memory allocation and so on. If it were only that, this would be a fixable problem. What you should instead mention in these cases is that it would be fundamentally type unsafe to do this. Slices are mutable, so `[]struct` does not fulfill the contract for `[]interface{} `, since I can store any Go type in an `[]interface`{} , but not in an `[]struct`. The same is true for pointers. Note: if this were only a problem of memory layout, the designers of Go could have built into the language a special type that wraps a slice of structs and behaves like a slice of interfaces, by doing automatic wrapping/unwrapping when you read from/write to an index. This would obviously complicate the runtime, so it may not be desirable anyway, but it could be done and it would solve the problem discussed in the article. In contrast, there is no way to solve the fundemtal type mismatch, so I see it as a much better explanation. To be fair to the author of the article, the official Go blog, written by Go's designers, offers the same explanation as the article, unfortunately. Note that in the meantime, C# has gotten this pretty right, with IEnumerable (a read-only list) and support for co- and contra-variance at type declaration time. Hopefully, some day, Go will also get this 'obscure' feature, though I'm not holding my breath. I would be extremely surprised if their initial version of generics will support anything like this. In Java, Cat[] can be passed to a function expecting Animal[]. List can't be passed to someone expecting List . The first case is allowed by the language, but it is not type-safe - depending on your usage, you may get type errors at runtime (trying to write a Dog to an Animal[] that is actually a Cat[]). Java does also support a safe way of achieving variance - your function can take a List , in which case you can pass a List to it. The compiler also makes sure that a function that takes a List can't write a Dog to that list, so this is actually type safe. The problem of finding implementations of an interface is harder if they live in separate packages, isn't it? Why would it be a non-issue? I'm not saying that we should define them together, the article makes sense in its recommendation. I'm just saying that the GP also seems correct to me, there is a problem in finding interface implementations in Go that would be lessened by explicit implementation (though I hope go pls will fix this on the tooling side). As I explained, that is wrong. You would need a different type, let's call it read-only-slice,to support that. To make the problem more explicit, let's say you have func baz(bars []Bar) { bars[0] = nil } type Foo struct {} baz(make([]Foo, 5)) In this case, the program would fail at runtime, as you can't store a nil in a slice of Foos. The baz() function is perfectly correct in itself, if you passed an array of Bars it would work perfectly. Well, that would allow you to call the function, but now you can't write the body of the function without reflection: you can't iterate over an interface{}, and you can't cast a []struct (edit) wrapped in an interface{} (/edit) to a []SomeInterface, so you're back to square one. The way I see it, you normally have 3 places where an interface is 'used': 1. there is code written to depend on the interface 2. there is code written to satisfy the interface 3. there is code written to pass some implementation to a function using the interface The recommendation, which I agree with, is to define the interface in area 1, which is always a specific package. Areas 2 and 3 can be spread all over the code, in different places. io.Reader is a good example - there is a single io package, and most code which does something with an io.Reader is there. Implementations exist in many places, some in the standard library, some in your own code base. Then, all over your code base, you may have code which takes some specific implementation of an io.Reader and calls some function in io and passes that specific Reader to it. This shows that even if you respect the recommendation in the code, you can still end up with many places which 'use' an interface in some sense. Now, to give a more specific use case, say I have defined an interface which takes a slice, but I expect that the slice is used in a read-only manner. I want to audit all existing implementations to ensure that they respect these semantics, and I can only do that by hand since I can't express this in Go's type system. Another simpler example is that I know what function I want to call, and what interface it takes, and now I want to find out what implementations exist for that interface, to see if I can re-use one of them or if I need to create a new implementation. The compiler will only complain if the intended semantics are fully expressed in the type system, which would be difficult to do in Haskell or Idris, and is completely impossible in Go. If I maintain both the consumer and the producer of the interface, it is my job to find all implementations of that interface and ensure that they respect the intended semantics. Counterpoint: if you modify the call site to pass in a new value, you don't know whether the function will accept it or not, since you've opted out of any compiler verification. My point was that it is a bad idea to write functions that take an interface{} and try to reflect on it, since you are putting out of all compiler checks. You also get a much, much slower function. In my own real world code, this problem comes up daily or more - I have a concrete class, but is it through an interface for mocking purposes. When I am trying to follow the code which uses the interface, I want to follow what galena to the values passed into the interface, through the real (or sometimes mock) implementation. Hopefully gopls will some day be able to do this, but it is a constant annoyance at the moment that I have to break my flow and search for the implementation class by hand. I am honestly considering just getting rid of the interface and finding some other hackish way to mock the code, just because of the improvement in ease of following the code. That would be nice in principle, but where do you expect the error to be thrown in the example above? I don't know of any language which tries to automatically deduce whether a variable is used in a read-only manner or not, and base covariance on this deduction. Even C++, which allows you to explicitly annotate an array to declare that it is read-only (const vector ) doesn't allow you to pass an array of derived elements instead, so I assume there is some difficulty in implementing these checks and ensuring correctness. Because as code evolves you may find you need some logging in pureFun and now you have to go and sprinkle some IO wherever pureFun is used, which may propagate to who knows how many other places. Of course, I suppose there is always unsafePerformIO, at least for those late-night debug sessions. To be pedantic, Java perfectly encodes the information that a piece of data can be missing - any type supports null as a valid value. What it can't do is encode the information that a piece of data CAN'T be missing. As I understand it, a function use :: Item -> Item in Haskell guarantees that it can't change any property of any item;even more so if the function were use :: Item -> Effect, as could be done on the initial assumption that Items can't change. Because you suspect that it has a bug and need to see intermediate outputs to verify. I know that Haskell's lazyness adds an extra layer of complexity to this problem. However, disregarding the implementation details, here is the abstract problem: I have a program which is reading some complex data structure from IO, applying a complex, pure pipeline to it, and sending the reply back through IO. Now, say the output is not correct in some way. Your only chance of debugging the issue is to somehow visualize some of the intermediate values, right? This being a pure pipeline, you don't need to have logging in production. You could just log the input value, and when a bug occurs, run the same input value from the logs through a modified version of the original pipeline with some logging sprinkled throughout - you're right on this side. Now, I expect that there are many situations where adding the logging in production is still preferable - maybe the pure pipeline is in development and some kind sof issues are frequently occurring, maybe the pipeline takes too long to re-run, so it's just easier to have the logs from the first run etc. > What people are working on is usually unrelated and of no interest to each other I think this is the key difference between teams that like stand-ups and teams that don't. In the teams I've worked in, our work was highly relevant to one another, so knowing daily where everyone was with their tasks is usually interesting to everyone. The idea of counting syllables for languages other than English reminded me of a fun personal experience. When I was in high-school, I was in a camp with some American Peace Corps students in my country. They were learning Romanian since they had been spending some time here and were curious. At one point, one of them asked 'how do you say "hug"?' to which we replied 'îmbrățișare' (uhm-bruh-tzee-shuh-reh, approximately). They were taken aback, and after a pause, jokingly quipped 'don't you have a shorter word? Like... Hug?'. Just a note, but differences like 'pee' vs 'micturate' are common in all European languages at least, even the romance languages. The more formal words are often almost identical, derived from a cleaner Latin with fewer phonetic transformations than the more vulgar words. Yes, that is the same root. Just as a side note, 'brace' here (brațe in Romanian, braccia in Italian) is simply the word for arms (as in hands, not as in swords), so the word in romance languages sounds essentially like 'enarm' would in English (without the weapon connotation). I think that the vast majority of the public would be much more likely to switch to a currency with Visa and Mastercard's involvement than a currency which doesn't have them on board. I am honestly wondering which audience you think was losing confidence in this project because of Visa et al. But the only way to do the second is to keep a separate 'ledger' associating real people/companies with network wallets, and to ban the use of wallets whose ownership is not known. And this automatically brings back a lot of hassle with verifying paperwork, it again allows people to be barred from the network, and it again prevents people withput paperwork from owning currency. - Governments: oh yes, we'll trade our ability to set monetary policies for the off-chance that someone who wanted to hide from regulators will choose to trust Facebook with their shady transactions, and will continue to do so after the first time we catch them in the act based on data Facebook provided to us. I completely disagree, coming from a Java and C# background. There are nice aspects to reading Go, but any function which does some kind of error-prone operation is so hard to grok, it gets tiring - the actual purpose is constantly interrupted by 'if err := nil' so much. And gods help you if there is some actual non-trivial error handling going on, as you've generally learned to gloss over and can easily miss that one place that actually does something with an error other than log and return. Also, while admittedly rare, trying to review code that needs to copy structs around, if they also involve pointers or slices, is just hell. I can speak as someone who is building a microservice application in Go and was actually part of the decision to use Go, rather than Java or C# which we traditionally used. I also find Go-the-language unacceptably crippled. Unfortunately, Go-the-runtime is the only best runtime for microservice-based applications, if you want a GC, especially if you want to run the system on limited hardware. All the other options are either too bloated to comfortably spawn in large numbers (Java, C#, Node, Python, Ruby take too long to start, use too much RAM , and/or give you too large containers), or are too new and unproven (Nim). So, we chose to use the inferior language and line with a small hit to productivity (language choice has little impact on productivity after the learning stage anyway) for the superior runtime system. From the first list, adding generics would essentially automatically also give you type-safe concurrent maps and map/filter/zip/etc. Google did not have an OpenJDK alternative, they had a implementation of a language and stdlib that was 99% identical to Java. Of all of Chomsky's positions that I have read, the propaganda model is the hardest to doubt - it seems almost unassailable. Are there any convincing criticisms of it? Basically, open source software that has stood the test of time has either been supported by non-commercial entities (e.g. GNU, Firefox) or has been a collaboration of many commercial entities (e.g. Linux, clang, Java). Trying to sell a free product that you are developing does not seem like a workable business model. Open-source products which are developed almost entirely by a company with a questionable business model are unlikely to remain healthy in the long run. That is not his thesis at all. He is claiming that in most cases mainstream media will be supportive of American imperialism (it applies more broadly than the US, but let's limit it for now). Of course there are factions within the most powerful, but there are also universal interests. For example, there are no rich or powerful groups in the US who are pro unionization in tech or pro worker's co-ops (there may be individuals, sure, but you won't find a PAC or lobby group). There are no rich or powerful groups in the US who would accept unilateral nuclear disarmament. There are no rich or powerful groups in the US which consider the US has no legal or moral rights to intervene militarily unilaterally anywhere in the world. Of course, there are sometimes 'dissident' groups, like the currently surprisingly popular Bernie Sanders movement. If they do get a foothold, some popular opinions may also change. But such moments are a good time to test the hypothesis, and you can easily see how much the media, 'left' or right, is against the Bernie campaign, and considers it naive or pie-in-the-sky. Overall, going on the empirical path, you'll be really hard-pressed to find any US mainstream media critical of US actions, or often even reporting on relevant events, if they put the US in a bad light. But we do! To a great extent, anyway. There is a spectrum of opinion, but it broadly goes between 'the most important thing is that the biggest corporations continue to make a larger profit, damn all else' at the extreme right, and 'we should make sure there is a modicum of prosperity for everyone, so that they will keep supporting our goal of ever increasing profit, damn almost everything else'. There are other topics where there is a wider variety of opinions (e.g. climate change, though even there, addressing climate change is only considered to the extent that it wouldn't hurt profit too much, or universal healthcare). There may very rarely be an article or two that really are going against the grain, but that is to be expected, since there is no claim of hard censorship. But even now, how are the elites not united in most goals? Are the new tech elite pro workers rights? Are they for radical action to stop global warming? Are they anti-monopoly? Are they pro corporate taxation? Are they anti-interventionist? There may be in-fighting between the elites, but that does not mean that these groups are not still aligned on most broad topics. Teh same has always been true for democrats VS Republicans. They do care who gets to be in power, and will fight tooth-and-nail for that, but neither will do anything that would hurt the elites in general. No, the mass-media that Chomsky discusses very much includes Hollywood, Jeff Bezos' newspapers, gaming companies and any other popular company producing media. Of course there is in-fighting amongst the elites. But there is no group of elites that is willing to reduce the power of even a different group in favor of 'the masses'. The NY/DC media moguls may want to take SV down a peg, but they wouldn't want to see, say, FB become a worker's co-op, or Jeff Bezos to start paying 90% progressive income tax. As a city kid who likes doing this, there are two aspects for me. One is simply the game of going through the forest and carefully scanning the ground, looking at bunches of leaves - is that just leaves? Or a young mushroom just coming out? Then, when you do find a mushroom, checking if it's firm and good to eat, enjoying the alien aspect of the thing etc. The other aspect is the wonderful taste of these. In my country we have porcini and chanterelle mushrooms in the wild, and finding some makes for an absolutely delicious breakfast the next day. You usually can't get fresh forest mushrooms any other way here, and in the rare occasions that you do find them, they are extremely expensive. Go is much better! Let's just return an error, and hope someone looks at it. Oh, and if that hope was wrong in Java? Thread does, nice call stack in logs. In Go? Well, the program will go on with some default - value struct, most likely. > Men and women still don't work well together. The attraction dynamics between them still overpower any attempts at keeping things professional. The social differences are still all there. This sentiment is very strange to me, coming from an IT company with lots of both men and women co-workers. Of course there is sometimes sexual attraction at work, as there probably is for any gay colleagues. Maybe it sometimes even causes tensions. But it is in no way 'overpowering' the ability to work well together, as team members, as managers or as subordinates. There are many social dynamics that complicate pure professionalism. Feelings of attraction are nothing compared to ego or to the desire of climbing the ladder at any price, in my experience. Later edit: > As a proud owner of an ADHD brain, I don't understand the victimhood narrative at all. If someone doesn't want to work with me because I feel "weird" to them, why would I want to work with them? Why should they be forced to work with me? Who says I'm entitled to a job? Who says they owe me anything? In our society, work is essentially the only possibility of leading a decent life (assuming you're not born rich, of course). As such, the right to work for any group must be protected by the state. Historically, blocking the right to work has been a favorite tactic against hated groups - black people, gay people, trans people are the most recent examples. You're discussing from a position that puts team efficiency (and company efficiency) above any other value. You may in fact be right that certain kinds of diversity can hurt team efficiency (for an obvious example, if you already have a team of white power types, hiring a black man on that mteam will lead to morale issues). However, in practice, and especially for large companies, optimizing only for efficiency is simply not acceptable behavior. Since the ability to find a place to work is so important for any individual in our society to have a chance at a decent life, companies' social responsibilities must have them potentially sacrifice some efficiency to prevent discrimination of large groups. Note: I am not in any way claiming that disadvantaged groups are less efficient at work, there is absolutely not evidence of that. I am claiming that sometimes, to accept disadvantaged groups in a workplace may create some discomfort to the people who were already in that workplace, since statistically they were likely to hold biases against that discriminated group. Well, there are many ways to look at this. The most utilitarian is simply this: you could have a society in which people can live a decent life without having a job and without being born rich. In this society, companies could be allowed to only hire for maximal efficiency, since the state could e sure the livihood of those who don't get chosen for jobs by other means. However, such a society would be vastly different from our own - for example, it would be essentially impossible to hire for menial labor, since without the threat of starvation few people would choose to become garbage workers or maids. For another, you would necessarily have high taxes on the employed to be able to support the unemployed, which would lead to political problems and would likely be an unstable equilibrium. In our society we have chosen a different solution, pretty much all over the world: your ability to have food and shelter is conditioned on having a job (or being born rich), but in exchange, the state tries its best to guarantee you a job. We don't generally allow the state to operate companies, so the only way for the state to guarantee jobs is to incentivize and even force companies to employ people without discrimination, to at least some extent. Now, my personal belief is that the justification should come the other way around - why do we allow society to judge your right to a basic livelihood by any criteria at all? But I'm guessing that would not be a compelling argument, and I can't claim to have a working picture of how such a society could look like. For (1) I think the 'intelligence' that we discriminate for in all those cases is such a vague term that it essentially means 'being good at X'. If that is the case, obviously we discriminate by it, because we try to choose people who are better at X when trying to find people for X. Tether there is a single underlying characteristic that makes you better at X (a pre-determined IQ) that is discriminated for is perhaps harder to know. I certainly don't think that school for example advances students based purely on intelligence - discipline, even obedience, like-ability, sometimes teamwork, are all at least as important to what makes most good students successful. Related to 2,my answer is very simple: companies don't take the full burden, at least in most countries. In general, there is a shared burden - the employee has reduced pay, the state is paying for some or most of that, and the company is forced to keep the position open for the employee when they decide to return. In my country at least, they are also free to hire a temp to fill that position for the 1 or 2 years of maternal leave. > $50 of hardware can accomplish this, today. Raspi running vehicle detection code. That's only true if you want hardware that sometimes detects some kind of vehicles, in the right weather and from the right angles. Truly reliably detecting this is much further away. The consequences of not getting it right are not as catastrophic as getting it wrong in a self-driving car, but they could still mess traffic up pretty badly. As far as I know, the US have never investigated a member of their government for war crimes, and have always shielded any US army person investigated in another country. It is a very simple policy: by definition, the US is carying out just wars, so there can be no war crimes perpetrated by the US army. At most, regrettable mistakes can be admitted to. This applies even when international courts have found the US guilty, since the US does not recognize the authority of international courts against them. See the case of the mining of Nicaragua's harbors https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicaragua_v._United_States Html form elements are laughably limited if you want to make an app - despite the years of using the web for apps, HTML+CSS is still only really usable for document-like pages. This is not necessarily a bad thing, mind, there is something to be said about how huge browsers are becoming, and shipping a full widget toolkit would bloat that up even more. > They clearly had a political slant, but they couldn't just ignore facts that they found inconvenient, or only mention them in hit pieces meant to discredit them. Newspapers ignored inconvenienent facts all the time, probably for all of human history. Even when they don't completely ignore some facts, they often choose to make a big deal of some facts and not of others. Some examples of the former would be the missing reporting on the US atrocities in South America, except maybe the Contra deal. The 100 catholic priests murdered in SA by US or US-supported troops were never mentioned, but the Soviet murder of 1 priest was an international scandal (as well it should be, but the others should have been an even bigger scandal). A very good example of the latter should be the COINTELPRO[1] revelation of the FBI actively seeking to blackmail and even assassinate members of civil rights groups, including an attempt to convince MLK to commit suicide, threatening to reveal his extra-marital affairs otherwise. This was reported to some extent, but then Watergate happened at around the same time, and, despite being much less worrying for normal people, it became one of the largest scandals in media, and COINTELPRO was forgotten from public discourse. [1] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/COINTELPRO As far as I know, Linux doesn't support library hotswapping any more than Windows does, so if you have a security update in libc for example, you can either manually restart all programs which use it, or reboot the system. Unless you do one of these, you don't have the security patch up and running, right? There are many differences. For one, few in the Soviet Union trusted Pravda, whileoat people in the US trust the picture of the world that the newspapers present. So, while the US newspapers were overall far more correct than Pravda, they were nevertheless much more effective propaganda tools, when they did choose, intentionally or through deep-seated biases, to 'massage' the truth. Still, each individual process using an updated library needs to be restarted for the update to take effect. The way I see it, Linux does give you much more flexibility in how to deal with these restarts; and the ability to overwrite libraries on disk guarantees you don't get into the horrible Windows update-restart-update-restart cycles: you only ever require one restart at most. However, there are also risks. For one, if you don't restart long-running processes which use updated shared libraries your system may be at risk; also, even if the update was not a vulnerability fix, it is technically possible for processes that communicate through a shared library to misbehave if they have different versions (one using the old library with an old data-structure for example). This probably doesn't happen so much in Linux, where IPC is commonly done through text streams, but may be a much bigger problem on Windows if you update some COM library for example, reducing the usefullness of no-restart updates. Given that some of the most commonly used external libraries do networking, IO, graphics and encryption, I don't think this would really be feasible. Having used both LXC and Docker, the main advantage of Docker is using it as a package manager, with the ability to extremely easily start from a 3rd party container and layer your own changes on top. While I'm sure LXC could technically achieve the same, it is way more difficult to do so than docker's 'FROM 3rdparty-container:$VERSION' / 'docker pull 3rdparty-container:$VERSION'. On the other hand, Docker for a long time didn't really care about security, which LXC was much better at since the beginning more or less. As for Kubernetes, that is most often used in conjunction with Docker (though there are alternatives), if you want to deploy containers to a cluster of machines (VM or physical) and get rid of some of the administrative work for doing so. There is also EU law for the protection of spirits, which have not been typically named after specific regions. For example, ouzo can only be produced in Greece. Not sure what the status of whisk(e)y is on this. The GP is responding to a claim that you could have a rule that it is spelled whisky in countries which don't have an e in their name (whisky in Scotland, whiskEy in IrEland). GP is pointing out, same as you, that Wales would be a counter-example to this rule. > The term fractal is a well-defined mathematical object. There might be "self-similarity" there, but (just a fun fact) fractals are typically not self-similar, so it's not a very good litmus test. Per the Wikipedia article, they are not well defined. Also, self-similarity of some kind is one of the requirements. Is it completely wrong, or is this a debated topic in mathematics? > Well, apparently through Facebook ads they did... Where did you get that idea? We know from the Mueller report that they indeed paid to try to influence the election, but the sums were tiny compared to what the actual candidates paid. Also, please remember that Cambridge Analytica was hired by Trump ('s people) , not the Russians. It depends a lot on your goal. If your goal is, for example, to edit a book, you often need much more than a typewriter can give you. You need figures, equations, centralized text, footnotes, rich text styles, tables. If your goal is even more ambitious, say, publishing the same book online, such that others can use the contents of the book and select it, look it up, share it, edit it etc., you need many of the above to be understood by the text engine, so you end up with shaping, support for all human scripts with all their accumulated idiosyncrasies etc. Without any of this, you can barely have an academic life for example on the internet,or engineering disciplines and so on. Unless you mean another DVCS, P4 can run circles around git on large repos (mostly on account of not conceptually trying to copy the entire state of the entire repo at every commit). The author comments often that there are certain concepts that 'belong in the implementation, not the surface', such as explicit sequences of operations and any interaction with the outside world. I believe that this relegates DCTP to the status of a domain-specific language, not a general programming approach: if we know from the start that there are certain computations that we can't/don't want to perform with DCTP, then we know from the start that it only applies to certain domains of programming. This isn't a problem in itself of course - DSLs can be wonderful things. But this can become a problem if you haven't taken the time to define the domain where your DSL is useful, or if that domain turns out to be extremely narrow. Spreadsheets are a wonderful abstraction for some things, but you wouldn't build an OS with them, nor even a simple web app. Perhaps they can extend the abstraction until it can become 'nearly general-purpose' (after all, you wouldn't really write an OS in Java either), but I don't think that's guaranteed. But the second form is also more general, since you can express any computation that way, whereas you can't in the first or third forms. For example: x = A(B) y = D(x) z = C(x, E(y)) Is either an important optimization (possibly affecting asymptotic complexity in more complex cases), important for correctness (if any of the functions have side-effects), or at least more succint than the alternatives (in a lazy language like Haskell). > Larger companies also have a much easier time gaining consent (like Google and Facebook) that clears their usage while smaller companies struggle. I feel the opposite may be true. When the law came to pass, I took some time to review my privacy options on Google and Facebook, since they are a big impact for me. On the other hand, when I click on a link on HN to some random news paper, and get presented with a five-step process to start to see my options, I don't usually bother and dismiss it as soon as I can, probably with some 'opt-in' consent. Since I'm not planning on viewing the site again, I consider it a minor annoyance. That's not enforcement, that's misreading... > it's really quite expressive, powerful, and orthogonal Expressive and powerful are definitely true, but I'm not so sure about 'orthogonal'. Most C++ features seem to depend heavily on each other, and library decisions can impose restrictions/boilerplate on application code in many areas. Especially as the language has evolved, features like exceptions, destructors, copy and move constructors, and operator overloading have become more and more indispensable. Template functions are still required for any kind of variance (e.g. you still can't have a non-template function that works on a const std::shared_ptr or any derived type). None of these is unbearable, but I do believe that even the modern subset of C++ is still the least orthogonal mainstream language in use (and definitely the most complicated by far). To be fair, it's also likely the most expressive mainstream language too, and still the most performant. Oops, I picked a bad example it seems... Apparently `shared_ptr` does some magic to simulate covariance through type conversion. It still breaks in other cases (a function which returns a `shared_ptr ` can't override a function which returns a `shared_ptr `, unlike with derived* and base* ), but it still probably covers most real-world cases. If I had stuck with std::vector my point would have been better. Even though theoretically a `const std::vector ` IS-A `const std::vector `, that is, a read-only view of a collection of derived elements behaves the same as a read-only view of a collection of base elements, you can't pass the first to a function expecting the second in C++, unless you make your own function a template. It could potentially use const-ness for these use cases, though I'm not sure that would be tractable. More realistically, it could allow the programmer to express it explicitly, as in C# (C is covariant in T and contravariant in V) or Java (C is covariant in the first parameter, contravariant in the second). This would not solve the problem that the co-/contra-variance of some types may depend on their const-ness, but it would allow at least a covariant, always read-only, std::vector_view (similar to IEnumerable in C#, which can also be implemented by the invariant List /std::vector ). > Since the function expects all members of the `std::vector const` argument to be `base* `, a caller with a `std::vector ` would have to allocate a new vector and adjust each individual pointer, which would be a terrible hidden runtime cost. I don't think I understand your point. A function which expects a `base* ` can already be passed a `derived* ` without any problems. Doing the same for a collection of `base* ` to a collection of `derived* ` is not fundamentally different, but it does come with significant complications. For one, the language would have to be sure that the collection is read-only, since a function which wants to add something to the collection can't be called with a collection of a different type. More significantly, the language itself has no idea that `std::vector ` is a collection of Ts, while `std::function ` is not a collection. In principle, it may be possible that it could look at all of the members and decide each template argument's variance. Even if that is theoretically possible (I'm not sure it is), it is certainly far too complicated to be a useful feature. That leaves us with the option of some kind of annotation for variance in template parameters (or at use-time, as in Java). Got it, thanks for bearing with me! I wasn't aware of this complexity of multiple inheritance (I guess this is another example of how orthogonal the language is :) ). Why is anyone entitled to own a chip fab? Why is some rich daughter entitled to own a chip fab? Because she is in the current system, while anyone else would have to work their whole lives, and convince hundreds of others to work with them, to create a chip fab, if they wanted to own one. One of the points of Manufacturing Consent is that it's not necessarily the government directly choosing a narrative (that sometimes does happen, especially through selective leaks) but that the news media itself and the people who end up doing editorial policy are largely aligned with the government to begin with. These are the most stable countries in the region because they are the only countries in the region allowed to be stable. Iran is by almost any measure a better country to live in than Saudi Arabia, except that it does not do the bidding of the US, so it is getting illegal sanctions imposed upon it, almost officially recognized industrial sabotage, it is cut off from world banking etc. Note: I'm not claiming Iran is some tortured paradise. It is still a brutal regime, with horrible regressive views and which is acting tyranically towards its own population. It is much worse than Israel in that regard (though at least Iran is not waging a war of aggression on a neighbor sattelite state, and defying UN resolutions and international law in doing so). But it is still significantly better than Saudi Arabia in almost everything to do with human rights. Are you implying that the BDS movement is anti-semitic? That would be an extreme claim, which would require some kind of evidence. Being against Israel's actions towards Palestine, which is far and away the most important topic covered by the BDS movement, is in no way an anti-semitic sentiment. Two state solutions have been offered, agreed upon, and blocked by the US and Israel every time. I am not in any way for citizens of Israel (Jewish or Arab or Christian or whatever else) evacuating the state. However, illegal Israeli colonies on what is universally agreed as Palestinian land are not acceptable. Opening fire on crowds throwing rubber wheels at a wall is not acceptable. Bombing civilian buildings in retaliation for terrorist activities is not acceptable. Blockading humanitarian efforts to deliver food, water, and building materials is not acceptable. Every gram of Palestinian resistance is met with a kiloton of Israeli aggression, almost as official doctrine. This is not acceptable. And all this from the only state in the world which illegally holds nuclear weapons without being a signatory of the non-proliferation agreement, but constantly threatens going to war against a different state for building civilian nuclear infrastructure (which is all the international inspectors have found in Iran for years). No. They can't give it to their daughter, because it's not their factory: it's in the ownership of everyone who participated, since we were assuming no capital to start with. If you aren't born with capital, and don't win the lottery, you can't pay people to build something for you. You can work very hard, together with other people, and build something as a community. This is difficult and almost never happens in practice, as it requires extreme dedication and some alternate revenue stream to be able to live until the thing being built is done and can be used to produce ongoing value. But when this does happen, the end result is in the ownership of the community, it is not any one member's to give away or sell. Alternatively, if you are born with wealth, you can dispense with all that effort, and simply invest several fractions of your wealth in things until you hit on one thing that you can collect rent from. Sure, you'll do some work, but the money accumulated by your ancestors, often built on slave labor, monopolies, theft and other nice things, will do most of the work for you. My proposal is that no one person is entitled to own vastly expensive items that required the work of countless people to create. Those items should generally be collectively owned by the people who designed and built them. The profits from operating them should go to the people operating them (which includes marketing and sales people and whatever else is needed), in some democratically chosen percentage. I said nothing about the state in this. I am still talking exclusively about private property. And as for food, I believe people are entitled to life, and by implication to anything required to sustain it, such as food, medication, water, air etc. The exact means for realizing this entitlement (free food? UBI? I don't know) are not clear, but the fact that you can starve to death in a country with enough food to feed the whole medieval world is a travesty. That is one aspect, but there is even more: in general, people who rise in positions of power, such as editorial positions on major media outlets, or political power, or capital, tend to have similar beliefs and interests. This is because of things like common education institution and social bonds. Essentially, if your opinions are significantly different from those of most politicians (on the important topics), you're unlikely to rise up through the ranks in most major institutions. In an ideal world, they should have more of a say than 'take it or leave it'. And in fact, for most of human history, people who produced things did have more say than that. I was also talking about democratic governance among the worker-owners: this is how cooperatives work in general. The strict top-to-bottom autocracy of regular corporations is not the only possible system of governance for a successful market actor. As for food, it's not so much capitalism as enormous state subsidies that affect the price of food in America. And living on 2-3$ worth of food a day will not lead you to a long life. Also, how is someone refusing you the right to take food when you are starving not actively taking your life from you? Agreed, and I never mentioned repossession. I was taking about ideal notions of entitlement, not practical measures for realizing that entitlement. There are people rich enough in this world that they could probably buy a chip fab 'money down' from their own finances. If that is somehow exaggerated, there are certainly people rich enough that they could buy, say, a shoe factory, or a brewery. The point still stands. Also, even if you involve a bank: the rich daughter can get credit to buy a factory, while the worker in the factory certainly could not. A 'negotiated agreement' between a company or state and a person that would starve if they don't accept the agreement is nothing more than coercion with a nice layer of paint. Remember that we actually depend on some people literally not having a chance to eat unless they agree to collect our garbage, clean our floors etc. Do you think that a cleaning person in a contract with Google or with the city of LA had any kind of real negotiation power? I didn't talk about redistribution. I'm describing how a system could work from the ground up with a market economy but without any capitalists. How to get there is another discussion that is far more thorny. I wouldn't deny a starving person my food, though the reality is that I rarely come into contact with someone who is starving. On the other hand, a lot of restaurants and super markets do regularly deny starving people food - they ask for money in place of common human decency. The problem is that in many business domains, the absolute minimal viable product, or even a customer-worthy demo, is a 6 month long, 10-15 person project. If the market already has complete solutions available, releasing an app which does 5% of what other apps do + 1% that's different is simply not viable, and is likely to help you never get a second look. What I have seen several times with that approach is a wonderful plan that needs to get scrapped about half-way through when the requirements suddenly change, for various market-related reasons. Some sketch of the end-design is always important, thinking about major components and future evolution, but a detailed plan has never been worth it in my line of work. The problem I was alluding to is exactly one of requirements - requirements aren't always exact, and they may change in unexpected ways as time goes on. In my experience, this is relatively common when building products that have a long time to market: since there are no hard requirements to begin with, just guesses on what features would be useful to have, it is easy for different marketing and product people to have different opinions and change their minds on what is or isn't an important feature. The view in my company at least is that even if you have a strong differentiator feature, if you don't have more or less all of the baseline features that all the established products are doing well, people will take a look at your MVP because they like your killer feature, try to use it, find out that it doesn't do all the things they need, and never look at it again, even if you do fill those features later on. To give some more context, I'm working in a medium-size, well-established company in its field. The kind of problem we have when launching a new product is that we can have a well-defined list of everything that is required of the new product to be assured of successf - it's going to take 5 years to build that, with at least 20 people. What can we cut and still have a successful product, that we can launch in say 1 year (or 6 months) with say 10 people? That is much harder to say, and different product leaders have different opinions, based on discussions with different clients. And the consensus opinion may simply change. So sure, the architecture is generally driven towards that 5 year product idea, but the short term estimates are always going to be geared towards a specific subset of that. And that subset is easily subject to change, from one quarter to another. We won't throw away the design if that happens, but we will definitely throw away any longer-term estimates. And charting out a 5-year plan that we would only 're-jig' as priorities change would be a recipe for certain failure - teams change, people leave, etc. You can't hope to have an accurate estimate on that time horizon. > If you don't want to plant seeds and build cabins (always a viable option), get busy doing something others will pay enough for. How will you buy the land to build your cabin and plant your seeds on? We live in a system where all of the land is already owned. > All one need do is work 25 minutes mundane labor a day to afford 3 square meals per day This is just so wrong... Again, you can't have a healthy diet with 3 dollars a day. You also can't keep a job if all you earn is food money - you also have to have a place to live and shower, you have to have clean, non-raggedy clothes, a car, gasoline, maintenance for the car and maybe washing machine, health insurance so your life doesn't crumble at the smallest sign of disease, and possibly others. These are all necessary in order to even have that job which you claim lets you eat for 25 minutes of work a day. > Collecting garbage, cleaning floors, etc has value - that's why we pay people to do it. Is it really worth more than ~$7.25/hr? would you pay someone $20/hr to do it? Your thinking about this the wrong way around. Nobody would be willing to collect garbage for 7.25 if they had some alternative . It is essentially a job of desperation. So, it is vital for us as a society that there are always enough people desperate enough that they are even willing to collect garbage to make some money. And in a worker driven job market (by which I mean, a job market where employers compete for workers, instead of the current economy, where mostly workers compete to find employment), garbage collection would be a high-paying job, precisely because it is absolutely vital for any community, and no one really wants to do it. > Index usage: Go allows to loop over elements instead of indexes and also provides the correct range of indexes in for-loops. More functional expressions would mystify execution, while Go is more WYSIWYG of languages. Indexes are the default though, you have to explicitly ignore them if you want to use the values directly. More importantly, there are several simple operations that simply require indexes: most error prone is trying to create a pointer to an element in a slice. The natural, high level way of doing that would be pointers := []*element{} for _,value := rang elements { pointers = append(pointers, &value) } Which looks very nice, but does the completely wrong thing. You absolutely must use the index version of you want to do this. Same would be true if you were to capture the value in a closure. It's not (just) about language theoreticians pushing their favorite features. It's mostly about regular programmers who have seen other languages and don't want to write the 30th new slice copy function, or the 10th get-slice-of-keys-from-map function. They might also not want to keep reading `if err != nil {return err}` over and over between pieces of logic in a function. Specialized fields like games aren't necessarily a problem - computers have been beating us at arithmetic for decades, and it isn't exactly world shattering. Also, a minor nitpick: AI has not succeeded at beating the best players at SC2, though it did beat the vast majority of the ladder. This has nothing to do with seeing the harm being done. Sacrificing the animal has always been a part of human experience in traditional societies. Even today, in my country, sacrificing a pig before Christmas is a cherished tradition, that friends and family gather together for, and enjoy the meat immediately after. I believe that the justification is simple - people care for the animals and try to give them a good life (in pre-industrial agriculture, not the horrific meat factories we get most food from now). Then, there comes a day when one animal's life must end, as is the natural circle of life. The sacrifice itself is performed in a way which is perceived as decent (though by modern standards, we now realize it is often not decent). Essentially, the humans have given the animal their care, and then the animal 'gives' the humans its meat. It's a simple quid-pro-quo, if you want to look at it purely rationally. It's still significantly better than what would happen to the animals if they were living in the forest - unlike many other animals, we at least kill them before eating their flesh. Unfortunately, all of this has been turned gruesome by moder industrial practices, and that IS a part that benefits from staying out of sight. Not just born, but raised and cared for, sometimes quite painstakingly (in traditional agriculture). To some extent, yes. I'm not saying it should put that over your own moral line, but I definitely think that sacrificing an animal you cared for is more acceptable than hunting a wild animal, for example. > By definition it's not possible to over-specify the outcome, it just is what it is, and there is no theoretical reason that should limit the ability of the machine to optimise getting to that outcome. I'm not sure what you mean by the outcome, but you can absolutely over-specify the output you want, and it's a relatively common problem. For example, you could say 'I want a system that prints lines with a saffron-based pigment', when all you wanted was an intense yellow-ish color, and don't care about the exact pigment being used. Or, you could say 'I want a program that let's a user choose red or blue or yellow and then paints a line in that color', when you actually mean the user can choose any color. I've seen many problems of over-specification when talking high-level details with less technical people. They tend to give details to help explain what they mean, without caring about the specific details; or they use metonimy expecting everyone understands what they mean. Alternatively, you could have a system like a lot of the rest of the world, where medical care is simply provided as needed, hospitals are public entities, and health-care has no price (since there is no market), just a cost, that is payed for from taxes. This way, all the money going into the system is actually spent on healthcare, instead of having profit extracted from it. You also get rid of the stress of money from the already bad situations of major disease, and the complex bureaucracy that insurance brings with it. Edit: tone and some extra details. You're looking at a societal bias, and inferring a biological difference. In other societies, this bias is much reduced, which would not likely be the case if differences were truly biological. In particular, Eastern Europe of all places is relatively egalitarian in men-vs-women in programming. You're missing the point when asking the final question. Predicting crime rates is not the goal in itself (unless you're running some kind of crime rate bet). If you're going to use a model trained on simple, biased data, to get, say, insurance estimates for a for-profit company, the model will probably successfully increase profits, so it was a good model. On the other hand, if you're going to use the same model to help with sentencing, where your goal is to see equality and justice, then the model will do very badly, since it will punish many people for the community/skin they happened to be born in. Capitalism and human rights have nothing to do with each other. There are capitalist nations, such as Denmark or the US, which have pretty decent human rights for their own citizens at least. And there are other capitalist nations, such as China or the USSR, which have very bad track records on human rights. And no, state capitalism, such as you can find in China or the USSR, is not socialism or communism, any more than North Korea is a people's republic. Maybe, but those (perhaps except the first one) are absolute requirements for a functioning system. If a market based solution can't work with these restrictions, then the obvious conclusion is that you have to give up on market-based healthcare, not that you have to allow anyone to prescribe medicine, or have hospitals which won't treat dying people because they can't pay. There haven't really been non-capitalist functioning societies for a century I think. There have been short-lived experiments that quickly collapsed into either authoritarianism, war, or back to capitalism. However, if you accept one of these short-lived societies - the very early bolshevik/Soviet regime, immediately after the revolution and before Lenin assumed complete control, was the first nation in the world to recognize the rights of gays to a normal life, and had some other very high-minded rights for its citizens. Of course, that very quickly ended and became one of the most vicious regimes in history... If you look at older societies, the Haudenosaunee (Iroquois confederacy) in North America actually inspired some of the ideas of the US constitution. I also think a place like Athens had relatively strong human rights, if we ignore their practice of slavery and treatment of women. By the way, when I say non-capitalist society, I am thinking of a society where the majority of the population is not working for a wage, and where most of the land and business is not owned by a small group of people ('the 0.1 percent' in the US, the party leadership in China or USSR). You can do it with surnames as well: Peter does give his love to Jana. To Jana does Peter give his love. Give his love to Jana, does Peter. It sounds pretty unnatural, but it is understandable I believe. Not sure if the Czech versions would sound natural to a Czech or not. Comparing English to Latin is not like comparing the Sistine Chapel with a sketch. It's more like comparing the Sistine Chapel with a modernist painting. Is the Sistine Chapel objectively more beautiful than Mondrian's Broadway Boogie-Woogie? It would be interesting to know how much this was a feature of everyday Latin versus how much it may have been essentially a constructed language used only by highly-educated people. Would a Roman farmer in the field even understand that sentence? Would it sound natural to them? Would they ever speak it? The disconnect between literary language and everyday language is sometimes relatively high even in today's world of mass education, where every child is forced to learn the literary language of their country regardless of the actual language spoken in their region. In societies where this wasn't the norm, the literary language may have been significantly more divorced from the natural language which it derives from, allowing much more complex rules to be invented for it... You can't say that media and public shame are worse than the abuses of the criminal justice system. Your life may get turned upside down if you are simply accused of some crimes (especially sexual crimes), but you may very well bounce back. Getting rightly accused of possession of light drugs and ending up in prison is a much worse outcome, and it happens to many, many times more people. And unlike the celebrities that usually fall on the wrong side of public opinion, most people who are absurdly put in prison for petty crimes will never bounce back, since they don't have the resources (money, social circle) to do so. > honestly it's always looked to me like the powers that be, in America, genuinely try to operate in a benign fashion Chomsky has a good point about this, that often the most heinous crimes in history have been done with a genuine belief that they are done for good. So, intentions should play a limited role in your judgment of someone's moral outcome. On the other hand, there have been clear cases where the powers that be in America have gone to violent extremes to protect their interests. Some major examples would be the southern slave holders going to war with the rest of the country to protect their 'right' to hold slaves. Or large industrialists getting help from the army or national guard to stop large scale protests and strikes. Or COINTELPRO, where the FBI used infiltration, blackmail and even assassination against the civil rights movement. Well, first of all it's a matter of numbers. Maybe hundreds of people's lives has been affected by being accused of a crime and being judged by the public eye with a presumption of guilt (some of these people may be guilty, some may not). However, hundreds of thousands of people are suffering from vastly over-exaggerated punishment for minor crimes. Even more, the current political climate suggests that some of what these people did should not have been illegal in the first place (e.g. Marijuana use and distribution). Worse still, there is discretionary, racist enforcement of many of these laws, disproportionately affecting some communities and not others. Individually, suffering from being falsely accused of a crime is much worse than being punished excessively for a crime you did commit. But overall, people losing jobs and status is a much smaller problem to society todyay than excessive enforcement of minor crimes. Well, if you stole a pack of gum and are executed for it, that's still a problem, even though you're technically guilty. And again, in the real world, there are maybe hundreds of people suffering public outrage even though they are innocent, and there are tens of thousands of people who are serving extremely harsh sentences for minor crimes. The first is regrettable, the second is a major societal issue. But public opprobrium for a presumption of guilt is not a part of the justice system. Also, the prevalence of this problem you are raising is extremely small in reality. The opposite is still much more likely - people who are guilty of various crimes who escape unpunished both by the justice system but also from public scrutiny. There are other alternatives. Alternative monetization schemes, such as those offered by Patreon or Twitch or Kickstarter can be found. Also, ads can be placed teh same way they were in newspapers - the ad company would submit ads to the content creator, who would manually chose which ads to include, and where. To me the case described in the article is actually one of the rarer uses of interfaces: you're the only one using a handful of methods from a single class which has many more. If you're using all/most methods of the class, you'd be better off if the interface was defined directly by the class. If there are many different users of the same subset of methods, it's better if the class designer declares that interface. If there are multiple classes implementing the same interface, it's almost crucial that the implementers agree on and define the interface. So I would say, the statement should be 'in general, interfaces belong in the package that implements value of the interface type; but don't forget that sometimes they can be declared by the code that uses them'. I think even more, the worry is that the YouTube algorithms are the initial deciders, and they tend to have high false-positive rates that it is then your responsibility as a creator to overturn. Note: the way YouTube has set this up, it is the creator's legal responsibility to mark their videos appropriately, but YouTube will also be running an algorithm to automatically flag videos as a best effort approach. It's even more than that. You are legally required to accept the national currency for the settlement of debts. If you are a US entity and we have a contract where I owe you 1 btc, you must accept the equivalent amount of dollars as settlement of the debt. You are allowed to accept payments in different currencies, or even barter, but you can't require them. I didn't say it was easy. But perhaps it is important enough that it should even be regulated. Yes, by comparison, approximately no one in the world has heard of PeerTube, Friendica, Mastodon or Disapora. And even of those that have heard of them, few actually use them. Centralized platforms for these things are simply so much more convenient and discoverable that there really is no competition. Look at the speed with which WhatsApp was adopted (talking about before the FB acquisition), and compare to Mastodon or Diaspora - there is no contest. I think that the problem is most often something along the lines of: we have a house, it took 5 years to build and the family is very happy with it. But now, they also want a chip fab, and there are many common parts useful to both, so we don't think it's worth it to start from scratch - we need to modify the home to also house their chip fab, but make sure it's also still a good house to live in. "No, but we could add flying behavior to it, and it would definitely be easier than throwing away the home and the chip fab that we spent so long on" I think the biggest issue is that for the system to succeed, most participants need to display the first list of traits. But for any individual within the system, personal success may be easier to obtain by displaying the second set (though that is not necessarily true, in my experience). I get the point in principle that technology can make new social systems possible, and it seems plausible. But I don't get what the example you give has to do with making socialism (worker control of corporations) more workable. The major problems of socialism have always seemed to be 2: 1 - how to transition from current society to a socialist one without violent revolution, which usually ends in dictatorships, instead of the radical democracy of socialism. 2 - how to maintain a socialist project in a capitalist world usually focused on destroying it, often with military power. I don't see how a wonder robot would help with either of these problems. Or, I'm wondering what do you mean by socialism and what problems do you perceive that version of socialism to have that could be fixed by a UBI robot? Socialism is essentially only an extension of democracy to the economic system. Since democracy seems to work relatively decently (warts and all) for most prosperous societies, I don't see why human nature is a good argument for saying it's impossible. Socialism and the free market (at least the free market of goods, capital markets are a different discussion) are perfectly compatible. The democracy I'm talking about is inside corporations. Corporations in capitalism are extremely autocratic entities, while in socialism they would be democratically organized. Worker-owned enterprises would still compete on the free market. Buying is an extremely indirect form of voting. What socialism means is that workers inside a corporation would democratically decide how to run that corporation, instead of being handed down directions from an absolute ruler (the CEO/Board of directors). To my understanding, the only obligation would be that, IF you "employed" someone, they should have the same voting power as everyone else, since they should always be empowered to have some say on their own work. But I don't know of any socialist principle that would force any particular company to "employ"/associate with any particular person. The oldest idea of socialism is 'worker control of the means of production', which sounds a bit antiquated, but refers exactly to this: that the people doing the work should get to decide what work is being done. There is one major difference from capitalism though, that would have broad repercussions: workers do not get paid a wage, they directly get the profits of the company (not in equal amounts, but by some democratically voted scheme specific to each company). This would lead to vastly more equality in society. It world probably also have a huge impact on international economic relations. There are many forms of socialism, but what in describing is one of the oldest, and it is the one preferred by Noam Chomsky, the most influential leftist thinker in the world. The factory/IT office still has to exist for the work to be doable. However, that doesn't mean that each worker would bring their own laptop or tools, anymore than companies require that today. In the kind of socialist society I describe, you would win a livelihood by either finding a co-op which values your skills, or by trying to start your own co-op, probably by borrowing money together with others from some institution similar to a bank. Everyone participating in the co-op you helped start would probably take on not just the profits, but also some amount of liability for the loan. Now, this change alone would greatly reduce the concentration of wealth, and so, hopefully, may free enough money to avoid the need for everyone to find a place to work or die of starvation. Still, even if that doesn't directly happen, the same mechanisms that apply today would still apply - a state-funded safety net, anti-discrimination laws, state programs encouraging employment of unemployed workers, education programs etc. I don't see why the bar to finding a place to work would be any higher if companies were owned by their workers instead of being owned by capitalists. That's a good question, and I'm sure socialist theorists have some better thought-out answers than I have. Thinking about this logically though, the only kind of contract that it might help to ban would be selling your labor for money, similarly to how we don't allow you to sell your person (indenturement/slavery) or sexual favors (prostitution) today. This would probably include such contracts between companies as well, encouraging actual exchange of goods and services instead of direct outsourcing. Still, even these types of contracts wouldn't have to be necessarily banned, it may be enough in principle to encourage Worker-owned enterprises, and protect them from hostile actions against them by other corporations. Of course, how we would get from where we are today to the state where most corporations are owned by their workers is the most difficult question, and capitalists will not go down without at least a political fight. > Robots are used everywhere already. Everywhere. As far as I know, robots are used in manufacturing, surgery, home cleaning gimmicks, and war. Use of robots in war is already problematic, and seems to have greatly emboldened some countries to carry out campaigns of terror and assassination on other countries' territories. We really don't want the police to start on the same path. I was thinking more about automated vacuum cleaners. You can take a very broad view of the term 'robot', where it is more or less equivalent with 'machine', and then you world be right - they are literally everywhere. But given the reaction to this article, I think that it's clear most people have a more narrow definition of 'robot', one which draws a line between a machine which splashes water and detergent inside itself for a pre-determined amount of time on one hand, and semi-autonomous walking machines on the other hand. Regarding the start-up story, that is only one kind of enterprise, one with high risk and a long period of preparation before any chance of creating a product,and they're obviously not for everyone. But not all new enterprises are start-ups - if I were to open a shop, for example, I would expect to start turning a profit from day one (disregarding the loan I need to acquire the physical location and merchandise, of course), so the workers in the shop co-op would immediately have a clear revenue stream. > that way the contract naturally changes from slavery to employment agreement. Pure Libertarianism is at least as much an idealistic system as socialism is. I don't think these kinds of clever tricks and relying entirely on markets can produce the desired outcomes, at least not as efficiently as regulations can. Examples in history of the standards many businesses held even for things such as food and medicine before explicit regulations and inspections were mandated would seem to agree with me. >Are there any hostile actions from which only some people deserve to be protected? No, and I wasn't suggesting there should be. Worker-owned co-ops would not even have the power to attack capitalist corporations, but the reverse would definitely happen. Big corporations try to destroy any competition they have by default, and they would certainly focus their efforts against a competitor controlled by a lower class. > and it's better to work with them to bring everyone up, instead of trying to bring them down. Capitalism by definition seeks to bring investors up, and no more than that. Any raising of the rest of the population is entirely accidental, and sometimes explicitly discouraged (for example, no capitalists would like to see growing prosperity among Chinese factory workers, since it would directly eat into their profits). Do note that European/US-style capitalism is definitely preferrable to USSR or Chinese style planned, centralized state capitalism, and even that is in turn preferrable to serfdom or slavery-based economies. > Floats aren’t random. They’re perfectly deterministic, predictable and reproducible. If you do the same operation in two places you get the same result. That's not exactly true in real hardware, or at least it wasn't until ~10 years ago. With the x87 FPU, internal precision was 80 bits, while the x86 registers were at most 64 bits. So, depending on the way the program would transfer data between the CPU and FPU your could get different results. It is very likely that different compilers and different optimization decisions could change the way these operations were implemented, so you would get slight differences between different versions of the software. There are/were also several global FP flags that could get changed by other programs running on the same CPU/FPU that could impact the result of calculations. So, if you want 100% reproducible FP, you would have to either audit all software running on the same machine to ensure it doesn't touch those flags, or set the flags yourself for every FP calculation in your your program. Quitting Facebook itself would help with what you are saying, but I am curious what you replaced WhatsApp/Messenger with. For example, I have good friends in other countries, and sending pictures and short texts is one of the best ways to stay in contact. We do talk over the phone occasionally, but not having a simple way to send pictures or links would pull us much further apart. Sure, email could be an option, but WhatsApp is just so much more convenient. True, that's a good point. I was thinking of C & C++, but you're right, newer languages do a much better job of specifying and controlling this behavior. Wonder if JS does something similar or not. What I was curious about with GP's comment was more on the aspect of social/psychological effects of social media. I know Signal/Telegram/others could be used as a 1:1 replacement of WA/Messenger for the purpose of avoiding Facebook Inc. I was wondering if they found some other strategy to keep in contact with their close ones without using messaging in the first place, not replacing Facebook services with some other service. In general, you shouldn't think of space as being cold for intuitive hot-to-cold heat transfer. For example, the metallic side of a space ship would not be anywhere near 0K, whereas if you had a metal plaque between a liquid at around 0K and your hand, it would be. It is very hard to dissipate heat from a solid object into space. This is not true for our bodies on the other hand, but that is more to do with pressure - if you expose cells to the Void of space, most liquids inside would quickly expand in size and essentially boil, consuming large amounts of heat to go through the phase transition from liquid to gas, thus quickly cooling surrounding tissue. You could theoretically use this to create evaporation-based heating, but you would have to transport vast quantities of water that would quickly be used up, since there is no hope of collecting them back most likely. It's not about IEEE754, it's about the precision that the FP co-processor offers. The results you get are correct per IEEE754, it's just that they may have even less error than required by IEEE754 in some cases. But, this is enough to make the results non-deterministic between different compilation options. Also, changes applied to the FP co-processor by other processes on the machine could impact your process, regardless of your own compilation settings. Yes, I was explicitly talking about the x87, and did mention that it has stopped being relevant for at least 10 years. I believe there is still quite a bit of cautionary discussion of floating point numbers that was written in the age of the x87, so it's important to understand that people were not just misunderstanding IEEE754, even though their concerns are no longer applicable to modern hardware. I think the CEO of Waymo has already said that that driving in bad weather is likely much farther away. I wouldn't expect to see a new kind of product coming out of Google. They have 0 track-record of product innovation. Their main innovation power is in the back-end, on the implementation side. Internet search existed before Google, but they came up with a newer and much better way of implementing it. Internet email existed before Gmail, but they vastly improved the offering. The iPhone already existed, but they came up with an alternative in Android. Same story repeats with GSuite, Chrome, Chrome OS. YouTube was sort of new, but it was an acquisition, so I don't know if it counts. When they do have ideas for innovative products, they fail to deliver. Waymo is so far unproven, but you're right, it may turn up to be a successful product. I forgot about the Chromecast, that's a good point. Stadia is close to being new, though there have been similar efforts for some time now. However, it is by no means successful so far, most reviews I have seen from the gaming press have seen it as impressive, but ultimately not a great way of playing games, and Microsoft's offering is likely to quickly outshine it by sheer force of games catalog. Sure, there are no completely innovative products. But the difference I see is this: going from a clunky, ugly, essentially business-only phone like the Blackberry to ubiquitous smart-phones is a more close to a difference in kind. Essentially, before the iPhone, most people did not believe they needed a smartphone. On the other hand, most people before Gmail did know that they need a mail provider, Gmail was 'just' a much more convenient mail provider. Most people did know they need a browser, Chrome was just much nicer. When Android rolled out, people already knew they want a smartphone, Android was cheaper and less walled-in. A good example would be if Google's Stadia succeeds. Even though there have been attempts in the past (e.g. OnLive), the mind-share is so low that they are almost irrelevant. If Stadia gets anywhere near console-level market penetration, I would consider it an innovative product that Google created. I don't expect it to succeed, though, based on the track record. Unfortunately, you can't have a real democracy with too high income inequality, and it is hard to reduce absolute poverty if the poor don't have a political voice. In modern times, we actually call it Big Bang. We already believe from quantum mechanics that there are random events that have no prior cause going on all around us. Even creation ex nihil seems to be going on constantly at the smallest scale, with virtual particles popping in and out of existence governed only by laws which ensure the conservation of energy. So, whether correct or not, our scientific understanding already posits effects without causes. Ascribing no cause to the big bang itself is then not an extra assumption, so no contorted logic is necessary to get rid of the First Causer. And related to your description about brute facts - while perhaps unsatisfying, I believe that it is how many scientists do perceive the world. We have a set of observations and we try to come up with the simplest set of laws that describe these observations, and test their predictive power on new facts as they come along. Sometimes, we discover that our set of laws had some hidden assumption that we were not aware of, such as the surprising facts about the speed of light being constant when measured from moving vehicles leading to the realization that Newton's laws of motions only hold for small enough speeds, and the need for general relativity to accurately describe what happens at a larger scale. Even today, we have clear, well known gaps in our scientific understanding: the standard model only applies for matter at certain energy levels; quantum mechanics only applies at certain scales and can't take into account gravitational effects; we have mathematical singularities that come up when trying to describe black holes, which are unlikely to be physically correct; and we don't know what most of the matter in the universe is made of; and I could go on. Scientific understanding is known to be contingent and any day a new unexpected fact could be observed, toppling our understanding of the laws of physics. That is a well known and inescapable fact. All of this is not to mention that it still seems disingenuous to call the posited First Cause 'God', bringing to mind YHWH. I would be more inclined to accept the idea that there is some kind of transcendental First Cause (though, again, I don't think that is a particularly necessary concept), but you would need many more arguments to go from that to any particular conception of god. Also, all of this discussion relies on certain assumptions about the real world and our ability to perceive it. For example, physics is also entirely compatible with the Hindu notion of Maya, that the world is an elaborate illusion, with everything we perceive actually being like drops of water in the ocean that is God, Brahman. Not to mention that even our understanding of logic is contingent. Perhaps there is some limitation of our biological brains that prevents us from seeing some fundamental flaws in our arguments. All in all, my point is that it is not possible to obtain true certainty beyond any possible doubt on any topic. The best we can do is choose some base assumptions we believe in, and try to see what we can understand of the world starting from those. And if you chose God as one of those base assumptions, that is perfectly legitimate, and you can get a coherent model of the world that includes it. But you can't convince someone who has chosen pure empiricismaas their base assumption of the necessity of this base assumption. There were some good arguments from another user on this topic, but I wanted to also raise another direction. To have a true democracy, free elections are not the only necessity. You also need wide representation of popular ideas among the candidates of the election; and you need the winning candidate to at least take steps towards enacting the policies that they were elected for. Income inequality works very strongly at these two steps - gating access to candidates which hold certain political opinions to the election itself; and ensuring that certain campaign promises never get delivered on, regardless of election results. For an example of the former, compare Gallup poll results on public healthcare to the positions of candidates in any election so far - tough at least 48% if the population has been in favor of a public option for a decade, there has been no candidate for presidential elections that had even offered that. For the latter, again Healthcare can prove a useful example, comparing Obama's campaign promises of drug price negotiation to the final resulting law proposal, which essentially had no change that could affect the insurance companies' bottom lines. Having laws that protect disadvantaged groups from hate speech is the opposite of being an oppressive country. The fact that these laws are actually enforced is further to be lauded. > it has been shown that homework is essentially useless for learning performance I am curious, is this about some particular kind of homework? From my own experience, I would think that exercising a subject alone (which is what most homework was in my school system at least) is a very good way of understanding it better. I of course remember not wanting to do homework many times, and I remember excessive or idiotic homework assignments, but overall homework seemed to be one of the major modes of learning for me. Also, related to Gates, Page, Brin - I don't generally think that it's a good idea to look at a small number of very successful people and try to emulate some part of their life experience - you are, în general, very likely to fall for some kind of survivorship bias, or accidentally home in on a less important detail (for example, Gates was probably helped much more by his extremely wealthy and well-connected family than any particular aspect of his schooling). On the other hand, there are many voices saying that one of the important purposes of the public education system is to engender conformity, which is very rarely conducive to a truly out of the ordinary life. Noam Chomsky would be one of the most credible, and he has often credited his own career to his non-standard early schooling. What if the entire universe with all of its history was just created 1ms ago? The answer is, if you can't even conceivably test for it, it's mostly irrelevant to think too much about. > you can't really have a data structure that mains O(1) as it's size increases to infinity. At the level of abstraction that comexity analysis is usually done, you can. For example, a lookup in an array (a[X]) has O(1) worse-case complexity no matter how large the array is. Of course, this relies on a few abstractions - that random memory access has uniform cost; and that basic numeric operations have uniform cost regardless of the size of the operands. Of course, in real computers, both of these assumptions are wrong (adding terabyte-size numbers is not as fast as adding byte-sized numbers, large amounts of memory can't usually be stored on random-access hardware etc.), but that does not necessarily impact the usefulness of complexity analysis. For hash-tables in particular, the worse-case complexity for key lookup depends on some guarantees from the hash algorithm. If you had a magical hash that is unique for any key in your domain, than lookup would be O(1) for a hash table of n elements, as n approaches infinity. Since that is not a good abstraction, we need to model the table using hash functions that can create collisions, and the worse case becomes that O(n) elements collide and get put into the same bucket, giving worse-case complexity of O(n). Adding elements to the hash table is a different operation, same as for the array. Surely such a thing would exist not on Earth, but in the Cloud. > Sure, we might not have a plausible way of testing it today but that doesn't mean there won't be in the future. 2000 years ago people were on the right track that the Earth is round but couldn't "test it" but going around it. I'm sure the prospect of going round the earth back then seemed as distant as testing a multiverse today. But there lies the problem: people 2000 years ago had a very clear idea of how they could test their round earth idea, it just wasn't technically feasible. Even worse for your point, they did quickly come up with experiments and proved pretty definitively the shape and general size of the earth, based on ships going past the horizon and others. There have been many physical ideas with no hope of testability throughout the ages, and many of these have turned out wrong. Aristotle believed, and physicists agreed, that all objects have a natural place which they tend to move to, so apples falls down, but steam rises up. As far as I know, there are not even thought experiments about how we could tell whether there is a multiverse, or for many (but not all) aspects of string theory. This is not an engineering problem (its way out of our league to implement), it's a theoretical physics problem (we don't know whether there is a way to tell, there may very well not be one). It's like the difference between people in ancient Greece imagining a high-speed car, versus building faster-than-light travel. Creating a new universe inside our own would not prove that universes other than our own and the newly created one exist. Sure, it proves that it is possible, but that would not be surprising. The argument is that we have no physical argument that can either prove or disprove the existence of extremely distant other universes, and simply creating one would not move that debate in any direction at all. This goes even more for the many - worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics. On the last point, I do agree. I realize how it sounded, but I didn't mean to imply that string theory is as plausible as Aristotle's physics. Still, it is somewhat intellectually dangerous to believe in a theory that does not make testable predictions. You seem to think that software must be a continuously updated thing, or it becomes legacy. This is somewhat true in the current world, but it is massively wasteful and unnecessary. It should be normal for software to be finished, and one should expect finished software to keep working for many years. One huge market where this does happen is games. Disregarding the current plague of microtransaction-funded 'live experiences', most games are pieces of software that get released and are mostly done, barring some added content going out for a year or two. Losing the ability to play these games because someone has decided that ABI compatibility is kinda hard is ridiculous, and would definitely not fly for a consumer OS. It would be interesting for someone to try to apply this same argument to hardware: would it make sense to abandon old hardware support every release? Doing this with device drivers was one of the things which hurt Linux adoption on the desktop, and hurt Windows Vista's release immensely. Overall, end-users do not and should not care for OS updates. They are a necessary evil, to help fix bugs that the OS developers missed that threaten their security; and to be able to use new applications that rely on new OS features. But breaking old applications or hardware is a massive pain point that makes users weary of updating despite the risk to their security. Would you extend your experience with the food sector to your car? Say you bought a car that was made by people who loved working with it. The mechanics even love to repair it. But now, 1 year passes and you go for a regular check-up to your mechanic and they start visibly sighing when you enter. They now hate repairing this ancient piece of tech, it barely matches any of their tools, and they caution you that the tool manufacturers are actually moving to a six-month schedule for new car repair tools getting released, and half the tools they use for your car are already deprecated and likely to be discontinued next release. Would you be happy to just buy a new car, to prioritize the service provider's experience? Or would you seek a different service provider/car brand, that doesn't do this? In an ideal world, 32bit would continue to be supported for as long as people use 32bit applications. If there is no good reason to port an application to 64 bit (other than the OS developers forcing it), why do it? Windows supported 16bit up until windows 10,and there were absolutely no mainstream desktop applications or even games on 16bit for over a decade at that time. That seems like a good standard. The move to 64bit on the other hand is not all upside. There is overhead for pointer-heavy data structures, which has kept some applications from preferring it for a long time, mainly in the gaming arena. I also remember that browsers were very reticent in moving to 64 bit, until the security benefits from ASLR were overwhelming (and web apps started being so memory hungry that 2-4GB started looking small). Also, the clear technical deficiency that you cite with ObjectiveC on 32 bits (the breaking ABI from adding private fields) is an oft defended feature in the most used native programming language in the world, C++. There, it is done because of performance optimization reasons - to avoid indirection for each structure allocated on the stack. Overall, my point is that the technical case for 64 bit is not nearly as clear-cut as you make it out to be for many applications. I do agree that the ecosystem case for moving to 64 bit is pretty strong, but I don't think it is enough to say that developers who don't do it are idiots and dragging everyone back. And just to be clear, I'm not being defensive or bitter, the applications I work on moved to 64 bit as soon as we could, probably 7 years ago, with very good technical reasons to do so - they were very memory hungry and benefitted greatly from having access to more than 2 GB RAM (Windows). Well, if we got a new theory that explained exactly the same facts as QM without making new untestable predictions, and if that theory had some desirable properties such as being more intuitive or being mathematically more desirable, the new theory would hopefully be embraced. However, string theory does make significant new predictions, though a lot of them are untestable at the moment. The problem with this is that if you accept string theory you have to accept, for example, that there are 10 spatial dimensions, though we can't notice them in any way. You may have to accept that there exist many (or an infinity) of other universes that are too far for us to be able even theoretically to notice. The meat of the issue is this: physics is ultimately concerned with describing what the real world looks like and how it works. When evaluating a physical theory, we shouldn't care just about its self-consistency, but also about whether it is likely to be a good model of the physical world. And to be able to tell, we need to test all predictions of this theory, especially the counter-intuitive ones, and check whether they actually describe the real world, not simply whether they are theoretically possible. Sure, if one or two new predictions remain elusive, but we've checked all of the others, we may have good reason to believe the theory (e.g. we had good reason to believe general relativity even though it predicted black holes even before we were able to observe the first black hole, because it made so many other predictions that we did confirm, and that no other theory could describe). A good example of a theory that is still floating around, that doesn't make new predictions compared to QM, but that is more desirable in other ways is the DeBroglie-Bohm pilot-wave theory of QM. It's not yet complete (it can't account for all aspects of QM), so there is still a good chance it is simply wrong. But, IF it will be able to account for all of QM, even without making any new predictions of its own, it might become a much more popular new theory, on account of simply being more intuitive (no more particle-wave duality, no more randomness, and particles would have properties even before you measured them; note however that it does have non-locality, so it's not all roses). If you're writing an application that could kill someone if it crashes, you'd better not be relying on the type system to catch those crashes for you, since it will only catch the most obvious ones. For any life-critical system you want first and foremost to have a battery of end-to-end tests that run the software on the target hardware under various operating conditions. No amount of software-only testing/formal methods will give you this part. Then, you want to have a formal specification of your program that can be run through a model checker - this would be the industry standard, though, if you have a team of PhDs at your disposal, you could also try to go with full formal verification a la Coq. Finally, you want unit testing, integration testing, and possibly a type system to help day-to-day development. But do note, none of these should be critical for assuring the system works as indended - if typos in your code aren't caught by your end-to-end tests, what hope is there that they will catch complex dynamic behaviors? The GP had raised them, that's the only reason I commented about this. You are right though, the standard for that type of software is very different from regular programming. Still, we shouldn't forget that even the strongest typing can't substitute testing. Most likely, even if you had a formally proved system, which is already much, much more difficult than any other kind of regular software development practice, you would still want some amount of testing to go with that system before putting it in production. It's interesting that all the positive Google Translate experiences shared here have to do with Chinese and Japanese. In general, my experience with translations of European languages has been abysmal, for anything but the simplest expressions. The resulting expressions are often so ungrammatical that they were basically unintelligible. I remember a Greek taxi driver who picked me up for a long trip, and seeing the distance, initially assumed I was going to the airport - and asked about it, prompting a flurry of No no nos from me and pointing on a map. He later tried to use Google translate to explain why he had assumed this (Greek to English) , but what came out was so garbled I only understood that he was saying something about distance and airport, prompting another confused flurry of map pointing (he abandoned the hope of explaining the initial confusiom and resigned to just driving...) . It was only minutes later, trying to think about what had happened, that I finally puzzled out what that translation must have meant. That is possibly the worst heuristic for evaluating an action. You may be right that it is somewhat natural to arrive at it, but it is by no means a good heuristic. And why is it bad? For one, real intentions are inscrutable, so it is very easy to ascribe whatever intentions you want to an action. For another, the intentions behind an action have essentially no correlation with the effects of the action, at least insofar as the intentions are not explicitly malicious (e.g. 'hurt people'). True to some extent, though I don't think there have been many OS updates which deleted all storage for all apps (well, moved to an inaccessible place)... This really is a massive failure of QA and dev. I'm not sure I understand what you mean. The question I was essentially answering was 'how can we tell whether an action was "good" or not?'. Rather than looking at the intentions of the author, I think you need to look at the effects, or some proxy thereof (are people I know poorer/richer? How many people died because of this action? Or whatever else is easily measurable and pertinent) You're right that important data needs to be backed up, but I disagree that it is the app builder's responsibility to do that. It is the end-user's responsibility to think about backups, to choose where to backup and how often. From the app developer's perspective, it is commendable that, in this day and age, they allowed users to retain control of their own data, instead of automatically uploading the user's data to the developer's server. Local storage and/or SQL DB were touted as features for exactly this use case. That Google did not consider their persistence as that important for the release is perhaps not surprising for a company used to storing all your data in their cloud (not claiming they did so knowingly, just that it's probably in their culture, just as in your comments above). > I mean, the limitation of light speed is something that exists to make a consistent theory, not something that somehow has value in itself...? The limitation of causation to a constant speed is well proven in experiments, and seems to be a fundamental aspect of the universe at large scales. If this same limitation doesn't hold at small scales then either: 1. There must be some cutoff between large scale and small scale, and small scale events can't influence large scale events. 2. Instantaneous action at a distance exists at large scales as well, and so our theories are wrong (we need a new theory to explain the observations of the speed of light etc.). This is all not to mention that we have not noticed any particle moving past the speed of light, and that we have measured the same constant speed of light at quantum levels as well (a photon measured from a moving detector has the same speed as one measured from a static detector). So that way lies nothing good. On the other hand, rejecting local realism doesn't mean that QM rejects the speed of light being constant - quantum entanglement can't carry information, so it can't produce actions at a distance. Also, note that the most common interpretation of QM is neither local nor 'real' - that is, it implies both that particles have no definite state until they are measured, and that QE propagates at infinitite speed. That is, when you fire two entangled photons, neither of the photons has any value for polarization until they are measured; however, when one is measured, it acquires a particular spin, and the other one also acquires the corresponding spin instantaneously, possibly on the other side of the galaxy. Now, one problem with all this is that it is extremely non-intuitive, and does not apply to the large-scale world (an apple is red whether I look at it or not). Related to the second issue, there is the problem of measurement: in a theory which rejects realism, the act of measurement has a fundamental physical effect, but there is no explanation for this mechanism, it is simply postulated. Note that a photon interacting with another photon is not measurment, they will each retain a superposition of states until a measurement happens. I don't know the full maths behind it, but the most important aspect is that you can only perform one measurement on the superposition state - after your first measurement, the particle acquires a definite state, and any subsequent measurements are guaranteed to show that same state. If you are the first one to measure the state of any of the pair of entangled particles, your measurement will cause both particles to take on a definite state. But even if you are the second one to do the measurement, and the particle has already acquired the definite state because of the other measurement, you can't tell that your measurement result was already guaranteed, since you can't perform another one on the same state to compute the distribution. Windows has not seen a payed upgrade for 5 years - that is in itself a major change. We'll see if they continue on this road, but for now their announced plan is that there will not be a new paid update of Windows. This clearly cuts down on one of the revenue streams for Windows Licensing. Microsoft is the largest single contributor to Linux development. They have a large hand in Kubernetes. .NET is open source and runs on Linux/Mac natively. They have released and are maintaining the most popular lite IDE/editor of the decade simultaneously for Linux/Mac/Windows, and it was open source from the start. MSVC has a Clang frontend. That they are not relevant on mobile seems a non-sequitur. The discussion was on whether the Microsoft Windows-first culture has changed, and it clearly has. They have clearly embraced open-source as a good strategy for them, and are making massive investments in it. I would also note that Azure, while having all sorts of unexpected limitations, is at least much more transparent about pricing than AWS. The Azure UI almost always includes pricing information on the resources you are creating, which AWS carefully segregates away. I think that's the other way around - you get to drown now, but boy oh boy, you'll sure have a happy time come next millennium! If you had said low performance, you would have had a point. Even then, someone else could say that programs based on Electron at least aren't inherently insecure, like programs written in C are. And since IQ is an almost meaningless measure, so is brain size! Can I have that without the bacon? Voting is such a weak control system, that it is obviously not enough. Regular elections pack together so many decision points into so few options that it's barely worth participating. If we really want to influence politics, we need to get rid of this idea that voting is all that democracy means, and try to get people more organized, try to get many more people to participate directly in politics, get them to talk to their representatives regularly, get them to organize and pool resources together for important causes and so on. If you can convince 2 people to vote your way in an election, you've had a more meaningful impact on the election than if you voted yourself. If you can convince an elected representative to change their stance on some issue, you've had probably a hundred or a thousand times more impact on policy than your vote alone has. Until we recognize these things, the people who already do (mostly, but not exclusively, lobbyists and industry groups; and some religious organizations) will continue to effectively control policy. Would anyone ever imagine that, if say Mark Zuckerberg wanted a particular policy, he would do nothing until the next elections, and then would go to the polling station and vote for the candidate who seems to promise that policy? The fact that we don't have a good metric of intelligence doesn't make iq a useful measure of intelligence. IQ is only useful in determining pathologies, at the lower end, where any test is usually helpful. For anything else, it's almost entirely snake oil. If you want to know whether someone is good at something, the best way to test that is to do a test for that particular thing. A test for general inteligence, based on the assumption that general intelligence aptitude is normally distributed in the population, is just not good for anything, and is unlikely to be a reflection of reality, it's pure scientism (instead of science). Agreed, I didn't mean to imply that this would be revolutionary. But people who care about policy shouldn't be told to just vote, they should be told about the other mechanisms of influence as well, which are much more rarely discussed or brought up in this way. Not all people, obviously. But I'm tired of hearing that everything would be better if only people voted. People feel, correctly, that voting is not always an efficient way of influencing public policy. However, instead of hearing about all the other mechanisms which exist, they simply conclude that they can't influence public policy and abandon the stage completely. If we want to get more people involved in political matters, helping them find ways to influence what they care about with less effort than it takes right now would be the best way (not that I know what would be a real solution to that). The UN council on climate change and all of the world's climate researchers could be a signal worth paying someind to. By their account, we need to change the basis of our economy, and we should have started 10 or 20 years ago, so today would be the latest that can save some areas. The power to enact this change is denied to everyone who will suffer from it. I think the poster above wasn't talkng about input lag, but about the fact that the steering wheel acts as both input and output - you control the car through it, but you also get back information on the state of the car on the ad. If your motion was simply interpreted by computer, you would lose that information; so you in fact need a two way system, that reads your inputs and controls the car, but also reads the state of the car on the road and conveys that information to you. Sort of like how gaming driving peripherals added force feedback to make the controls more intuitive. The problem for someone like myself is that I have taken some classes on basic abstract algebra in high school (groups, monoid, rings etc) and came out of it with some definitions and... Nothing else. I can probably still tell if some operation on some set forms a group or not, but that has never been a directly useful tool in what I learned further through high-school and university. It didn't help in linear algebra. It didn't help with calculus. It didn't help with control theory. It didn't help with numerical methods. Sure, I could go around and see if new operations I learned about formed, say, rings, and I'm sure a lot of them do, but that was never used in theorems or demonstrations in those fields (the way I was taught them, anyway). It was only ever a set of definitions. And almost everything I've seen browsing on category theory seemed the same - like it's just definitions, new names for old concepts, with few theorems shown that elucidate the need for these new names. For example, lists and optionals and Either are monads. IO is also a monad. The most I've seen make use of knowing this fact is some nice-ish syntax sugar that works for all 3 of these seemingly disparate concepts. But even then, the 'work' for enabling that sugar seems to be done by the simple properties of the monad, more than some theorem that had been proven on monads in general. Are there some examples of common CS abstractions that are almost but not quite category theory constructs? Are there any simple examples where we get new proofs by recognizing that some old CS concept is, say, a monad? I understand your point about theorems for free in principle, but I have never seen one in these kinds of discussions (at least, not one that wasn't also a definition, e.g. if X is a monad than Y must be a functor). Sure, but in a better language, the second version already does the exact same thing as the first one. Your `return fmt.Errorf` is not exception handling, it is simply manual exception bubbling. It is boilerplate that you can forget to add, and that makes it harder to understand what the code is supposed to do. Maybe for the first error you are adding some context that the Read function didn't have, but for the second, the error handling code is doing absolutely nothing that an automatic exception stack trace didn't do. Even worse, with this style of programming, someone up the stack who would actually want to handle these errors has no mechanism to do, since you're returning the same type from both error cases. If they wanted to handle the certificate error but not the read error, they would have to parse the error message string, which is brittle. But if you did want to add appropriate context, your function would bloat even more. Not to mention that the standard library doesn't really help, since it generally doesn't define any specific error types to set up some patterns for this. Even in your example, from the start you assumed that your function can either succeed or fail in a generic way, you didn't think that the signature may want to encode multiple different error types, which is what GP was talking about when saying you can't usually think about the sad case before the happy case. Sure, if the extent to which you want to define sad case first is 'sad case can happen', you can. Go's error handling strategy is its weakest aspect, and it is annoying to hear advocates pretend that Go is doing it right, when 90% of Go code is doing the same thing as 90% of exception-based code, just manually and with less helpful context for either logging or for the 10% of code which actually wants to handle errors. That's not exactly true. All struct types in Go can not be nil. However, they also can't be abstracted over in any way, so they are a poor idea for an error type - you want an error interface, and all interface types in Go indeed are nil-able. What I meant about abstraction is that if you define a function which returns an error struct instead of an error interface, you lose any abstraction capability, you can only return that specific struct (and need to find some way of signaling that no error occurred). I'm not missing the forrest for the trees, I know your argument and reject it. Again, if you had showed an example where something is actually being done with the errors, I would have agreed with you 100%. But when all that is being done is bubbling the errors, having this be done manually by the programmer (and read every time by the code reviewer) is both inefficient and error-prone. Not to mention that one of the first 'skills' I developed as a Go programmer was to ignore any block starting with 'if err != nil', since it appears so, so much in the code. It's not uncommon to have one function contain 10 different 'if err != nil { return nil, fmt.Errorf("Error doing X %v", err)}' for trivial logic (make 10 calls to some external service, abort if anything fails). I don't have a problem with encoding errors in the function return type. But, coupled with Go's inability to abstract any kind of control flow, this error 'handling' strategy is almost as bad as C's. Other languages that don't offer exceptions avoid this problem with higher level control mechanisms, such as monads or macros. Even worse, the Go designers recommend some horrible patterns [0], like Scan() not returning an error, but putting the scanner in an error state that all other Scanner functions respect, and having client code explicitly check for the Error() property of the scanner object at the end - preventing any generic tool from helping check whether you correctly handle errors in your code, and introducing an entirely different pattern. And I don't know the source of your claim about Go's reliability, but all of the studies I have read comparing programming languages have found no or very little effect of the choice of language on overall number of bugs. One recent study [1] which included Go did have it as one of the more reliable languages (but behind Ruby, Perl or Clojure), but with a very minor overall effect, that may be explained by many factors other than error handling (they did not compare languages by this aspect). Edit: And one minor point, but I did miss the %w in your example code, which does indeed make it possible for code consuming your errors to differentiate them. In my defense, this is a feature of the very newest version of Go only; and having the difference between a 'testable' error and a not testable one be %w vs %v in a format string seems a design decision particularly hostile to code review. [0] https://blog.golang.org/errors-are-values [1] https://www.i-programmer.info/news/98-languages/11184-which-... There is quite a bit of overcomplication in that answer, because it's trying to cover all possible task kinds. In C#, compared to Go at least (but I suspect Erlang as well), Tasks are much more complex than goroutines and can accomplish more things. In particular, C# is not limited to a single scheduler for tasks, and not all task schedulers/runners are multithreaded. When you want to interact with the UI for example, which is single-threaded, you can still use async/await to do so, but the tasks that it produces are also going to run on the UI single-threaded executor. This is very useful for avoiding the need of synchronization, but it can easily introduce deadlocks if you're writing code as if tasks can run in parallel (they are only guaranteed to wait in parallel). If, on the other hand, you're working with Tasks that are simply used for concurrency, as in Go (and Erlang?), then those run on a thread-pool executor and you can easily and safely use Task.Wait and get sync-like code, including exception propagation, across the sync/async boundary (though you do have to handle the AggregateException, since Task.Wait doesn't know whether it's waiting for a single task or a set of tasks). In fact, this is actually easier than in Go, since the Task that you want to synchronously wait for doesn't have to cooperate with you in any way - Tasks are objects in C# and you can observe their state directly, unlike goroutines. The main thing I dislike about this in C# is that they desicded to have a single Task type, regardless of the executor, so the language wont help you avoid synchronous waits on the dangerous tasks unfortunately. Why would replacing (some) symbols with words make the text harder to read? But that wouldn't help with avoiding subvocalizing. If you know one pronunciation, even if it's not the correct one, you can still subvocalize. One thing I noticed about myself is that I often subvocalize large numbers (say, 64521) in my native language, especially when I'm reading a language I'm not fluent in. Subvocalizing is much faster than speaking. In general, subvocalizing refers to pronouncing the words in your head, which can be picked up by observing neural activity in the vocal chords. Even if your vocal chords were doing the full range of motion (they are not), when speaking, you also have to open and close your mouth, move your tongue, take in breath and expel it etc. It's much more than simply some activity in your vocal chords. That is simply not true empirically. Formal verification of anything above trivial programs takes years for PhD programmers. There has never even existed a large program (say, more than 200k LoC) that has been formally verified. The most complex formally verified programs I know of are the microkernel SeL4 (~9000 lines of code, excluding the proofs/specs) and CompCert, which I'm still trying to figure out the size of. > Such programs that are formally correct eliminates the need for testing almost completely and can cut such infrastructure down by possibly 95% I think this is an absurdly high number. The difficulty of proving the kind of rich properties that integration and system-level testing can easily cover is mind-boggling, and also requires huge amounts of infrastructure that doesn't exist and is not feasible for a single team to build. Think of an end-to-end test for a traffic generator application - you simulate a click in a web UI, you start a TCPdump on a network interface, wait for a a few minutes, and sample the capture for some expected packets. How much dependently-typed infrastructure would you need to get even the small level of assurance that this test gives? How much of networking protocols and OS APIs would you have to formally specify to even start proving that your program adheres to them? How much of the DOM and JS APIs would you have to formally specify in order to prove that the button is going to be visible on the screen and that clicking it will produce the right HTTPS calls to the backend? I am reasonably sure that dependent types will continue to get better and will help with developing certain kinds of abstract software components. But I believe that it would take decades before they can become a tool that could be used to prove a realistic large scale program to the point that you can throw away 95% of the testing done today. Plants need both blue and red light to grow. Also, plants and animals are so fundamentally different biologically that very few things which affect one have any direct reason to have similar effects on the other. If an intervention only 'works' because of the placebo effect, than that intervention doesn't actually work and there is no reason for someone else to use it. If my sleep is improved by listening to death metal with the volume set to high, then good for me and I can continue doing it, but you probably shouldn't copy me, and may explain to people that they probably shouldn't buy my 10$ death metal sleeping app. Note: I'm not accusing you of trying to sell something, I hope my comment doesn't come up that way. But some sciences really do require a lot of memorization, and even if we could understand the entire world from first principles, biology would still remain a separate science from physics, especially in the area of anatomy and ecology. Perhaps one day we will be able to account for each biological process starting from physics, but that still won't help us find new species of orchids and which bees pollinate them. Even for chemistry, sure, you can use quantum mechanics to predict what combining hydrochloric acid with caustic soda produce, but that is far, far more difficult than remembering some valence for the few common elements. The article keeps mentioning that modern architecture is less likely to help with healing, which is a very odd terminology, I would have liked to see some explanation of what it means by that. At first read, it sounds very much like new-age mumbo-jumbo, but the rest of the article doesn't have that vibe, so I was left confused. From what I've read, the placebo effect is still mysterious, and the only place where it is consistently found to help is in pain perception. Outside of this, there are some studies which show improvements in placebo when compared to no treatment, but other studies ([1][2][3]) find no improvement or only perceived improvement - e.g. the patient feels that they slept better, but in fact they slept the same amount and it took them just as long to get to sleep. So, overall, it's not clear whether the placebo effect is a real effect that placebos have on patient health, or whether it is an artifact in the data, e.g. due to reporting errors, especially in studies which are not double blind (where the researcher may be biased themselves in the way they are collecting the data). There are also many studies which compare an active substance to a placebo treatment but have no data about patient response under no treatment, which is itself not necessarily 0 [2]. Edit: added a [3] that is explicitly about insomnia - placebo was found to improve subjective perception of sleep quality, but not objective measures (sleep onset latency). [1] https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11372012 [2] https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/3169222 [3] https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S10870... > I'll add a bit to @kerkeslager response in stating that a placebo is something that works because you are told it will work Yes, that was part of my initial point - to the extent that placebo exists, anything can be turned into a placebo with enough marketing. Avoiding blue light could help with sleep quality. Adding more blue light could help with sleep quality. Faith healing could help with sleep quality. Homeopathy, traditional Chinese medicine, ayurvedic medicine, leeching, blood-letting etc. If it only depends on you believing in it, but it does help, I would recommend the cheapest possible remedy that you can bring yourself to trust, and that doesn't have a proven anti-effect (coffee therapy for curing insomnia may not be an effective treatment). I also detailed some skepticism of the placebo effect in another response here. As the article explicitly shows, private medical research very much follows academic thought, because of the same incentives that makes public funding a political game. There is in fact no fundamental difference between a manager deciding what projects to take on and a bureaucrat deciding which projects to fund from public money - in both cases, the person doing the decision is not using their own money, and they don't have the full qualification to make the best scientific decision. Even if they do, they are held responsible by people who do not (upper managers / higher level bureaucrats), who will evaluate them more on the process they followed than on actual results (especially as results are likely to be far off). Even though 'a company is putting its own money behind the research', it's still people who don't own that money taking the actual decisions. Even start-ups are usually not using 'their own money', but investors' money, with the investors taking the role of grants approvers. Not really, in Rust's case. It's the general borrow checker which handles this. Since in Rust it is illegal for a value to be referenced for writing in one place and referenced for anything else in any other place, regardless of concurrency/parallelism, Rust code is data-race free by design. I still think that GP's comment was a non-sequitur. Approaches using IPC/sockets are significantly more complicated than shared-memory parallelism in most programming languages. Sockets at least are also an absurdly wasteful communication mechanism in low-concurrency situations, compared to direct shared memory access. If you have a simple REST web server, single-thread is simply not a realistic option. The next simplest thing is to do shared memory parallelism, which works perfectly for a few dozens to low hundreds of threads. That already covers a lot of scale for many realistic problems. Moving from that to a distributed system design is a significant jump in implementation complexity, and will likely increase per-request latency with most straight-forward implementations. Not GP and nothing to do with them, but I have an example of a CSV format which yields absurdly long lines. We have a CSV for timeseries data, where for some reason someone decided to force each line to represent one data point. However, for some cases, one data point may contain around 30 different statistics for 4 million different IPs, which get represented as 120 million columns in the CSV (think a CSV header like 'timestamp,10.0.0.1—Throughput,10.0.0.1-DroppedBytes,[...],10.215.188.251-Throughput,[...]'). With large numbers represented as text in a CSV, this can sometimes reach more than one 1GB per line. The solution with multiple locks is to always take them in the same defined order on any code path - that guarantees that you can't get into deadlock situations. The point of 2 was that you could synthesize a drug starting from Marijuana instead of prescribing it directly. It wasn't about prescribing opioids instead of Marijuana. OP specifically said 'no job losses from AI automation' - the point was, not only no AGI in some singularity sense, but in general, no AI 'general enough' to take over significant human jobs. There may be some kind of labeling encoded in genes. One thing that it is safe to assume is genetically encoded somehow is that sounds made by your parents/humans around you is worth repeating while other sounds are not. However, past that, the actual sounds themselves, and any association to meaning, are pretty far from tagged data sets. Stuff like the specifics of language (e.g. that a dog is called 'dog') are definitely learned, and children learn them with typically only a handful of stimuli, often a single one. For contrast, imagine training a model with raw sound data tagged only with "speech" vs "not speech" (and probably only a few thousand data points at that) and I will be amazed if it can recognize a single word. And babies don't just learn words, they learn their association to things they see and hear, and grammar, and abstract thought. Do note that it is very likely that human brains can learn all that because they have some good heuristics built in. We definitely know some stuff is "hardware" - object recognition, basic mechanics, recognizing human faces and expression, and others. We are pretty sure higher level stuff is also built in - universal grammar, basic logic, some ability to simulate behavior seen/heard in other humans. This specialized hardware was also most likely learned, but over much, much greater periods of time, through evolution over hundreds of millions of years (since even extremely old animals are capable of picking out objects in the environment, approximating their speed etc). You believe that we will achieve (1) in 2020? Or do you believe that we will achieve this at some point in general? The encoding I was talking about may well be something more abstract than 'imitate humans'. Still, babies don't generally try to imitate the sound of rattles or household sounds nearly as much as speech, so I still conclude that it is a safe assumption that there is something about sounds made by humans that is inherently interesting to them for some reason (instead of being a learned behavior). Related to the second, the rate at which we learn, and the very specific order we learn things in, points very strongly in the direction that there is some built-in model that we train inside of. For example, essentially all babies first learn intonation before learning words. Also, most words are learned with an extremely small set of examples - at some ages, often hearing a word a single time is enough for the child to learn it (known as the 'poverty of the stimulus' problem). This has been mainstream understanding ever since behaviorism fell out of favor due to similar arguments by Chomsky. That may well be the mechanism behind this. I was talking in very general terms, not a specific 'imitate humans' structure in the brain. Well, babies start picking out objects within weeks or months after birth. And many birds and mammals are much faster than that. That's not a huge amount of data to learn something so abstract from scratch, especially given the limited bandwidth of our data acquisition. Furthermore, for other kinds of human knowledge, the learning process is very rarely based on data. After the acquisition of language, we generally seem to learn much more by analogy and deduction than by purely analyzing data. The difference is evident, since we can often pick up facts with a single datapoint, even in small children in kindergarten. Also, getting back to your point on how we start AI - if you try to take a neural network and throw 3D sensor data at it, and immediately start using its outputs to modify the environment those sensors are sensing, I suspect you will not get any meaningful amount of learning. You probably need a very complex model and set of initial weights to have any chance of learning something like 3D objects and their basic physics (weight, speed and hwo those affect their predicted position). I would at least bet that you wouldn't get anywhere near, say, kitten accuracy in one month of training. Related to 3D objects vs 2D, I completely agree. The range of the vocal chords is a reason why children can't successfully imitate these sounds, it doesn't directly explain why they wouldn't try. While I personally agree with you, I know that some people really hate 'everything is an expression', especially when assignment is treated as an expression. This has been a very controversial addition to Python 3 for example. I would also mention that support for higher order functions, in the sense of functions which take other functions as arguments, is eevn possible in C. I think a much more important feature that is only recently becoming mainstream is support for lambdas. Support for HoF without lambdas is relatively worthless in my opinion. Sure, but that's the problem with inequality: we're not mad at birds because they can fly and we can't - we're too different. But we are naturally mad at other humans, who are 99.99% identical to us but who live vastly different lives through accidents of birth or sometimes business success. Many things are not expressions in Python. My point was that the community is hostile to making (some of) them expressions, as was seen with the controversy over adding := as an assignment expression (so you can do `if x:=y`, for example). They may feel that way, but the difference is that standard cosmology is a highly-successful predictive model consistent with all popular physical theories, while plasma cosmology is proposing physically unlikely phenomena that have never been observed, interpreting prehistoric art for 'observations', and fails to account for many modern observations. It's perhaps not as bad as the so-called electric universe, but it is certainly a much more likely example of pathological science than standard cosmology is. Unfortunately, electric universe can't explain anything, as it is not a mathematical model, and it doesn't account for the vast majority of observations successfully predicted by relativity - especially gravitational le sing and time dilation. You need to know much more to use git in anything involving more than one branch. You need to know git checkout, git stash, you need to know how to fix conflicts, you need to know rebase vs merge and how to understand git log when you use merge, you need git reset, you probably need git cherry pick occasionally. One of the major day to day annoyances is the fact that (by default) I can't work on multiple branches without committing or stashing all the time, since switching branches, instead of being a simple 'cd' like in other VCSs is instead a destructive operation on my entire repo (also causing re-indexing for all content-aware tools...). And if I want the normal behavior? I need to learn some other commands to set that up, and learn their filesystem restrictions... Unions are not just there to protect people close to poverty wages or who work in potentially deadly conditions. Sure, as a software engineer you are pretty well off to begin with, but there is also the question of fairness - how much of the company's success are workers actually reaping? Are they really getting a fair share of the fruits of their labor? The union should help with that, if nothing else. Maxwell's equations won't help you understand how time works, so you can't run a successful GPS, for example. They also don't explain why stars introduce le sing effects. Perhaps dark matter and dark energy are indeed a wrong conclusion - Sabine Hofstadter, to take a mainstream scientist, thinks so as well, and proposes some explanations that don't throw the baby out with the bath water. Either way, physics thrives when we have observations which don't match our theories, and the only thing we can do to bring them closer is to experiment. If a paradigm shift turns out to be necessary, then it should happen once the new paradigm is actually capable of explaining at least most (if not all) of the currently understood phenomena. For example, special relativity was perfectly in line with Newtonian mechanics, and could be used to derive the same conclusions for planet motion that Newton had painstakingly measured 400 years ago. If it hadn't been consistent with those (and with Maxwell's equations) than it would have never been accepted. And in fact, it wasn't entirely accepted until one of its more outlandish predictions - gravitational lensing - was observed experimentally, not just in general lines, but down to the actual measurement predicted by the maths. Yes, but it does so by citing Merriam Webster which explicitly says that it includes death or severe injury. When you look at pictures like [1] it's very hard to accept a kind of galactic-cluster level atmosphere that would produce that type of lensing. You're also ignoring the observed clock differences between clocks in LEO and clocks on the ground - which happen to have the exact values predicted by GR. And these are just some of the more neatly observable consequences of GR. There are many others that are more sophisticated to notice, but that an EU theory would have to explain rigorously before it could even be seen as an alternative theory, not to mention hoping to be accepted. Mind you, it is very likely that GR has some holes, as does QM - after all, we do know that they are not compatible with one another. We also have dark matter and the positive cosmological constant which are iffy. We also see that the maths of GR have a singularity when analyzing what would happen in the center of a black hole, and since we know that these objects exist, it's likely that there are unknown effects that the math doesn't predict and that would prevent the mathematical singularity from forming. But noting that a theory which has made highly successful and precise predictions has some limitations as well is by no means a reason to throw it out and start from scratch. It's much more likely, just as happened with Newtonian Mechanics, that we will find some extension of GR and QM that can successfully account for the discrepancies. Perhaps dark matter will actually be observed directly, perhaps extending the Standard Model of particle physics. Perhaps some unexpected limits similar to the speed of light will be found that can explain what happens inside a black hole. Perhaps dark energy is simply an artifact of the linear approximations we are using to solve the non-linear equations of GR [2]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravitational_lens#/media/File... [2] http://backreaction.blogspot.com/2019/10/dark-matter-nightma... > The world is a giant ship with 8+ billion each with their own oar in the water. I agree with most of what you said, except for this. We are much more like a modern cruise ship with a few thousand people on the button for the engine, heading full power towards the iceberg because there's some sweets they want in the same direction. If one of them doesn't collect enough sweets, they usually get sent down to the oars. There are also 7-8 billion other people with oars in the water, pulling in several different directions, getting told either that they will also get some of the sweets if they row towards the iceberg, or that we wouldn't be in this mess if the just rowed against the engines harder. Obviously, the rowers can't change the direction of the ship - they can either hope that the people controlling the engine change their mind, or they can leave their oars and go take down the engine people en masse. Point being, the vast majority of people, even pulling together, can't do anything to reverse global warming through direct action. We need to organize and take political action to force governments and companies to act if we are to have any real impact. Of course this will in turn affect us as well (less stuff, less meat, less AC and so many others), but the change must come from the top down at this point. At this point, even if entire countries chose spontaneously to buy half the stuff and eat half the meat, that would probably not have a significant impact on CO2 emissions, given that production would likely continue and switch to more exports. The problem I have with assuming plasma is pervasive in the void of space is that, unlike the hypothesised dark matter, plasma should be hot and visible. As I understand it, there is mainstream acceptance that there is a possibility that some regions of space, such as the galactic center, could contain plasma (though the preferred explanation is that they contain matter pulled apart by a supermassive black hole), and some other regions such as nebulae do contain plasma, but the picture I linked earlier doesn't show any kind of hot visible substance that could refract light to produce that lensing effect. If gravity affected the atomic clock frequency, we would need to understand how. Either way, we know from observations of the speed of light being constant in any reference frame that time dilation must exist when moving at high speeds. GR incorporates acceleration and gravity here. Note that rejecting GR doesn't get rid of space-time (perhaps at best, it gets rid of curved space-time). We know from very good observations that the speed of light is a physical constant, so at least special relativity must be true (or we need some other theory to explain this physical phenomenon). However, if we got rid of GR we would also need a new explanation for a very old problem: why is an object's inertial mass (the amount that it opposes motion) equal to its gravitational mass (the amount that it is attracted by the earth through Newton's formula)? GR has a beautiful unification of these two masses, making acceleration equivalent to gravity (which also happens to match how we feel, by the way). Now, if I understand correctly, Plasma Cosmology does not discount GR, but simply proposes that plasma physics is more important in some galactic structures, especially the large-scale structure of the universe. There seem to be some technical limitations (related to implications for the state of the early universe vs observed current state), but perhaps they are resolvable. Electric Universe starts from there essentially and seems to go much farther, getting rid of gravity and GR (and Special Relativity?) and hits all of the issues I mentioned above. I'm not sure what this quote is meant to illustrate. The structure of the Electron is now understood in QM (it is structure-less, an elementary particle), the luminiferous aether is disproven, and gravity is understood as equivalent to acceleration, essentially through E=mc2, instead of being carried by particle or wave (though it can cause waves, as recently detected). On the other hand, other fields, such as the electrical field, are shown to reduce to particles flying around (photons, for the electric field), so if the quote was meant to say that electrical charge could replace a graviton, that has proven wrong. I've read and appreciate your previous posts. They did get me thinking why programming is the one technical discipline which is actively hostile to notation/shorthand. On the other hand, I think that there are two aspects of this style that need to be separated - the decision to use extremely concise identifiers has nothing to do with the performance / size / correctness characteristics of the code. There is something else to the style that might be applied to get those, and perhaps that would be more important to teach than the ability to read 'notation-like' code (for lack of a better name). I do understand the claim that the identifier style is what helps you understand and review the code much better, so it may be an enabler. Fortunately, objects in modern GC are almost guaranteed to be layed out sequentially in memory of they are allocated sequentially or if they are referenced sequentially and a GC pass has run, because of the way copying GCs work. The much bigger problem is the memory and CPU overhead of storing pointers and following them, though that should be mitigated somewhat by the prefetcher. The problem GP was raising is on the other half of Optional: when you do finally need an int. Say, you want to do arr[*increment(maybeInt)] //error: can't dereference Optional Now, if you as a programmer don't think increment(maybeInt) can actually return None in your particular case, you will probably do the minimal work to convince the compiler to let it go, say matchOptional( increment(maybeInt), someInt => {return arr[someInt]}, () => { /*never happens*/ return 0; }) (using a slightly simpler notation that your version, since I'm on mobile) Now, if you were wrong and you do get a Nothing, instead of seeing a nice stack trace, you have an absurd 0 running forward. You could improve this using an assert() but this is what managed languages already do with the NullPointerException&friends. The more interesting thing to show is all the code that does not deal with optional and that is now magically free of any possibility of null errors. But the programmer is still responsible for correctly treating the moment they need to go from optional values to non-optional, and here Optional is essentially just more in-your-face than null (which is valuable, don't get me wrong). The only example I know of where a language feature truly completely eliminates a category of errors is managed memory, which does not replace memory errors with any other more-or-less equivalent error case. I personally very much doubt NULL is a significant source of errors in managed memory languages. It's not nothing, but they are some of the easiest bugs to track down. > Even if the function is long it's pretty easy to skip over the irrelevant parts. > Overall the tradeoff is generally worth it though, because you only need to care about one case at a time. Which part is irrelevant? As a programmer, I don't generally know which value `object` has, so if I need to understand the whole statement, I need to look at every case, so I often need to check whether they are identical or slightly different. Duplicate code like this is a well-known source of bugs, one of the cases most often highlighted by static analysis tools. That works until you have 20 different Big Ol' Switch Statements, each switching on (mostly) the same cases, essentially implementing a set of related behaviors in 20 different places instead of grouping the 20 behaviors under the same umbrella. Overall, I think there is an equilibrium between the number of cases in the switch and the number of different switches with the mostly the same cases. The fewer cases ypu have and the more times you handle the same cases, the more it will help to group these different behaviors in separate places: each case would correspond to a different class, each switch statement to a different method in each class. The fewer classes and the larger they are, the more I think it helps to apply this transformation. By the way, this has nothing to do with the discussion above. The alternative to the switch that GP commenter presented isn't polymorphism, it is simply extracting the common lines into a separate function. There are normal cases where this can happen. For example, a map should normally return an Optional when you try to retrieve a key's association. However, there may be special cases where you know that a key is present (maybe it is a constant map, maybe you just set the value of that key etc). I do agree that these cases are much rarer than the cases where a value is either always there, or the cases where a value really can be missing. I was only pointing out that Optional doesn't eliminate 100% of null errors, just 99.9% of them. > Having implicit null references, and implicit null checks on dereference, optimized for rare a corner case to the detriment of safety in typical code patterns, is a bad thing. Yes, I completely agree. I was just trying to point out that Optional is not a 100% air-tight solution, I think the problem of handling missing values is just too general to actually have a 100% solution. Still, the perfect shouldn't be the enemy of the good, and default non-nullable definitely helps in most cases. > It can also be pretty tricky to track down, when the code producing the null happens to run long before the code dereferencing it. Here I don't agree. If the code producing the null is the problem, then you would have the same problem with Optional. Optional helps when code consuming the null forgot to handle the null case. If you're writing C# or Python and you get an NPE, and null was actually a valid value, you don't need to track down the source of the null, you just need to handle the null case in the exact case where the exception occurred (and possibly further downstream). No, having to think about value and move semantics is extra overhead you take on. It's better when the compiler can help you catch this, like in Rust, but it still forces you to structure your program a certain way and to constantly think about incidental details like ownership. Even if that is true, given how easy it is for a billionaire to have an abortion if they don't want a daughter, and to make sure no one knows about it, I don't think it's proof of anything directly. That is not how human learning works. Manuals don't contain hundreds of thousands of examples to allow students to draw their own conclusion. And for inventing new physics, there are two very different approaches. One is perhaps similar to machine learning, where people look at an existing model, find experimental data that doesn't match the model, and adjust the model slightly until it matches the new data. But another mode is where you have a model with certain mathematical properties, then you discover new mathatics that give more properties, and you only then ask for more data to check these extensions. There's a field called pedagogy which explores some principles of how to teach humans things. The GP's post was not about early development, but about all human learning, including higher learning and advanced physics. Sure, there are modes of learning that are pure experimentation, but there are many other modes of human learning. Even children, after some point, start developing a model and then designing experiments to test hypotheses to refine that model, which is not at all how machine learning works. Sure, manuals were just a very obvious example. Teacher-pupil and master-apprentice relationships are similar to manuals though, and these were likely present even in primitive human societies. Even in primates, copying another individual's actions is a major mode of learning, instead of random exploration. What is common in the public at large is not necessarily what is common in the subculture of old money families. Still, I am not necessarily claiming that this is happening, but it certainly seems more plausible than having some psycho-somatic path where wealthier women would give birth to more male offspring. Another even more plausible explanation is that the effect simply does not exist, that the data was not properly collected. The whole point is that that is not a minor difference. That same personal car, for that same money, would be much more useful if it was someone's first car instead of 10th. The money given for the car is the same either way, but the real utility that the car brings is not. > Those evil fat cats simply hoard stolen money and don't interact with greater society in any other way, right? Nevermind driving social policy, producing jobs, and building indirect relationships where large and small actors do benefit from cooperation. The fact that fat cats drive social policy is the largest problem, since they have always driven social policy only towards their own interests. Job creation can happen without capitalists (look at large co-ops, like the Spanish Mondragon). Also, note that this article is on the fringes of modern economics. Most modern economics absolutely supports the fat cats and their preferred models. Except that there are people for whom the price of a car is pocket change. Well, in particular, setting it on fire is actually against the law, on safety and environmental reasons. The same environmental reasons will probably have to apply in the near future for over-consumption in general. But that is all a different matter. The relevant discussion is not about trying to prevent people from spending their money for useless things. It is about the relationship between economic value and actual utility. Any transaction for a car seems to produce the same economic value, but can have vastly different social utility. Therefore, arguments that certain behaviors should be accepted because they produce economic value which must have social utility are wrong. So perhaps it does make sense to tax the rich, even though GDP or other economic value measurements will go down, because social utility will not go down proportionally. Java code doesn't execute either. It is compiled to a different representation, and then interpreted or compiled again by a different program. And that binary representation has a translation for `void foo(int a)` just as much as it does for `x = new Object()`. Even if there were any technical merit to this idea that API definitions are not code, I still don't think it would mean anything. Copyright law applies to human expression, not to code specifcally. Personally, although I generally despise their practices, I think that Oracle is fully in the right here. APIs are obviously the result of human creativity and they do deserve protection. Google only chose to copy the Java API for their new platform because they liked it aesthetically and didn't want to invest into creating a new API to use for their platform (a decision I'm sure they are regretting). What I think would make most sense is to allow APIs to be copyrighted, but to enshrine a specific fair-use exception for interoperability. If that were granted, WINE and other emulators would be allowed to copy Windows' API under that fair-use exception, whereas Google would still not be allowed to do what they did. Then that is a big problem with the model of a rational consumer, because no one operates to that standard, not even close. Java has always been copyrighted, and Sun has already used that copyright against to shut down an implementation that was not conforming before - see Microsoft Java (later kept alive for a while as J#). > There happens to only be a single way to write the method signatures of a compatible method. That's not actually true. For example, all of the following method headers are compatible: void foo(int a) throws Exception void foo(int x) throws IOException void foo(int index) throws RuntimeException Sure, this is a technicality, but it is not completely irrelevant. However, the whole discussion is moot, because Google had no intention of being compatible with anything, as shown by the fact that there is no real-world Java program that runs as-is on Android. Also, copyright only applies to actual copies of the original work. Google could have done a clean-room redesign of the Java API starting from Java programs, they could have arrived at the same API that they have today, and could not have been successfully accused of copying. > Changing the thrown exception is an incompatible change in Java. Not if you're throwing a more specific exception. So the second and third methods are compatible with the first one, but not the other way around. > The vast majority of Java code runs on perfectly well in Android. The vast majority of Java applications use features not available on Dalvik, ever-changing though the vast majority of their code would indeed run. > This is what they did. Oracle's argument is that a clean room implementation of the Java API is also copyright infringement. They did a clean-room implementation by looking at the specification of the Java API. They did not reverse-engineer the API from working programs or from decompiled binaries, and are not claiming that they did. If they had, you would have probably seen minor differences in parameter names, thrown exceptions and a few other places. All differences result in inequality, but not all inequity is created by differences in ability. The largest source of inequality, by far, is inherited wealth. This is true both at the top (Bill Gates' children will start out much better in life than his cleaner's children), and in large populations (children of freed slaves start out in life with much less wealth than the children of free workers, whether it's black slaves in the south or gypsies in Romania), and this also tends to perpetuate through many generations. Probably the second largest source of inequality is explicit in-group biases. Powerful and wealthy groups (e.g. rich people, politicians, academicians) can induce large inequality by simply selecting people like themselves to help and peoe different from themselves to hinder. Male professors would often give female students harder assignments or lower marks in the early days of women in high-education. Male-only entrepreneurs were far more likely to do business with other men than with women when women started being allowed to own property. Rich people rarely accept poorer people in their social clubs. Another huge cause of inequality are perceived differences (for example, there was once ample belief in European circles that non-white people were not capable of higher thought, so of course it is absurd to try to educate them). Even today, you have people like James Damore claiming that women are known to be inferior in coding skills, and extrapolating from there that few women could code at Google, as if coding at Google is like Olymping weight-lifting, instead of it being like being mildly successful at the gym. And these 3 are all sources of inequality that we should seek to eliminate. There may be others as well, but these are the biggest by far. After we eliminate them, sure, some natural inequality will remain, and the very top of some fields, where differences in ability really matter, inequality will be very visible - you will rarely see female weight-lifters trying to compete in men's competitions. At this level, we may also see differences in aspects of intelligence between different groups show up, if those are indeed real. But for the vast majority of human endeavors, there are no significant natural differences between people which would truly affect outcomes. Human beings are vastly more similar than usually believed, after deliberately taking some moderate amount of training in something. > As we can agree that inequality is natural, the burden of proof is on you to prove that any particular inequality is unjustifiable. I accept no such burden. Since the ideal world would have plenitude for all, anything that takes us away from such a world must be justified. And 'nature' is not a justification. Disease is natural, but we don't have to justify trying to cure disease. > A person can give their property to anybody they please, we can and we do tax such transactions, but it perpetuates wealth across generations, it does not constitute an unnatural or unjust inequality. Unlike what some modern libertarians may believe, the right to property is not necessarily fundamental. There are perfectly coherent moral systems that do not value the right to property very highly at all. As such, the right to transfer your wealth to your children may be severely diminished, if it is important for more important ideals. > If you took two random people from the worlds population, you have no reason at all to believe their motivations, or the choices they made in life would have much in common at all. Sure, choices can vary a lot between individuals. But society as a whole can work to ensure that outcomes are not vastly different. For example, it should not be possible to starve in a wealthy country because of poor choices. It should not be possible to be homeless in a wealthy country because of poor choices. It should not be possible to be denied medical care in a wealthy country because of poor choices. And it should also not be possible to have more influence over the country's policy than 99.9% percent of the population because of good choices. Especially when those good choices were made by you grandfather. Yes, they did, which is one of the reasons BitCoin is approximately 0.00% percent of the world financial markets. It does not matter whether it seems like much or not, because approximately none of that market cap is coming from using BitCoin for payments, it comes almost entirely from using BitCoin as a speculative asset. All attempts to use it for non-crime-related payments have failed so far, because of its slow speed and huge transaction costs. And in a spectacular turn of events, it may be a worse polluter than any single American car company as well. I bet Satoshi Nakamoto didn't plan for this one, eh? Whenever I've flown Ryanair, the seats were assigned and printed on the boarding pass (but you had to pay if you wanted to chose your seat). When was this time that they weren't? Well, there is an extremely simple reason: because these tools are installed for all users, not just your own. Doing it any other way would be wasteful on an actual multi-user machine. But some tools do support it - both Chrome and Firefox can be installed without admin privileges. There is also the fact that Office and many other products rely on demons starting at boot time, which can only be installed with admin rights. The same applies to all popular Linux distributions (even more than on Windows, since you can provide a nice current-user only installer on Windows, but any common program package on Linux requires admin rights before you can even access it). On the other hand, for most people this admin vs regular user separation is almost meaningless and provides little extra security. Sure, if I install malware as admin it will be harder to get rid of it, but except for that, it can hurt me just as much, since all of the files I really care about (documents, photos, game saves etc) are already accessible with my user, and any program running as my user can already connect to the internet and send information about what my user is doing (not to mention bother me with ads). Some of the really damaging ransomware that recently made the rounds didn't even require admin privileges, it simply encrypted data in some common user-owned folders, if I'm not mistaken (it probably did need some privilege escalation to spread, though, which is a big problem on office networks). But how could a regular user be allowed to install something for other users? That would be a breach of security. I don't think there was any reason to assume a post title starting with 'dynamic type' would use open to refer to open-source - how could there possibly be a correlation? Hmm, that may be true for JSON, but I think that Java binary serialization holds enough information about the original types to allow deserialization without having to explicitly pass the expected class (though what the runtime system does behind the scenes may be equivalent). > Someday I'll put together a page listing the dozens of C++'s design daults. It's pretty old and somewhat outdated by now, but you might enjoy the C++ FQA (Frequently Questioned Answers): https://yosefk.com/c++fqa/ I'm not sure modern C++ has proven to be safer than C (old C++ most certainly has not). Also, I'm not as sure as you that there is an overwhelming number of people adopting modern C++, given the slow speed at which I've seen at least my company being able to move to C++11 and then C++14. The reality is that C++ is still an extremely unsafe language, where any slight deviation from strict discipline (discipline that itself has only really been ergonomical since C++14 or so) will lead to memory corruption errors. Even with modern C++ features you can get memory corruption: null references, references to moved objects, no way to signal errors from destructors, and there is still no good way to check whether an operation on ints will overflow. Moreover, the insistence on optimizing around undefined behavior, specific to C and C++ I believe, coupled with large reliance on undefined behavior in the standard, leaves C++ in a very poor position as far as guarantees of safety are concerned. In general, the responsible thing if we want a more secure world would be to discourage the use of manual memory management as much as possible, whether it be in C, C++ or Fortran. That does include trying to get people to use smart pointers if they absolutely have to use C++, but it should also include getting people to use other languages if at all possible (Java, C# or Go would be the more mature ones for large business). Unfortunately, modern C++ still includes (the vast majority of) C, both in theory and in practice in many code bases around the world. Still, the fastest C++ framework there is slower than than both the fastest Go-based fwk and the fastest Java-based one. Well, call/cc usually makes it impossible to add a construct like 'finally' to a language, so it does at least block some options. SSL data is encrypted with a symmetric, per-session key. Only the initial handshake is done through asymmetric encryption, and only the initial handshake uses the global public/private key pair. Depend on your use case, HTTPS may not give you the right guarantees. For example, if you are trying to check an online license (where the client running the current application is essentially a potential adversary), HTTPS gives you no guarantees that the license server you think you are talking to is the real license server. You could pin the certificate to work around this, but then you have to reinvent revocation and renewal of the certificate for your own application. A longer lived, application specific signature may be a better option. In other cases, HTTPS's end-to-end encryption may not be completely desirable - for example, apt does not use HTTPS as it would interfere with simple caching proxies, and it offers no extra assurances than a verified signature does. Coming from the C# and JVM world to go, tooling looked like one of the worst parts of Go. The debugging story is very limited: - No function execution - No edit-and-continue - No conditional breakpoints - No watchpoints Package management works OK on the consumption side, though it is much more clunky than with classic package managers (e.g. set an ENV variable to get a custom proxy, but write something in go.mod file to get a per-package proxy). However, the publishing side is all over the place: - Relies on source-control integration - Horrible import paths for packages published from large repos - Versioning based on source-control tagging, exact format undocumented - Major version changes require source-code level changes in all files touching the package - Multiple Go modules in same repo use-case is not documented (can you have separate versions from same commit? how do they reference each other?) The source-code level tools/plugins available are extremely basic (except for GoLand): - No refactoring support other than "rename variable" - Reference-finding across modules rarely seems to work - No way to automatically find all implementations of an interface - especially problematic in a language with implicit interface implementation - The tools are pretty slow, constantly re-parsing large chunks of code; go pls has fixed some of that But then, that is the question : which language is that? C# and Java are not it. C and C++ have excellent dev tools and debuggers, though it's true package management is essentially non - existent. Python, JavaScript and TypeScrpit have better tools than Go, even with the limitations of a dynamic language (the package ecosystem of npm is horrible, but npm itself is a pretty decent tool, definitely much simpler than go mod). > I can't say that of C# or java, you probably need a PhD just to be able to use 1/3 of c#/java tooling and IDE features. That is absolutely incorrect. The whole point of having tooling at your disposal is to make the process of writing and reading code dead simple. Ypu don't need a PhD to pause the debugger, edit some code, hit continue, and have the new code executing. You don't need a PhD to select some text, click Extract Method (or press the shortcut), type in the method name, and have the new method/function on the screen. By the way, C has excellent tooling on all of these sides as well - C IDEs and debuggers are extremely powerful, unlike Go. I understand duck typing of interfaces to types imposes some limitations, but it is by no means an absolute limitation. Given a set of Go source files, you can absolutely automatically find all types in those source files which match an interface. Sure, there could be implementations in other places as well, but the same is true for Java or C# or C++. Also, note that the compiler already does this check whenever you try to use some type as a specific interface type, this is not dynamic binding at runtime. Go guru is extremely slow, go pls is faster but doesn't implement this (yet, hopefully). Having multiple incomplete tools that do the same thing in the official tooling is another problem with Go tooling. Unfortunately I was pretty confusing. The G-GP had said 'imagine how much worse other languages are', and I was pointing out that I don't know which those other languages with worse tooling are. That phrase was meant to say 'Java and C# are obviously not languages with worse tooling'. That is, I agree with you, and considered it obvious that Java and C# have stellar tooling. Eclipse is far more powerful of a C and Java IDE than any non-commercial Go (I)DE. NetBeans is also a great Java IDE. They're not as powerful as IntelliJ or VS, but they are still miles ahead of any Go plugin I've used. Also note, for C you have gdb, you have ctags, you have all sorts of great plugins for Emacs or Vim or whatever. You also have stellar plugins for Javascript and TypeScript, for VSCode, for Emacs, for vim and many others. I'm not just comparing VS with vim+go plugins. The race detector is nice, and can be a massive boon to productivity. Mulți-platform/multi-arch compilation is simply not relevant to most common languages in use today. Still, it's nice that it exists, though it is only so simple because of Go's (flawed) static-linking-only model. Go fmt is a nice tool, but is very low impact in my experience. Go vet is OK, but there are better static analyzers. The fact that it comes out of the box is a plus, but it's not the most important characteristic in a static analyzer. Profiling with pprof is nice for very simple problems, but it can't match a visual profiler for complex issues, and its memory profiling is extremely bare bones. Java heapprof and VisualVM are equivalent or superior, and they also come out of the box with the JDK. Similarly, the kinds of memory analysis you can do by collecting heap dumps and analyzing them in GDB is much more powerful (and has many more uses) than what pprof offers on that front. Go overall has decent tooling, especially for its age. But its tooling compares unfavorably to what is available for free (not to mention if you are willing to pay) for any other popular language except maybe python. As a final note, package publishing is absolutely related directly to Go tools - it is go mod download/go get that define what it means to publish a go package, how you specify its version and everything else I raised. Sure, but whether a tool is 3rd party or 1st party matters less if there is significant difference in the advantages that tool brings. Being free and/or open source is more important, but at least currently, there are many excellent free and open source Java tools in all the categories I mentioned. Also, I didn't say that Go's tooling is the worst. I said it's one of its worst aspects. I still miss Maven, jmap, VisualVM, and the Java debugger almost everyday, not to mention IntelliJ. > Most of the things you have to configure and tweak on the JVM and profile for aren't even considerations in Go, because they are either simply non-issues in Go, or don't exist (because Go does not have a virtual machine to begin with) I'm not sure what you are thinking of specifically here, but in general the same considerations apply between Go and JVM, it's just that Go doesn't allow you to tweak things like GC algorithms and parameters. JIT is the only other area where I remember spending time thinking about Java performance that is truly a non-consideration in Go, but Go has other performance considerations to worry about (pass by copy vs pass by pointer, number of system threads off the top of my head). Edit-compile-rerun is as fast or slower in Go compared to Java, C#, Python, Ruby and many others, and it's still an option in those languages. Comparing to C, C++ or Rust, or, surprisingly, JS, instead, you're probably right. However, unit testing is not by any means a substitute for all uses of a debugger. You can add unit tests to reproduce an error in any language, but once your problems start crossing module boundaries, a debugger (or printf debugging at least) often becomes indispensable. And having an edit-and-continue debugger is extraordinarily helpful when dealing with bugs that only reproduce in complex application states (when your cycle becomes edit-compile-rerun-send50CommandsToPutAppInCorrectState-reproduce). I guarantee that a 400+ module Go program or 400+ Rust crates will build much slower (if no other reason, simply because Go or Rust compilers do a lot of work that is deferred to runtime in C#). > So if you use either modern incarnation of C++ or Rust, you will get same safety guarantees. Just with C++ you will not have to climb the mountain of learning just to do simple things. This is absolutely, completely wrong. If you want to write safe C++, you must follow a very strict discipline, essentially equivalent to appeasing the Rust borrow-checker. The main difference is that straying from this discipline in Rust leads to a compile-time error, while straying from this discipline in C++ leads to unsafe, but probably working, code, that you will only discover is unsafe after much work. And in both languages, you sometimes need to drop from the safe subset to do some things. In Rust, that is signaled explicitly with `unsafe`, in C++ it just means using more C-like constructs. It would also be very interesting to see what subset of modern C++ vs Rust could be used for safety-critical code. Given that several C++ idioms like RAII depend to some extent on exceptions, and those are not permitted in safety-critical code (per Bjarne's own standard), I would not be surprised that Rust will become very attractive in this sector once it matures. The models are incompatible with each other, which means that one or both are somehow wrong, or there is some boundary we can't fathom between the small scale and the large. If the model has no data on the neuro-chemistry of the fly brain, why would you think it is even remotely close to simulating the behavior of the fly? In principle I agree with you, but unfortunately we already know from other research that specific neuro-transmitters have specific effects on observable thought processes. Some neurons also sometimes 'broadcast' neuro transmitters by releasing them in an area around them, not just through direct synapses. To me it would be highly surprising if these effects were not absolutely necessary to the brain's working. Golang errors are fancy error codes. They have almost all the same problems, except that they at least don't rely on carefully curating error numbers. They still can't tell you the call stack, you still need to propagate them manually, they are still very easy to accidentally ignore (especially on functions which don't return anything else), they still add huge amounts of boilerplate, making it hard to read the code and distinguish from from . You may believe that of course, but the reality is that we have no proof either way. I personally believe the opposite, that Go-style explicit manual error handling obscures both the business logic and the error handling logic, and makes it much harder to read code. Unfortunately, we don't have any studies that could shine a light either way, and it is very likely that if we did, we would see something similar to the typical static-vs-dynamic typing study : no real effect on defect rate; no way to accurately measure productivity. > And the beauty of using statically typed languages with error code return values is that one can use automated tools to find all the places where error codes are being ignored. Even better, the beauty of garbage-collected languages with exceptions support is that errors can't be ignored at all! And if you don't have garbage collection and need to manually cleanup every resource, both approaches get a lot more difficult, and it's much harder to tell which ends up being superior. Which principle would that be? With Java, even if you do a bad job of error handling, you usually still get at least a stack trace that you can investigate based on. If you do a bad job with error codes, you can easily be left with no way of investigating a problem other than trying to reproduce it. Except for the transitive part, this is what Java does. But it's doesn't address the complaints of the article, which is bothered by the non - local control flow and the large cost of the exception machinery in C++, and by the poor interaction between manual memory management and exceptions. Note: I think the article is vastly exaggerated, and completely wrong, at least when looking at managed memory languages. Checked exception interact poorly with higher-order functions, but are otherwise pretty nice in my experience. If Java had a more powerful type system to allow it to abstract over exception type, it may have been a much more liked feature. Regarding handling, in my experience the vast majority of code has no way of handling an error (whether we're talking about exceptions or error-codes or Result ) except for logging and returning it up the call stack, or immediately aborting soemtimes. But there are places in the program where there rely is enough information to handle an error from a whole sub-module, usually by retyping with other params, by asking the user for advice, or by simply telling the user that something they did was wrong. Getting the right amount of error information to this place is the problem that exceptions solve the best in my opinion. Wherever there is a try/catch block in Java, you would have at least a few if err return/goto cleanup in C/Go/other error-code languages. This is especially true when you have a function which performs multiple operations that return the same kind of error (e.g. multiple HTTP calls, or multiple file-based operations). In general, in Java you need a single try/catch block for all of these (which may well be in another function), but you need an if err return for each one in C. Rust has a more interesting approach, where the sue of Macros gets rid of the verbose if-based pattern, but the code also avoids non-local return. I haven't written Rust yet, but it seems like a very interesting approach. This really reads like an article by someone who likes to think they know better than everyone else, while liking things that the industry has tried and moved away from. I would much prefer a similar sounding article from someone who champions some weird technology, like people APL people who advocate for extreme conciseness of code, or Forth people who advocate for extreme integration of solutions. I don't think they're right, but at least they would be novel and would advocate for something we haven't moved away from as an industry for a reason. The difference I've heard mentioned is that current Chinese civilization has much more in common with the ancient Chinese living in the same area than Italy has with the Roman empire, or even than Greece has with Ancient Greek civilizations. The examples I heard were that Ancient Chinese poetry is still understandable and taught to Chinese school-children, that Chinese cuisine in most areas has not changed dramatically, and that many Chinese religious traditions are practiced very similarly. Even the Mongol invasion of China has apparently had more of an effect of making the Mongols adopt Chinese customs than the other way around. Please note that I may well have fallen for state propaganda on any or all of the above. I am not claiming to know any of these from direct scholarship. It's usually a C++-ism, since in C++ generic iterators overwrite operator++, and when writing generic code, you must allow for this, since ++i is equivalent to i.operator++(), while i++ is equivalent to `auto x=i; i.operator++(); return x`. Given the author, I assume that this is also common in D. When I did maths in high-school and university, most indices were 0-based,not 1-based. 0-based indexing is so common in physics and engineering (e.g. the initial time of a system is T0, not T1). Note also that, in maths, both the cardinal and the ordinal numbers start at 0 - defined as the cardinality of the empty set and the set containing the empty set, respectively. This is a good example,and the error returned by the Java DNS library is obviously wrong. However, I don't think that simply returning the file IO exception would have been the right solution. The best solution would have been for the DNS resolution error to have carried the FileIO error as a Cause. That way, code that could recover from a DNS resolution error could handle the DNS resolution problem, and code that couldn't would still log the actual root cause. The Java networking libraries seem to be particularly poorly written for DNS error handling. I encountered an error where I was opening a socket to connect to a hostname, with an explicit timeout of a few seconds (it was an external service, but the application was supposed to work offline as well). To my surprise, the call would block for a few minutes on a customer system. It turned out that the call was first resolving the hostname, and that the timeout value I supplied was not applied to the DNS resolution, which was using a system-wide default timeout. One other point about your example: I think that one thing missing from all language runtimes that I have seen is a proper logging mechanism that is truly available language-wide. Of course there is always stdout/stderr, but these are usually far too limited and it is nkt considered good form to log to them from libraries. Even if you did, you would obviously not respect the application logging format in regards to stuff like time format, timezone etc. In contrast, a standardized configurable logging mechanism would help so much with 3rd party library debugging. I guess this also depends a lot on the type of product you build. For me, we are building a piece of software that we ship to customers, so the release cadence is limited by many factors outside engineering anyway. But I can see how on a live service-type product, microservices would help a lot more on this front. Well, apparently military spending has long been a method for directly financing companies and research that the federal government likes, such as the beginnings of computer technology. My point was different: it's that some of the so-called military spending is in reality simply a way for the federal government to fund research it wants done, without any relation to actual (direct) military applications. The sad reality is that it is easier for people to accept a massive military budget than to accept a large National Endowment for the Sciences, or to accept direct government grants for a strategy of technical development (that would be 'government interfering in the market'). Of course, this reality was created through a lot of fear-mongering propaganda, and through a lot of anti-"socialist" propaganda. You don't need crypto-currencies for something like this - just a payment broker, like PayPal. Hashing is not an option for locally saved passwords. Some kind of token-based Auth scheme could work, but not hashed passwords. That said, the much greater problem is the idea of using a hard-coded key, instead of generating a unique key for each device/installation. It doesn't have a standard ABI. Nevertheless, certain language changes can force a breaking change to any existing ABI (or even all of them, and the C++ committee does not work in a vacuum. They work with existing implementations and must agree with implementers before making changes to the standard. For example, there was a change to the definition of std::string in C++11 that forced a break in all commonly used ABIs (MSVC, Itanium at least). This was deemed necessary, but the cost of it to real-world programs has proven higher than anticipated, and may be a regretted decision (it apparently still causes problems and requires special flags even today). > it's because people that share classified info are all around bad Now this statement requires some serious proof. Most of the high profile whistle-blowers have been heroes standing up against the odds to at least let everyone of us know what the state is doing. Camping people like Chelsea Manning and Edward Snowden 'all around bad' is shameful. So the fact that some propaganda sites have written articles mentioning Manning or Snowden makes them all around bad people? Trump OR Obama site:tass.com OR site:rt.com OR site:sputnik.com 259000 results. I guess they are even worse people, by your twisted logic? Your point still makes no sense. The fact that people can be used for propaganda says nothing about them. I'd also mention that Russia Today has some serious journalism interspersed with more problematic content, but I'm sure you'd decide I'm a Russian spy or something if I say that. It doesn't. You could start and stop the GC occasionally, maybe? > I can't speak for how their Rust cache manages memory, but the thing to be careful of in non-GC runtimes (especially non-copying GC) is memory fragmentation. As far as I know, a mark-and-sweep collector like Go's doesn't have any advantage over malloc/free when it comes to memory fragmentation. Am I missing some way in which Go's GC helps with fragmentation? Sure, but the malloc implementation in Rust probably does something similar. What I wanted to understand is what is the difference in fragmentation between a non-copying, non-compacting GC and a non-GC runtime. In the current context, fragmentation refers more to the problem of consuming extra memory through fragmentation, which malloc implementations like the one Go (or Rust, or glibc) uses can often mitigate. The relevant but of of information was that Wexner is in close ties with a major political party, in this case, the Republicans, and that major political parties are known to protect their wealthiest friends. You got stuck on the mention of the Republicans, but GP was trying to say something about Wexner, not singling them out. If GP had said 'a political party' instead of 'the Republicans', it would have sounded more hand-wavy. If Israel had wanted security, they would have accepted the worldwide consensus on the two-state solution 30 years ago, and would have moved on to further diplomatic ties with their closest neighbors. Instead, Israel wants territory and power, so they build illegal colonies on stolen land, they brutalize Palestine and make a show of brutally repressing them,and they antagonize and threaten their neighbors in defiance of international law. There will be no peace in Israel as long as this doesn't change, but they may well flourish economically from this. On the other hand, to believe that the US is an unwilling, blackmailed participant in all of this is absurd. The US is not Israel's dim-witted reluctant ally, it is actively spurring on Israel in all of their actions, both in order to extend its influence and defeat its enemies in the area (Iran's independence and rejection of the Cia-installed Shah will not be forgiven or forgotten), and to keep a steady demand for US armaments going in the area. Perhaps I misspoke, I didn't mean to imply that the population of the USA has its interests aligned with Israel. I meant that the US ruling class is very much happy with Israel's actions, because the turmoil in the region often lines their own pockets, and at least attacks a lot of their own enemies. Libraries that are 20-30 years old and that people still use today are generally in continuous development over that time period, often with the same team (in a ship-of-Theseus sense). That means that they have been optimized for today's hardware for about 20 years worth of todays. Now there are cases where libraries have ossified and there is room for a new library to come and eat their cake (look at ripgrep for an example), but there are also a lot of cases where they are going to be very hard to beat (a lot of boost is in this area, I believe, and there are many other examples in specialized domains). That is exactly what people calling Google a monopoly see, and that is what they want to prevent. As a rule, Big corporations do not innovate - they form cartels and sit on their products extracting rent. We have already seen the severe drop in innovation in the mobile space, now that the market is settled. Sure, if the only viable business model for Android is to underhandedly sell people as eyeballs for advertising, perhaps Android should not exist. If Android weren't free, perhaps we would have more paid alternatives to Apple. The problem with free and open-source software seems to be that you can't have a vibrant market of alternatives, development tends to acrete around 1 or 2 successful projects, with perhaps some satellites sitting at much, much lower market share. This wouldn't necessarily be problematic, but it becomes so when those core few popular solutions are controlled and monetized by a single huge corporation. Of course. But killing the business model of pretending to give away stuff for free when you're actually making money by selling the 'customer's data does guarantee that this business model will not show up again. Not all contracts are legal. For example, you are not allowed to sell your kidney, even if you are fully aware of the implications. Obviously, selling your data is not as harmful to you as selling a kidney. But it is still harmful, and it is also extremely harmful to society when many people do so. In the case of Iran at least, the enmity began after Iran nationalized some BP oil in the gulf, prompting the UK to ask for CIA help in getting rid of the democratic Iranian government at the time, and reinstating the military dictatorship of the Shah. That plan succeeded for a while, but later backfired with the Iranian Revolution which led to the current Israel-hating, fundamentalist Islamic regime [1]. So in thisccase at least, the US - Iran enmity would still be there even if Israel was completely neutral. Of course, a lot of other sources of enmity have accumulated over the years, but this is most likely the 'original' reason. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1953_Iranian_coup_d%27%C3%A9ta... Yes, that's why capitalists drive on private roads only, and go to private courts when they get in trouble with private police forces. They also honk to honor their private armies and thank them for their service. The private fire service is of course a pillar of most capitalist communities as well. No, the internet originally was funded almost exclusively by public money (US military and CERN being some of the biggest contributors), and there is basically no such thing as "privately funded defense researchers" - almost by definition, defense research is funded by public money, or at least by private investors looking to get their money back by selling to the state. Universities also tend to do research funded by outside grants, which in the early days of computer technology were, again, almost exclusively public US military budgets. GPS is a public utility, as are GLONASS and Galileo, so I'm not even sure what "privately funded geolocation satellites" you are talking about. Regardless, your claim was a universal (the state is worse at providing ALL services) so showing some services which the state is much better at providing is enough to prove you were wrong. Google's business model is to sell consumers to advertisers as efficiently as possible. Android makes money for Google by achieving that (plus a little extra from the app store). If Google were somehow forced to stop collecting data from Android devices, they would have no reason to continue developing Android (and the same will be true of Fuchsia). Apple on the other hand makes its money from sales of its hardware and from their 30% cut of the much more profitable App Store. They are likely also collecting data and probably extracting value from that as well, and they are certainly allowing other companies (such as Google and Facebook) to release their data-collecting apps on their platform; but if data collection was entirely prohibited starting tomorrow, Apple would still be selling and developing iOS. F/OSS is not a good in itself. Technology is technology. A F/OSS data collection program is exactly as bad as a proprietary data collection program - the purpose is much, much more relevant than the development model, in the grand scheme. So sure, I have nothing against Android itself (I prefer it to iOS personally). But if attacking the data collection model had to cause the end of Android, I would accept that in a heartbeat, and I think most privacy advocates would as well. Oops, you may be right... I did read the article, I know it for a long time. But I do not believe it applies in this case. Google is not selling hardware, it is not selling software, it is not even selling services. Google sells advertising, and mobile phones serve a dual role: they are (1) a platform for advertising, and (2) a means to improve their advertising products by data collection. The biggest risk for Google is that someone else controls the mobile platform, and chooses not to give them space on this platform, or chooses not to allow them to collect the data that they need to improve their advertising. Both are the same reasons why Google chose to build Chrome. Browsers were already a commodity, Microsoft and Netscape had seen to that long before Chrome started. So Google's strategy with Chrome can't have been commoditizing their complements. Rather, their strategy is about control of their platform, and it proved very successful. And now they are applying the same strategy with Android and the Google Play services. And yes, my issue is not with the core open source Android code, my issue is with the final OS on my phone, which includes the Linux kernel, the Android OS, and a lot of Google tracking that I can't scrutinize or disable. However, if Google were to start losing control of Androideither through laws or through competition (say the Amazon Android phone had taken off and squeezed Google Play out of the market) I can guarantee you that Google investment in Android would slow to a crawl. Google doesn't need a commodity OS on mobile. Google needs to control as much as possible of the mobile phone platform. This is obviously false. Any technology that could allow humans to live anywhere but on earth (the moon, Mars, space stations, generation ship, you name it) would be infinitely more applicable on an environmentally devastated earth up to any degree of devastation. Living on Mars would be much harder than living on the earth after an all-out nuclear war with the worse effects of global warming present, in the aftermath of a small asteroid strike. In fact, diverting much needed resources from saving what can be saved of the climate for the pie-in-the-sky (literally) goal of having a minuscule handful of human beings possibly live a scant few years off the Earth in 20 years time is lunacy. But what do we get from having humans in space? There is no foreseeable path at the moment to a permanent settlement supporting even hundred people. Sure, we can invest in research in this direction, and in the effects of space on human bodies - we already have the ISS for that. But what could be gained from another human on the moon? What was gained from the first one? Chomsky is anti-centralization, he is an anarchist (anarcho-syndicalist). In general, his ideal end-goal world would include smaller states with more direct control by the populace, with worker-owned and worker-managed corporations, with free markets of goods and services between different corporations and different states, and of course freedom of movement. Strong environmental control would be almost implied if the people doing an economic activity were in charge of decisions and were also directly impacted by the effects of those decisions. Localizing and letting corporations be small would also put a natural cap on inequality, though democratically run states could impose additional safeguards where needed (minimum wages, estate taxes, non-discrimination clauses etc.) It's not just about monetary resources. There are also engineering, research, PR and other kinds of resources spent on this. Not to mention, there are people who seem to honestly believe that moving to Mars is a viable strategy for humanity in the same te scale as global warming (perhaps even Elon Musk among them? Hopefully not, but definitely GP among them). That is such a silly idea, but with such potential to be used in the concentrated campaign of convincing people to ignore global warming, that it must be spoken against any time it comes up. You're entirely right, except that dismantling capitalism can't start with dismantling copyright, it's not a big enough piece to fundamentally change our society in that way. There's also a good chance that your change would break some assumptions/guarantees of AES, perhaps fatally (e.g. the result could be that your result only depends on just a few bits of the key). True, if your threat model is exclusively future untargetted attacks ,your algorithm may be safer,but that is not a commonly accepted threat model I think, even for terrorists or banks. Also, the UK is one of the Five Eyes nations, explicitly sharing intelligence data with the US and vice-versa. I'm sure they're not 100%open, but if there is any nation on Earth that would not overly fear US spying and prefer it to Chinese spying, it would be the UK. I think we have very little experience with how democratically-controlled organizations would behave and interact in the long term. You may be right that centralization is inevitable for game-theoretic reasons. On the other hand, I'm not sure how well game theory can model the decisions of large groups of people who participate in multiple organizations at the same time. Definitely though, there are no examples from history of a society of democratic societies and how it might behave. Perhaps the closest examples are the ancient Greek cities and post-WW2 Europe (looking only at the state level, democratic corporations have not been tried to any large extent that I know of). In both those cases, there was no spontaneous centralization from within (i.e. one entity conquering the others), though for Europe it is still very early to tell, and there are future signs which may point to more centralization. And how much have Teslas driven in snowy fog in the mountains on autopilot? > No. Poverty is a lack of education and, more importantly, mentorship. This is beyond insulting, at least in the way it is worded. Your example of the single mom who squanders charity money on expensive toys sounds exactly like right-wing propaganda, even if I am absolutely certain it does happen. The reality is that the vast majority of poor people just don't have the money to squander. Sure, some of them may squander the money even if they had them, but the reality is that only a minuscule percentage do. Financial education would help these people, and can't hurt. But minimum income of some kind (I'm not necessarily convinced UBI is a good idea) will help all poor people. A much more common story of poverty is families who can't afford to get their children through school, who live paycheck to paycheck and get forced into predatory lending when they hit financial difficulties (e.g. plumbing problems). If we had UBI or something equivalent, financial literacy would probably help. But found it the other way around is simply insulting. Most poor people do not have any money to 'manage', they can only try to keep up with all expenses and hope no unexpected expenses happen. If unexpected expenses do happen, there is simply nothing good they can do about it - they must choose where to go into debt, and hope they will happen to find some way to repay that debt from an unexpected windfall. Sure, there is a minority of cases where people squander a windfall, like in GP's example. It is such a small minority that it's barely worth mentioning. I'd also note that people who have been toiling away for years on minimum wage may be forgiven and understood if they decide to use a small windfall on buying a small luxury like a pretty dress or trip to Disneyland for their children, instead of investing it in some stock or whatever would be the 'rational' thing to do. Humans beings are not robots, and we need more than food and a roof to live even a half-way acceptable life. Perhaps I read it badly, but to me GP's claims sounded like they believe people wouldn't be poor if only they were more educated, that with a little mentorship everyone could learn how to stop being poor. The example of the neighbor squandering her money and not educating her children seemed to reinforce this idea - she has the money not to be poor, she just doesn't know how to do it. This is probably true in her particular case, based on GP's recording, but it is insulting to generalize it to the vast majority of poor people who would know very well how to save 1500 dollars and not to spend it on same gaming system, if they only ever saw that amount of money all at one time. Possibly, but some expectation of reciprocity does not equal debt and an 'internal ledger'. That some aspects of some human interactions can be modelled by a transaction model doesn't mean that they are inherently transactional. We may well find that there are important differences and that the actual internal human model is different. Even your example only really works because you have constructed it in a specific way. Of course if your friend could do you a small favor that helps you greatly, and that you have performed for them in the past, you would expect that they owe it to you, as if you had a mental ledger. However, if the situation is slightly different, say, their father is ill and they are caring for them in hospital, would you still expect them to call their office to recommend you? If they were out of a job at the moment as well, but happened to have some extra money, would you expect them to provide you a loan so you could fund a start-up instead of getting a job? I don't believe human relationships and gift economies reduce to a kind of barter. There are barter-like aspects to it, but I think they stem from different internal impulses. I may well be wrong, but I don't think we can assume they are not simply because some mutual exchange is taking place. The GP's point was that, if the bar for the 5th amendment is that you may be required to provide testify against yourself as long as the government already knows the piece you are required to testify about, it's not clear how that wouldn't apply to you being required to admit your guilt when the government has sufficient evidence that you are guilty. I'd also note that giving the government your books is required by financial laws as a condition do being allowed to do business, it's not testimony or your general obligation of cooperating with an investigation. Why do you think so? I would expect the vast majority of the proof to be about the semantics of the OS, not about language-level details. Formally proving complex properties is just an inherently difficult and time-consuming task. That is the main reason it is not often undertaken, even in mathematics if I understand correctly. I'm not sure that there are languages more or less amenable to full formal verification. Formal verification of a system is such a complex task that the language-level details are unlikely to be a significant proportion of the effort. You can also look at existing formally verified software and probably confirm my assumption - there is likely as much formally verified C code (a weakly-typed, memory unsafe language) as formally-verified Haskell code. And I do not agree at all that a formally verified banking app is a good idea. It would likely be so difficult to do that by the time it is finished it no longer runs on any current version of any OS. Formal verification is just too hard to be worth it. There are better methods of ensuring software correctness that are far less costly. Maybe something will be discovered in the future that will make it easier, but for now formal verification of any piece of software more complex than a few hundred lines of code is a multi-year research-level project. The whole point of the parent comment was that there is no benefit for 'our species' if a handful of us get to visit Mars, or even if there were a small colony there. What would benefit our species is drastically reworking the economy to stop the massive waste and production of greenhouse gasses (which Musk may have slightly improved with Tesla, credit where credit is due). Also, putting more economic and political power in the hands of the many instead of concentrating it all in afew hundreds or thousands of people would go a much longer way towards improving our species than some 'colony' on Mars. The Kardashev scale is essentially sci-fi. In a couple hundred years when we have an actual chance of having a functioning colony on a planet and not some playground for a handful of people, there will be a measurable advantage to humanity for this. And democracy, even as limited as it is today, has been the only system which has brought any amount of peace around here. And I'm not attacking Musk specifically, he is just very visible, and happens to be the subject of this article. But I do not believe anyone is worth a billion dollars in their own merits, even if Musk is perhaps not the worst one. Again, I'm not particularly hostile to Musk, he was just the one who came up. Do you want me to list some others I dislike? The surviving Koch brother, Bill Gates, Rupert Murdoch, and many others are very bad as well. To me, a Mars mission is going to be as impactful to the vast majority of humankind as a fraction of how important the discovery of the Americas was the peasantry of Europe (since the Americas were at least immediately habitable). It would be little comfort to know that there is a little colony on Mars, completely dependent on Earth exports while the Earth itself is declining around us. If we don't solve the climate crisis on Earth, there will be no Mars colony, not in th curent world, I hope this much is clear. Actually, you have the same liberties with software as you do with recipes. The only problem is that it is vastly more complex, so you can't really use the liberties. You are not allowed to copy a recipe you found in a book. However, you can understand the concept and reproduce it in your own words. The same is true for software: you can't copy any source code that you see, but you are allowed to understand the source code and rewrite it in your own words. However, that is rarely doable, even for trained professionals. Also, just like in food, while there are people who want the recipe, a lot more people that just want to eat, and don't have any desire to see the recipe, even less to change it. The restaurant industry is a lot larger than the recipe book industry. So overall, the metaphor is perfect, but Stallman is drawing the wrong conclusions from it, and forgetting the huge complexity difference between the most complex food recipe and the simplest useful program. The law about copyright on recipes is more complex. Certain kinds of recipes (e.g. ones where the description of the steps is somewhat lyrical) are probably copyright-able, and so are collections of recipes, such as cookbooks. Photographs accompanying recipes are also copyrighted, so if you explain your recipe in pictures or video, that is also copyrighted. Even with recipes, if the description is h baroque enough, you will not be allowed to copy it. Interestingly, there is a (possibly still incomplete?) model of QM that explains this mystery and can even be replicated in human scale experiments: The de Broglie-Bohm pilot wave model. In this model, both the wave and the particle are simultaneously real. the particle is being moved around by the wave. When we get near the double slit, the wave naturally travels through both slits and forms an interference pattern.The particle randomly moves through one of the slits, and is them carried further by the interference pattern, the highest probability being that it will be carried to one of the local maxima. The nicest part is that this exact behavior can be seen by bouncing a droplet of oil or silicone on a vibrating bath of the same material: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsaUX48t0w8 . Of course, this being a consistent model for QM, it doesn't get away from the Bell inequalities, it doesn't have local realism. It does preserve realism, but it it is a nonlocal theory (some effects travel instantaneously). I think the point was that you can't protect yourself from your recipient disclosing the information, regardless of your chosen scheme,so it just doesn't matter. I think the implication is different - LARPers may or may not be using a useful technique, but they don't really care about the outcome. If they're sword-fighting, they may use actual sword-fighting skills, but they don't really care if they get it wrong and they get hit - it's just a wooden sword. Cargo-culting implies you recally do care about the outcome, but you don't know how to get it, and the technique you have is copied poorly from someone else. To extend things, it's true that if you are about to go in a duel to the death and you are preparing by studying how LARPers sword-fight, you may be Cargo-culting during the duel. How can the public take informed decisions if the reasoned debate is always assumed to be held in secret? OK, national security and foreign negotiation is a special topic where secrecy can be warranted. But if the government of a country or union of countries is considering, say, pay cuts, why on earth would the population not be entitled to hearing all sides of the argument? > The public can act completely irrationally against its own interests under FUD (I guess we have some recent examples from the UK and the US), and in a lot of cases, they are better off not knowing. FUD comes exactly out of not knowing. The more obscure the workings and negotiation of power are, the more mystique they hold and the more chances for spin they have. Democracy is not and must not be limited to choosing your representative once every four years - it should be a living system of dialogue, where you constantly offer feedback and hear back from your representative (not saying it has to be personal). This is the only way to build trust and have a responsive system. I disagree completely. If there were real transparency, the public can also, in time, grow together with their politicians, and understand why certain decisions must be taken, and can help the public take a more active and measured role in their own government. Controlling the actions of politicians who explicitly act against the public interest is at best a minor win. Open and honest dialog is the much more important aspect of this. And the best case of this is - a politician working for the public interest convinces people to be mindful of their long term goals even when it contradicts their short term goals. No. The point you are missing is that it is also not ok for the lender to lend everyone a billion dollars, wait for people to default, and then go ask the government to give them a billion dollars back because otherwise they will go bankrupt. If the supply of money has essentially been exhausted, then both borrowers and lenders have been doing something wrong, and it should be BOTH that suffer, so that both are incentivized not to resch this point again. What happened in Greece instead was that only the borrowers suffered, the lenders got all their money back. Per your argument, parliament discussions should also be secret, because otherwise it would be like asking for the private thoughts of the head of parliament. But being more serious, deliberation is normally done between friendly parties before a negotiation, and perhaps it is usually fair to keep it private, especially before the actual negotiation has taken place. But the actual negotiation is an excersie in arguments and offers and counter offers, it is no longer a private affair. If the negotiation is over, you can no longer trust the parties to accurately tell a story of the real arguments that took place, since the arguments they tell everyone may well have been a result of the negotiation. If that were the case, the politician would have to be able to explain that to the electorate and convince them of it. If they can't, then that decision should not be taken. That's what democracy should mean - we don't elect representatives so that they can take decisions we don't want but that they think are good for us. We elect representatives because direct democracy doesn't scale. Painful compromise should be taken only with the assent of those who will feel the pain. Otherwise, it is sadism or carelessness, not painful compromise. What your are describing is technocracy, not representative democracy. In representative democracy, the will of the people is still supposed to be the most important factor in the representative's decision making. Sure, the rep is expected to have better context on the implications of any decisions taken. But they should still use that context not to govern how they think is best by their own rationality, but to govern in the way they believe is most likely to achieve the will of the people. To give an extreme example, a personally peace-loving representative is supposed to declare war on another country if their constituency wants war to happen. However, if their constituency wants an end to hunger and some are noting that the neighbours have more food, the representative should do whatever they can to end hunger, avoiding war if they know that is unlikely to help. How can you possibly doubt that? What have you seen to convince yourself that catastrophic climate change is not real? Or perhaps you're taking the other rational position - that even if we did what they say, we'll still die... Oh, and the joke boils down to no such thing. It is very explicitly 'even if we were somehow wrong about climate change, there are so many other huge advantages to getting rid of fossil fuels'. Even more, what does Go have better in terms of dev tooling than Java or C#? Those are not dev tools, they are libraries. Also, even though there is no default built in unit test framework in Java and C#, it would be hard to claim JUnit and NUnit aren't essentially that. Ditto for log4j in Java. By the way, I'm not sure you can claim to have a logging framework in your language when it can't even differentiate between debug messages, info and error messages. I'm not sure there is any significant project that can rely on Go log that couldn't as easily use stderr/stdout. Ok. But you get to stop discussing some style choices, and instead you lose a decent debugger, a decent (open source) IDE, any graphical profiler, good package management that is separate from your source control tool, and probably a few others I'm missing. And if you care about style trivialities ,you'll still need an external linter, since go fmt doesn't enforce anything about variable names , line length, function length, comment placement, line breaking and many other things some people like to obsess over. I know about delve, but it's an extremely basic debugger. You can't even pause program execution on demand or execute an arbitrary function while stopped at a breakpoint. Beyond that, the complexity of a language has nothing to do with how much you need a debugger. If you are writing a complex program, you sometimes need a debugger to quickly figure out what is going wrong, instead of endless theory -> change/log -> rerun cycles. 2) is one of the major disadvantges of Go for my team. It requires our source control system to be Go-mod-compatible. It requires commits/tags in source control to publish internal builds. Its complete reliance on semver completely breaks when you want temporary branches for internal versions. It makes it very difficult to have multiple Go modules in the same repository. Overall, it's a horrible system. > The verbosity of if err != nil { return err } > is outweighed by the value of deliberately handling each failure condition at the point at which they occur. Key to this is the cultural value of handling each and every error explicitly. I've talked about this before, but it annoys me a lot that checking if an error exists and returning it is referred to as "handling the error". You are not handling anything - you're passing on responsibility up the stack just as clearly as if you had thrown an exception. You're just doing it manually instead of letting the runtime do that for you. You're also making it much harder to tell the code that handles errors apart from the code which doesn't. That's still not error handling. Error handling would look something like this: for err := callService(); err != nil { logger.Info("Retrying...") } Or value, err := readValueFromFile("abc.conf") if err != nil { value = getDefault() } etc. In my experience, the vast majority of error handling has been essentially limited to bubbling the error up, cleaning up unmanaged resources, and either re-trying the operation with some back-out logic or giving some details to the user about what happened and letting them decide what the best thing is. I have very rarely seen something useful to be done by code automatically to recover from an error, other then re-trying. As such, I feel that the way Go makes you constantly write error-handling code is counter-productive, since it forces you to think about something that really doesn't need that much thinking about. And as I said earlier, the deluge of non-handling error handling code can serve to mask the rare cases where errors are actually handled in some tricky intelligent way. That's not what I meant. Code that handles an error looks like this: if err! = nil { if fileErr,ok := err.(MissingFileError); ok { createFile(fileErr.FileName()) } else { return fmt.Errorf(...) } } While code that does NOT handle an error looks like this: if err!=nil { return fmt.Errorf(...) } I think the general agreement is that there exists essential complexity - the complexity of the problem domain you are trying to solve - and accidental complexity - extra complexity introduced into code code by the tooling or by shoddy design. Simple code often doesn't need a debugger to be understood. Complex code sometimes does. But code can be complex simply because the problem domain is complex. Also, a simple tool can very well introduce accidental complexity than a more flexible (and therefore complex) tool. Go is famous for doing so with many of its design choices. A very good example is if you want to perform a set union of two collections. In many languages, you could simply create a set from each collection and then run the union operation on them. In Go, the easiest way to achieve the same is to use maps and rely on the fact that the keys of a map happen to form a set, while ignoring the value part of the map entirely. This is not only inelegant, it is also unintuitive and it wastes memory, but is at least slightly less complex than writing a set data type for your struct by hand. > All these things are available for Java (MVN/Gradle, JUnit, IDEA, YourKit, etc) but having one right way to do them built in is pretty great. It's great if you're just starting out, but it's irrelevant in the long run. It can even be harmful when it's coupled with the language, as you get things like having the packaging tool become deprecated, like with go dep, since a 3rd party tool can't compete with a first party tool for adoption, especially in a relatively young language like Go. For pprof vs VisualVM - I haven't yet done a lot of CPU profiling with them, but for memory I have had the exact opposite experience. VisualVM and Eclipse MAT are much easier to understand and have much more functionality for analyzing the memory of a Java process than pprof offers. Not sure what (pseudo-)deterministic code formatting has to do with the ease of manipulating program code, but having a built-in AST package is indeed a good idea. Too bad it hasn't been used to write any useful refactoring tools for Go (outside of JetBrains Goland? Haven't tried that yet). I have heard that Google uses go fix recipes to make modifications across their code base, but haven't seen any examples, and I doubt it can realistically be done in a code base that is not ridiculously well tested, and that it didn't require any manual intervention in a few corner cases in Google as well (assuming they did more than a rename). To be fair, all languages that have not had modules built in suffer from this to some extent or another. The main good part about Java is that they have compatibility between code using modules and code that doesn't. Yes, they were wrong about that. But they were right about it losing error context. Basically errorf can only help you bubble up the lowest level error in a machine readable way. You have to write your own error type if you want to let code handle the higher level errors. I think you are missing an important aspect: VS can help you in mental tasks the same way a jackhammer can help more than a pickaxe in physical tasks. Sure, the pickaxe is simpler, but it will take you a lot longer to break that concrete with a pickaxe than with a jackhammer, because of simple human limitations. Similarly, refactoring and advanced code navigation support takes a while to learn how to use, but once you do, it empowers you through technology to quickly do things that your mind would take much longer to do by hand. For example, say you want to extract some code from the middle of a function into a separate function. With vim, you would generally have to manually move the code, write the new function header, then start to painstakingly inspect the code to identify the parameters to pass between the two. You will probably make mistakes and have to wait for the compiler to find them. All in all, assuming it's a bit of hairy code, it might easily take you more than an hour to get it working. In VS, you would type ctrl-r, ctrl-m (Refractor, extract Method) and it would automatically detect all of these for you, pop out a dialog box, you'd enter the new function name, Tab, param name, tab, param name etc, and enter when you're done. Maybe 5 minutes all in all, assuming you also do some ctrl-r, ctrl-p (refractor, parameter) afterwards to extract some larger expressions back into the original function. Similarly, you have things like 'analyze data flow to...' which can find all places in your program where a particular value can be written to, and do that recursively until you get to the original source. Same thing - this can be done by hand with a series of finds and so on, but an advanced tool will just help you do it faster. But, just like with advanced editing in vim, you need to take the time to learn the tool until you can get the most out of it. Same as the first time you enter vim you're likely to fumble to even be able to exit, you can't expect to be productive in VS if you don't take the time to learn what it can do for you. The article does a very good job of illustrating why you should never program this way, if you read between the lines. More precisely, here is the damming piece of evidence: > Finally we’re finished! A little experimentation will convince you that this zoop thing we just wrote is in fact just foldr! Pretty impressive for just blindly filling in holes, no? Yes, that's pretty impressive. Instead of just using foldr, you've reimplemented it, and don't even know that! We also have no idea whether this code we've stumbled into is equivalent to foldr in terms of performance. If I knew you write code like this, I would feel compelled during code review to squeeze my brain to try to see whether there is some library function that does what you just did. Also, it's absurd to claim that these implementations are the only possible ones and that they are correct, when all you have is the pretty weak type system of base Haskell (even though it is probably the strongest type system in regular use!). Sure, for a->a there is a single possible implementation, but as soon as you have a list, for example, among your parameters, there are now arbitrarily many possible implementations, which differ either in meaning or in performance characteristics. > then in real-life coding situations the type hints will be all the more relevant and reliable That was exactly my point about the foldr example: in real-world code, you may need a function that perfectly matches foldr's type signature. But following the author's methodology, you'll write out a new implementation of foldr, when what you should actually be doing is calling foldr in that type hole. This ties back in to my comment about code review. Think about how a patch from someone who applied the author's method would look like: it would contain a lot of in-place implementations that they sort of stumbled into, when in fact they should have reused well-known functions. Someone should then try to review that code to see if some implementation is not actually a well-known function. Even ghc suggested at some point that he should use maxBound or minBound instead of writing his own thing. Edit: I should also add that there is no reason to think that foldr is the right implementation of zoop without more context. For example, zoop could be a function just like foldr but that works on the reversed list of `as`. Or one that skips every second element of `as`. If we're just guessing based on type, and don't know what the code is supposed to do, it's easy to mess up. It doesn't. That bit of the article shows that maybe his implementation of hoistStateIntoStateT could be replaced with an already existing function, or a composition thereof. Also, his entire method breaks down the moment you add an [a] among your parameters (or even return values, possibly), and probably other types as well, and he doesn't even mention anything about that. > Advancements either good or bad were never made by playing it safe and following the rules What important advancement in science or technology do you know that was illegal at the time? I can't think of even one of the top of my head. There were lots of secret technologies, like Turing's research, but it would not have been illegal if it had been carried out in the open, it was just a state secret. No, I think that is the opposite of what makes sense. We should allow popular properties that have already provided good profits for their creators to lapse as soon as possible into the public domain, since they have the largest impact on culture, and the lowest impact on their creators' livelihoods. Mickey Mouse is much more relevant, would lead to much more creative work, and would hurt Disney much less if it were public than making some song by some band which at best has a small dedicated following public. While you are possibly correct that those may be somewhat realistic historic diets, why do you think they would be favorable to a longer, healthier life? Evolution doesn't generally optimize for longevity, it only optimizes for reproduction. The lifespan of most animals in the wild is much shorter than what can be achieved with a carefully controlled diet. Is there any proof that more primitive humans (ones who ate a more natural diet, I mean) lived longer or had other benefits (e.g. seem younger at older ages)? > The google.golang.org/protobuf module is APIv2. We have taken advantage of the need to change the import path to switch to one that is not tied to a specific hosting provider. This seems like a good example why tying the name of the package in the code with the place where it can be downloaded was a very bad idea. Simply changing hosting providers is now a backwards compatibility break for your clients. If Go imports didn't work this way, you could have simply offered the old v1 from both github.com and google.golang.org, and used a clear v2 for the v2. Sure , you would have similar problems if you wanted to change the logical package structure for some reason (say, when an open-source package moves to a different organization), but that is a much rarer case than switching code repos. However, given that that ship has probably long sailed, you probably picked the right choice. I would also note that v2 in the import path feels a bit strange, since it makes users of the newest code need to know about the history of the package, but there are also clear advantages which probably out-weigh this (I believe this is absolutely not the case for the decision to include the hosting provider in the import path). Because the Go package name is github.com/golang/protobuf. Serving it from a different address is already a breaking change. Go is actually a pretty complex language, more so than Java for example, in my opinion. It has all sorts of primitives that you need to get used to, special rules for how the built-in types work, there are all sorts of rules to see what creates a copy of a struct and what doesn't, pointers have at least three completely different use-cases (optionality, mutability, and avoiding copies), several rules for what can and can't be addressed etc. And this is all before looking at the standard library. Yes, absolutely, and failing to check the history of some changes can easily lead to re-opening closed bugs! For example, we once had a customer-reported issue in an older version of our product (customers were complaining that an automation script for our product started lasting minutes where it previously took a few seconds). After some investigation, it turned out someone had deleted some code which excepted the scenario in the customer script from a timeout. The commit removing the exception had a bug attached - the QA team had been complaining about the expected timeout not applying in some cases, and someone found the exception in the code and deleted it. They had no idea why the exception was there in the first place (according to the bug chat logs) and didn't bother to look back in history to see. Funnily enough, looking back even further in history, we found that the exception had been introduced a few years prior, after a customer had complained that... some automation scripts were taking too long... the same automation scripts that we received in the new complaint, give or take a few years worth of additions. Wouldn't a DB benefit enormously from faster memory access? Perhaps you're only getting 25% CPU usage because the CPU is stalled waiting for main memory to reply... As opposed to the current open-source movement, which mostly consists of microserfs beavering away for a salary to make FOSS work better for all of the above? Let's face it, when the biggest contributor to the Linux kernel is Microsoft, the open source movement has very little to do with RMS' ideals. To me this article looks a lot like the kind of principle that looks very nice in articles but immediately breaks down in practice with even slight complexity. First of all, the difference between operations and integrations makes no sense, even in his examples. All of his functions are calling other functions. All of his integrations are doing some logic (passing results between functions in particular ways). There is no fundamental difference between 'if a then b else c' and 'other_function(a, quote(b), quote(c))'. Second of all, this idea that you don't have dependencies between Presentation and Business only looks like that because he's passing very simplistic data between them. But in real code you have complex data structures and complex interactions and complex invariants and they almost unavoidably introduce dependencies between 'strata'. Even if you force yourself to use maps and strings and lists so you don't have explicit type dependencies, you still get implicit structure dependencies. I think the last point is the most important - if there really is a difference between those two pieces of code, then the article does make some sense. If there isn't, the the article's pout is weakened. The reason why I think they are equivalent is that other_function may well be really reusable and have many different use cases, of which only one is right in my current use case. For example, it could be the 'if' special form in Lisp. That means, I can know for sure that other_function is itself perfectly correct, but still be calling it badly, so I still need to test whether my function does the right thing for any possible value of a, b and c. You should look into Bell's theorem. It is mathematical proof that (discounting superdeterminism) there is no way to explain QM observations with local hidden variables. You could have hidden variables, but only if they produce effects at infinite speed. The big problem with infinite speeds is that, somewhat like superdeterminism, they mean that you can't do fully controlled experiments. If effects can propagate at infinite speeds, the whe universe has an impact on any experiment, including the state of your measuring apparatus and so on. That doesn't make them impossible, but it explains why they are disliked in theories. That's because it's not an interesting thought as related to the notion of free will. Everyone accepts that humans have subconscious biases that impact their decisions. The discussion of free will is higher level than that. The fact that you can't will yourself into not breathing is not a refutation of free will. The question is essentially, when all biases are accounted for, is there some aspect of free will that remains? You experience free will constantly, and you assume it in all interactions with other agents. Is that an illusion, are we just puppets in a play? Many philosophers believe that it isn't, even if determinism is real. I'm not sure if super-determinism is still compatible or not, but it may well be. Your explanation of why you don't believe in free will is very philosophically unrefined, and your smug tone (implying people who do believe in free will must not understand determinism) is not helpful. The reality is that a great many philosophers believe that determinism and free will are perfectly compatible. There is also supernatural defense of free-will, as in many religions (where the physical universe may well be deterministic, except for interaction with a spiritual world of will, which may produce physical effects without a physical cause). Both of these ideas are example of people who believe in free will even if they do understand (physical) determimism. There are probably other groups as well. Just because this relies on global hidden variables doesn't make it the same as any other global hidden variable theory. The problem is you can't really build theories from global hidden variables. If the details of any experiment depend significantly\* on the state of the entire universe, until we can account for the entire universe in our measurements, we might as well stop measuring. \* even with Newtonian physics, the universal attraction of any object does have non-0 values everywhere, but we know that the influence is negligible. However, with global hidden variables, the speed a billiard ball will take when I hit it may depend on the size of a planet in a different galactic cluster. Special relativity is essentially an explanation of why the speed of light is a constant regardless of how you measure it. That is, if you're in a train moving at half the speed of light relative to the ground, and someone fires a laser in the same direction as the train from the last station you passed through, that laser beam will move towards you at at the speed of light. If you fire a laser back, it will reach the station at the same time as the laser from the station reaches you (as seen by an observer in the station). This makes no sense unless the speed of light is a fundamental physical constant, so that motion in general depends on the speed of light, which is what special relativity postulates. Now there are ways to have a special kind of non-locality that do not violate special relativity - you can have phenomena that happen at infinite speed, but only if they do not carry mass or energy or any information at all. The common interpretation of wave-function collapse is an example of such a phenomenon. I'd also note that the famous E=mc^2 is also a limit on speed, since kinetic energy (mv^2/2) is part of the total energy of an object.