Which tasks are hard to accomplish? You realize you can tell it to use your system default to read a given format right its under behavior in preferences Whine much please provide an example of a) an application like calibre with a better ui and similar features or b) how the ui should work. You may be incompetent You couldn't be more wrong. Maybe if you have 4 plugins this is a workable strategy. What if you have 20 or 50. How on earth do you update any of them cleanly? Perhaps the reason pulse and gnome were disliked has something to do with distros that don't support the old versions after a new one comes out and foisted unfinished buggy releases on their users before either was ready for prime time? Why didn't you just pirate the songs you had already paid for? Or perhaps your reading comprehension sucks If you use firefox on the desktop and on android you can easily sync your passwords for anything browser related without any third party extensions and without trusting unencrypted data to a 3rd party. Rasberi Pi 2 $35 crummy usb drive $6 Keyboard from thrift store $2 Mouse from thrift store $3 Monitor from thrift store $10 A functional computer for $56. Not the best but probably a lot faster than the one you paid $2500 for. When I tried it Netrunner was an abortion. Its first stable release crashed more, both individual components and the whole damn thing, than Windows ME. Even the name is stupid and sounds like a 10 year old thought of it. While awesome in theory, it seems pretty easy in generic pentadactyl to focus a text field, hit ctrl+i, and have an instance of vim where after you :wq the contents of the buffer will be the contents of the text field. Also compared to a real vim window this lags terribly. Its also worth mentioning that its totally broken if you use vim-startify https://github.com/mhinz/vim-startify . Except every linux distro on earth...ever. Its sufficient just to NOT overwrite the mbr with your own bootloader if you see one is already there. Pretending this is hard is pretty disingenuous. How long have you worked there? Didn't you download gigabytes worth of os in order to run this in the first place? Come back when you can write excel as an excel macro. The argument that spreadsheets are easy for non programmers to use is not an argument for replacing programmers current tools with structured tools. Nor an argument against. The sandbox is a false or perhaps in your case imaginary sense of security. Malicious packages are still possible Its still unsafe to run software from anyone you don't trust Worrying about getting root is beside the point when almost everything valuable on your system is whats available to your user A app store situation where alternate repos or ppa need not exist because everyone can just add packages to some huge store is a horrible horrible idea. Unless you know they have the internet. That book is available from several sources. Safer. Its a matter of degree. Why does there need to be a way to takedown hate speech? Moderation provides a way for communities to decide what they will and wont accept and you can choose what communities you would like to be a part of. If a person spews hateful garbage all over the forum report or comments look to the people that run the community to take out the trash. If they wont find a different community. There is no reason you ought to be able to shut down speech because YOU find it offensive. It sounds great when its happening to a lunatic spewing hate but its a perfect tool to squelch free thought and discussion and it can and will be used for less benign uses if you put that tool in the hands of government. The poem made more sense than Janina Point by point - A private passport service that nobody accepts is no more valuable that the group of people that trust the people doing the verification which as of now is zero. In fact since nations are the arbiters of identity within their border there is not much chance of this changing inside this decade. - She admits she doesn't understand the technology at all just thinks it fits in with her super unrealistic libertarian ideas - All governments are bad because they are all in debt! Governments and people budget differently you can't reason about a government as if it were a massive version of your family. This is economics 101. - The blockchain will help us replace the nation state! The blockchain could provide the basis of a currency, distributed dns, identity etc I'm not seeing how distributed identification has anything to do with replacing centralized government or that that's even a good thing paying for just want you personally use and want is in fact an incredibly stupid idea. The kinds of things you actually WANT government to take over are exactly the kind of things that the free market is bad at and precisely because it is bad at it. How much national defense do you want this year citizen! - Getting fake married on the internet is so much safer! Of course because its not real. Real marriage implies legal and moral obligations. Those obligations are complex because peoples lives are complicated and include lots of complicating entanglements like money, shared obligations, houses, kids. In fact if you acquire all those complicating factors you wont find your fake marriage much easier to extricate yourself from. The more I read the more embarrassed I am for her. I'm pretty sure you could do that with nix and skip the docker part She had a affair with a married senior partner who was also a lecherous jerk at her prior job, betraying both her spouse and her fellow cheaters spouse. Then when he, the lecher, was under fire for his treatment of another female subordinate she defended him. Men make up 75% of the IT workforce and 82% of computer science graduates. If women aren't even studying the field it makes it a tad harder to hire them don't you think? People should aspire to hire the best people in their field not the "right" gender, color, sexual orientation etc. Anything else is bigotry under the flag of diversity. Also if you can do a little basic math you should be able to see that the average company will be no more diverse than the labor pool. For every company that is 50/50 other companies will have even less than the average. You mean the demographics of the videos match the actual demographics of tech companies shocking I don't believe Bram said it would replace vim I think he took something out of context. I think people aren't complaining about the quality of the app. Rather we dislike the fact that when clicking a link to a forum we are forced to decline to install their app before we can view what we are looking for. Personally I close the page. I really hope the creators of tapatalk go out of business. You realize the norm is that the taxi company owns the car right. Drivers rent it In a text editor something like easymotion for vim or I think ace jump for emacs makes this very easy to do with the keyboard. Ex I press 1 key then the desired character I would like to jump to say y all ys on screen are replaced with 1-2 yellow characters typing those jumps to that location. There are actually several plugins for this and several different ways to set this up. Some variations include typing 2 target characters leading to fewer possible matches. On net though you can jump anywhere on the screen in 3-4 keystrokes. Another example hyperlinks plugins like pentadactyl and vimperator have a function wherein you hit f to highlight all the links which are marked with letters so basically you can click any link with 2-3 key presses. Obviously this doesn't work with anything involving hovering clever expanding menus but for a large portion of cases I find using pentadactyl keys better than a mouse. This is one of the most ridiculous ideas I have seen recently and Trump has been in the news since then. Can you imagine not being able to work on a given feature on a given day or having otherwise sane builds of software that behave differently based on the clock? You realize that although LEO is cheaper to resupply it is actually more inhospitable right? There is by definition no resources available save sunlight. We have burned more money for less reason also make your head explode? I can imagine a variety of extinction events that could touch one world and not the other. I'm sure you can too. You are correct that code doesn't "expand on memory" but there is no fixed relationship between code size and memory usage. You could certainly write a tiny program that uses a ton of memory pretty easily. We are talking about a hypothetical scenario in which we have colonized mars. A meteor could take out earth but not mars for example "we have seen competitors actively exploiting our good faith by using our open source code to compete with us directly in commercial products. On the flip side, we have received almost no meaningful contributions to our open source code." The first indicates that they unwisely picked a license that allowed their competitors to do that and hoped they would share out of the kindness of their heart, the second indicates that they failed to find people interested in working for free on their commercial product. Maybe if they had been less generous with their competitors they would have paid them money which could have made it possible to keep it free. So no the "freetards" didn't kill it and by using such terms instead of logical arguments you reveal the quality of your intellect. They cannot take away licenses already granted nor stop existing holders from redistribution however I would think that the other poster would agree that such contributions are effectively wasted if the company discontinued the oss version. Article has a plethora of problems. "Each generation of technology goes through an S-curve of development - slow improvement of an impractical product, then explosively fast improvement once fundamental barriers are solved, and then slowing iteration and refinement as you solve every last issue and the curve flattens out. PCs are on that flattening part of the curve," There is no reason to believe that the non mobile form factor will go away in the coming years nor that we have perfected the "PC" a concept the article can't even seem to nail down. "just as the move from command lines to GUIs was" The gui became the de facto way for non technical users to interact with computers the command line didn't go away in fact the number one way a lot of users interact with their computer or mobile looks a little like a command line we just call it google or siri. "Second, iOS, ChromeOS and (debatably) Android have a fundamentally better security model" Than what windows? "No-one is going to found a new company to make Win32 applications" I'm sure we could find a recent one "And fourth, the broader scale advantage - the ARM/iOS/Android ecosystem is moving towards selling 10x more devices each year than the Wintel ecosystem." People pretty much implicitly need their own phone, they wear out/get broken quickly, and they are advancing so quickly that it makes sense to upgrade frequently. PCs are often shared, or at least less than 1 per person, are often seen as good enough for years, don't break down quite as quickly, and are often upgraded on a more leisurely schedule. This quantity of mediocre phones dumped onto the market doesn't allow you to infer their relevance and doesn't necessarily allow you to predict future differences in market share. https://xkcd.com/605/ In short reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated --PC You still have not provided your line of reasoning WHY it is nonsense. If you have thought this through and have useful insights please share. He is working backward from his own personal preference and working awfully hard to justify that as if he came to that conclusion for logical reasons. People often think they are acting logically when frequently they are working backwards to write narratives that justify the way they choose to act. It's really not drm but it sure is ugly Manning does it to. Fortunately it's super easy to unpack a pdf with pdftk or the like then you can delete the text of the watermark with sed or perl if you like then compress again. I have a script that removes a list of watermarks automatically prior to importing to calibre. Come to think of it I should propose this as a feature for calibre. The reverse seems to be true now with the closed gear commanding outsized prices I see no particular reason why this should be reversed. Factually I think we should forbid selling devices we are forbidden to touch and avoid the whole issue. Actually it most likely will lag years or more likely decades behind the capability of the cars because the people that stand to profit from such rules limiting the usefulness of self driving cars. So the human lives saved would be the valid rationalization. "What makes Waterfox so fast? It's built with Intel's C++ compiler. One of the most powerful compilers out there. This enables us to make the fastest possible web browser for all the code changes we make. This potent combination makes for an unparalleled browsing experience." So basically a build of firefox with a different compiler with binaries available for only mac and windows. For extra fun its based on an older version of firefox and there is no reason to believe it has devs backporting fixes from higher versions nor that there is anybody with the chops to build anything useful on top of it meaning it - Is virtually guaranteed to have security vulnerabilities and bugs that have already been fixed elsewhere - It will either end up with the same flaws you don't like about firefox or alternatively it will be forever stuck at an old version while the bad guys find more and more exploits. You shouldn't be subject to US law as a non us citizen regardless or would you like US citizens hauled off to saudi arabia to answer decency charges? I feel like your suggestion is extremely naive and wasteful of both hard drive space, transfer, and ram. Please explain how you can put an entire system together that way in a non stupid way. Its entirely possible for an individual app to have its deps included without forcing every app to work the same and I'm far from convinced that is a real benefit. It would be far better to work towards standardization to make producing a package for multiple distros easier. Actually Jobs prognosis had he not gone with alternative medicine was pretty good. From a forbes article on the subject "Jobs’ cancer had been discovered by chance during a CT scan in 2003 to look for kidney stones, during which doctors saw a “shadow” on his pancreas. Isaacson told CBS’ 60 Minutes last night that while the news was not good, the upside was that the form of pancreatic cancer from which Jobs suffered (a neuroendocrine islet tumor) was one of the 5% or so that are slow growing and most likely to be cured." http://www.forbes.com/sites/alicegwalton/2011/10/24/steve-jo... You don't think there exists a middle ground between a minority of the rich running our country into the ground and running the country like American idol? Most people will never be aware of every minor or even most major issues. I think the majority of people who were aware of it were against it. It forces people to - Write simple sentence bereft of complexity and nuance. - Split the same thought over multiple tweets hurting continuity - Use url shorteners making it harder to discern the source before you click - Write their long post on their blog and tweet the link to it. This post describing the limitations and disadvantages of the twitter character limit couldn't have been tweeted! Nobody would pay for this. They would just continue writing blog posts and linking them on twitter This is a non argument. Dismissing an argument out of hand as invalid because you say so adds nothing to the discussion. Feel free to expand that to an actual argument Which doesn't make it wrong. How many others do you imagine would pay twitter by the character rather than use mediums not so constrained and how much. The most expensive medium per character is text messaging https://www.twilio.com/sms/pricing and each carrier effectively holds a monopoly on reaching that customer via that means especially since plenty of phones still can't receive any other form of electronic message. Twitter has more than ample competition this kind of blackmail would destroy twitter. ok got it Lots of assumptions there. X isn't dead and wont be for years I would tend to wonder if there was a connection between how many Mac users who don't buy or need malwarebytes or for that matter any 3rd party security software and them wanting to scare people into buying their product. They don't want to hand out either health care or education. Disneyland with the death penalty => http://www.wired.com/1993/04/gibson-2/ Extending the popcorn button thought, the popcorn function doesn't suck because the engineer is an idiot it sucks because its legitimately unreasonably hard to make a popcorn function that actually works and if it were feasible at all would add ridiculously to the cost and complexity of the microwave. Since its unreasonable to make a reasonably optimal popcorn button it would actually be simpler and better to give the user more controls so they can make popcorn manually by setting the power level and time and starting and stopping it manually. Bash unequivocally sucks this is not to say it doesn't have its uses. Are you sure its not just other peoples experience that doesn't match yours rather than FUD? You understate the difficulties actual people have. My parents were VERY confused and frustrated with windows 8 until I "fixed" it to work exactly like 7 which they could not figure out how to do on their own. Most users don't even change defaults or even know how to find and install alternatives this is why software intended to be used by noobs really requires good defaults. I do not accept your premise and I have zero intention of investing money and the time required to read a book to find out what your argument is. Perhaps you could expand on it here? Nobody is saying root shouldn't be able to access such functionality but rather it just shouldn't be mounted rw by default. This is actually fairly uncomplicated. Fixing every vendors implementation is an impossible task. Ensuring that the default configuration can't brick your motherboard is an easy one. So do the easy thing to ensure user safety WHILE working to solve the hard one to the extent feasible. Robust systems must work in the real world not just in an ideal one. The mobile experience is in a lot of ways absolute garbage designed by incompetents. That the dominate platforms have any customers at all just illustrates how mediocre the entire software industry is. If software were medicine we would still be leeching people and learning about the miasma theory of germs. I don't believe you ought to be able to give up either. I think the point is they are ignorant but opinionated not that they understand the fine points exactly. Another reason to never buy Lenovo. Meanwhile Dell recycles bad parts and Apple glues batteries in is there an oem worth buying? Exposure IS worth something and a business that pays a team of analysts and other professionals ought to be in a position to access this and decide accordingly. In this case in the long run something is better than nothing which is what wired will end up with. As a publication they have little to offer to justify their high subscription cost and the portion of people interested in tech who don't use an ad blocker will eventually be the empty set. Alternatively they could offer tasteful text and image ads served from their own domain and many people would be willing to allow them. If only Microsoft had run with the idea of package management and trusted repos that has existed in open source for decades without restrictions that inspire people NOT to use it. Example to release a debian repo to share your software with your users you have the option to handle hosting/payment if any yourself and keep 100% of the revenue not 70%. Their position in the market is such that had they started pushing this around the time apt-get started to be a thing they would have had near 100% adoption and users would be used to installing everything that way and would be naturally suspicious of manual installation. Bad actors could end up on a blacklist that users would opt to enable. You would even have multiple black list sources from people like antivirus vendors etc. What about letting people decide whose votes they want to count for them. You can be as meta as you want to be with this. I don't want to count the votes of anyone my friend considers an idiot. I don't want to count the vote of anyone whose tagged as a #foo by anyone tagged as a #bar by such and such a group. Alternatively you want their vote to count double. Instead of a single score you have as many scores as you have users and its impossible to interfere much in others affairs. I think that this could be a very important improvement. When included in a larger work it would seem that you can argue you are charging for everything else and providing Firefox for free kind of like Microsoft and IE. Going with the safe analogy given reasonable suspicion and a court order its clearly within the governments powers to say drill the safe, it MIGHT be in the governments power to force the individual to open it depending on how they see it. It is hard to see how a 3rd party not involved in the crime ought to be compelled to work on the governments behalf just because they happen to have made the original safe and possess the know how to break into it. Can you explain how that duty comes to be? Foo is less bad because bar and baz are so much worse is a terrible line of reasoning Scrub? Do you imagine that one iota of crime would be prevented by making drug lords pack an extra suitcase full of money? If not they why bother. So logically if they phase out the largest note the drug dealers income stream doesn't get any smaller its just moved around in a lot more smaller increment and now you can logically say that some huge percentage of the new largest note is now used by criminals. At what point do you stop to realize that you aren't doing anything useful to combat crime? You can start by defining what the intention and purpose of the GPL is and move on to explaining how Canonical's uncooperative and unclear stance towards the community whose contributions enable it to exist serves to further those purposes. Instead of trying to put out the "twitter trashfire" How about avoiding using such a crummy social network? Patents are mostly bad and the bar for invalidating even horribly ridiculously bad ones is so high that if a patent was struck down in court it was probably on the wrong side of ridiculous and thus its demise is indeed a good thing. Physician heal thyself. It would be optimal if this could be made more clearly gpl compatible as the current owner has a compelling interest in Linux as they now offer their own distro. That said nobody is whining just wishing. It is comparable in that they are both filesystems... Supposedly the situation has been improving but at least as of months ago compared to zfs performance was horrible, features were lacking, and likelihood of data loss was a lot higher. I really think that although this might be a boon to packagers it results in an inferior system wherein people end up with bloated,buggy packages. I don't want to deal with 2 different package managers and new users are apt to be confused by the idea that they get packages from 2 different places. Windows XP users ought to be shown a fullscreen banner ad warning them to upgrade. I really hate that people have this idea. It's why people create apps which consist of a built in web server their own copy of chrome that connects to said server. In the end something that ought to have taken 10mb of space and 20mb of ram requires 100mb of space and half a gig of ram and still manages to be slow on a new system at operations that ought to have been fast on a ten year old machine. Down with the Javascript generation. Installers regularly install packages to system dir because it would be idiotic on a multi user system for each user to install different versions of Firefox to their home dir. It also serves to keep unprivileged users from installing software. You are free to install software to your home but it shouldn't be the default behavior You actually cannot make malicious applications safe you can however make nonmalicious applications inconvenient. You can make it slightly harder to infect the rest of the system leaving the factual truth that the moment you install malware you are hosed unchanged Which is not a good reason to design anything based on that assumption it's extremely easy for a single user to use a multi user system but not the reverse. Employers are people to we expect them to behave both ethically and humanely. Society doesn't owe you much but we can afford to give a little extra consideration to those who might be in need of it. You company wont go bankrupt or fall apart because of it. Taking the 3 days off to care for the bf regardless of whether his injury was his fault or half a day to care for a sick kid are not unreasonable requests. The concept of the community is an abstraction and in this case a bad one. There is no community. There are a million different individuals and within that thousands of communities each composed of some subset of those individuals. There is no reason each subset or each individual even shouldn't have their own opinion and based their actions upon it. Which means you will have one choice which has a 50 50 chance of being crap. We really need a single way for all compositors to delegate this functionality to a trusted application. I cannot comprehend a situation wherein open source is negative. Clearly it might not be the most lucrative path but we are all net consumers of technology. What's the better alternative to billionaires getting their software for free? It's unlikely that companies will contribute manpower to software if they then have to pay for it too. If you have a better strategy I'd like to hear it. Everyone should have the option and this ought to be protected by law to some extent. Allowing the manufacturer to determine where you can service your car has been tried before and it ended badly. Seems unlikely that either will ever come to windows guess you should check out ReFS or install Linux https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ReFS#/search So we need to implement user restrictions licensing codes software audits etc and ensure that there are no benefits to companies embracing free software ensuring their contributions dry up. Not precisely a winning strategy A seat on the bus wasn't on its face a huge thing either its the symbolic meaning attached before and during that made the act relevant. You realize that this is exactly how it works with locked crypto systems normally right? If the system is designed better there isn't even an apple to cry to to demand it be unlocked because they don't possess the key nor the means to get at it. This is not nearly so huge an impediment as you might imagine. A computer that you couldn't unlock for love nor money when its off and cold could be attacked and accessed beforehand and most people leave a multitude of electronic evidence behind outside of their own machine. " If Atom continually makes the HN front page then many people must be using it just fine and like it?" This is terrible reasoning. Also if you need a new computer to edit text then something is terribly wrong even more so the more applications adopt such a casual attitude towards sane levels of optimization. What happens when you want to run 10 applications without having to start and stop them and all require for no particular reason 1GB of ram. Should we just all go buy 32GB of ram and screw anyone with an older machine? "The right to privacy does not prohibit any publication of matter which is of public or general interest. " This is not only nearly impossible to define in the general case more importantly what is of legitimate interest to me is potentially different from what is of legitimate interest to you and only by allowing the general publication of facts is it possible for the information relevant to you and i to each flow freely. " The design of the law must be to protect those persons with whose affairs the community has no legitimate concern, from being dragged into an undesirable and undesired publicity and to protect all persons, whatsoever; their position or station, from having matters which they may properly prefer to keep private, made public against their will." If I intend to hire you to watch my kids, work in my store, allow you to hang out with my daughter etc etc I have an interest in information about you being available. " The right of one who has remained a private individual, to prevent his public portraiture, presents the simplest case for such extension; the right to protect one's self from pen portraiture, from a discussion by the press of one's private affairs" This is great if the press is a handful of newspapers instead of the reality in which it is all of us communicating to each other. I could go on and on and on but the problem remains that the "right to privacy" so defined is fundamentally impossible to distinguish from a club to stop people spreading the truth. It would be more useful to continue punishing liars and try to better protect people from being fired/discriminated against for their private lives and speech rather than providing the rich a better way to silence inconvenient truths. How about proximity to a key fob which also contains a button to lock it down? Funny that you picked that example windows is actually not a valid trademark at all. This has been tested in court. Those products would not conflict there isn't a giant category called computers and further you can't just take a generic word out of the English language and take possession. Apple is a generic word for example but not in computer technology. This matter has even already been litigated. Microsoft Windows is a valid trademark, Windows is not defensible. Please see lindows aka linspire. AMD has had 64 bit processors for 13 years. When the opteron released it was faster than intel too. Why are they managing tech then? I don't think anyone on earth installs a package with npm without specifically knowing what they are installing. This is in contrast to users going to foo.com expecting to find foo corps website. Going to foo.com is a very serviceable strategy for getting foo corps website and if it's not you have invested 2 seconds and risked nothing. Contrast that with npm unless you specifically know the package by name getting foo corps software by npm install foo is a total crap shoot that is only somewhat likely to succeed will cost you as much as a minute or more of your time and is installing software considered by most technical people to be risky. Nobody is likely to confuse foo package with foo Corp unless the description of the package is unclear thus name and description should be considered together to decide if confusion exists. On firefox also on linux reader mode is nice. Further nicer with Pentadactyl and toggling reader mode bound to rr. Further its possible to style the reader mode with stylish. Example: https://userstyles.org/styles/114669/firefox-reader-custom-w... you can of course further customize it to allow you to say pick a more desirable font. Page in reader mode: http://i.imgur.com/uWrgtMm.png Now owned by Chinese ad company delete delete delete Funny none of my stuff on Linux does. How about someone with a shred of dignity and decency Wouldn't it be a bit unrealistic to try to enforce this? Trademarks exist to prevent confusion in trade not in people who read headlines and not articles. It's more likely that most had heard of neither and now way more clear on who both parties are. You kind of are a slave aren't you? After all you can only auto update microsoft and store apps. Other apps will either handle updates themselves probably with an annoying UAC prompt and possibly at inconvenient times when you actually want to use the apps. Some have processes that constantly sit in the background sucking up your resources to pop up annoying prompts to update application foo during which you must watch for them changing your browser preferences and installing adware. Others you will simply have to go to their website and download an exe or msi. Meanwhile you are missing the fact that people don't want to avoid automatic updates to fix security holes. They want to avoid updating to the next undesirable update foisted on the users before its ready and much to peoples annoyance. Example the windows 8 UI change. Unbelievably staying on an older still supported platform until you are ready to update is a feature you have to pay money for! Lest you misunderstand I'm not talking about clinging to windows xp till they claw it from your cold dead hands 3 years after end of life I'm talking about the future equivalent of staying with windows 7 and upgrading to windows 10 because 8 sucks. I think the lack of linux gui software was a comment on why a linux user wouldn't find this a compelling reason to switch not a comparison of the software available on each platform. Personally I think someone interested in graphics/cad/audio production might find something compelling even if alternatives exist on linux for the above. I don't see much in the way of gui softare that anyone would care for as a developer. You can bring up visual studio if you like but I don't find it compelling. You are disrespectful and your rudeness adds nothing to the discussion. His made a valid point. This entire site is just by its nature very pro business even in the case of really bad businesses. Wouldn't it be extremely easy for this to happen in the users browser wherein you have no right nor power and just fetch annotations based on the current url? If it doesn't already work that way it would be trivial to do so. Nice about telling you how you could use the car you purchased from them in what universe is this reasonable. There is zero reason to believe that prices will go up as much as wages. At the bottom end we see companies offering wages that aren't survivable without welfare and food stamps effectively forcing the tax payers to subsidize their low wages. Effectively setting a sane floor prevents this abuse. It's possible that a national minimum wage increase could be achieved revamping the entire nature of labor and unions not as likely. We can talk about implementing the later and doing away with the national minimum wage thereafter. The labor market exists to turn work into food and shelter not provide money for bored children. Factually the overwhelming majority of low wage work is done by people who do in fact need to support themselves and their families. Even so it's entirely possible for special exemptions to be made for kids and the other cases are hardly worth mentioning. To be pedantic there is no reason to believe increasing the minimum wage to 15 usd will increase prices proportionally to the increase in wages. Ex. Someone who would be making 9 would see 66% increase in wages but because wage earners as a whole would only be earning a little more so the increase in prices would be proportional to the overall increase not the much larger individual increase. Suppose that wages earned only increased 6%. The individual would easily see a great increase to his standard of living despite a small bump in price. Also note there is no reason to believe that costs of businesses that rely on minimum wage work would go through the roof. Imagine 30% of their costs are labor and 2/3 is minimum wage work. 20% of their cost then double it perhaps and their costs increase 20%. Note we are talking about an atypical service oriented business dominated by minimum wage labor. This means that your taco costs a few more dimes but the dude making it doesn't need food stamps and welfare on your dime. Nobody is disputing the idea that prices will rise as wages hopefully you aren't so greedy that you would rather they not make a living wage So don't allow contractual exceptions. Incidently almost all union workers make more than minimum wage. The amount I'm willing to work for is effected by the availability of subsidized housing, food stamps, and Medicaid for all. Free minimalistic cellphones. I probably benefit 15k annually. Making the crappy 14k I'm making survivable. My wife can't work due to medical issues. Basically we don't have a rational market now and can't so the only rational way to keep companies from riding on everyone's tax dollars is to set an artificial floor. What positive effect would be accomplished by abolishing the minimum wage. People don't actually have to be rational let alone moral actors. Do you really believe the middle class should be taxed to provide benefits for people that are working so that their employers don't have to pay more in wages? That is literally what is happening now and there is no reason to suppose that in the absence of benefits that wages would be adjusted upward to compensate with any degree of expediency. The people of our nations are precisely stupid enough to let the economy crash and burn as has been previously shown. The content you have merely contains a link to the provided resource. The user can fetch your page without violating the law, the user can also legally fetch the image from the owner. So neither you nor your user have committed a crime. You could try to argue that the user requires a license to combine the 2 in ways not considered by you however this has several problems. - Its laughably unenforceable - In the us it would probably be fair use - It would make literally the entire internet illegal - It would make adblocking on your end illegal - It would make you a world wide source of negativity and scorn. Basically there is a technical solution to most hotlinking issues and every imaginable legal solution would be a cure worse than the disease. Or a sign that European nations need to stop propping up an obsolete business model with internet breaking laws. http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/ge... http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/ge... spread is an average of clinton +10% vs sanders at +16% It is far easier to glance at your watch than it is to pull your device out and turn the screen on turn it off and put it away. Neither is hard but I can check the time in 1/2 a second while doing other things rather than 4-5 seconds and interrupt what I'm doing. So you are developing a package in language and you package it with insert language specific package manager you are now done. If you package it for insert system package manager to achieve a similar level of coverage you must not only figure out how to create packages for 17 different systems you have to either figure out the standards and procedures required to get your package included on each platform or figure out how to host your own repo and instruct users on how to set it up this may include variations in setup and instructions that differ between multiple versions of the os that may be in use concurrently. This could be 1000 x as much work for not much gain. Why do such salaries need justification other than people are willing to pay them Generally someone is more invested in a particular OS than a particular CPU. I am far more likely to buy a different piece of hardware in order to have proper Linux support than to switch to an entirely different os. Whether its the hardware maker or Linux that is at fault is immaterial. Generally someone is more invested in a particular OS than a particular CPU. I am far more likely to buy a different piece of hardware in order to have proper Linux support than to switch to an entirely different os. Whether its the hardware maker or Linux that is at fault is immaterial. The country that can't produce baby formula or pet food without plastic and or poison in it you mean. Quick before anyone else thinks of this! Realistically information technology has the potential to be a force multiplier and good developers seem to be in sufficiently short supply that there is room for the Romanians and the Americans. Whomever is responsible for the boxes that follow your mouse ought to have their commit privileges revoked. Between 1984 and bad people doing bad things I choose the later with no regrets. I don't want to be rude but it's not luck its competency. You would derive a lot of benefit from learning how to manage your system properly. Trying to argue that clicking a link creates a contract that obligated me to cede control of my machine to you is laughable and harmful. More importantly you aren't entitled to run software I don't approve of by virtue of putting up an openly accessible site. Don't like it charge money. Can't make money that way go sell shoes. If it were entirely easy it would have already been automated and you wouldn't have a job. -Why would you deal with 4 different distros wouldn't it be a lot easier to learn the quirks of one or two? -Expecting every single package on something like the aur which allows anyone to contribute to all be of optimum quality seems a bit optimistic. Why would you use arch and the aur if you want low maintenance? -If you have constant issues you are either in the wrong profession, picked the wrong employer, or the wrong software. Skype has been trash for years. He incorrectly accounted for another users greater success by calling the user lucky. In fact what the other user has is greater competency he could improve himself by learning from it instead of dismissing it as luck. He called me a jackass I merely stated that he should improve his understanding. It's hard to tell someone kindly that they are incorrect. It seems super likely that you don't want to click on each track as the prior one finishes so a queue is needed. It would seem then that playing directly from the library would be functionally identifical to adding everything you click on to a transitory playlist. In fact you can more or less use it like this with a single playlist that you either clear or just keep adding to. Seems like that would work better if there was an option to start with a blank playlist or trim the playlist automatically so that only the last x tracks were shown. What is the difference if any between playing as you say directly from the library and a single transitory playlist. So how would you put the same thoughts more politely or is the mere expression of the idea implicitly too rude to be communicated here. So if you gain lots of money via semi nefarious means what fraction do you have to dedicate to good works before the earlier wrong is cancelled? I know that he didn't gas 6 million people but letting people buy their way out of moral debt with a fraction of the money they gained still seems horribly repugnant. While value judgment of any sort requires perspective I don't think it's wrong to prefer our own. Rejecting all value judgements of any sort would simply leave us without anything to converse about. I think the kind of things people can do have more value than the sort of things a dog can do and further that it's only the dogs limitations that prevent us from appreciating it. Our abilities are nearly a superset of theirs. Finally survival beyond the scope of your biosphere ultimately requires intelligence of the human sort and that is certainly worth something. Its pretty clear that OS X has existed for what 15 years most of that time without retina screens it didn't retroactively become better because screen resolutions improved to make what was presumably an inferior algorithm in the prior context work better in the modern context. Multiple issues here first and foremost the modern environment wherein people can fairly said to have earned what they get from society has never existed in history. The closest thing would be say primitive hunter gatherer societies. Ever since we started having specialists that paid for their decreased production by providing greater fitness for society as a whole benefit from society has only been tangentially related to utility provided. The creation of such a society wherein value is so related would be such a profound improvement over every society in existence wherein value seems to derive from leverage not value that it not ethical implications would surely be the primary topic of discussion. In a bizarrely unfair real society arguing that you have the right to maximally leverage whatever value you your dad and your grandpa managed to drag away and coral seems greedy and disingenuous. Devoting a minority of societies resources to ensure everyone has something so that they can find their own way to contribute seems to be the only sane solution to an otherwise broken system. Secondly you mention drug companies and specifically their intellectual property in the same breath as speaking of protecting a man's ability to freely go about providing value to society but ip is a wholly artificial construct and designed to shape how value is distributed disproportionately not to empower creation of value but to empower others to extract rent from society something that seems antithetical to your own desires. You are concerned with the government taxing and spending on handouts but not about enabling monopolies that have no basis in reality or the notion of property rights. If I have a right to my chemistry set surely if I make the right molecule my property doesn't become yours. Basically Objectivism is a great way for those who have historically controlled the Lions share of a societies resources while providing minimal value to society in return to justify their greed. Interesting I would never have considered print publishing. That said. Was this configurable and what percentage of users were concerned with producing print copy? In what eras? I would but that these individuals were always a minority and the arrangement appears to be inferior for the majority of users for the majority of the time it was a factor. The entire os can in fact take advantage of a 50 core cpu and most of the things that would benefit the most can. Conway's law Organizations which design systems ... are constrained to produce designs which are copies of the communication structures of these organizations It could be that they both benefit from building complex systems and believe honestly that such systems are the optimal solution from their own perspective. This requires no bad faith or conspiracy theories. Its simultaneously possible that such a complex solution is sub optimal for other parties. They are under no obligation to build a solution that is best for other parties and others are under no obligation to adopt or like such solutions. Its entirely possible for two parties to disagree without either being evil. The 19th century was a terribly limiting time for people that weren't well off, white, males. The part about inherited wealth not lasting is entirely fictional. "I'd argue, if folks are upset by the current tax laws that allow (and some may even argue, encourage) this behavior, then we ought to change the laws, not get upset at those capable or smart enough to use them to their advantage." Can't we do both. Personally I like to multitask. "It's not patriotic to pay more in taxes than one is legally obligated to pay." No but its stingy and crass for those who doing well to skip out on paying their share because they can. Can we admit their is a qualitative difference between filling out a form to take a credit and hiring a team of lawyers to hide your money in a foreign shell company? "sometimes even fudging the numbers here" So you regularly commit felonies in order to avoid paying your share? Yes. There is no reason we can't work to make government less wasteful and keep people from cheating the system. While a lot of tax money is wasted a lot of it does a lot of good. They are skipping out on paying their fair share of those too. Nobody cares how much more it costs you to do the right thing after the fact. Example paying a parking meter. The penalty was bizarrely sized considering the damages suffered. Companies regularly suffer less hurt from killing people. The problem is that proving that copyright as it stands is the cause of the prosperity of the current market is problematic. You don't and can't have an equivalent control. I really wish people would stop pushing manjaro quite so hard for newbies to linux I honestly don't think its an optimal choice. That's not what that word means. Why would never touching console be a goal I use the console for basic tasks and find it effective and useful. Some concepts have upsides and downsides such that notice may be required in order that the individual can make an informed decision and if they choose poorly it's on them. Some ideas like this one are so bad that they shouldn't exist at all on the premise that the idea of spell checking requiring sending all your documents over http is so bad that anyone that runs it must perforce either not know or not understand because understanding would lead any reasonable party not to install it. Therefore the addon exists only as a trap for the unwary or the stupid and makes the plugin ecosystem worse for existing and thus ought to be deleted. "Why do we hire hourly wage labor as if though its was permanent?" At the current cost of hourly labor if you made it even more like temporary labor than it already is the quality of worker you could obtain at that price would be terrible. Anyone else find the idea of a central party with absolute control over what addon you are allowed to run more of a concern than the bigots having their own extension? It seems likely that the bigots will just find other ways to share names of people to harass. He acts as his own lawyer in the 123 meritless lawsuits he has filed since 2008. He probably couldn't afford to pay lawyers for this even if anyone would take the case. It looks like mad libs to me with all these little boxes in place of some of the letters. This appear to be little input boxes. You can grab and resize the box but it snaps back, you can also type in the box but it is quickly erased. Super ridiculous. Are you using chrome? It looks pretty dumb in firefox. It looks like this. http://imgur.com/IT7x83h Web devs as a group seem to be ridiculous. Note this doesn't mean everyone just a greater incidence of such. What is slippery slope fallacy Alex. The fact that governments can do terrible things doesn't logically follow that giving the FCC limited authority to keep ISP and telecoms from totally screwing us will lead to the holocaust. I believe you have just Godwinned your thread. There is active push back from a whole host of multinational megacorps for any relatively toothless threat represented by todays FCC what should concern you is that those same forces are actively largely ok with the real existential threats to freedom on the internet today. There is every reason to suspect that this will be so regardless of whether the FCC limits comcasts ability to milk us for all we are worth. The issues are nearly entirely orthogonal. Network neutrality was pretty irrelevant to them installing boxes to spy on all our communications. It was irrelevant to using that data to decide whom is a communi... err terrorist. It will be irrelevant to when they decide to use that same data to limit your freedom. Slippery slope is valid when party A is trying to move parties B into a position far down on the slope gradually by easing parties B down the slope. Many situations exist wherein a series of steps could superficially be arranged in a progression or slope between points a and b but in fact individual steps have different costs and benefits and are in fact independently good or bad. Often those arguing for/against a subset of the points in the graph have good arguments for/against then some jerk goes and implies that if you allow point 1-3 on the graph somehow by magic you will eventually arrive at point 37. They ignore the fact that its possible and in fact reasonable to support point 1-3 and skip right to the extreme and absurd. They neatly bypass any and all relevant arguments in favor of 1-3. This is destructive to conversation because you can use it in nearly any situation. It is especially frequently used in anything involving government because somehow all roads that don't lead to anarchy somehow lead to hitler. Its frequently useful to just point out the obvious fallacy and move on rather than giving a longer treatment because such tracks are frequently useless and drag the entire discussion inevitably towards stupidity. ZFS requires a lot of ram to enable on line deduplication. From Freebsd Mastery: ZFS Pg 135 "For a rough-and-dirty approximation, you can assume that 1 TB of deduplicated data uses about 5 GB of RAM. You can more closely approximate memory needs for your particular data by looking at your data pool and doing some math. We recommend always doing the math and computing how much RAM your data needs, then using the most pessimistic result. If the math gives you a number above 5 GB, use your math. If not, assume 5 GB per terabyte." Otherwise I think this is like the myth that ZFS requires expensive ECC ram whereas ECC ram is recommended for any filesystem and zfs needs it no more nor less. They want the safe harbor provision repealed so that they can make Google et al bear the brunt of the effort of figuring out who owns what. Long term basically they want to shut down businesses like YouTube Even mobile cpus will be all 64 bit before long and it seemed to run great with 4gb others reported success on systems with 2gb. Meanwhile ram available in all sorts of devices is ever increasing. What fs a laptop/workstation uses shouldn't be determined by whats suitable for a watch in 2016. Flying didn't violate the basis premises of physics. Also it exacerbates the issue wherein space doesn't appear to be full of aliens. Even a few races in the galaxy expanding with slower than light travel could fill the galaxy in tens of thousands of years. Now imagine how fast the universe fills up with ftl travel How hard is it not to try to embrace extend extinguish the VR headset market. How can you possibly conflate those who aren't pleased with scummy companies manipulative nonsense with "can't please no matter what you do". Its actually relatively easy to please most people. Make something worthwhile, take their money, fix it when it breaks. It usually becomes complicated because people want to give people as little as possible, rake them over the coals as hard as possible and blame someone else when it breaks. You realize that the fact that most people are silent doesn't imply they are entirely indifferent. Especially the developers. In the prior thread you accused people of being emotional. I don't have personal relationships with people I do business with. I don't do business with people who treat me badly even once unless I have limited options. So how long have you worked for facebook? Would you take more pleasure in reading faster? Apply that to any other enjoyable activity. Have sex faster! Funny as this is names are unique identifiers. There are certainly individual names that probably correspond to hundreds of individuals. If the effect of getting arrested can in and of itself be life destroying then perhaps its far more rational to keep the evidence for further testing and act if and only a real lab finds the evidence compelling. If the offender is from out of town and skips that is unfortunate but not as unfortunate as wrecking peoples lives. You are over complicating. We can and should have different rules for speeding tickets and murder trials. In the case of the latter and other serious offenses it's simple restrict sentences to what was offered in a plea bargain excepting situations in which an offer was contingent upon giving evidence against another. Its still perfectly possible to deal with traffic and other tickets mostly without court at all and plea bargains designed to make cases in which guilt is unambiguous go quicker by agreement between defense and prosecution about a fair penalty can still be negotiated. If there is any doubt of guilt or a fair sentence let it be adjudicated and let us bear the cost as the cost of a fair system. Perhaps deal with a few less offenses and spend less money paying officers to troll for victims.... err I meant criminals. This is why I canceled my subscription. Decidedly half assed support. I'm aware of pipelight, recent versions of chrome etc. This is a terrible metaphor and the entire thought behind it. If you provide some sort of consideration in exchange for something even if that consideration is your eyeballs which the provider can rent out you are a customer. We await your efforts. Please detail the advantages your system will have over existing cron implementations and put up a kickstarter. If web developers ran wars the world would be a safer place. There’s one final catch worth knowing about. I said at the start I wanted everything I listed to be open source. Graal & Truffle are huge and very expensive endeavours written by skilled people who don’t come cheap. As a result, only some parts of what I’ve described are fully open source. These bits are open and can be found on github or other repositories: Graal & Truffle themselves. The pluggable version of HotSpot they rely on. RubyTruffle Sulong (LLVM bitcode support) The R, Python 3 and Lua implementations (some of these are hobby/research projects). And these things are not open source: TruffleC/ManagedC TruffleJS/NodeJS API support SubstrateVM AOT support TruffleJS can be downloaded for free as part of the GraalVM preview releases. I don’t know how to play with TruffleC or ManagedC, although as Sulong implements some of their functionality, it may not matter much. Funtoo has a zfs install guide worked for me. http://www.funtoo.org/ZFS_Install_Guide Its news because both the issue reported and the inability to address this constructively doesn't speak well of them and unlike most landlords they are soliciting outside investment from the kind of people who read hacker news. Not even monthly they were given 30 minutes to vacate. I work in retail. Failing to start processing upon insertion is a bug, the screen telling you to insert is a warning that you did the wrong thing not an expected part of the process. I have seen a weird issue wherein some cards, always the same cards don't start processing until you try and fail to swipe. I have no idea what the difference is as it doesn't seem to be a single issuing bank. Signatures are absolutely worthless as far as preventing fraud. In the first place the proposed thief has access to the signature in question, signatures on electronic pads are horrid, and cashiers aren't trained handwriting experts. Basically anyone could make a signature enough like the signature visible on the back of the card on the electronic card to be no worse than the average signature as far as the average person verifying it is concerned. This is why zero fucks are given regarding how authentic your signature looks even if they look at your card. The 2 things that do prevent fraud are verifying id and cards that have pictures of the user on them. The same machine worked properly with 99% of cards I think its fixed and its no longer required. Free speech encompasses any government action that limits your freedom of expression whether initiated by the government or carried out by the government on behalf of another party. In effect the government cannot act to limit your freedom of speech without a very narrowly defined compelling reason I'm not sure why you believe otherwise. Further frivolous lawsuits as a threat to free speech are so commonly understood we have an acronym for it SLAPP: A strategic lawsuit against public participation (SLAPP) is a lawsuit that is intended to censor, intimidate, and silence critics by burdening them with the cost of a legal defense until they abandon their criticism or opposition.[1] Such lawsuits have been made illegal in many jurisdictions on the grounds that they impede freedom of speech. Private businesses cannot with impunity use the courts to suppress free speech. This is why the majority of states have laws that attempt to combat such lawsuits. Essentially the majority of states do have a law preventing them from doing so. So explain that if it happens again you intend to switch banks. Then the blog post is a waste of everyone's time and ought to be deleted from hacker news. Either it provides enough information to replicate the benchmarks or its spam. If it provided more freely available information other parties could test immediately and post and this would provide additional feedback to help parties decide if it is actually worthwhile. Numerical analysis is different that a description. People expect you to back up numbers Prove that someone knows the proper key to decrypt a given device. In some cases prove an encypted container actually exists. Suppose I set it up so that both data contained on the system and data I know is required to decrypt the data. Suppose that I set it up that the part of the data required is set up to be destroyed if I merely don't log in every day. If you arrest me and by the time anyone thinks to speak to me all possibility of ever recovering the data is gone. Have I destroyed evidence or not? While I can see your point in only capturing the positive reviews I wonder about something. Obviously consistently horrible shops just wouldn't show up but much of whats bad is much less consistently bad and this isn't just true of restaurants. Bad reviews don't just help me find the contractors that would light my house on fire, rob me and piss on the ashes they help me find the ones who only deliver without difficulties 90% of the time so I can avoid being part of the 10%. Also people would still be able to write negative things while giving what amounts to a 4 or 5 star review on your site. People after all love to complain. Being able to filter or sort for the bad reviews helps me obtain that information whereas it would be harder to do. In effect all the same negativity would likely be there just without the extra metadata. Perhaps we shouldn't be giving our review data to companies like yelp that lock it up then. The user certainly doesn't gain anything from their contributions being sequestered. The trolley problem conflates too independent issues in a very artificial set of circumstances. Whether we are willing or required to make a utilitarian moral judgment and whether we have the right to do so. In a real life trolley problem on the battlefield or in the hospital the commanding officer or doctor has been invested by society with his/her position and is expected to do hypothetically the best thing for his patients/soldiers. He has both the power and the right. I'm aware the military situation is a LOT murkier but lets not over complicate. It seems to me that many are conflicted over their right to take power over other peoples lives and the expected benefit. Note how most feel that you are required to switch the trolley when nobody would be harmed on the other track. Most feel it unacceptable to take responsibility for choosing which party to die in a one to one switch but find sacrificing one for 5 at least acceptable as the benefit mounts it becomes harder to be squeamish about taking power over others. Maybe if they analyses more realistic scenarios it might be somewhat clearer. I really love your idea Are you claiming police and prison guard lobbying isn't a real thing? With physical items it most certainly is not on principal a digital item ought to be the same however I don't know how you enable that without drm. Maybe the inherently absurd situation is best resolved by giving up the absurd notion of artificial scarcity. Probably nobody would be on board with paying 25-90 to rent a singular work for 5-20 years. If I recall correctly although gnome uses a binary config file format not terribly unlike the windows registry there is a way to export and then import it. Even so I don't think this is 100% proof against things changing then again the same CAN be true of text configuration files. Isn't it strange in 2016 that its considered ok to break at all? In theory this is so but in reality you will be fired if you require the employer to do this. In some parts of the US following labor laws is less prevalent than others. In many places the employer will simply ignore the law knowing they will face no consequences. Please see the south. No job wherein the customer directly employs you should give customers direct control of employees wages. Can you imagine the custom applied across the board. I'm sorry doctor that appendectomy scar is a bit to big for my liking I'm only tipping you $180. If you live in a place where you know your servers are paid less than they spend on gas and don't tip on the premise that they should have made better life choices congratulations you are a terrible person. You could just factor that into the cost and decide if in total the experience is worth it or you could cook your own food. Its nice that you think its that easy. People who have never been poor for very long seem to bizarrely overestimate the welfare state. Most people that fall into financial hardship can either pay the same bills you do or end up homeless. Some portion of the long term disadvantaged can eventually find their way into programs to help them out after years of waiting. Peoples situation changes in ways that can be hard to predict. People die. People get sick. People get divorced. Peoples family members become ill. People run into expensive legal issues. People have unplanned pregnancies and aren't willing to abort. Most of the US isn't in financial position to weather more than temporary hardship without shit falling apart. Other countries deal with this by providing a safety net paid for by the increased earnings of all those who don't crash and burn and thus contribute in the end far more to society. People who hold views like yours instead waste their breath telling others that they shouldn't pursue the single strongest biological imperative. In sane societies people that make an effort to contribute to society ARE stable enough to have kids. Your view is warped by our warped society. I liked the first response better. I had to resist the urge to break into uncontrollable laughter when you compared living in your car to saving a baby from a burning building. Since this is a throwaway I strongly suspect you are your own cheerleader. Let me see if I can take you down a peg. A man who chooses to live in his own car instead of taking a servile job is presumably still in need of food to sustain him. You are basically glorifying living off other people instead of working for a living. Did you make the throwaway account just to congratulate yourself for sustaining yourself with food bought by welfare/others instead of working for a living? It was no better for laptops. Laptops + Desktops = 99% of windows users it was a total screw up. How do you arrive at this number? ok Ordinary people that work for a living ought to be able to have kids. As stated in nations with more sane safety nets not being upper middle class isn't synonymous with being financially and socially unstable. When better than half your population has a small but non trivial chance of ending up in the gutter something is wrong. The people that are hard up are people who differ from those who are getting by only small sets of circumstances. Its extremely easy for it to cause thousands to millions in damages. If I burned thousands -> millions in property even if nobody was hurt it would still be a serious crime. Its also a potentially lucrative area which ought to be counterbalanced with high consequences. Stealing is of course wrong but if a commercial insurer paid them for the loss why would they be due perpetual interest on the insured loss? In 1995 0.20 theatre tickets were sold per person in the world. In 2016 slightly less than 0.13 tickets were sold per person. This highlights 3 things. - In the grand scheme of things most people in the world don't go to movie theaters and never have. - Less do than ever before both in absolute terms and proportionally. It seems unlikely that steadily raising the cost of tickets and food is going to be a sustainable way to avoid falling revenue in the future. The smart money ought to be giving people the movie experience they want at home and giving people a higher quality experience out with a higher price tag. The former will obliterate a lot of theaters and the latter is a smaller scale demand than the existing industry. This is obviously much better than proprietary as people can potentially benefit in the future from your work and I thank you for being so kind as to share it and yet I would probably use something significantly crappier to have real open source and several other things seem problematic. -- Others are unlikely to contribute to the proprietary fork. -- What do you do about contributions to the gpl3 version they would be copyright their creators and couldn't be part of a closed source version even the authors without copyright assignment. -- Do you backport fixes to the gpl version. It would be far simpler to say use the new version wherein issue foo is fixed. If you do its a lot more work if you don't the gpl version isn't just a older version its a known broken pos that will never be fixed. -- What if people offer fixes to the gpl version will they be expected to assign copyright so you can use them in the proprietary version? -- 3 years is an eternity. In 1 year someone could make their own version of whatever it is you are doing that is actually open source if it was really worth having it would also have none of the above complications. The gpl is pretty much designed to maximize the freedom of the user by creating an environment where its impossible for to fork the work and keep it to yourself. Its even hard for the creator as he could end up competing with his work so far + the community. This might mean it is not in useful to you but it doesn't make it bad. In other news your motor home is probably not the best option to commute to work and living in your car isn't the best experience. Any license that would allow you to take your fellow contributes work and add it to your own without requiring them to explicitly assign copyright to you would also allow a third party to make their own closed source fork of your work add improvements and sell it. It seems to me that a lot of strategies to fund the development of open source software are over complicated reactions to our failure to voluntarily fund the infrastructure that technology relies on. I also have to wonder if instead of coming up with more and different ways to do so we ought to just start taking out our collective wallets and paying for things that are useful without expecting a t-shirt. Becomes less entertaining when you realize the people there actually believe it or even disbelieve it based on different theories about how time travel "actually" works. How about fugitive http://vimcasts.org/episodes/fugitive-vim---a-complement-to-... jetbrains vim plugin doesn't even let you define your own vim like keybindings. It is the worst vim plugin I've seen. Interesting seems to have improved. Not only do we not know if the person was fired for discriminatory reasons the poster likely cannot even know for sure why this person was fired. All we see is poster acting very unprofessionally. Perhaps these accusations will be proven true on a later occasion. More likely even if true nothing will be proved either way and both poster, the person that was fired and the employer all end up looking poorly. Perhaps this could have been thought out better. I have a former friend who developed a drug habit and exploded nearly violently at his neighbors with no provocation in the lobby of his apartment building making a huge scene which resulted in the gentlemen in blue having a talk with him. He turned his reaction to too much meth into a wholly fictitious trans hate scenario in which he was victimized. None of this actually happened. People lie and the presumption of innocence isn't just the law its a reasonable reaction to the imperfect, screwy world around you. Expecting people to back up accusations with proof isn't hate. The point is that while lots of people face very real discrimination a minority creates drama. A presumption of innocence decreases the value in telling damaging lies which in turn disincentives lying. It would be valuable in the face of most people being guilty. Maybe you should defend the actual study since its presented here. I remain entirely unconvinced that anything short of virtualization protects you from malicious clients and that the primary effective security measure we can take is installing from trusted sources. It seem that the same people that believe we need to secure our display server against malicious clients almost inevitably want some sort google play store like experience where people release software for linux in some sort of universal way wherein distros would have no input rather than repo concept that is traditional now. I feel like they haven't thought this through and will leave us on net substantially less secure. What you mean is that because each compositor would have to add each feature that wayland breaks on each environment some will be implemented badly, others not at all. Why would it be extensible. Instead pick the desktop environment which gets this feature more or less right and hope that some other feature you want isn't only available on a different de. How so? > you know that as long as you do not touch politics (for which most countries exercise similar policies) you can do whatever you want. This sound like you are an apologist for the book burners, metaphorically > The brutality and amount of hard work you need to put in to survive in Chinese market is beyond imagination. For example, most companies have policy like 996, working 6 days, 9am to 9pm. Spending more time producing junk doesn't make it not junk. In fact working 72 hours continuously sounds like a great way to burn out and produce poor results. Presumption of innocence implies that the default attitude towards accusers is healthy skepticism plus a willingness to listen. This is necessary because if we are not skeptical nearly anyone can successfully attack anyone else with impunity and destroy their reputation and if we aren't willing to listen we risk ignoring victimization. In this case the proposed victim is silent on the matter and there is not only no proof there aren't even any details. My default assumption of skepticism leads me to conclude in the total absence of any other information that the individual was fired for some other reason and the accusations of bias was erroneous. If you use a filesystem that checksums you will know if the drive is likely bad and wont lose data unless local and backup go bad within the window required to get a replacement for whichever died. See zfs. If your proposed backup solution is only used for periodic backups and isn't in constant heavy use 2 $50 1tb drives in raid1 would be quite secure against data loss and last years and for a bonus would be unlikely to be compromised by hackers or mined by the nsa for signs you are a terrorist. If you project replacing the drives every 5 years your annual cost could be $20 and your up front cost no higher than dropbox. Its even entirely likely that you could get by with a single drive for a annual cost of $10. Citation needed. You don't need for the drive to never ever go bad you just need for primary and backup not to fail in the time window required to replace the drive. Most of planet earth relies primarily on magnetic storage including people outside the data center. Ive frequently as a complete peon been privileged to know non public info about the inner workings and policies that was not only non public but that I was forbidden to share with the world as a matter of course. Far from being unusual this is the norm. We aren't talking about deep dark secrets we are talking about normal privileged company information. The strange thing in fact is not the employee knowing things not shared with the world its the employee actually disclosing it. Random joe user should probably not be messing around with his bios or should at least be smart enough to know what he changed or at worst reset his bios to default. If not use the tech support you pay for. Firstly, companies spend a pretty penny to associate their brand with vague positive platitudes. In the first place being associated with something negative even if their populace doesn't understand the technicalities can be worth more than 1% of your business. Second tech savvy users influence others. Thirdly supposing you publish sufficient tech specs as to enable the kernel to support your hardware I'm guessing linux users actually require less not more tech support. Windows users repeatedly trash their own machines with malware and pick up the phone to call their oem. Linux users google the error message and open a bug on the project that actually doesn't work's site. I'm not even sure where your hostile attitude comes from. Lenovo just dropped the ball. Magic windows bios raid modes have existed for the 13 years I've been using linux and I have never seen one that didn't include a switch in the bios to disable it. What you are incorrectly framing as lenovo righteously dumping entitled linux fanboys is in fact just Lenovo not knowing how to design a computer which given repeated mistakes in recent years is hardly shocking. Linux has its own methodology for providing raid and the raid modes provided by motherboard makers are in general terrible junk that nobody including windows users should use. Even if the information necessary to implement support were available which it generally is not it would be worth less than nothing. Everyone's hardware supports communicating with drives in a standard fashion not providing a way to enable this given that the hardware already supports it is wholly and totally lenovos fault. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/anthony-d-romero/the-return-of... 1 strategy is to pull the debtor into court repeatedly and hope they fail to show up once so they can be jailed for failing to appear. Repeatedly missing work can also put the poor person in danger of losing their job as well. Fake threats of jail or other impossible consequences aren't unheard of either. Without first going to the ISP and filing a warrant to get the information regarding whom had that ip address its not even enough for a warrant. If you've been following some of the recent stupidity police have opted repeatedly to just use some sort of resource to correlate ip address to physical location. This could be because this provides instant gratification or because they lack enough evidence as of yet to even justify THAT warrant. As an example one such resource used to list a single coord for all unknown addresses in the US. This led to parties at that address dealing with hundreds of cases of unpleasant police contact wherein each officer individually learned that this address wasn't the center for criminality on planet earth. Unfortunately this knowledge didn't percolate upward. So we aren't dealing with just proxies, tor exit nodes, open networks, many users connecting to the same router and other relatively complex matter. We are dealing with the fact that the police can't even be bothered to confirm with the ISP which customer even had that address at a given time. In that context, without an initial warrant to gather the most basic of information IP addresses rarely are sufficient for anything at all except further research. You can usually only narrow it down by getting the ISP to give up the person using an IP address at a given point in time which may itself require a warrant. Police are frequently failing to do even this. Firefox has had browser sync for ages and continues to have it as far as I know. If pages lag or freeze it might be the developers fault. I realize some are providing complex app like experiences but most web sites are just text and images artfully arranged. Making this simple thing slow requires dedicated stupidity. Many distros manage to actually bundle flash which then just works out of the box. This isn't a Firefox issue its your distro. Web developers continue to use an inferior solution to deliver rich content on the web. Adobe offers such technology under a nonfree license. Open source browser Firefox can't include flash because of the license. Purely open source distros also cant include this. Oems can and should ensure end users don't have to worry about this. Distros less concerned about purity may choose to set this up for their users. Not only is this not mozillas problem it's a wholly imaginary one. The set of people who CAN install their OS but are incapable of installing an additional package is very nearly the empty set or at least it will be when said user doesn't learn to install software on their shiny new OS. If that's too hard tell the people that work on the package manager gui and tell them how they ought to do better. The answer however isn't making it easier to go to the vendors website and download an exe. The ficticious grandma that people want to cater to will experience Linux when it comes preinstalled on the pc she bought at Walmart and if flash doesn't work out of the box tell dell. They can use competitors sites. I'm going to assume that you don't regularly go to physical locations receive terrible service and blame Honda and Ford. I had a very similar thought. Also hdmi can double as ethernet. DVI uses a serial bus to negotiate features if I'm not mistaken. Probably room for exploits over that port too. Seems like using built in input and display and giving up some external ports would be the only reasonable strategy if you were being as serious about physical security as this wants to be. Its not clear that there is any legal restriction on them doing so. I don't really feel that you being a millennial or using vim is relevant. I have no idea how you would go about getting github to implement whatever functionality is desired and even so would come with the following disadvantages -- Requiring a chrome extension limiting people to using chrome + a singular website vs any email client under the sun -- wouldn't work offline -- Presumably it would be more challenging for sight impaired individuals to use a js heavy website vs their email. They stated they had existing contributors who were so impaired. -- Since people still presumably do a lot of discussion via email it would mean using at minimum github AND email some of which would refer back and forth to other discussions. -- Relying on github would require tying free software infrastructure to a single non free software tool. Recalling bitkeeper this didn't go well last time. -- Hosted github costs additional money. -- The primary and perhaps only benefit would be making it easier for people to come in off the street and drop patches with minimal effort but this would actually cost effort to manage and the kind of individual who can't or likely wont figure out how to use existing infrastructure may not be an optimal contributor in any case. Basically your solution involves not only effort to create tools that don't exist, the cooperation of a third party, but the end result would almost certainly be objectively worse in a number of ways. I feel like you didn't really address any of the things the actual expert on the matter said and just hand waved his entire argument away. If I badger you endlessly with false accusations it's likely that you will eventually stop replying. I don't think so. There are tons of great reasons not to answer police questions ruling puts innocent defendants in the position in the position of answering to their detriment or having their silence used against them. This shouldn't even be constitutionally allowed. If any single extension author is compromised you may be yourself but ads are also a malware vector thus the position is consistent. To be willing to accept evidence to the contrary is wonderful but to limit oneself to only what can be justified in terms of "misunderstanding" not contradicting is fundamentally limiting. The truth can have no sacred cows they are a disease of the mind stunting growth forever. I'm sure he did good work but this is the intellectual equivalent to snack food. Its entirely possible to be open to outside influence without giving random coworkers visible permission to interrupt whenever. Presumably in that traditionally an actual normal court that is accountable to the public would have to based on evidence approve a warrant naming particularly the individuals and why and for a finite duration of time. This is fundamentally different from building a tool that would allow them to access any or all of your customers communications forever with no further oversight forever based on a secret courts request or in fact sometimes nothing more than administrative request or even breaking in. Doesn't it stand to reason that the people that actually know how things work under the hood are the people that care about such things. You could say the same thing about cars people don't care about what sort of engine is under the hood or how it works they just want to go places! It doesn't then follow that all cars are the same and you are just as well getting any one of the millions of cars or even any one of the models out there. A number of things actually follow more logically than tech doesn't matter which is counter intuitive and counter to most other endeavors in life. - We aren't very good at judging the relative virtues of tech - Most tech is good enough to express most concepts even if not equally well. If its possible to express it even if it takes 3 times as much work and is only 70% as good you wont notice from the outside how much the tech mattered. - Good ideas are worth enough money to throw enough time/money at them to be moderately successful They weren't given loans because they were incapable of figuring out they were bad loans due to insufficient data they were given bad loans because there was money to be made by giving out bad loans and bundling into mortgage backed securities. They deliberately crashed our economy as part of an effort to inflate their bonuses because they just don't give a fuck about you. me, or America. You cannot copyright a singular word, even a made up one, and sue anyone who says it the universe doesn't work like this. You actually very well could why do you think you couldn't? Not really windows the concept was a thing prior to windows tm. Windows 1.0 came out in 85. X windows predecessor W windows came out in 83 and the Xerox Alto was released in the 70s. This is why windows is a nonsense trademark even in reference to computer software but Microsoft Windows is reasonable. For a previous exploration of this issue see the Lindows linux distro legal fight which Microsoft lost. Prior art isn't a trademark related word nor does it have meaning here. It seems likely that the sort of thing you would put on such a key would be better served by either a spot on a tool bar preferably with an actual textual label not a cute icon or a physical button . The former is visible without looking down at your hands the latter is easy to press. I believe this combines the worst of both worlds. I don't know how to address your last sentence it sounds clever but it means virtually nothing. If apple does it first its a knockoff if someone else does it first its a rough prototype of something apple will ultimately do better. Heads I win tails you lose? I think this is a badly chosen example because it seems that the paint is tangential to the employee employer relationship just an office supply. Perhaps you could refine and clarify your example and it would be stronger? This is sensible but its a lot easier just to make non competes go away entirely. I don't buy for one second that anything not covered by trade secrets, patents, or nda ought to be protected. You bought the employees labor for a finite duration not the contents of their skull. Intellectual property is a bit of a misnomer it has very little in common with property of the standard sort and the burden falls upon you to explain why we ought to create greater artificial scarcity for imaginary property. If a particular situation like non-competes is a net negative for society as a whole I don't see why we should bother to allow them. The fact that employers value non competes as assets tells you that a) decreased turnover saves money b) employees who can't as easily leave require smaller/fewer incentives to stay In fact its trivial to show that non competes result in depressed wages. It in fact shows you the exact opposite of what you intend to show. Non competes are valued as assets as it enables employers to pay employees LESS than in a free market. It can't be anti employee. Employers don't pay more for employees with non competes they pay less. In the case of the fictional employees you mentioned previously both employers would have faced a more competitive market for employees resulting in higher wages. The non compete is nearly entirely valuable in that it it depresses wages. In reality its entirely likely that between firm A and firm B neither has a whole lot of special sauce non competes mostly serve to keep each other from competing for employees thus driving up wages. Its possible in theory for employers to offer additional pay to work in conditions wherein the employee will be slowly poisoned where such additional pay is cheaper than proper safety equipment. Its even possible that the employer will find people dumb/ignorant enough to take this it doesn't mean its reasonable economically for the society to allow this sort of transaction. Your earlier scenario made no sense as their would be no reason to suspect that the 2 employers respective pay and conditions were related you have just presented it as such. Imagine the law were changed tomorrow? Would the high paying non compete using employer suddenly start paying smaller wages? Would they have any employees tomorrow if they did? A freer labor market would be MORE competitive not less there is no reason to suspect that they wouldn't have to pay more not less to retain the same talent. Once again they paid for a finite duration of your time and labor not the contents of your brain. For you to somehow by dint of experience BECOME employer property in whole or in total is a truly bizarre perspective. If you can't own them forever as slaves then preventing them from freely applying their learned skills for a period of time isn't coherent and logical. It would be unfair for you to have to pay them for shoddy or nonexistent work it is similarly unfair to keep them from doing said shoddy work at your competitor. I'm not seeing any problem. “If your skills and experience are tantamount to trade secrets than you cannot use them elsewhere.“ What is protected is defined in terms of patents, trade secrets, and non disclosure. It looks like the long term prospects of software patents is extremely grim and neither of the later items can be so broadly construed. Your skills and experience can't be owned by your employer. It looks as if you actually understand that none of the above are so broad and want to use non competes to protect some sort of moral right. The problem is that such employers are 0.0001% of the population the freedom of everyone else and in fact the efficiency of the labor market as a whole is vastly more important than some sort of moral right for Bob the employer to keep Jim the employee from learning the trade and using that experience down the road. Your perspective is antiquited and based on a belief in an entire social framework of mutual employee employer loyalty that was always mostly imaginary and now practically fictional. It's highly likely that you have personal issues heretofore unexpressed wherein you feel badly treated. Maybe you should elaborate on THAT. People's business positions often inform their moral judgments that they justify after the fact. People are not rational. Drugs and legal gambling have a history. Pick a handful and let them know that there presence isn't desired at the university anymore if they can't respect their fellow students. They have every right to peacefully assemble less so to bar other students from freely moving around the campus. Firefox has an extension called watch in mpv which allows you to click on a given video or a button for the page and open the video in mpv. If your window manager allows tabbing various apps together you can even keep this in its own tab with firefox in the other. Being its own app you can of course have this window floating and on top of your firefox window off in the corner. You could even designate a hotkey to move and resize this window to that position if you so desired. Bullshit hype IS an argument in and of itself and if we can't speak plainly how can we speak honestly? Voting for trump has got to be more loathsome to most that putting up with Clinton's shenanigans. They don't actually even do polls they agrigate data from a variety of sources. Employers at burgers Inc hire enough people to make and serve the quantity of burgers they expect to sell. If more people can afford to buy burgers they hire more people not less. The idea that quantity of labor demanded decreases with increased labor costs is oversimplified and ignores reality. Why don't you just provide some. Automation gets progressively cheaper compared to human labor anyway increasing wages barely moves the turn over point where automation is cheaper. I stopped paying for their service as I was broke and they kept billing my account leading to several insufficient funds fees on an overdrawn account that they wouldn't stop billing. Can't say I'd even use their service for free. That disk space is still worth 18 bucks on a ssd between 1/3 and 1/4 of the purchase price of the game new. This isn't an inconsiderable sum. Also cpu time to decompress audio is microscopic it might actually be faster especially if the consumer has a hard drive to read 1/10 of the data and decompress. Additionally there is probably a smart middle ground between keeping the data as small as possible and 50GB of raw audio. Please stop linking to the NY times and their crappy paywall I canceled my service and they continued to bill me for a monthly service I had asked to be canceled even when I was threatening legal action. I had to go to my bank and report them for fraudulent charges so that the next however many charges wouldn't count against me. I canceled my service and they continued to bill me for a monthly service I had asked to be canceled even when I was threatening legal action. I had to go to my bank and report them for fraudulent charges so that the next however many charges wouldn't count against me. Stopped paying for it like I told them I didn't require their services any more because I needed that money to pay my mortgage if that wasn't clear. Even when you have tons of spaces on a huge sdcard even. This is incredibly frustrating as some devices were shipped with very very little space and too much of that taken up by the stuff that shipped with the phone that for whatever reason cannot be moved to your relatively large sdcard. I think merged storage is either here in the latest version of android or coming which will hopefully let us stop worrying about storage again but many devices will sadly never see the update. I believe the contrast was between the following. Open browser, create new tab or focus url, enter url Open app store, search for app name, click on the one that seems correct, read reviews, click install, wait for installation to finish, open new app. This of course is only valid for the trying a new application or website which hypothetically is 0.001% of your usage of an app. Its disengenious to suggest that because the government is only providing the venue whereby litigant demands hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars and enforces this judgement by confiscating plantifs goods that there isn't a first ammendment interest in the case. Just as the government may not suppress the right to speech by threat of jail and direct confiscation of money it also cannot provide a venue for other citizens to do so. Pretending that the first ammendment and libel/defamation/slander don't intersect is a gross misstatement. Please see http://www.alllaw.com/articles/nolo/civil-litigation/defamat... https://debmcalister.com/2011/06/03/7-things-you-cant-claim-... http://www.firstamendmentcenter.org/libel-defamation That said this was settled out of court for good for ill so its moot. Surely this would make people slow down and pay attention or you know just crash more. However bad our system is it is always at least in theory possible to change it to reverse course undo wrongs and start anew with new shmucks and new laws. However good you think such a system might be it would undoubtedly serve to disenfranchise a progressively larger group of people all the while supported by those remaining in the in group. Once you open the door to disenfranchisement being legal and permissible this is inevitable both because there is a giant teaming mass of ignorance to justify kicking some of the idiots out and those in the remaining group would always benefit from removing some of those in various out groups so long as the group and its supporters is a small enough portion not of the population but of the remaining voting group. For example maybe its impossible to disenfranchise the blacks until you have first went after the hispanics, maybe its impossible to go after the hispanics until you first get rid of all the ones that came here within the last few generations. Whatever ideals you start with you end up with a decreasing minority of the population making all the decisions and a growing majority not only dissatisfied but unable by definition to do anything about it short of violence. When tensions increase sufficiently you end up with riots at minimum and civil war at maximum. With decades of bad behavior I don't understand why they would ever be trusted. Its not like Gates is dead and buried and there certainly is continuity between the old regime and new. There is a limited interaction between yogurt buyers and yogurt makers that solely consists of buying or not buying stuff. There is more interaction between programming language creators and programmers and indeed between programmers about their tools. Analysis in depth is a useful thing for not only the creator who is likely to already understand the trade offs he has made but for other current and potential users of the language. If there is already a significant shortage of housing it might not be in the peoples interest to allow a business model that encourages people to buy up existing stock and turn it into unregulated hotels. You might argue that the real problem is the shortage of housing and even point to other causes but any solution to same might be years in coming if it comes at all. In the meanwhile if its a significant negative to individual states/counties/cities I see no reason not to enforce existing or enact in fact new regulations to forbid it. Surely those with access to significant capital can find other ways to profitably invest their money. Regardless of the reason for the shortage its not going away tomorrow. The business owner doesn't have a right to operate a particular kind of business in a particular place and manner. Perhaps in areas where housing is in short supply holding a housing vacant should results in a rather punitive tax. If you disincentive people to build or hoard housing for investment purposes people would still need homes and we have a workable plan whereby a bank provides capital to build and earns interest over the next 10-30 years to ensure people who need homes don't have to fork out 100k+ in costs to move in. If we loosened up restrictions a lot of them could fork out even less for smaller homes even. The purpose of the housing market is to you know house people not provide an optimal investment vehicle or money for entrepreneurs. Taxing inefficiency in the market that is vacant or vacation homes is the smart thing to do. If one group promotes eating dirt and tree bark and another proposes we dine on sandwiches you may unsurprisingly find that the media promotes one message more often than the other. The fact that the clinton foundation took Saudi money is an issue but hardly germane to any current discussion and link you provided was of extremely low quality and contained disreputable nonsense like the theory that Obama is a cryto muslim. It would be great if you wouldn't pollute hacker news with this. Driving in a circle still isn't free it either costs gas or electricity. When you park your car you are constrained to park it relatively nearby. Logically your car lacking a parking spot at your location will seek one nearby until it has traveled far enough that it is logical for it to turn around and drive back to you. In some cases perhaps it will rejoin the pool of available cars and you will picked up by a different car. Perhaps retailers will be yet more likely to offer to ship selected large or awkward items directly to your home after you have picked them out. A fleet of self driving cars equal to the maximum needed simultaneously can move around ferrying first one person then another to their destination. Car ownership requires at worst 1 car per person. Carpooling requires a lot of planning and only works for with individuals with similar scheduled routes and requires the humans to include the time to drop off additional passengers or pass control of the vehicle to another for additional legs of the trip. Totally aside from the logistical nightmare it requires people to trust others with an asset worth thousands or 10s of thousands of dollars. Imagine you pick 10 people. Getting them all to and from work shopping etc requires 10 cars at worst in the ownership strategy. Imagine that carpooling might reduce it to 8 or 9. Its extremely likely that a route could be plotted for 3-5 cars to take all to their desired destinations both by moving back and forth for trips that don't coincide and by making slightly longer trips that move multiple parties. Now imagine that you have the entire population and can match all the rides that coincide and include an entire range of vehicles including buses to get everyone from A to B maybe you can reduce this to 1-2 per commuter. Most people can't afford to commute via taxi and commuting by bus is hindered by routes that are geographically and temporally limited. Self driving cars by displacing the driver may eventually be cheap and flexible enough to compete with ownership. If there are a bunch of people that need this you could do the community a service by doing it and hosting it somewhere for all interested parties. The first mistake was for a free software project to require a proprietary one to participate in development. Bitkeeper's sole claim of ownership moral or legal was to the bitkeeper software which nobody violated. What Tridge did was come up with another way for the owners of the relevant data to access their own information something wholly reasonable and justified. What you dismiss as a stunt proved in a stroke how much of a mistake the relationship with Bitkeeper was. This is approximately like sony records telling you that you can't take your cd and put it in a Samsung stereo and you defending sony except no reasonable person supposes that creators of material objects aquire moral rights to control the use thereof. This is extremely disingenuous. Pretending that the primary workflow of a group and metadata about its work amounts to convenience seems poorly thought out on your part. Why ought someone expect people to be worried about politeness insofar as accessing their own data. Conflict solely existed based on a badly thought out expectation on the part of bitkeeper. If you look at the reaction this wasn't going to be something that could be delicately handled in any case. Using a license to limit others freedom to access and use their own data to maximize the opportunity for the developer to profit is a bug not a feature and its nothing anyone least of all developers ought to respect. Not only is the world composed of 99.99% users 0.01% developers but even developers are net consumers of software consuming 1000 x what they will ever create and profit from. Everyone's freedom is so vastly more important than a trivial few's wholly imaginary "right" to profit. Software is anymore the building block of civilization, culture, business. Valuing the right to restrict others over everyone's interests is a strange inversion of priorities. They with different products provide a dock like experience, virtual desktops, some of the bling of compiz themeing etc etc etc. Which is fantastic until windows which on some machines is more flakey than others acts weird and you get to figure out if the quirk is in the app, your machine, or your stardock product which in my experience it often is. Stardock is buggy and costs money. Linux DE are free and superior. I wish I could downvote this more than once. Your heart is in the right place but designers don't seem to design very good interfaces. I'm reminded of the Bremerton Ferry Terminal. http://www.clinkstonarchitects.com/project/1/Bremerton_Trans... It's attractive and all but that pretty canopy is turned up in the direction where the the rain and wind normally comes from and the seats which have these neat looking glass tops with embedded fish and octipi etc sculptures are not only uncomfortable, they also have a bar in the center presumably designed to stop homeless from sleeping on them which also stops more than 2 people from sitting and the glass has a lip which causes the rain the canopy lets in collect on the seats making them utterly useless at least 1/3 of the time. I believe tridge wanted to use his own client to talk to the server ergo this use case is a rejection of the license and product. Copyright isn't a right in the sense that anyone uses that word. I think it incredibly dubious that anyone who retweeted could reasonably be held liable for sharing a story for several reasons. Your characterization of the concept of freedom is profoundly flawed. You are FREE to reinstate this feature and equally FREE to share the results of your labors with your million closest friends. You are not ENTITLED to tell other people what they ought to work on and what they ought to ship nor are they somehow betraying the idea of freedom by making your life slightly less convenient. Studies have shown that arguing with extremists makes them more resolute. Also not doing business with them isn't silencing them they are just as free to pursue their mission tomorrow as today. How about seeking alternative sources of revenue. Start your own ad exchange if you like. When someone bemoans the fact that a significant chunk of the our generations intellectual and monetary capital is invested in trivial matters it isn't necessarily that they wish google and Microsoft ought to save the world instead of make phone operating systems and ads. If they have any sense what they want is for we as a species to put our money, our labor, our hearts and our lives into matters of importance to the human race. Most of everything is crap including user contributed comments, fitness to be shipped as someones product is a bizarrely narrow criterion for fitness, and emotional intelligence is a nebulous term with little meaning and less relevance. I think financial ruin was the reason not data loss. I use 25% more butter plus cream instead of milk + fine shredded cheese, heat just enough to melt the butter and beat up with a whisk before mixing up with the noodles. How is the GPL cancer? Regarding your own software if you don't like the mix of rights and responsibilities it provides don't use it. Your dislike hardly means it isn't a good fit for others. Regarding others software it gives you the right to use their software with no cost providing you are equally free with the fruits of your own labor. Obviously you might not agree with this but what I don't understand is why you have such a caustic attitude. What people commonly seem to believe is that the gpl magically sticks other software because you included gpl code. What actually happens is that you can't legally take other peoples code without following the license. Try this with proprietary software sometime. You will be sued to extinction. If one of your employees includes gpl code in your product you will likely be respectfully asked to either gpl the other code or remove the gpl code and be given ample time to do either. You are 100% able to replace the code you never had a right to and move on the gpl doesn't and can't magically adhere to your code thus calling it "cancer" is silly. Virus is also a pretty bad analogy. The privilege of using gpl software as part of your software is bought with trade in kind instead of cash. You have to make that trade willingly. You can't be infected. I don't think that you have thought this through and invite you to do so. How often do you type in all caps and why can't you bind another key or key combo to caps? Regarding chording I use the following strategy. I use i3wm which lets you define your own modes and bind arbitrary keys to commands. Effecting a mode is a set of effective bindings wherein one binding in one mode can make a different mode active letting you define vim like sequences of keys to accomplish a goal. I use xcape which lets you have a key produce a different key when pressed vs used as a modifier. I use the key produced by tapping right shift to start operations with my window manager. Eg vot opens appkey t in this case terminal in a vertical split. In Emacs I use the key produced by tapping left shift to start operations as a leader key eg to correct mispellings I use left shift c w. I remap caps to escape. I would also just map escape to caps but some games seem to ignore what you have mapped and require you to press the real escape key to get out of a menu. So lacking an optimal key I just map right shift -> c to caps. Its a dick move clearly but the post was flagged, a hacker news moderator spoke directly to the issue saying the post was unacceptable, various others had a more productive positive discussion including calling out the negative poster. You can even make a negative, frankly slightly whiny post calling hacker news a trash fire and STILL have a productive discussion here. The human race is just chock full of assholes and if you make yourself visible by raising your head above the herd you will inevitably become the target for some of them. Each community of course should do what it can to promote a positive asshole free discussion but its still a semi free internet and assholes have email/irc/twitter accounts. Beyond keeping it positive yourself which the author hasn't done you just have to deal with it and move on. If someone calls you terrible and you look in the mirror and know its not true then shrug it off and move on. The engineers are working on one the lawyers on another its not like the legal team is going to roll up their sleeves and pull out some schematics. This reminds me so much of several people I've heard complaining that Linux doesn't have nodepad++. Keep in mind that access to the source code not only to your software but the OS itself would mean the ability to modify or remove any locks you imagine are supposed to keep people from running unlicensed code. Given the way a lot of hardware works it probably requires licensing hardware and drivers as well lest someone sell dongles that interfere with the operation of the OS in such a way as to compromise its checks on the users freedom. Thus the situation you imagine requires that the manufacturer only allow specifically state or corporate sanctioned hardware/software to run after all how do you tell the difference between random free software off the net and non free software that has had its license and identifying information stripped. Of course now that we have all this great control over what OS/software you are allowed to run we can use our newfound control over the primary tool for communication, commerce, and culture for the entire human race to exercise any sort of control we want. So all we have to do is implement 1984 and all the tools and systems required to enslave the human race so software makers a truly microscopic portion of the human race can make a few more pennies and thus be inspired to share with us the blueprints for some of our toys. If this seems sarcastic maybe it is but you truly can't implement an effective way to give the user the source without also providing the freedom to use the software without paying without effectively taking away ownership of the device from the user. What you are proposing is a terrible idea and you and those like you are truly a threat to the future of the human race. I hope you think through this more fully. Relevance is relative. If I'm going to be hiring you, dating you, or having you around my family the public information regarding your history of immorality and criminality suddenly becomes relevant. The Internet isn't a conversation between a minority of public figures and everyone else and the decision isn't whether what they have to say ought to be shared with everyone. It's a conversation between all of us and we individually ought to determine what is relevant to all of us not censors. If you even try we will make a search engine exclusively for illegal truths and the things that you want to hide will only become more visible. Ultimately the Internet belongs to all of us and we won't let you stifle it. Your cure is worse than the disease and ineffectual at that what's to stop us from making a search engine for illegal truths. - Getting busted smoking a joint where its still illegal is a matter of public record regardless of whether it shows up on google - If you are wrongly accused refute the accusation. Its an unfortunate matter that got cleared up. You might get passed over for a job, try again put in another app. The extra struggle unfortunate as it is is a lesser evil then giving anyone with money to hire lawyers the ability to silence critics. - Respecting your privacy means not reading your diary or publishing your emails for planet earth to read. Unless the data was obtained unethically or you had a legal or moral expectation that it wouldn't be shared then there is nothing legally or morally wrong with sharing it. This isn't gray its black and white. - Censorship is when the government acting on its own behalf or on behalf of others via legal apparatus silences the citizenry or suppresses their speech. Once again this is super black and white. Censorship is a terrible idea that is somehow gaining credence among otherwise educated people. In the first place it is a gross violation of the right of the citizenry and a terrible precedent, in the second while it might silence the little guy in a lot of common cases the people you ought to be concerned about the movers and shakers who are likely to make decisions that effect peoples lives can probably afford a source of information that is less likely to be effected. So you are looking at creating a world where you don't know bob whose dating your daughter was accused on 3 separate occasions of rape but john the hiring manager still knows you were caught with some weed at 19 even if the charges were dropped. If you win you will have accomplished nothing of note other than making the world a crummier place. So did you mean to say you can get 95% of the functionality with a few lightweight tools? Regarding censorship rape threats, defamation, bomb threats and other obvious and clear exceptions to free speech. Those are pretty well understood and covered by existing law. We are talking about suppressing true statements 1984 style and making the truth disappear ex post facto from the internet. This isn't the same as shouting fire in a crowded theater and you know it. You still haven't addressed how easy it would be to create a public search engine of illegal truths nor the fact that there is so much info out there that anyone of importance will likely have access to all the info about people that they might want to hide. You wont be able to get a job at McDonald's without dealing with someone who pays a monthy fee for the truth about you. Ublock is objectively lighter on resources and you can either manually whitelist the sites you like or look into using Adblocks acceptable ad list with ublock. A trial is a very specific situation whereby we deem that controlling how the facts are presented is deemed vital to an essential function of our justice system. The jurists are a tiny handful of individuals explicitly picked from those who hold no interest in the case and they are denied free access to public info only so long as the trial lasts. It troubles me that you make little distinction between keeping a handful of disinterested parties in the dark for a few months so they can render an impartial verdict based on specific facts and giving the government the power to decide for all of us what truths are fit to be heard. There are many orders of magnitude more difficulty and potential for abuse. Your fantasies about fresh starts and protecting innocents from persecution are poorly founded daydreams. You are unwittingly pushing for us to lay the groundwork for tyranny and injustice in pursuit of a fools errand. While this is ripe for abuse it is bizarrely naive to believe that important people will willingly give up the ability to spy on us, collect information on us, and use that intelligence to make decisions about our lives. Further where does it end? Must the internet consist only of truths that everyone can agree or in other words why is western Europe special and say Saudi Arabia not. Is it because you suppose you are reasonable and they are not? You have already spoken in favor of jailing developers in one jurisdiction because they don't implement legal censorship you favor in your jurisdiction regardless of the laws in their jurisdiction where exactly does THAT road end? You have proposed we make a secret book of illegal truths unknowable to the general public that we cannot even protest effectively without running afoul of the laws prohibition of their publication. If you simply support delisting such inconvenient truths from google then your work is for naught as I will simply publish a list of such truths. If you support whitewashing the entire internet of them then you have proposed we impliment 1984 for the sake of helping bad people move on with their lives after learning better. Backed up by threats of violence and imprisonment from your nations thugs. Rather than buying their peace of mind with my freedom I propose you spend your own nations money to support programs that will employ, educate, and provide therapy to help them move on. You said if someone was to publish a search engine for illegal truths they would be jailed in the EU. You are continually framing the right to silence others as some sort of right. You ought to note that such rights normally derive from obligations to those whom you entrusted your data in the first place. Your doctor nor his staff may share your medical information. Either explicitly in an agreement or implicitly by law you gained the right to expect that your information remain confidential when you became his patient. When you mug someone and break their face no amount of jail time and rehabilitation obliges your victim nor society at large to silence. You imagine all of society possesses an obligation that rightly attaches only to those with relevant relationships like employee/employer, doctor patient etc. You cannot attach such an obligation without grossly limiting freedom and such an obligation attached to no human right I can imagine. Your position isn't merely badly thought out its morally wrong. If you can no longer discuss it then I'll drop it. You are saying dual core cpus are faster than 6-8 core amd? Do you have benchmarks to back this up? Not trying to be a jerk but this sounds like a huge misunderstanding of reality. I had understood that new generations of cpu to be years from beginning of development to store shelves. You might be an awesome person and well worth doing business with but the entire class of people you belong to might still be a bad risk. I'm sorry to hear that it's unfortunate. When prejudgment is based on race, gender etc it sucks but there are legal resources. In fact we make prejudgments all the time based on all kind of factors fair and unfair and we don't always have any recourse except to keep trying. The sco scam was in 2003 and the recent move towards arm devices that use treacherous computing to lock the user out of modifying their machine was recently who cares about 1995. The point is that they have been user and competitive marketplace hostile far more recently than 1995. Our problems aren't much more difficult because we are so diverse they are so difficult because we are shortsighted, greedy, and stupid. Americans privileged by circumstances and by virtue of excellent resources material and financial are no longer good at much other tech and war. Signed, An American I live near Seattle and travel there frequently. I concur with your assessment. By that logic no individual has a right to contest any law no matter what If they are operating within Germany they ought and I'm sure do have a right to file a lawsuit. You know lots of environments are quite configurable both in aethetics and functionality have you explored this. If you just booted up and didn't explore your options you might have missed the better part of your options. Functionally I think there a lot to be said for tiling window managers and I think they look great with Compton plus semi transparent windows, selectively obviously. Of course it might not be your cup of tea. Did you buy hardware with linux in mind or buy whatever and hope it would work. The former is a valid strategy the latter is more likely to be an interesting experience. The basic issue seems to be that the user purchased a machine known not to have great linux support tried to put linux on it and discovered that it didn't have great linux support. Obviously developers try to support as much hardware as possible with varying degrees of cooperation from the manufacturers but its not reasonable to expect support for every device under the sun. Developer hours are expensive and finite the logical solution is to buy machines with linux in mind if you want to run linux. This is probably why I've been running Linux for 13 years with limited difficulty because I take responsibility for making reasonable choices instead of complaining. You could totally ignore crud like gnome and have a consistently working experience that just keeps getting better except pulseaudio seriously can we just crowd fund an entirely new linux audio stack from scratch please I'll contribute. "Red Hat provided me with a 15″ Mac Book Pro. Since this was one of their choices of machine for developers, I assumed it was well supported by Fedora" Why didn't he google Mac Book Pro Linux? Point by point. - If he has a recent model Macbook its KNOWN to be problematic. Searching "2016 macbook linux" most of the top results are about how it doesn't work well. He specifically says he assumed because redhat offered it that it worked with linux. When you can't spend 30 seconds researching your development machine it might be your fault. - Server guis are known to be limited, hard to automate and just generally inefficient desiring a gui for your server is normally a sign that you just aren't very good. - Users don't have to use ANY command line package managers there is in fact a gui for that if they prefer. If they choose wholly of their own accord to use a command line package manager they probably ought to read the relevant help document https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Package_management_system which makes the usage of the relevant tools pretty clear. I don't think its untoward that red hat employees that wish to set up Fedora servers be expected to read documentation. Technically I think you can now more easily upgrade between releases but there are so many other choices beyond fedora anyway. You mean you wont address them because you cannot I presume? The critique is aimed at desktop Linux as a whole but is 99% is about how fedora works on his particular known to be problematic hardware. Fedora is first of all an unstable test bed for a commercial product running on hardware known to be problematic and the user is a red hat developer. I realized I had more useful things to do than beta test rhel in 2011 and I started buying hardware that works well with linux in 2003. Not knowing to how do this is certainly a forgivable thing in joe random business user but it becomes ridiculous when we are talking about a red hat dev. If a device doesn't work with its target platform be it windows, Linux, or mac you blame the oem. In this case whose job do you imagine is it to donate free labor to a multi billion dollar juggernaut to ensure their machines work well with Linux? Given the benefit Apple has derived from open source software it would be nice if they would help but they certainly have no real obligation nor do open source devs whose time is inherently a limited resource. In the end Linux has plenty of room for improvement but supporting everyone's hardware for free with finite dev resources just isn't a rational or achievable goal and lampooning linux as a whole because fedora doesn't work on your mac isn't even useful dialogue. Rational actors will react to this by reasonably picking hardware that is known to be well supported. Irrational actors will continue to complain on the Internet. I didn't say oems were obliged to support linux they could be a little more open so that it would be easier for open source software developers though. Regarding the blame you seem so eager to assign correctly. - The oem is not obligated to support linux they aren't to blame - The open source developers aren't obligated to provide free labor to make your hardware work they aren't to blame - The user isn't obligated to use linux in the first place but absent a support contract or a promise from oem that the machine runs linux they aren't owed anything either. Its like the open source software developers collectively held out to the community at large here take for free all this awesome software we have invested man decades in. It works on many but not all machines out there and a legion of users is waiting to help you for free make it work with your particular configuration and hardware and somehow a bunch of entitled individuals heard something on the order of Here's all this awesome software we wrote for you for free it will replace all this software you are currently pay for on your existing hardware no matter what hardware you have and unicorns will fart rainbows in time with your keystrokes. Then reacting to this promise that nobody made they get mad and make a linux sucks post on their blog. That this rant comes from a red hat employee is quite frankly embarrassing. Then your complaint is much more legitimate but instead of making a linux sucks post report the relevant problem to people who might be able to fix it, consider funding development to improve the relevant software, or roll up your sleeves and lend a hand. Nobody said linux or open source software was perfect. Car ownership often doesn't go well for you if your stupid and incompetent. Making linux work on all possible machines with very very finite resources is an impossible task. In that context keeping people from buying machines that don't work with linux and complaining on the internet is equally impossible. I don't understand how you believe people are obligated to do better work for free for you. *Please note I'm not implying you or the author are stupid just users in general. This is why most people ought to buy complete hardware/software packages with support and experts should be able to use google and read docs. You ought to feel like you can speak freely and critique if applicable but beware lest you also be judged and found wanting. On linux you can use your package manager + alternative system. I'm not seeing how government employees violating the rights of the citizens have a right to do so in private. If they can't produce proof of damage I'm going to go ahead and assume it doesn't exist. Works via wine although some disks stopped working in recent years with the software at all that is not with wine Which current generation console was sold at less than cost? Is there any reason to expect next generation consoles to do so? Equivalent hardware doesn't cost 4x apples and oranges It's reasonable to suppose that the ps3 was an edge case. Current gen consoles didn't cost more per unit to manufacture than they sell for nor if we continue to see x86 machines will the next generations That really isn't an answer I'm pretty sure the answer is none. Nonsense scenario. They aren't an optimal choice AND regardless of being open or not they needn't agree to fulfill such an order. How could you not figure out how to do this? You can very well use gui configuration utilities + i3. The fact that your machines haven't personally been broken doesn't mean its a good or a bad design I'm assuming if you want someone else to ensure everything works for you without hassle then logically you would by a machine with linux preinstalled with a long term support release and then wait until a month after the next lts release to update after everyone else works out the kinks in the new release. You know kinda like you do with apple machines. I have the exact opposite experience with vanilla Emacs. It works consistently without issue. Regarding plugins you can use melpa and track the latest release of everything at all times. You can use melpa and update most stuff infrequently save for the ones that are most important to you. You can use melpa stable and run only stable versions of everything. You can use melpa stable and run newer versions of a minority of plugins that are important to you. What plugins you choose to use and and whether you choose stable or unstable could very well lead to vastly different experiences. The best strategy is to carefully select plugins which are useful to you and high quality, and run the stable versions of most things updating your tools infrequently when a new major release adds something that looks useful to you. I would rather we make them full citizens not bound by threat of deportation so they can shop their skills around to the highest bidder rather than being used to depress wages for all. If we are too stupid to see the benefits we derive from making them part of our nation I would rather we send them home. Leaving the status quo as is would be the worst option. Desktop is synonymous with laptop/desktop machine in fact it is actually difficult to separate the two. I think this is the case here. Do you mean more people are getting laptops or that people are moving off laptops/desktops to mobile devices? I'm sorry this isn't at all easy to understand if you don't know the language. For example what is $ in this context how does I'm not expecting you to give me a tutorial here in the comments and I'm 100% sure I could read a tutorial and understand in a few minutes but it doesn't seem particularly obvious if you don't know haskell. Its easy to misread familiar as obvious. Sample size of one and do you really see the xbox one and the ipad mini as equally good game machines? I use my current browser largely because of the extensions for it. Turning snap into wic would probably cost more than 9% If you have a pool of applicants and ranked them in order of ability and drew x applicants out of the top of the pool of y individuals you would expect all things being equal to see the selected group had demographics similar to the group as a whole. If you start with for example a group of people that is 75% male and select the top n workers. The top n will be 75% male and the only way to arrive at 50% female instead of 25% is to replace some of the more qualified males with less qualified females further down in the stack. The ones higher in the stack are by definition already taken. This isn't saying that men are more qualified just that they make up a larger portion of the pool. Places that select a higher portion of males than the population suffer from the same deficiency. You really believe that men are inferior don't you I don't think mobile games and Xbox games are the same market save for both competing for disposable income. Neither is a fit stand in for the other. What's the better alternative? Just because they are poor doesn't mean that you ought to use your monetary control to manipulate how they eat even for their benefit. How about we try to educate all of America and make everyone healthier. This doesn't tell you how many women are employed as programmers because its one school its one course and further it doesn't account for people that choose not to stay in the profession or whom started out in a practical manner rather than in school. The National Girls Collaborative Project said that woman received 57% of all bachelors degrees but only 18% of computer science degrees http://ngcproject.org/statistics further some sources say the ultimate percentage of female software developers is even lower, as low as 8%. Women are succeeding at school but they aren't going into computer science and a greater percentage of them are leaving. Your belief that there are just as many female developers as men is utterly unfounded and without merit. The fact that you interact with a lot of female developers doesn't change the actual numbers and the plural of anecdote isn't data. We have one side complaining that we need to erase the gender gap in computer science, another scoffing and saying girls just don't like computers. It probably doesn't help either case to pretend that there is no gap. You have been able to use it with more recent versions by building from source since forever Totally not even remotely the same thing. You need to type several times as many characters in the best case and it will select the first instance of a string even if it's nowhere near your cursor. Additionaly you can't search for links that are graphics It is sufficiently poor as not to be worth using as it would only work part of the time and would be more effort than using the mouse. It is an example that tends to bring in lots of irrelevant detail and ethics that distracts from the actual point If one group in a negotiation has near all the power sometimes society benefits from negotiating on behalf of the one with none. You mean like the peace we have brought to iraq and the middle east right? Also honestly we could have steam rolled most anyone out there with half the forces most of the money spent on defense is wasted. Can you quantify how he is dedicated to improving the world? I believe the ad injection has to do purely with users of the xfinity wifi feature wherein you as a customer get to connect via other comcast customers wifi enabled routers which provide a paid guest network. On desktop firefox for linux I notice that chrome makes vastly better use of gpu acceleration given nvidia card + official nvidia drivers are there plans for improvements on this front. This is literally the only reason to run anything but firefox on any device I have and would love to see improvements on that front. Without tweaking in about config my wifes computer which is anything but blazing fast with a dual core 3 ghz full screen 1080p video was like a slide show. Even after its noticably laggy to the point where I've had to install chrome. I'm not sure if it makes any difference whether its flash or html5 video. Also would think you have to win by more to cover all the losses. You realize they do have quite a bit of revenue via yahoo right? I don't think per se its a bug. It just seems to be relying on the cpu vs gpu and the cpu isn't incredibly fast. Its dual core phenom II 3 Ghz Couldn't they just publicly ask any customer to privately provide them with a copy? Failing that couldn't upstream as easily purchase a single license? Couldn't you as the author offer any of the above by dual licensing it? Are you actually blaming gpl project creators for the waste created by others who didn't want to abide by the gpl? Isn't that a little backwards? Either you ought to acknowledge that everyone has a right to do their own thing or you ought to blame the other parties for the waste. You could mount the remote machines filesystem over ssh with sshfs. https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/SSHFS Why ought writers of gpl software care about selfish companies desire to get more while giving back little. Recompiling software to change options is utterly and totally ridiculous Lilyterm works well for me but I don't know what features you are looking for. Some sites are involved in actual transactions that don't involve eyeballs and fractions of pennies these will be fine. Simple sites designed to promote the spread of genuinely useful information can be designed to use microscopic resources and operate on little money these will be fine. Some sites provide neat services people are willing to pay for these will be fine. Some sites represent the online presence of organizations with significant budgets these will be fine. Much of what remains isn't worth much and if no viable means of support can be found I guess they shouldn't exist. Honestly 1/2 of the modern web could go away and not much would be lost. It's only a crisis if your livelihood depends on making a bunch of crap nobody in their right mind would pay significant resources to support. Since only a small fraction of people are unable to hear at all to the point where ASL not a hearing aid would be beneficial wouldn't it be easier and more practical to teach them both ASL and lip reading and speaking to the degree that is feasible. In theory it would be fantastic to get the 95% to all learn ASL to better communicate it doesn't seem likely to happen. ASL for example isn't on my personal to do list not because I don't care but because I have other things higher on the list. There are often 4 parties involved in online advertising. - Those pushing a product whom have a deal with advertisers. - The advertisers who have a deal with both the companies selling products and web pages selling space for ads. - Web pages which have a deal with advertisers. - Users who have little obligations to anyone and less loyalty. Advertisers, web pages, and sellers have confused the fact that their business model depends on someone who is not only disinterested in their arrangement but actively hostile to it with an unwritten pact. This is especially surprising when it becomes clear that their acts and ends are ultimately hostile to the user. Its not only unwritten its wholly and entirely imaginary. Adapt or die the current state of the web and the crap on it is ultimately going to end with 70-90% of users using adblock. Your post is a whole bucket of wrong. You have always been able to mix and match apps from a different desktop. Vim and emacs are awesome. Package formats have never ever been compatible, not even all distros that use the same format are compatible in fact. For open source software this is less of an issue than it seems basically the production of a package is 1/100000 of the effort required to produce the program itself and can even be done by individuals far less skilled than the original dev. This means with only a relatively tiny additional input of labor a program can be packaged for all the most common distros. I don't prefer unity but I think you bazaarly overstate the case. Why don't we just allow more of them to become Americans? You can't get social security unless you pay in for a sufficient number of years Why not? Can you elaborate? It would be awesome if he/she used whichever one would best enable it to actually withstand being posted on hacker news and still work. I'm not even sure what its doing while its playing that loading animation because it ought to be static content one would think. Unfortunately it never loads and is also not available in the internet archive. Anyone have a copy of the text? Mainly because most people lack the capacity to invent sound new theoretical models of the universe to believing whatever interesting idea springs to mind is 99.9999999% likely to be wrong. Can you elaborate on "I investigate theoretical models"? Are you involved in some branch of math or science? Eventually logically python 2 will be little used enough to be dropped and there may not be a python4 any time in the foreseeable future so perhaps you are just borrowing trouble. I'm guessing you went with the open source drivers that have transitioned from horrible to merely inferior without much help from nvidia. The official drivers from nvidia, which you would install as a matter of course with windows, both work better and come with a gui to configure your settings and multiple monitors. Not indefinitely They can hack his computer before nabbing him, grab tons of his data from connected providers, get a warrant to sneak in and plant one of several type of bugs that would allow them to aquire his pass phrase. Burst in while the machine is on and aquire the unlocked data or get the key from ram. Failing that they can convict him based on other evidence or at least convince him that they can and cut a deal for access. In the vital cases which are normally cited as examples of why we must allow cops to violate our right options abound. What's left is petty crap and police incompetence which serve as poor justification for giving up our rights. This sounds like a strong argument is there peer reviewed support for it? This is a terrible precedent people don't always throw away old computers and are bad at remembering passwords They have no obligation to believe him or release him in that case even if he did forget it. Is it reasonable to suppose that perverts would be more likely to offend or just consume more porn? I encourage friends and family to install ad blockers. I've been asked numerous times over the years to look at a computer that has either died or just isn't working well anymore. I always offer to install an adblocker after the actual problem is addressed and about everyone leaves with an adblocker. Its not technically difficult at all. It takes a few clicks to install and one click to disable on the minority of sites that don't work with ad blockers. I highly doubt I'm entirely atypical. Why not. Try sharing a link to ublock origin on facebook with text to the effect that installing the add on from the link will remove 90% of the annoying clutter from the web, make everything load faster, and protect their computers from malware. Realize that the link in either the chrome or firefox case will be to the official addon site and in the mind of the user safe doubly so since it came from someone trusted. What percentage of people who see it will spend the 3 clicks to install it? * Note I know you have no incentive to actually do so its hypothetical many people are encouraging non techies to do so and have been doing so for a very long time the percentage that are aware of adblocking is increasing. usernames across different websites aren't unique identifiers nor is this relevant to the discussion Speech without restriction based on content is a right acknowledged by law. Re-framing it as a privilege doesn't change this. This is complete nonsense its entirely impossible to run a large scale conversation without stepping in editorially to some degree. The impartiality criteria you are specifying is probably in fact impossible to define sufficiently in practice while doing so and the fact that people may in fact say nasty things on the internet is an acceptable cost to having a free global communication system. Analogies are often useful tools to explicate things by relating them to already understood concepts but utterly useless to make useful proofs or arguments because it oversimplifies to the point of uselessness and misses the ways things differ. These arguments via analogy are so worthless, so without substance that it is usually a massive waste of time to try to explain to the originator the ways in which the analogy differs from reality so I will simply ask you to come back with an argument based on reality instead. There was at one point a tiny number of very expensive to run networks which could reasonably be supposed to bear the small cost of putting its money where its mouth was every time they showed someone on the tv. Your concept would in fact basically either go laughably unenforced or destroy many to many communication on the internet as we know it as there would be no large channels for distributing any information of any sort as showing anything that couldn't be shown on nickalodeon would be an unacceptable risk in a world where most communication has few viewers and earns no/little money. Once again I am at a loss to understand what is so bad about the way things are that this seems like a good solution. It is actually pretty absurd. If you think guns shouldn't be in the hands of most people and guns lead to bad things happening its still ridiculous to go after people for manufacturing legal products just because most of the US wont let you ban them. The desired end astoundingly unlikely and doesn't justify the nonsensical means. Worse the lawyers involved in such things no that all it serves to do is to suck up money from suckers to enrich the lawyers. There is no article trying to reduce a many to many conversation to a simpler construct in order to justify regulating it is poor analysis. Platforms may or may not be slanted people can pick a different platform if they don't like their current ones slant or make their own. People ought to have no right to have a platform to be neutral in what communication they facilitate between their users and any attempt to enforce that is inevitably going to devolve into being slanted towards those with the juice to hire the lawyers to suppress speech. Where it's legal to sell kidneys I imagine people are presured by poverty to make medically unsound choices surely this is bad enough? Maybe people ought to be less greedy or alternatively we ought to collectively put greedy shifty people ought of business by replacing them with businesses that suck less. This would be more effective if done in an organized fashion. I mean vote with our wallets, a very capitalist idea comrade. You mean the future holders of 8% of the market across all form factors? It was unfortunately obvious that the writer had insufficient tech chops when use the phrase "a post-API programming model" But pressing on how somehow manages to blame the lack of updates to android phones on the modularity of the Linux kernel. The joke of course being that linux is monolithic and googles new OS is a microkernel ergo more modular. The quote is "...however. I also have to imagine the Android update problem (a symptom of Linux’s modularity) will at last be solved by Andromeda" Its hilarious that he can somehow defying all sanity ascribe androids update issue to an imagined defect in Linux. Android phones don't get updated because for the manufacturers ensuring their pile of hacks works with a newer version of android would represent a non trivial amount of work for the oem whom already has your money. The only way they can get more of your money is to sell you a new phone which they hope to do between 1-2 years from now. In short offering an update for your current hardware would simultaneously annoy some users who fear change, add little to those who plan to upgrade to a new model anyway, decrease the chance that a minority would upgrade, and cost them money to implement. Its not merely not a flaw in the underlying linux kernel its not a technical issue at all. This is either fantastic satire or hopelessly optimistic. What you are describing is a human level artificial general intelligence. Probably more than 10 years out. This outlook is why lots of people have to go to work and deal with absurdly slow trash software written to run on absurdly fast hardware. Drag and drop website building is a monumentally easier challenge and hasn't obsoleted programming. The genesis of the current stupidity is that the government is willing to lend tens to hundreds of thousands of dollars for people to learn about literature regardless of whether there is any market whatsoever that would justify the expenditure. The managerial/administrative class sucks up as much of this wealth as it can for itself and like minded individuals while burning lots of it in conspicuous displays of wealth like football stadiums designed to attract more interest/wealth some of which will stick to their hands. This waste is probably nowhere more apparent than in areas of study which require so little special equipment and expenditure like literature. The single most valuable resource, a library, is available for free to most, next up is the teachers time which costs only a small fraction of what the student is paying. When basically students are paying 20x the actual cost of the teachers time for the credentials to participate in the institutions that only exist because of the easily borrowed money in the first place it seems that this is unsustainable nonsense most easily rectified by cutting off the money supply. In the longer term it will be necessary to implement means by which we can legitimize means to connect teacher to learner without an unnecessary intermediary that takes almost all of the resources. Providing a way to achieve this wouldn't be terribly hard fixing our entire system which depends on credentials from this dysfunctional industry to legitimize employment isn't but cutting off the money is the first step. Programming touches both comprehension of the code and the world it interacts with. Any program which can write programs based on comprehending natural language ought to be able to rewrite itself. Can you please explain how what you are describing is distinct from AGI? So the logical thing is to at that point delete your facebook profile forever and never make another one and little of value is lost Making up numbers doesn't help the discussion. Can you prove that firefox users are at all more likely to be infected in practice? I doubt it. You surely can't prove they are 10x. I'm not the original commentor but a better package manager has got to be in that list. At that point its actually not even science and shouldn't be funded Were you complying with the licenses? You start out with n amount of programmer time demanded from projects a b and c, given that you can do x with y number of programmer hours. So imagine that increased efficiency means you can now do 2x as much fantastic now you only need n/2 right! Not so fast now that you can do more with less d, e, and f are worth doing and n+ are now demanded. Basically simple economics says that decreasing price, the price for a given unit of work going down increases the demand for such. This is not realistically infinite however most of the world has a long way to go to catch up with the developed world and the developed world itself seems to have no end in sight as far as demand for automation and tech. It would strongly look like until it doesn't is so far out on the time horizon that it is hard to predict anything at all on that scale. Care to defend that seems kind of synonymous with actually AI which doesn't look like its coming soon. I know he knows the business world and he obviously knows how to manage a business but what does he know about tech? This prediction is beyond nonsensical. Your timeline is hopelessly optimistic. This actually sounds like more work than coding. If people are starving in the street they will just tear down the nation around them on their way out sounds like a non survival strategy. The problem is that it is far easier and cheaper to produce stuff that looks like science but isn't so if you fund stuff without being able to prove it/reproduce it then you will probably end up funding 90% bullshit while starving real science for money. Any real scientists ought to recognize that secrecy as a strategy is terrible for science as a whole even if it is very temporarily good for them. There is zero reason to believe that software less capable than artificial general intelligence will provide any non trivial software. I don't need to prove a negative. It seems inevitable that on some time scale AGI will be achieved if we don't commit species suicide or bomb ourselves back to the stone age. It doesn't follow that AI less capable than AGI can produce non trivial software guided by non programmers. This requires proof because it has never been done in human history and thus without any examples it requires if not proof a coherent argument in its favor. The most obvious flaw is that software that is capable of composing/improving software ought to be able to improve itself and with improvements in a finite amount of time ought to BE AGI. This looks like the start of a great tool for people to find example code relevant to the current code. In other words new tools for programmers not a replacement thereof. Sorry I conflated 2 related but distinct discussions. On your front I disagree that programmer productivity will have a substantial negative impact on employment for the earlier stated reasons. Demand for software will continue to increase quickly as the rest of the planet catches up to the developed world and increased productivity just increases demand. I also disagree with the notion that this will substantially increase productivity in and of itself. Basically this seems like it could help you find similar example code on github or in your company's codebase I'm dubious about it being used to generate nontrivial code of any variety. For values of breaking that include - Keeping your pc free of malware. - Keeping people from trying to aggressively promote lies, half truths, and nonsense in your own home. - Making the web work both better and faster. This is not a violation of network neutrality. You are allowed both to treat different types of traffic and different groups of customers differently. What you aren't allowed to do is treat traffic of the same variety differently depending on whether the endpoint paid you money. The people being extorted aren't even your customers they are people who want to do business with your customers. If you aren't shaping based on which endpoints paid a bribe we don't have much of an issue do we. Google network neutrality then come back. This post is pretty full of bad logic and could benefit from comparative benchmarks in place of supposition. - One retailers sale price on one chip is a poor way to judge the relative value of 2 entire lines of products. - the Intel i7 7700k is normally north of 350 which is what a lot of retailers are selling it for. There is no reason to suppose that one retailers temporary sale right now ought to be compared to the projected sale price of amd chips. -This price is without cooler/paste amd 1700 includes both for 329 so most would end up paying almost 400 for Intel $70 more if you include the next item. - Historically Intel motherboards have been more expensive and have been worthless as far as upgrading even to the very next generation of cpu. Amd motherboards are often upgradable. - It would be more reasonable to compare it to the 1700 which has uses 2/3 the power to run twice the cores with substantially better multi core performance as much as 40% better in fact. http://wccftech.com/amd-ryzen-7-1700-gaming-performance-benc... While single core performance isn't quite as good if you followed pc gaming you would in fact know that either chip is going to be more than enough to keep up with any mid and most high end gpu setups you could throw at it. In summary going Intel on your next mid to low high end gaming rig will probably cost you slightly more, use a lot more power, give you substantially worse performance and no better gaming performance. Did you miss every example people gave? It's interesting when amd was breathing down their necks previously they suddenly got sufficient motivation. I expect them to get motivated again. Perhaps because what he refers to as lies are annoying truths and what Obama called lies were in fact imaginary malarkey like him not being an American or being a crypto Muslim? Given Male 1 and Female 1 wherein female 1 was unfairly discriminated against. How does it follow that if you unfairly privilege female 2 in favor of male 2 that you have somehow made up for the original injustice. A rational though process would be that this just adds to the sum of injustice in the world. I'm perhaps presuming to much but with a name that begins with Jen which is often a short or familiar form of Jennifer I would have to wonder if you yourself are in favor of "positive discrimination" because you yourself have suffered from plain old discrimination the bad and in fact only form of discrimination there is. If its not favoring the weaker candidate its not discrimination positive or otherwise its plain old judgement. You are saying that you are in favor of discrimination or somehow used as a sort of tie breaker which is kind of silly frankly. Solar is not a magic wand. People who couldn't afford to get hooked up to the grid for the last 36 YEARS were gifted a limited solution that cost far more than their little village could afford. The wealthy celebrated by hooking up more appliances than the system could handle and then all the recipients of all this free stuff complain that johnny can't study by the light of the silvery cfl. When some are just plugging in a lightbulb and a phone and others are plugging in "energy-inefficient televisions and refrigerators" perhaps either the wealthier should abstain from doing so or should instead invest in more capacity. On a larger scale this would be accomplished with meters and prices that would make using 100x more juice than your neighbor either uneconomical or at least costly enough to build infrastructure but on this scale it would have to have been solved by common sense which like electricity appears to have been scarce. If you got rich wholly or partly through wrong doing I don't understand how you can assign them any of the credit for giving some of it away. Imagine if I mugged you for $100 and gave $20 to the red cross? Does anyone have a copy of this article. Here is the article text https://gist.githubusercontent.com/michaelmrose/3f9b655fde54... best read in something like reader mode or something Conscription is literally slavery. Taxation isn't slavery its an obligation to pay a fraction of what you earn ergo if you earn nothing you owe nothing and have no obligation. What do you mean by unix in this context? Everything save for windows bears a strong kinship with Unix and every OS is more than capable of running additional runtimes and frameworks beyond C. Not every society that practiced slavery regarded your slave status as an immutable part of your being nor does slavery require trade if you are born a slave in a family and live in bondage you are a slave without having changed hands. To be a slave is to have your personal freedoms subordinated to another while people always enjoy a finite degree of autonomy which varies substantially from society to society and even between different socioeconomic groups if your owner can tell you where to go and whom to kill, and in fact to surrender ones life if asked then I cannot discern the difference between that state and slavery. You say that its just to throw people in prison for refusing involuntary servitude on the basis that that service is necessary for the existence of the state that the individuals rely on. Now what I wonder is why the state would be in a position to need to use threats to inspire its citizens to serve. Perhaps it doesn't want to pay sufficient money to acquire the individuals its needs. In effect it is saying that it ought to take a minority of the citizens freedom rather than take a little bit more of everyone's money. This is pretty despicable and it ought to just raise taxes to pay sufficiently. Perhaps it lacks the moral authority to inspire service even at any price. In that case it ought to reexamine WHY its citizens have lost faith in it instead of using force. Lastly perhaps its facing an existential threat that can neither be ignored, nor dealt with otherwise. You blindly suppose that the state deserves such service and neither examine whether it really does nor if it could acquire such service without trampling the rights of its citizens. It speak like a dangerous nationalist and your attitude concerns me. You are pretty much forced to show up and provide a convincing reason why you ought not to serve beyond that its trivial to get out of if you don't want to be part of it. Its also essential to our justice system and usually a very small burden. You can get used amd workstations too its not really valid to compare the cost of used 5 year old machines vs new. Hyperthreading is not a virtual core and as it doesn't exist as a separate core its hard for it to be idling. Bad analogies make for less than adequate understanding. Pre Ryzen AMD didn't have anything like hyperthreading. The prior generation had n physical cores wherein each 2 shared a fairly significant chunk of hardware. The new generation of AMD and many generations of intel have extra hardware in each physical core that makes it look and act like additional cores. If I understand it correctly, and please correct me if I'm wrong, it mainly serves to ensure that the core is better utilized in general.