I dropped Dropbox completely two years ago because I considered them to be insecure and unsafe. (Like all the rest of cloud storage.) I have since set up my own personal cloud. It's more secure and nobody else has any control over it. First world problem. Just appreciate the fact that there IS toilet paper. "Bomber" by Len Deighton. Nothing that you do not control yourself can be considered secure. If you must use a 'cloud storage', consider it to tantamount to be 'in the public domain'. In other words, don't put anything in 'cloud storage' that you would not be happy seeing printed on the front page of the New York Times for all the world to see. Was that -40 F. or -40 C. ? Now -40 K., I'd like to see that! Very Novice user, and coming from a MSDOS background, I habitually logged in as root, even though I had heard dire warnings not to do that. I had lots of dot-directories in /tmp and my disk didn't have a lot of space left. So I typed in rm -rf .* thinking that I was very smart, and would save time by not having to remove each dot-directory separately. After a while, I wondered why it was taking so long and discovered I had very little of my root filesystem left, so I was forced to do a complete reinstall. Needless to say, I always do my day-to-day work now as a lowly common user, and NOT as root. Looks a little like the XFCE Window Manager (the underlying distro could, quite literally, be anything) but I feel the video is too poor to identify anything properly. ALL water has been recycled pee at some time or other over the last four and a half billion years. And a lot of tap water already has some pee in it from birds and animals (as well as the occasional human). The thing about the disruption is that it wouldn't happen if it were predictable. (If it were predictable, the companies would have done something different, and they wouldn't have been disrupted.) So, while predictions can be made, it won't necessarily pan out that they actually occur. The disruption is normally only really apparent in hindsight. In any case, the companies concerned were honestly trying to do their best, not their worst. The first thing I thought of was the grave robbers who plundered the pyramids and other royal burial chambers looking for valuable metals. There are quite a few nice pieces of valuable metal making up that clock. I give it even less than 50 years before it gets looted. The modern armies rely too much on technology. Yes, it gives you an edge, but it is also a two-edged sword. That's why the old-fashioned insurgent armies of men with human eyes and an AK47 often outfight the soldiers with all the bells and whistles. The Wehrmacht was very high-tech compared to the Red Army in the 1940s, but the Soviets (as did the Americans on the Western Front) threw quantity rather than quality at the Wehrmacht, and destroyed it. True, they lost a lot of stuff and men, but they won. As Stalin said,"Quantity has a Quality all of its own." It's no good having men or equipment that has a 100-to-1 kill ratio, if the enemy can throw 101 at them. It's supposed to be a secret, so please keep it quiet, but FEMA is rounding up all the UUIDs with a starting '51d4' and incarcerating them in special concentration camps. It's a very special place: it's called a Bookmarks file. You can even have folders with subfolders so that you can find what you want very quickly. Sometimes the lo-tech approach works the best. Shades of the 'Windtalkers', who used Native American language during WW2 as a form of unbreakable code. "If you've got nothing to hide, you've got nothing to fear". Brand-Names have such a hold in the US that it's often quite difficult to find out what the chemical (or 'generic') name for a drug really is, even using Google. This is a problem for them overseas because the brand-names often differ from country to country while the chemical name remains the same. Many people in the US often don't even realise that Tylenol is the same thing as Panadol or acetaminophen. (Such an ugly word, acetaminopen, that I'm surprised the other common generic name, paracetamol, hasn't won over.) In most other countries, the generic name is used more commonly and Brand-Names are used as an option. Thus a client can say to herself, "Now, which brand of paracetamol will I buy? The 'Tylenol' brand at $10 a hundred, the 'Panadol' brand at $9.50 a hundred, or the local pack at $5? Or even, "I see they're out of my preferred brand, 'Tylenol', so I'd better grab the 'Panadol' brand instead." Facebook problem? (many of us think Facebook IS a problem.) This content is currently unavailable The page you requested cannot be displayed at the moment. It may be temporarily unavailable, the link you clicked on may have expired, or you may not have permission to view this page. When enough people boycott the content-providers for their heavy-handed actions. BDS can be used against companies just as much as against countries. Mainly so the airline can hire out an iPad for in-flight entertainment. They hold your credit card until you return the iPad at the end of the flight. The only "Halt and Catch Fire" I'd heard of before was from the satirical computer instruction set from the 70s(?): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halt_and_Catch_Fire There is other history apart from European history. I see no confirmation from Arabic, Russian or Chinese history which would certainly show a 'sudden jump' over the years which were supposedly invented. I have gone through the 'make it smaller' phase of mobile phones from when they were relatively large heavy bricks that ruined your clothes (or could only be carried in your hand) down to the small chocolate bar size where you could comfortably put two of them in your pocket without noticing them. Now, I find we are going through a 'make it larger' phase where mobile phones are getting too large again to comfortably fit in your pocket. I dislike my Samsung S3 for that reason, and it is no longer one of the largest. When a phone is too large to fit conveniently in your clothes because of weight or size, you can no longer think of it as 'mobile' because you rarely carry it on your person, and tend to put it down and walk away from it out of earshot. Shhh. For God's sake don't tell my desktop and laptops. They've been running Linux (and UNIX before that) for over 20 years. There is a difference between stalling due to high angles of attack, and having too much drag from cross-sectional resistance on an unstalled wing to be able to lift. The practical outcome is the same however, not enough lift to overcome the weight. SWIFT used to cover the world because it was 'neutral' to all countries. By banning Iran from using SWIFT several years back, SWIFT went from covering 'all' to only covering 'some' and thereby lost it's 'indispensable' reputation. Now it looks like another country will be banned from using it. That's called 'shooting yourself in the foot'. The BRICs are now in the process of setting up their own SWIFT-like system, and as time goes on more people will use that system and SWIFT will become less and less relevant, instead of remaining the 'only game in town'. I cancelled my Dropbox subscription several years ago for precisely this sort of situation. Not that any of my files are particularly wonderful, but the point being that I would no longer have control over other people having any and all access to them. Microsoft will eventually roll over. I got imprinted with WordStar back in the early 80s. So much so, that when I program today I use those same text-editing command-codes. So I can jump seamlessly from programming on CP/M, Linux or even MSDOS. Frightening, isn't it? The only thing preventing "boot this USB stick, install Linux, install Windows" is that Microsoft doesn't allow that to happen. Secondly, there are too many questions that need answers which would prevent there being such a simple set of commands. Things like: 'how much space for Windows, and how much space for Linux on your hard drive(s)?' 'what order would you like the boot options to be in?' 'how many logical drives for Windows and how big?' 'how many partitions for Linux, how big, and where do you want to mount them?' and so on. But it never hurts to dream Manufactured by P.T. Barnum, apparently. The articles contains quite a bit of wishful thinking. The same sort of disparagement of an prospective enemy that occurred pre WW2 when 'Made in Japan' was a derogatory term. That soon stopped when US forces came up against the superior Zero fighter and the very capable Japanese Navy. Just because an army's equipment may not match yours in technology is no reason for complacency. The US and Soviet weapons in WW2 were inferior to German stuff, but as Stalin famously said 'Quantity has a quality all of its own'. I think it's time we re-invented Usenet by making the subreddits tree-structured. Or at the least, by making a tree-structured list of subreddits. At the moment there are thousands of subreddits but the only way to find them is by playing with the 'random' button and hoping for a bit of serendipity. I dropped Dropbox at the end of 2011 when the NDAA passed. I felt that 3rd-party cloud storage was no longer private enough or secure enough. After Snowden, seems I was correct. I've been watching the numbers ever since the first reports started coming out. The doubling time has been remarkably constant at about 3 weeks (about the same as the maximum incubation period). In other words, there has been little to no effect on the doubling time by all those policies and procedures we have used to combat Ebola so far. Everything is clear and more evident in hindsight. It seems that as far as Duncan knew, that pregnant woman was suffering from malaria, not ebola. She died while he was in transit or shortly after. He would not have had that knowledge. And to those whose initial reaction is 'Eww! How dirty!' I have to say this: urine is normally more bacteria-free than tap-water coming out of the shower-head. (Which is why it is a good wound-cleanser for soldiers in battle) Boycott for a specific length of time, sometimes for ever. Even when they ring you begging you to 'come back, all is different now'. The only thing companies understand is their bottom line. I withdraw my custom from Companies which rip me off for enough time that they lose at least the amount of money that I have lost, and generally much more. One company made me hang around for 5 hours when I needed that time to do other very important stuff. Then they offered to 'fix that' and did exactly the same time again. I took all of my current business away from them and put put them on the 'do not use' list for 10 years. Several times during that period they rang to offer me various deals, which I refused and told them why I refused them. After 13 years, I thought I would give them another chance. This time they promised the service and I thought they would deliver. But no. They offered some minor services but not the main item I had requested, and made no excuse at all for not delivering. I cancelled that order and went elsewhere. So again, they are on my 'do not use' list and will probably never get any more business ever from me. We now have several land-lines, and mobile phones and ipads which do not ever give Telstra any income from me. One bank insisted on charging me to verify information which I supplied at my own cost. I said to them 'I wouldn't have minded if you had charged me to get the information yourself, saving me from the cost of doing it, Instead you want me to incur the costs of my doing it myself and then your costs as well. If you charge me that $40, I will take away all my business.' They didn't believe me, so I took away several accounts, including a fairly large term-deposit, and took them to another bank. My previous bank-manager rang me to say 'Well, that wasn't necessary over $40.' So I told him I had given him fair warning, and he could have scrubbed the fee. Now he would lose my business. That was 22 years, and many bank-loans, credit-card fees, etc lost over just $40. Not quite as simple as that. The infected patient coughs and a spray of droplets lands on a handle or arm-rest. The next passenger puts his hand on the arm-rest and then eats a packet of peanuts, thus transferring one person bodily fluids into a second person's bodily fluids. Hmmm. I pronounce 'data' as 'dar-ta' because I learned Latin at school and my ancestors were Italian, so I tend to use the Latin 'a' sound. But no, it's 'gif' with a hard 'g'. joe with wordstar key-bindings Some things can't be compiled. Emulators for instance can be compiled for the main guts of it, but the actual operation of emulation can only be interpreted, because the emulator doesn't/can't know in advance what code it could be called upon to be emulating. First rule of business: NEVER turn away a paying customer. Just too many of us. Yet several generations of a 'one-child-per-couple' policy would quietly reduce our numbers enough for us to cope with our over-population and unsustainable use of resources. But that sort of thinking is taboo. 'Interstellar', here we come. But unfortunately, there won't be that convenient wormhole waiting for us. "the infamous Altair 8800" Seeing that this was the machine that fired up the "home computer" revolution and was a direct ancestor to the everyday PC, I can't understand the 'infamous' epithet. In my opinion, that line should read "the famous Altair 8800". I've used Unix/Linux as my primary desktop since 1991. 1991-1995 Bell and Netware Unix SVR4 1995-2001 Sun Solaris 2001-2014 Linux (various distros), currently Linux Mint 17 Somebody probably told them about SCO. It would most likely have a very poor cost-effectiveness ratio. A surface aircraft-carrier expends no energy in maintaining itself, only for propulsion. Turn off the engines though, and a flying aircraft carrier rapidly becomes a surface un-carrier. These days, it's more 'install and go' than previously. That's not to say there is nothing at all to do to customise your system, but it's probably at about the same level as customising your Windows system. Several years ago, things were different. And it used to be that Slackware was the most hands-on distro for learning and using Linux. I believe that is still the case. The manufacture of bicycles in third-world countries appears to be on the increase. Interesting situation. Do we redefine the current magnetic south-pole phenomena to maintain the present compass and mapping infrastructure (in other words, the current south-seeking needle becomes the new north-seeking needle) or do we redefine our maps and naming to follow the current compass infrastructure. (The compass will now point south instead of north, so therefore the current South Pole becomes the new North Pole.) Almost certainly, we will choose the first option, as it permits the least number of changes. We wouldn't be stupid enough the maintain the compass so that the North Magnetic Pole is located close to the Earth's South Pole in Antarctica. Or would we?? Start small then build up. Give yourself lots of small nonsense throw-away challenges, or maybe take one small part of somebody else's website and see if you can duplicate it. You have to keep challenging your boundaries. Don't do stuff you know, try to to do things you don't know. But keep each step upwards simple - don't try to build a skyscraper before you can build a house. Lenovo Thinkpad T410S here. The only thing I've done to it in the 4 years I've had it is to upgrade the 500gig hard drive to 2 TB. And when I bought it I specified the larger battery rather than the standard one. It has an included DVD drive which is surprisingly often used. I have kept it as a Linux-Win7 dual-boot, but Windows is restricted to 50 gig and I'd boot this maybe 4-5 times a year, while the other 1950 gig is in use with Linux. That's a bit like saying the road-makers must take responsibility for the bank-robbers driving away to safety. That's looking through the telescope from the wrong end. We won't last long enough to go into space if we don't fix our problems on Earth. We must reduce our numbers by drastically slowing our birthrate. But how do you 'paste' without a middle button? That's the bit I miss most when I have to use a 2-button mouse. Thank god the guys who invented the scroll-mouse had the sense to build the middle-button into the scroll-wheel axle. There is nothing at all wrong with global warming, per se. The problem comes with the RATE at which global warming is taking place. In previous times, with slow global warming and small populations, it didn't take much for small numbers of people to gradually migrate from places where the environment was becoming unsuitable to places where the environment was getting better. And there were no such things as borders. Today, with higher populations and faster changes in climate, we need to be able move millions of people quickly from one place to another. This is hugely expensive, and not only that, there is huge ethnic resistance to millions of people suddenly migrating from one place to another. Wars have started over less. If it sounds too-good-to-be-true, it usually is. "I have this magical substance, but I have to keep it secret". If the drug works, you don't need to have tests to show why it works, you just need to show it works. (We still don't exactly know why general anaesthetics work, but that doesn't stop us from using them every day.) You're assuming A. You will always have internet access. B. You will always have unlimited internet access. C. You will always have very fast internet access. D. Dropbox will always be online when you are. I stopped using Dropbox 3 years ago for these and other reasons. Backup to a local external USB disk, and backup to an offsite file-server that you also control. You only need incremental backups, so your throughput is low. I thought Dropbox was the answer to all my desires early in 2011. Then I travelled to a rural area in a foreign country and my only internet connection was an expensive 2 gig per month USB dongle which was lucky to reach anything more than EDGE (about 30 kbytes/sec) transfer speeds. Supply and demand. There are very few items that nobody wants. You just have to make the price right for a win-win situation. Sony is an important member of the MPAA. You know, those people who have deep pockets to lobby (read 'bribe') the US lawmakers into things like DMCA, SOPA, and the copyright provisions of Free-Trade agreements. The Baker Electric is the car that Grandma Duck drives. I remember being surprised as a teenager many years ago when I discovered that there actually had been a car that looked like Grandma Duck's car. http://www.geocaching.com/geocache/GCXP5M_grandma-ducks-car > David Boies, the lawyer who wrote this on behalf of Sony, is a very capable hired gun He wasn't very capable when he was acting for the SCO Group in their never-ending bullshit case against Novell and IBM. He has also been criticized for ethics violations. http://gl.scofacts.org/gl-20031217025304677.html Saw it pronounced 'squeal' in an article once. Have used that ever since. P.T Barnum had a famous saying about this sort of thing. "Something, something, every minute." Anything with a sequence-number in its title is, by definition, not worth wasting hard-earned money on. And don't get me started on low-quality CGI effects which continually take you 'out of narrative'. Comments are an act of kindness towards the person who will be doing the maintenance on the code you have written. It's doubly kind when that code maintainer is yourself. He/she/they have lost interest in the game. "Been there, done that." On the other hand, if you are Russian with Swiss francs, you are now worth lots and lots more roubles and seeing that it costs you to hold money in Switzerland, you're going to take that money out of Switzerland and return it to Russia. You're actually better off and spending that money in Russia. Putin should be very pleased with the Swiss. I don't do SO any more because of the attitude of the moderators. Time and time again, there is the 'This is not a suitable question and so we are closing it.' statement on questions. If somebody has a query, they need an answer. There is an old saying "There are no stupid questions, only stupid answers." I evaluate 'This is not a suitable question' as a stupid answer. At one point all the scores and accounts were lost due to poor backups, mine included. I never bothered to rejoin. Structs can be looked at like any other collection of data items grouped together under a specific name. Different languages call the grouping by different names: so you might find amongst the languages words like: COBOL - record, SQL - row, Excel - row, C - struct, etc. If you only know Java, a (very) rough 'n' ready conceptualization might be an object that has data items, but no methods at all. A struct pointer will point to the start of each struct only, and incrementing the pointer will point to the start of the next struct in the array (if one exists). Within that struct the separate field will be only pointed to by a '->' thus 'str_pointer->item0'. Note also that you can use the name itself of the struct (which in reality is also a pointer, but is usually not considered as such), in this case the item is selected by using a '.' thus 'str_name.item0' The biggest problem I had in learning structs was the difference between the '.' and the '->' syntax. I already knew what a record or a row was. If you believe the company which gave us the Global Financial Crisis, by giving junk investments an 'AAA' rating, you'll believe anything. Quite old. I was in my mid 20s. But this was in the early 1970s. It was a BASIC program. I was given about 20 80-column cards which I had mark with a thick black pen in the relevant positions. I then gave the pack back to the friend who had access to one of the early multi-user terminals in another town and who could run it. He was impressed that it ran perfectly without any syntax errors, but not that it was an infinite loop. On the other hand, my first computer I had to build with a soldering-iron and a very large box of parts in 1979 and that's what finally enabled me to begin programming for real, in both BASIC and Assembly Language. Faulty quiz - needs work. Instead of clarifying the request, in case the support person had misunderstood it, the customer goes on the attack on the very first message after the first reply. The second reply of the support person is an explanation, and once again the customer continues the attack. If I was the support person, I wouldn't accept that. People are mirrors, they reflect how you are treating them. If you ever feel you are mistreated, it's likely that your own previous behaviour is at fault. It's a bit like the 'Innovator's Dilemma'. The Labels are trying to squeeze as much as possible from the old paradigms/genres, instead of looking ahead for the next wave. It would be interesting to see how much the Labels' share has shrunk since the introduction of paid digital-download distributors like iTunes, Amazon, etc VISA, Mastercard and SWIFT have damaged their own brands by showing themselves not be neutral but controlled politically. By not being neutral, it shows they cannot be trusted and dependable for all users. Other entities will arise that are neutral around the world and will replace VISA, mastercard and SWIFT. Just wait till the armed drones fly over. "Once they feared you. Then they matched you. For a while they laughed at you. Now they ignore you. You have lost." Microsoft has become irrelevant ever since Vista. Up till then they had stuff that was essential, even if you only used it a few times a year. Where does the energy which generates the charging electricity come from? Some places will use nuclear energy or some other non-oil energy source, but many places will use oil to generate the electricity used in an attempt to save importing oil. Then the problem is that generation and charging losses will mean that more oil rather than less oil will be imported. I have several of these. http://sockitz.com.au/m/index.php/classic-sockitz-white-usb-... What I'd like to know is what killed the Maserati? You hardly ever see one. A circuit-breaker is basically a type of relay. Many early computers used relays. Anything that can be set in two states, and the state of it can be read back, can be used as binary memory. Business 101: NEVER turn away a paying customer. Personally, I think they'd be better off doing an 'Apple'. They could use an open-source OS as a foundation instead of spending lots of resources going-alone with something idiosyncratic that's not used by anyone else. The resources freed up could be concentrated on improving the GUI environment (as Apple did) which is what 99.9% of your clients will be interfacing with. But MSFT will never do this, they have the NIH mentality so deeply ingrained that they would rather die than look outside the MSFT World. A good incentive to join the 'black cash' economy. Immersion seems to be the best way. Just use the foreign-language all the time. Those of us who have gone along the foreign language route seem to find that it takes a short but definite time-lag within the brain when 'switching out' the foreign-language and 'switching-in' the native-language. And then the same thing happens with the reverse, you have to 'switch-out' the native-language, and 'switch-in' the foreign-language. Consequently, by continuing to use the native-language, you never get out of the habit of thinking in your native-language. On the other hand, when never having to 'switch-in' the native-language during immersion, the brain gets much more acclimated to the foreign-language and after a few days to a week, some thinking in the foreign-language occurs. The down-side to this is that you feel a bit like you're living in a bubble, because you don't get to speak freely (easily) to anyone else while you're in immersion, and it just feels so relieving when you finally get to speak to someone else in your native-language. Good Luck. And if you go travelling to places where that foreign-language is spoken, try not to go with a spouse or friend that only speaks your native-language. They will prevent you from learning the other one. "Also, interestingly enough, most people who grew up with bidets believe the toilet paper only method to be unsanitary whereas those brought up on TP only believe bidets to be inferior." If bidets are inferior to TP, then why should we wash our hands after using the toilet? Surely a wipe over of our hands with a piece of TP would be better. This is a 'joke' (?). The heading: :(){ :|:& };: is a "fork bomb" booby trap. Do NOT enter that set of characters in a CLI. The bright orange ones might be staph. aureus. They'd need to be examined under a microscope to give a better idea of their identity than just the color. There's a difference between being merely colonised and being infected. Meanwhile ground-based missiles have taken out all 4 F-35s. Games are fun, but war is not a game. Write an emulator for an 8-bit Z80 microprocessor and then execute an actual Z80 program. It'll be the 'best thing since sliced bread' until there is a big 'friendly fire' incident. Then the robots will be quietly disabled by the soldiers who might at risk from them. Just like the Windtalkers ended up being more secure for communications than the German super-duper technological Enigma machine. So ZDNET thinks Linux is a good idea, these days? A far cry from its derisive description back in 2001 - "SuSE Linux, Europe's leading distributor of the upstart Linux operating system....." Then again, ZDNET seems to be a ghost of itself these days, in line with its favorite company, Microsoft. When you align yourself with the 'only game in town' you get left out in the cold when the game changes. It's not the height that's the important thing. It's the speed. Even at 20km in the air, you'd still have to accelerate to roughly 7 miles a second, and that takes a lot of fuel. Use whichever works best for a particular variable. If you don't know, you haven't thought about it. An interesting read is "Bare-faced Messiah" - an unauthorised biography of L. Ron Hubbard. They don't know how to move the cursor one word to the right? Very strange. Airports are a good indicator of the health of the country's infrastructure. If the airports are bad, it's very likely that the country's roads and bridges are bad too. If electronics are involved, it will always be hackable. The safest system, with an automatic in-built audit trail, is good old paper and pencil ballots with scrutineers from both/all parties supervising. True believers are also true non-believers. Thus, if you truly believe in the Hindu gods, you can't also believe in the Christian or Muslim god. It then becomes a matter of which set of beliefs you espouse, and why . The 'why' is usually due to imprinting, in that your beliefs are the ones you were first introduced to by your family, or close familiarity. This also means there's is very little difference between (say) a devout Christian and a committed Atheist, because the Atheist disbelieves in just one more god than the devout Christian disbelieves in. (To explain, assume there are 453 possible known deities: the Christian does not believe in 452 of those, while the Atheist does not believe in 453 of those.) Few hearing-aid companies. Highly specialised product. They can charge pretty much what they want. And they do. The retail price has a very sizable level of over-charging built in, and many times the client is talked into a product which is much more costly than the one which is necessary. (The place I worked at many decades ago used to be an agent for one of the major hearing-aid companies.) "Business Insider" says .... All of the "Insider" sites just aren't worth the electrons. Wealth that you can't hold, see or touch is imaginary. Wealth that relies on electricity doesn't really exist in the real world. The population of Puerto Rico is discovering that only physical cash is usable, because the lack of electricity means that the so-called wealth accessible by plastic card is no more available than the surface of the moon. If you're going asking for a 'trick or treat', you have to expect as many 'tricks' as 'treats'. That's part of the 'fun' of it. The donors are not forced to give you 'treats' every time. If you can't accept that, don't go out asking. SCO DELENDA EST. I predict it will be a remake, or a prequel, or a sequel, or a teenage-comic spinoff. In other words, a frothy flick that is meaningless except as a source of teenage-male cash. Rama Absolutely. I used to be a great believer in the Cloud until I ran into file-loss problems with Dropbox while travelling in a foreign country where I had a very small monthly internet allowance (2 gig per month). Since then I have run my own internet file server over the last 5 years. It's not liable to 3rd party terms of use, and it's more secure from unwanted 3rd party access. Australia's house prices are skewed badly by Sydney's house prices. Sydney's is unfortunately roughly one-quarter of the total Australian housing market. Physically, Sydney is a very long narrow strip squeezed between the mountains and the sea. The poulation of Sydney is constantly expanding. To expand the population, you need to build further and further away from the CBD. Eventually, the commute becomes up to four hours per day. Eliminating that commute puts a lot of demand pressure on the inner Sydney suburbs, and consequently extremely high housing prices. Melbourne is not quite as constrained physically, so prices there are about 25% lower. But commute times are rising rapidly. Away from Sydney and Melbourne (where JUST TWO housing markets make up 40% of the Australian housing market) housing prices are much more 'normal'. For a US analogy, imagine if a quarter of all US houses were trying to squeeze into New York. No, no, no. There are dozens of reasons why we shouldn't. The fact that he's come back from the future to ask us to change something means that he wasn't successful. If he'd been successful, he wouldn't have needed to come. Any Turing-machine can emulate any other Turing-machine. Speed?? Well, that's a different matter. Amount of RAM?? That too needs tweaking. All those skills and expertise have been lost in the 45-odd years since anybody used them. The old saying "Use it or lose it." has a good basis in truth. Besides, there isn't any money left. It's all gone on useless wars instead. Why did they change Rama's name? Thanks to Year 12 study of Greek and Latin roots in English, I see cruci (cross), verbal (pertaining to words), ist ('one who') so without needing recourse to a dictionary it's fairly clear that a cruciverbalist is a person who deals with cross-word-puzzles. Good luck with that. All Disney films are really just advertising so that Disney can make a fortune selling merchandise. The 'Star Wars' franchise is one of the best-known and successful merchandising franchises, which is why Disney wanted it badly. Dirt on the camera lens or image-sensor. Nothing to do with batteries. Planned obsolescence. They want you to buy a new iPhone. Next time I'm going to buy a generic smartphone, like a Xiaomi. Too expensive. And it then becomes too costly/inconvenient for the client to use. I discarded my Amex cards years ago, and have refused many bank offers for another Amex card ever since. "I just wish they'd been more transparent " I don't see it as a lack of transparency. That smacks of underhand and fraudulent behaviour. I won't buy another iPhone. In a similar vein, you can no longer move photos from your computer to your iPhone unless you subscribe to the paid Cloud service. iTunes will no longer allow you to do that. But .. but ... bu .. "This time it's different!" Yes, yes. Of course it is. Lots of Europeans use a bidet. It seems to be mainly the Anglophone countries (US, Canada, UK, Australia, New Zealand) that find using water to wash the nether regions as something strange. a concept designed to squeeze out as much cash as possible. The films are merely advertising for the merchandising. That's where the real cash is. Every OS is just one of many. There is NO 'one true way'. So tell me, when is the "Year of the Mercedes Highway" going to happen? The fact that it hasn't happened yet must mean that Mercedes is a failure as an auto company, OR DOES IT? Actually there are many, many Mercedes drivers happily using the highway, just as there are many, many Linux users happily working on their desktops. We've seen the astronomic valuation of worthless objects thing before. As well as the 'This time it's different' fallacy before. I'm talking about the Dot.com boom and bust. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dot-com_bubble You mean like these guys? https://www.civilianexposure.org/enewetak-atoll-marshall-isl... https://dceg.cancer.gov/research/how-we-study/exposure-asses... I have around hundred books to read. Why those hundred? Why not some other hundred? In other words, what is the selection criteria? Is it necessary to read those hundred books? Why? Are they reference books or story-books? If reference books, do you need to read the whole book or just the relevant parts of it? If story-books, what is it you want to discover? The actual story, or the style of writing? Again, do you need to read the whole book or just the relevant parts of it? Does it have to be a physical book you read? Could a summary do? Many books are reduced to a short summary of the storyline in Wikipedia. Could a movie or documentary do? Could an audio-book do? Regarding actual brain-input time. There are lots of times during the day when you have a few minutes available: on public transport; while sitting in the toilet; while relaxing before turning the light off at night; while eating your lunch; reading it off a computer screen; listening to audiobooks while driving, or walking, or resting. Here I was, thinking they might be using an abacus for some reason, only to discover they're talking about a case , not a computer. Wooden cases have been used many times over the years. In fact my first computer back in 1978 had a wooden case: North Star Horizon. S100 bus, Z80, 16K RAM, 90K Floppy. http://www.old-computers.com/history/images/Timeline_10-77_N... Code readability is when you are able to pick up the source of a program that you haven't looked at in 10 years and instantly understand it without having to study it intently. Nothing. Define 'prominent'. Important to you or important to me ? There's no difference between this and the 'pay to play' payments to the Clinton Foundation. "Comments (0) | Add to favourites | Report as malicious " Definitely malicious!! The other annoying thing thing that MSFT does is to label everything with its word-du-jour, so we had all sorts of .NET things, LIVE things, SURFACE things, etc. etc. So we might have 'Aardvark.NET' one day and then it's called 'Aardvark Live' the next. Way to confuse folks unnecessarily, Microsoft! Black hole swallowing a star system. Flashes represent planets/comets/asteroids being swallowed as they circle in. My theory could be the correct one, and maybe not. Lack of single-payer medical services system. Many 'poorer' countries seem to be able to afford single-payer health services, but the US can't? Cui bono. (Follow the Money) A better way of looking at it might be "What proportion of software in daily use" is open-source. Sure there's a lot of proprietary software, but that's not an 'open-closed source' dichotomy where closed-source stuff can be sold for profit, it's a 'public-private' dichotomy instead. That is, Banks will keep their source-code private to prevent other banks from stealing their ideas, for example, and nothing to do with the software itself per-se. You mean like the US nuke subs did 40 years ago? https://www.amazon.com/Blind-Mans-Bluff-Submarine-Espionage/... Yes. But there's a big difference between 'have to' programming, and 'fun' programming. Just like a man who earns his living being an airline pilot might relax by being a train driver with a community's tourist railway at the weekends. You'd probably be able to find lots of musicians who don't particularly enjoy playing their instruments every night. How about all those heavy haulers who pay for your usage of the roads? Most countries have 'socialised roads' and 'socialised healthcare, but the US sees 'socialised roads' as something good but 'socialised healthcare' as something bad. Whereas most other countries, even the so-called 'poor' countries can afford their single-payer 'socialised healhcare', the US finds that too difficult. Allied to the 'profit' reason is that there is nobody strong enough to force a low-enough price for services. Countries with single-payer health schemes usually have the government being both the payer and the designator of service-providers. If your price is too high, then you have several options: Drop your price to be in line with the single-payer's payment level. Lose your designation as a recognized service-provider if you're not going to drop your price. In effect, that takes you out of the common level and into the 'specialized' level of services because you can't compete with other service-providers on price. Leave the industry altogether. At least it's not a mine-shaft gap! Like all other tokens, bitcoin (and also any of its lookalikes) has no intrinsic value at all. It is worth whatever somebody is willing to pay you for it. I am very inclined to call it a Ponzi-style scam, however I have to recognize that as long as there is still currently 'belief in bitcoin', there will actually be somebody who is willing to pay. In Australia alone, there were 300-odd deaths from Dihydrogen Monoxide last year. In some areas there were twice as many deaths as there were from car crashes. They were just the ones who got caught. Truth be told, there is lots of mining going on privately 'at work' in lots of countries all over the world. Much more profitable when 'the boss' has to pay for your electricity. Easy. Follow the Money. Just yet another resource that's being used up. There ain't no such thing as unlimited growth on a finite planet. Add it to the ever-growing list: Water, food, land, fish, oil, etc, etc, etc. Too many people = not enough resources. I spent six years at an all-male boarding school before heading off to university. That meant I was six years behind in my social development with girls. Education is not just academic knowledge. I split files between day-to-day work and/or personal documents in the /home/user directory, and a very large partition dedicated to long-term storage which is subdivided again into various media subdirectories and/or other archived files. Long-term storage is made up of things which have to be kept, but are not written on a daily basis - so that includes stuff like media, computer program archives, archived backups, etc. Daily backups apart from /home/user include enough information to restore the system within an hour or so in case of a system crash: so /etc/, /usr/local, list of installed packages, website, mysql databases. The total personal storage in /home/user usually varies around 10 gigs which is backed up daily as a single unit. The total long-term storage is currently around 3 terabytes, this also is backed-up daily (to 2 backup disks) but using rsync so that only actual daily changes are copied. When stuff needs a date, the date is done in reverse order using only 6 digits: YYMMDD. This sorts automatically by date. The archive partition is called /a. It has these subdirectories: audio_music audio_other BAK BAK_MONTHLY calibre comp git info jvs_docs_monthly mail_archive medical photo print travel VDI video xs Each of these are subdivided further - examples: /a/audio_music/bands/pink_floyd-dark_side_of_the_moon/dark_side_of_the_moon_03_time.flac /a/calibre/fiction_collection/Dillinger/Jack Higgins - Dillinger (1350)/Jack Higgins - Dillinger - Dillinger.mobi /a/comp/manuals/programming/ucsd-pascal-ii.0-user-manual-reconstruct.pdf /a/comp/os/linux/pkgs/virtualbox-5.0_5.0.26-108824-ubuntu-trusty_amd64.deb /a/photo/canon_2003/img_1235.jpg /a/print/magazines/byte/1988-vol_13/198803_byte_magazine_march_1988.pdf /a/travel/france-2011/europe2011-docs/travel/dubai_xfers_and_accommodation-nov11.pdf /a/VDI/Windows7Laptop/win7-50gb.vdi /a/video/doco/war/barbarossa1-politics_of_fear.flv /a/video/music/vocal_male/elton_john-greatest_hits/216_elton_john-written_in_the_stars_ft.leann_rimes.mp4 /a/xs/aseries/A050_nse_080513/nse-30/Disks/qd/games8 The Philippines, eh? So that makes the Vatican having legal divorce too. Strictly speaking, they can. The period occurs at the end of a cycle, so it's possible to get pregnant on your very first cycle without ever having had a period. The likelihood of this happening is extremely low of course. And also, many drugs are available as far cheaper generics instead of paying a premium for a 'famous' brand of the drug. For instance, I paid recently $8.45 for 30 atorvastatin 40mg tablets. Ten years ago 30 tablets of the 'Lipitor' brand of these would have cost around $70 before price-competition from generic drug companies. What is really laughable is when the parent company with the patent on a drug keeps the 'famous' brand at high cost, and brings out their own 'generic' brand (exactly the same formulation) at a much lower cost. Games drug companies can play!! "Very loud" In other words, the bones could have belonged to any one of millions of other people the same size as Amelia Earhart. I nominate my Aunt Olga as the person who died on that island. (Just as possible, just as likely as Amelia Earhart) MIGHT belong. No definite proof at all. In truth: PROBABLY DON'T Apparently the scientists have just invented a new, revolutionary device that "wakes you up every single day at your selected time". They have called it an 'alarm clock'. The only time I use Stack Overflow these days is when Google takes me directly to a single question and answer. Way back when SO was new, I actually had quite a few karma points from my answers. I stopped going there/using it/answering questions when I was being denigrated for doing so by some elitist dickheads. I continue to deliberately stay away. Having all your stuff in the cloud means you MUST have cheap, fast, reliable, secure, private internet service providers and huge quotas. Without any of those criteria, you are better off keeping all your stuff in-house. I was an early believer in the wonderfulness of the cloud. But bitter experience has made me think otherwise. Zinc. Sufficient intake daily. Don't helicopter kids. Let them free to do things that aren't too clean like exploring creeks or rummaging in the dirt, or forgetting to wash food, or even eating food off the floor, or not washing their hands after touching animals. They also need to eat things like nuts, or other strange or unusual things from an early age. No. In fact PDF's are taking over from the previously ubiquitous Microsoft-only formats. Not everybody can run Microsoft software. If you want to be certain that people can read your document, send it as a PDF. Which is only natural for a "PORTABLE Document Format". A real God would have told him he needs hundreds of private planes, not a mere four. Yarghh! That reminds me of 'downloading programs from computer magazines' back in the 80s by entering hexadecimal numbers into RAM locations while trying to read memory dumps printed in smudgy, miniscule fonts on low-quality paper. Once upon a time I used to use Microsoft's Office Suite. These days I find that Libre Office is "perfectly good enough" for me with the amount of usage I do. That may not be enough for many people but I find the price ($0) "perfectly good enough" also. Forbes is for 'Wall Street Wannabees' who cream their jeans over concepts like 'Marketing Share'. Open Source enthusiasts and/or programmers don't give two hoots about 'market share' or 'user adoption'. As long as it's there for them to use, that's all that is necessary. There used to be the derogatory question "When is it going to be the 'Year of the Linux Desktop'?" until the Linux-based Android monopolised the smartphone market. One could just as well ask "When is it going to be the 'Year of the Mercedes on the Roads'?" except that people know that it's always the year of the Mercedes on the Roads, even if most people buy a Ford, GM or Chrysler. We can fly to space (as in height above the Earth) with a helicopter, but we need speed to remain in orbit without an engine to maintain lift. In other words, switch off that helicopter's engine and it will fall like a brick if it doesn't have sufficient orbital speed. A space force without a way of getting men into space? It's not just Russians who don't smile without reason. The French work this way too, hence what is often called 'the undertaker face'. If you get a smile from a French person (or a Russian) it's because you have earned it. From "French or Foe" by Polly Platt ( http://www.pollyplatt.com/pages/frenchfoe.htm ) Learn The Six Codes, including the Magic Words, for dealing with the French: 1. Don't smile! 2. Flirt! 3. Use the Ten Magic Words! 4. Add "Monsieur" or "Madame" after "bonjour," "au revoir," etc. 5. Shake hands! 6. Watch out at the door! For what it's worth, some manufacturers (e.g: Lenovo) will describe a 'standard' machine and then allow you to customise it with different options like bigger RAM, better CPU, different video card, etc, etc, etc. That might be a better route for you. After all, only you can make the right choices based on your optimal needs. It takes a little more research to start with, in that you have to organise in your own head what it is you're looking for. Then see which of the alternative options will work out to be best for you. Would you believe I'm still using as my 'away from home travel machine' a Lenovo T410S that I ordered with my personal choice of options EIGHT years ago? The only upgrade I have done to it was to increase the hard drive capacity from 500gig to 2000gig. Then again, maybe women are too valuable to waste on mere coding. "- clothes driers: vent outside on hot days, and on warm days ... send the exhaust through an indoor heat-exchanger before venting." We live in the tropics and do not have anywhere to hang clothing to dry. We use a heat-pump dryer which heats the air on the 'hot' side then through the clothes and then circulates the now-moist air through the 'cold' side which removes the excess heat and condenses the water vapour. The same air then goes through the cycle all over again. That means no huge amount of hot, wet air escaping into an already hot house which needs to be either vented or cooled. And because the energy used in heating the air is not thrown away by venting it, but is recaptured by the 'cold' side, the dryer is cheaper to run. Novichok is the most ineffective 'military-grade nerve agent' ever produced. 5 known victims, 5 survivors who have lived more than several days. When something takes this long (26 years so far) to put into service, it's already obsolete before it gets used. A bit like flying a Sopwith Camel (1916) against a Fock-Wulf 190 (1941). It's no use your weapons having a 20:1 kill ratio if they're so expensive that the enemy finds it better/cheaper/easier/faster to throw 21 'good enough' weapons at them. The US is falling into the German WW2 trap of having the 'best technological' weapons that are so expensive that only a few can be built. In WW2 both the US and the Soviets swamped the Germans with huge numbers of 'good enough' weapons. Sometimes on the East Front the Germans had a handful of extremely good Tiger tanks which had no hope at all against hundreds of T34s. And the same thing happened in Normandy against the Shermans. What if you own both an Iphone and an Android phone? I thank Lady Luck that I live in a country with a single-payer system, and health insurance for 'extras'. Some years back I found I required an urgent triple-bypass following a routine cardiac angiogram. 14 days later I had the triple bypass followed by 2 days in intensive-care. Cost: NIL. I then had 5 days post-op in a one-bed private room. That was followed by six weekly Cardiac Rehab sessions. Both of these were covered by my health insurance. Out-of-pocket: NIL I suspect that Elon's whole magnificent house of cards (Tesla, Spacex, Hyperloop, Mars) is about to spectacularly collapse. That's why he's overly twitchy. "there are literally no empty parking spots (and several others are driving around the parking lot" Apparently, it's more efficient to stop and wait for a space. If the place is as busy as that, there will be somebody leaving in a few minutes. And that space is yours to take. Me? I usually drive around, looking. Medical science in Science-Fiction has progressed so much that requiring a wheelchair is as likely as rubbing two sticks together for producing energy. And stairs are always much more pleasant than ramps, so will be around long after ramps have been relegated to the realm of buggy-whips. Have you looked at the power-save settings in Control Panel? I remember a time when roughly 90% of internet users thought the World Wide Web was the Internet. So Microsoft does one good thing and that is supposed to absolve them from all previous underhand trickery? Very unlikely. Trust has to be earned. It takes a long time to build, a moment to destroy. Microsoft has a lot more building to do. That's one of the strange ones to me: I read somewhere on the web just once that one guy pronounced it 'squeal' - one syllable. It was instantly burned into my brain. 'Mysql' is thus 'my-squeal'. Definitely daily sex. Sounds a very reasonable price. I was an early adopter of Dropbox. However, I found that Dropbox's high usage of bandwidth precluded its use when I spent several months of 2011 in Europe with only a sparse 2 gig PER MONTH internet allowance. I ended up by installing my own internet-accessible file-server. This also had the advantage that my data wasn't being controlled by an external entity with dubious privacy concerns. To prevent examination of secret stuff like surveillance, backdoors, etc. "If you don't know what the product is, the product is you." It's Microsoft. They been doing this sort of thing for at least 25 years. They haven't changed, even if they've fooled some people. It's part of their DNA. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AARD_code While there may be a job going, I don't want the work. But I used to like COBOL a lot. It was easy to pick up a program that you had written years and years before and be able to understand it completely. Self-documenting. I was never really able to do that with BASIC, C, assembly, Pascal or several other languages that I hadn't even looked at for many years. Once upon a time, you were only able to have a stable relationship if you were married. A stable relationship being distinguished as being emotional rather than purely physical or economic or very short-term (one-night stands). That all changed around the 1960s when it became common for people to live together even if unmarried leading to fewer recorded marriages. Many unmarried people can and have maintained stable relationships for decades. Obviously, if there are less official marriages occurring, the number of divorces will also fall. That's purely a semantic distinction, and actually quite meaningless. A better study would be to find the ratio between the total number of stable relationships (married or not being irrelevant) and the number of those which breakup. What is the number of stable relationships? How many of those are breaking down? What is the ratio of the breakdowns to those which remain stable? Does that ratio agree or not with the current divorce-ratio? 'the next logical step in its increasing embrace of Linux ...' My thoughts? "Embrace, Extend, Extinguish" is still Microsoft's Mantra. "outsold" ?? Does that include actual deliveries? Let's face it. Does it really make a difference whether we vote for Tweedledum or we vote for Tweedledee? Or, as the wisecrack says: "If voting really made a difference, they wouldn't let us do it." The Millennials are just refusing to waste their time, angst and effort on such a useless activity as voting. So tell me, what real differences were there between the Bush years, the Obama years and the Trump years on the US foreign policies, the financial policies, the social-structure policies, and the infrastructure-maintenance policies? We can't even terraform Earth enough to reduce the level of CO2 in the air, so terraforming another planet? The answer is 'NO'. Move to somewhere that has warmth and blue skies. The blue skies help more than the warmth, so if you have to choose between them, take the blue skies. I feel much better, and I have fewer chest problems. Gun. Foot. Bang. Wordstar clone. (Frightening, isn't it? That's what happens when key-sequences get imprinted.) Neither: "Squeal" Which I found a while back, somewhere or other on the web. I would guess that you're spending a lot of time, angst and money on your 'image': flash watch, flash clothes, flash car, flash house. That's just normal for the "newly minted .... wealthy." People who are born to money never need to display it. They have the quiet confidence that it's there when they want to use it, and never need to 'prove something'. So their clothes are very often not flash, and maybe even a good brand that was picked up cheap at a Goodwill Store. They might drive a good but quite old car that isn't/wasn't 'top of range' like maybe a 5-year-old Mercedes C-class. Why have an extra-expensive sports car? The C-Class is good enough for local driving up to say 300 miles. Anything further and you travel by air and very probably in Business Class. I have an 8-year-old ThinkPad i5 T410S, since 2010. I tried to replace it in 2012 with an Asus Zenbook but that was not pleasing to me with its flimsiness in keyboard and build-construction. I would like to perhaps buy a later ThinkPad model, but I really don't see any advantage whatsoever in doing so. My T410S was ordered with the extra-large battery which is still going strong, and I swapped out the 500gig hard drive for a 2000gig hard drive about 5 years back. That's just standard Corporate/Capitalist economics. Fewer filesystems supported -> lower support costs. Lower support costs -> bigger profit. There are very, very few 32-bit machines left, so I don't think this will be at all an important problem, and more or less 'a non-event', just like the Y2K Bug. Backup, wipe the disk, and revert to your old Windows 7 recovery disks. I have steadfastly resisted any 'upgrade' of the Windows 7 in my trusty 8-year-old Lenovo T410S. Mind you, 98% of the time I am running Mint Linux flawlessly. 20 years in the future?? I venture to say it will be less than 2 years. Then again, it could have been a cream-filled doughnut. (Which would have been slightly more likely than an alien craft.) "Expect and hope to see significant jail time for those involved." Very unlikely. Boeing has billions of dollars and able to afford lots of lawyers. Reminds me of those people who looked at Model-Ts which were bogged in the non-existent roads of the time and derisively called out 'Get a Horse!". My Year of the Unix Desktop was 1991. My Year of the Linux Desktop was 2001. I never had a Year of the Windows Desktop. I've had a Linux Desktop since 2001. [And a Unix Desktop before that since 1991.] What the world chooses to do on its desktop is the world's business. Incidentally, I had a EEE-PC 901 Linux laptop in 2011, upgraded to 128 MB SSD. I found it was very handy and light, but it wasn't anywhere near as pleasant to use as my Lenovo ThinkPad. Disclaimer: All the figures need to be looked at to make a reasonable judgement as to whether "Chicago lost Amazon" or not. Is it really a loss? Maybe having a large company like Amazon is not the 'gain' that it appears to be. The city has to provide tax breaks, supply transport infrastructure, house and land infrastructure, water infrastructure, education and health infrastructure to entities like Amazon. What's the bottom line for the city? Is it a gain and increased city income? Or is it a loss and drain on scarce city resources? Like staging the Olympic Games, what looks to be a benefit to the city may end up being a costly affliction. More and more cities are beginning to say 'No, Thanks' as the huge costs and social disruption of staging the Olympics become more trouble than it's worth. NO. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betteridge%27s_law_of_headline... More shoes than that. What happens when the electricity supply is non-existent for weeks or even months? What happened in Puerto Rico and in New Orleans? No electricity = no money. I wonder why we don't use vacuum freeze-drying of clothes. Protection for US 5G Corporations to allow them to catch up. Then there's the other side of the coin. The Chinese boycotting of US Corporations. China alone has more population and manufacturing than the US and EU combined. Does the West really want to lose a market that's 20% of the whole world? Probably not. "Trade Wars are good and easy to win." /s I remember typing in huge hex data dumps that were printed with smudgy ink on poor quality paper in those early magazines. Sometimes we didn't make a lot of mistakes. We were dedicated to our hobby, that's for sure. Spin those questions around to ones that are more familiar to Westerners. "Why has Jack Ma joined the Freemasons? What benefit does it convey, and what constraints does it induce?" The reasons are very likely in both situations that having an 'in' with some particular powerful group is very good for your cash-flow. Undersea landslide? Drink water while drinking alcoholic drinks and then afterwards before bedtime. Also have antacids. Alcohol -> acetaldehyde -> acetic acid. Antacid neutralyses the acid. Alcohol dehydrates the body leading to electrolyte imbalance. Drinking water between your brandies and afterwards prevents that dehydration. Too soon to make definitive statements on what happened. I see the US going ahead with 25% tariffs, no matter that there is supposed to be a "truce". I see China continuing to do things that upset the Americans. I don't see the 'truce' as producing anything at all bar a press release. Not dead. Just irrelevant and/or non-essential. Microsoft is to computing as Ford is to automobiles. Both are still there if you want them to be your choice, but by the same token, if you don't need them in your life, they aren't forced upon you. Me? I haven't owned a Ford since 1985. I switched to Unix/Linux in 1991. Things can get very messy. If the relationship goes bad, one or other of you will have to leave. Been there, done that. It's not good, especially in a workplace that has less than half a dozen people, and it's impossible to avoid seeing the other one all day long. Having said that, there is the situation where the workplace is pretty large and the two of you are in (or can move to) different departments. That can work quite well because you don't meet or see each other every five minutes. Been there, done that too. We're still together after 30 years. Bitcoin (and all the rest) have no intrinsic worth, being merely a series of numbers. True wealth does not rely on having 'notional' value, but on reality. Thus a rentable property is "real" estate. A ton of iron ore, a ton of titanium, and similar things have "real" value. If there was anything that scared the US Navy in 1944-45, it was the kamikazes. The only way to stop them was an effective hit causing destruction. They weren't able to be frightened off. We have kamikazes in today's world that should, but don't appear to, frighten the US Navy. An anti-ship missile is a kamikaze with a man's brain replaced by a few ounces of electronics. There's a reason that England has long been known as "Perfidious Albion". Who needs a war? Taiwan and China will eventually merge without a murmur. More like Germany did than Vietnam. Pell is involved in two separate trials. Until the second trial is completed, the gag suppresses news on the verdict in the first trial. Without the gag, it's very unlikely that it would possible to obtain a conviction against Pell in the second trial. Once the second trial is over, both verdicts are able to be discussed and circulated as news. I bought what seemed to be overstock or maybe it was just being remaindered in a 50%-off Uni Bookshop sale about 20 years ago. It's a tiny (80 page) little book called "Managing Projects with make" by Steve Talbot and printed by O'Reilly and Associates. Most of what I know about 'make' I learned from this book. I suggested on Mini-Microsoft about 10 years ago that Microsoft do an 'Apple'. Apple took a free OS from BSD and put their own GUI over the top of it. I suggested that MSFT do the same sort of thing, that being to put their Windows GUI on top of the Linux OS instead of using the Linux X11 GUIs. This had the advantage that the underlying OS base would no longer need maintaining by Microsoft, and all their coding efforts could be allocated to the Windows GUI, thus permitting Windows versions to be released far more often than every 5 years as was the case back then. Being full of Softies, the crowd on Mini-Microsoft dismissed my suggestion out of hand, it being sacrilege of course to even think of marrying the 'upstart' Linux with the 'sacred' Windows code. Naturally, today I am smiling to myself that MSFT could have taken my idea and run with it, but were too hidebound to do so and have lost 10 years in the process. Not a good title for Australian eyes. That translates to "Ubuntu running on fucked/destroyed Tesla Model 3". China today is in the position that the US was in 1942 - it possesses the world's greatest manufacturing capacity. That alone can be a war-winner. But China also possesses the world's greatest source of military-age men. The US thinks that the best technology trumps the greatest manufacturing capacity. That's the same mistake that Germany made in WW2. It doesn't matter if your weapons have kill ratio of 100:1 if your opponent can throw 101 weapons at them. An excellent filesystem. I've already reduced my storage capacity by 73%. Keep me informed of any upgrades in future. When the Clipper fiasco happened in the States about 30 years ago, it didn't take long before the US started being left behind in crypto work by the rest of the world, especially by open-source crypto like PGP. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clipper_chip Never put your data (or any other valuables, for that matter) in danger by entrusting it to some 3rd-party organisation. If you don't have it in your actual possession, you don't own it at all. I no longer use The Cloud as a storage medium. I have a personal server which stores all my data 'at home' where some other party can't make arbitrary decisions about it, or put it in a position where it can be easily lost. Bitches ?? My personal opinion is that the so-called 'sonic attacks' are actually work-related injuries caused by something being used WITHIN the US diplomatic missions. The finger has been pointed both at sound weapons and at microwave weapons, but nothing external to the diplomatic missions has been detectable. Hardly the situation if the weapons are as powerful as has been described. If Bloomberg is this ignorant about intergalactic distances, just imagine how accurate their financial advice is. For area, the change in size is the square of the old:new ratio. Two dimensions, so X * X For volume, the change in size is the cube of the old:new ratio. Three dimensions, so X * X * X Our technology only lets us hear, speak or detect stuff that's within just a few light years. Our galaxy is tens of thousands of light-years across. In earthly terms that's like saying "I walked to the end of the street and didn't find any Eskimos. So there's no such people." There could be hundreds, thousands, or even millions of alien planets within our own galaxy but we are unable to detect them, and so they might as well not exist at all. My first 'windowing system' was actually AT & T UNIX. So I was already in the Unix/Linux windowing space before MSFT Windows 3.0 was released. My first reaction to Windows 3.0 and 3.1 was horror. It was so primitive and so far behind the X11 Windowing System that I was never able to accept Windows as a personal system, but only used it when forced to at various work-places. I used UNIX with X11 (AT&T, USL, then Solaris) solely as my personal system until 2001 when I changed to using Linux. I could be considered as a techy, but was never a true computing/programming professional. "Stop using unportable sed/awk/readline/sh/ksh/csh black magic." Anybody considering those tools to be 'black magic' is very likely to be a non-unix person. There are several quotes for the benefit of people like that: "Contrary to popular belief, Unix is user friendly. It just happens to be very selective about who it decides to make friends with. -- unknown" "Those who do not understand UNIX are condemned to reinvent it, poorly. -- Henry Spencer, programmer" Meanwhile Tesla's countersuit alleges that the families of teens killed in a 116mph Tesla crash make unsafe teenagers. I remember when I was very young, back around 1960, that I said it was very likely that we'd have space stations, rockets to the moon, hand-held computers and excellent robots. But the one thing we'd never ever have, because of the Inverse Cube Law, was any sort of Ray Gun. Just to spite me, I'm sure, that was the very first of many Sci-Fi predictions that became reality for me. I read a write-up on lasers in Popular Electronics as early as 1963. Popular Electronics, July 1963 "Lasers -- The Light Fantastic" Where do you think Soylent Green comes from? Incidentally, 2022 is not very far away at all. Throw away the numbers. Base your intake on frequency and color of urine, with the emphasis on urine color. Try to achieve a pale, almost colorless urine. I'm about two weeks in from quitting reddit completely. A. I have so much more time available. B. I have never been so productive. One programming project that had been languishing for months has progressed from 'hopeless case' to 'aha!' to 'plain sailing'. C. Those extraneous matters raised by reddit topics aren't cluttering up my brain. Always be aware of where the Sun is: how high in the sky, and in which direction.The Sun will always tell you where North (or South) is. It becomes so ingrained that North is always automatically known. Yes some days are cloudier than others, but the direction of the brightest light can be ascertained at many times during the day. Do the same at night with a few favorite stars/constellations. NOTE: The directions below are for the Southern Hemisphere, adjust accordingly for the Northern Hemisphere. In the morning the Sun will lie east (right) of North and be lower in the sky. At midday, the Sun will be high in the sky and more or less directly North. In the afternoon the Sun will be west (left) of North and lower in the sky. LOL. Follow the money. People only want a change if it benefits them in some way. Who hated Network Neutrality? What was in it for them? Call me 'old and cynical' if you like. The older I have become, the more cynical I have become. It was warranted. That's the expansion works at the secret Nazi Base in Antarctica. https://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/antarctica/antartica24.ht... It's not. It's six years. (Years seven to twelve. After that comes University.) Wireless-controlled shopping trolleys (that put the brakes on if they're taken outside the supermarket's property) causing radio interference? That would be expected. There isn't any energy reflected off the Earth on that far side There's been a demonstration of evolution in real-time that's been around for over 60 years. And it affects every one of us. Every modern strain of bacteria shows antibiotic-resistance. That has evolved due to natural-selection of just a few individual bacteria who happened to have a natural resistance. They bred and generated trillions of successors, while their non-antibiotic-resistant companions died out. Mint Mate If you can't see it, touch it, or control it, it's not yours. (Put another way, if it's not real it doesn't exist.) I cut all my dealings with reddit about a month ago. It's amazing the amount of time I have regained, apart from a complete change in how I use the Web. How did that come about? I'll tell you. It's quite a strange tale. One day, I happened to go to reddit's front page. It was accidental, I usually only visited a tight selection of my subscribed subreddits, and had done for about 10 years. On that front page was a thumbnail of a piece of medical equipment being used. Being from a medical background, I clicked on that picture and confirmed that it was indeed an ancient piece of equipment, and still in use today. So I commented 'I haven't seen one of those for 50 years!'. And that was that. No big deal, hey? Then, a little later, I received a message saying that I had been banned(!) from some never-previously-heard-of subreddit for 'participating' in the 'the donald' subreddit. HUH?? WHA?? So I looked back through my history and discovered that the medical equipment photo had been a posting on 'the donald'. I had been banned from some other third-party subreddit for merely commenting on a piece of medical equipment. When I posted about this weird occurrence on the 'collapse' subreddit, my post was censored. It was disappeared without trace in less than an hour. So that's why I now have more free time than I have had for years, and why I have expunged all trace of reddit from my bookmark list. That's how felt about my 8080 disassembler written in COBOL back in the 80s. Definitely in the order that they were written. Afterthought sequels and prequels never fit properly into the original sequences. If you like I'll post the code. Only 35 years ago. A few lines from the beginning .... 000010* This program is written in NEVADA COBOL . 000020 000030 IDENTIFICATION DIVISION. 000040 000050 PROGRAM-ID. JACKS-DISASSEMBLER. 000080* Version Number 1.0 000100 000110* AUTHOR. simonblack. 000120 000130* INSTALLATION. Giacomo Software, P.O. Box 584, Hamilton, 3300 000140 000150 DATE-WRITTEN. 29 MARCH 1984. 000160 000170 * 000180* THIS PROGRAM PREPARES * 000190* AND DISASSEMBLES INTERMEDIATE PSEUDO-CODE FILES * 000200* INTO 8080 ASSEMBLY LANGUAGE. * 000210* * 000220 * 000230 000240 ENVIRONMENT DIVISION. 000250 000260 CONFIGURATION SECTION. 000270 SOURCE-COMPUTER. 000280 CPZ-48000-SBC. > wc /a/comp/development-jvs/cobol-150623/crak80.cbl 293 1121 10002 /a/comp/development-jvs/cobol-150623/crak80.cbl > Nobody bothers about the 8080 these days. If it had been a disassembler for the Z80, it might be a different matter. But there's dozens of those around, and written in C to boot. Anti-vaxxers could be accurately considered to be retrospective Darwin Awards contestants. Doing their best to remove those genes that they have already contributed to the human gene pool. I went the other way. I started programming in assembly for the 8080, Z80, and MSDOS. When I hit later multi-user operating systems Like UNIX, Linux and Windows I discovered that I wasn't able to access the bare-metal like I was used-to previously. That's when I started using slightly higher-level languages like C, etc. My suggestion: Pick a fairly simple 8-bit CPU like the 8080/Z80 to start with. Find a CP/M emulator. CP/M has several different assemblers ranging from the simple ASM to a macro-assembler MAC to a relocatable macro-assembler M80. You will find lots of small programs on the CP/M archive sites to pull apart, play with or re-write. Then progress to 16-bit assembly under MSDOS. Once again, there are plenty of websites with ASM files to look at, analyse and rewrite. After that, you should have a good idea yourself as where you should need to go next. > The everyday consumer did not have access to the Internet until the 90's I remember a day in the very early 90s when another node in our UUCP email system told the rest of us that he'd heard that there were now a million computers on the Net. We were gobsmacked. A whole million! Now an extra million or two computers is mere noise-levels. No backup? With a proper backup, it should be capable of a complete system wipe and restore within several hours. And that's a lot faster, cheaper and simpler than having to deal with random cyber terrorists (or a catastrophic system breakdown due to electricity supply surges). > It's become so ubiquitous that the nerds have started complaining about how the tourists have ruined it. 1993. The year of Eternal September https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eternal_September Yes. We'll try that for a while. Like centralised computing-power and peripheral displays, centralised storage is highly dependent on the network always being up. Without the network there's no storage, so no data, no apps, no work. Whether the networks can be dependable enough is the critical factor. I think that it won't be dependable enough. When companies lose millions due to an unexpected network outage, they will soon come back to insisting on local storage. "the world's largest importer of oil, 43% of it coming from the gulf in big slow tankers." The Middle-East's oil and the factories in China are all on the same land-mass. They don't need sea transport, that's just more convenient/cheaper for China at present. Landing any plane is more difficult than taking off. Taking off is mainly a function of airspeed only. Landing is a delicate balance of: airspeed, rate-of-descent and the associated engine power, attitude of the aircraft, and 'eye'. If I don't see a known number or known contact when the phone rings, I let it go to VoiceMail. I have an answering message for VoiceMail that contains two things: the tones that signify "this number not in use" and the terse 'leave a message'. The tones kill off the autodiallers that most scam/cold-call diallers use. The 'leave a message' is for the few real people that are on the other end of the line. Anybody who doesn't leave a message will be ignored, and only the (very few) voicemails that I select to answer will be followed through. Australia. Triple bypass surgery. $0.00 Why do I feel things are getting as ridiculous as 'The Reds Under The Beds' stupidity? We've learned that the 'little white chips' story was bullshit. Now we target power cords. If we're really afraid as all that, we should not be importing ANY of our stuff from abroad. The dumbed-down West is in terminal decline. We don't have long to go. I tend to call them "Retropective Darwin Awards Contestants". Doing their best to remove the genes that they have already placed in the human gene pool. The most important habit I have carried since my COBOL days is the need to always use self-descriptive variable names. Herewith, some recent variable mouthfuls: char machine_prom_name_string[TERM_WIDTH_WIDE]; int memory_mapping_register[4]; int timer_interrupt_active=0; WORD floppy_controller_clock=0; BYTE four_key_reset_enable_flag; XColor yellow, green; Oh, and just to reinforce other people: Comments are there to explain WHY. Won't those tissues spread more than one disease? polyvalent vaccine - much the same as 'Triple Antigen' which used to combine diphtheria, tetanus and whooping cough vaccines. I initially laughed at this - it's definitely a money making scam - but it has a hidden basis of truth. It's certainly not a lot different really from fecal/faecal transplants. Possibly a reference to the fictional 'vampires can only be killed if they're shot by a silver bullet' as normal lead bullets presumably aren't effective. Likewise, it must be a 'wooden' stake through the heart. Etc, etc. More or less it implies that there is only one effective solution to a problem, and that is what must be used if you want the problem to go away. Possible in the next 50 years, but highly unlikely. We might get a few people to land, and maybe return if we're lucky, but that's about it. Nobody currently has the spare cash to outlay the horrific expenses. (The US has 24 trillion in debts, China is still in the growth phase and unlikely to have the spare readies for a century or so. Nobody else can come close.) There's an old saying about lending money: "Never lend anybody money if you're not prepared to lose it." Similarly: "Never store anything of value in somebody else's keeping if you're not prepared to lose it." That means files, money, jewellery, your spouse, etc, etc, etc. " ... , then they fight you. Then you win." - Mahatma Gandhi Not so. There are three phases in the life of a nuclear power station: Construction, operation and disposal. The construction phase is relatively expensive and clean. The operation phase is cheap and clean. This phase is what most people think of when they look at the benefits of nuclear power. The dismantlement and disposal phase of a nuclear power station is marked by horrifically expensive and horrifically 'dirty' problems. The words 'Chernobyl' and 'Fukushima' spring readily to mind here, in looking at 'worst-case' scenarios. Once upon a time it was a mark of pride to have a long uptime. My record was six months plus one day. Why did I reboot? Because I needed to upgrade my system. Then I realised that big uptimes were a bad sign, that they signified a system that hadn't been kept up to date and was vulnerable. mint mate clean and spartan I don't know what he's so concerned about. He knows as well as the the rest of us that "If you've got nothing to hide, you've got nothing to worry about." The word 'hackers' implies evil-doing. I'd be more inclined to use something like 'stress-testers' that signifies somebody finding the limits of the car's safety abilities. If three small markers are sufficient to interfere with a car's autopilot, that's one car I will never get into. And I want to be 35 again. Both of those things are not going to happen. The technology, funding, and skills required no longer exist. The US would have to move the whole defense budget to NASA to secure enough funding, and there is not the reservoir of skills in manufacturing or piloting that once existed. As proof, I give you the fact that the US has not been able to send astronauts to the ISS without Russian assistance in the last 8 years since the space-shuttle was discarded. (Plenty of time to build a new, temporary space-shuttle if the ability still existed.) As well, there is not enough time available between now and 2033 to build the entire space-technology industries from scratch to full production. Neither 'digital' nor 'standard analog', both of which allow one to almost mindlessly ascertain what time it is. I see this item as basically very expensive and 'exclusive' jewelry; OK if you feel you can afford 'something different'. Let's get away from the 'prestige value' of a carrier and look at it more dispassionately. Why did the carrier displace the battleship? The battleship had the ability, with its guns, to throw explosives at a target up to a few tens of miles away. On the other hand, a carrier, with its aircraft, could throw explosives at a target up to a few hundreds of miles away. Without its planes, an aircraft carrier is practically useless. Why do we persist in building carriers? When we now have ships (even freighters!) capable of carrying missiles which can throw explosives at targets up to a few thousand miles away, a carrier is a wasteful use of resources. Any job that needs to be done once a month at least, or more often than that, should be organised into a script. Any job that is too complex to rely on the user's memory, should be organised into a script. Examples: all cron jobs, all daily jobs like backups and rsyncing file-storage. (Mind you, there's a lot of overlap in those two categories.) Other examples: rebuilding a new system by automating the selection and installation of wanted packages instead of doing that by hand; mounting specific filesystems from a variety of places like other hosts on the internet, or specific storage devices, at prespecified mountpoints; fixing problems that crop up periodically in the system; converting a whole bunch of media files from one format to another, especially where there are zillions of options for that conversion software; etc, etc, etc, Think of scripts as a way to 'set and forget', or a way to save you the trouble of working out how to fix a problem more than once, or a way to improve your cron jobs. (did you know you can improve many cron jobs by the mere expedient of setting the cron-job environment variables? Then you can use the exact same script as a normal CLI script or as a cron job with the script knowing how it was launched and behaving differently to suit.) Mint 19.1 Mate Mint Mate. It's spartan, but it just works. Why would you bother to switch somebody else to using Linux? That's akin to trying to switch everybody to driving a BMW. It's not going to happen. Some people don't have the time, money, inclination or knowledge to invest in driving BMWs. Likewise, some people don't have the time, money, inclination or knowledge to invest in using Linux. The old joke about "When is it going to be the year of the Linux Desktop" is about as relevant as asking "When is it going to be the year of BMW on the road?" As long as I can drive my Benz and use Linux on my desktop(s), I don't care what the next guy chooses to be happy with. It only sends a 'signal' if you don't believe that aircraft-carrying ships are as obsolete as the gun-carrying ships they displaced nearly a century ago. Aircraft-carrying ships are so passé in today's world of missile-carrying ships. Pick as broad a range of news outlets as you can. That includes Western outlets (BBC, Guardian,ABC, NewsCorp), Russian outlets (RT), Middle Eastern outlets(Al Jazeera, Press TV), Asian outlets (Asia Times, Global Times). With such a broad coverage, the biases tend to cancel out and you get a better perspective on the real news. Nothing is perfect however, but eventually you get a 'feel' for which outlets are generally more truthful, more often, than others. A very smart and lucrative policy in good business: "Never turn away a paying customer". Seems Amazon wants give AliBaba most of its customers. If you don't mind, I think I'll wait for at least one or two years before I do any flights on a 737 MAX plane. Just in case this fix is no better than the last "fix". scan them. They don't take up very much space at all as .pdf files. An advantage is that they can be donated either as printed, or as scanned, to one or more of the archive sites. Ensure that there are enough dots/inch when scanned so the text is easily read. both. If it doesn't need to be 'crisp' then a microwave is good enough. Other wise the oven is slower but better. With both methods, the various technique(s) used can make a lot of difference to the final palatability of the end product. 80.2% of developers surveyed said that they code as a hobby. As do I. My projects are generally one-off emulators of various 1970s-1980s 'home computers' and of interest only to myself and, very likely, no more than one or two other people in the world. I venture to say that most of us 'hobbyists' are also working on singular niche projects. Clipper was a disaster (what? 30 years ago?) but we continually have idiot governments still persisting in trying to make square wheels. Unix predates 'objects' by about 20 years. But hey, we don't have to restrict ourselves to a 1970s operating system forever. Producing one where everything is an object is your own personal chance for fame. The American Manhattan Project came about because Germany forced a lot of Jewish scientists out of their research jobs in the thirties. Those scientists moved to the States, which was America's gain and Germany's loss when lots of Weapons Research happened during the forties. America seems determined to lose out when Chinese scientists are barred from US jobs, or when Chinese space engineers are refused any interaction with NASA. Things are still the same today in both West and East. Seems that tests for heroin will show a positive if you eat enough poppy-seeds on your bread loaves. Call me skeptical, if you like. Fusion Power has always been 'about 20 years away' for the last seventy years. I won't be around then, but I foresee somebody still saying "Fusion Power about 20 years away' in another seventy years' time. Set up your phone such that when you don't answer a call from a number you don't recognise, it will go to voicemail. Set up your voicemail answering message to contain only two things: the tones that signify "This Phone Number Not In Use" (see http://www.k3pgp.org/telezap.htm ) and a terse voice message, such as "Leave a Message", which imparts no usable information to the caller. Now when the call goes to voicemail, two things happen: First, any robocallers will hang up when the hear the 'Not in Use' tones. Second, any humans will hear the 'Leave a Message' and they now have two options which are to hang up, or to leave a message asking you to call back. You merely have to scan the voicemail messages and call back only those ones you choose to answer. The other 80% or more have been discarded 'automatically' before you get to hear them. Use the 'this number not in use' tones ( http://www.k3pgp.org/telezap.htm ) as I described in my reply to 'SomeHacker44' above. That cuts out many (most?) garbage voicemails. I still can't see any reason why Microsoft doesn't "do an Apple" and lay the Windows GUI over a Linux kernel, just like Apple laid their own Apple GUI over a BSD kernel. By offloading half their work (at least) on to an outsourced kernel under the hood, more time and effort could be allocated to improve the customer experience with the Windows interface, leading to more consistency with the way people interact with Windows itself and its related Apps. Investors know it's not profitable and operating at loss, yet they keep investing. Otherwise known as "There's one born every minute." Uber (and Lyft, et al.) are in competition with traditional taxis. There's a good reason taxis are more expensive, which is that taxis have to break even, at the bare minimum. If Uber charged what the service costs, there would be no difference in costs to the consumer between using a taxi or calling a Uber. It's the dumb investors which are making up that difference. They won't be dumb forever. Threaded Interpretive Languages? The Year of the Linux Desktop was 2001. Prior to that, the Year of the UNIX Desktop was 1991. Those were the years that I put UNIX on my everyday Desktop and then afterwards Linux on my everyday Desktop. Looking back on the 40 years of my having a Desktop, Microsoft owned the operating system used on my Desktop for a mere six years, between 1985 and 1991. (MSDOS) I have never run Windows as my everyday Desktop. I had been using the UNIX GUI Desktop for several years when MSFT introduced Windows 3.1 to the world. I looked at it, but couldn't believe just how horribly primitive it was, even for Microsoft. Most countries have 'single-payer' health care. It always amuses me that tiny countries like New Zealand and Australia can afford such a 'single-payer' subsidised health care service while the exceptional, rich, powerful US can't. Some years back, I had to undergo a cardiac triple-bypass operation. No Charge for that. And that included several days in ICU. Things that aren't sustainable don't continue. I believe we should do nothing and let Old Ma Nature do the required culling. And she will. All of humanity's problems including Climate Change, loss of water resources, loss of food resources, destruction of ecological systems, etc, etc, etc ultimately come down to humanity's lack of control of overpopulation. No more, no less, than it's the the Year of Mercedes on the Highway. While I am happily tootling along in my Mercedes, I don't mind in the least if you insist on driving a Ford. Likewise, if you insist on running Windows 10 it doesn't affect my running Linux On My Desktop at all. Yeah, right. NASA has had to rely on the Russians for the last eight years to get people to the Space Station. The US banning Huawei totally is no different from China banning Boeing totally. You're a braver man than I am, Gunga Din! I think I'll wait a year or two after they let it fly again, just to make sure that it's sufficiently safe. It's the same sort of problem with males not wishing to be classified as 'paedophiles' and children. Once upon a time, I would have tried to help distressed children. These days I walk straight past them. Let the next female do the consoling. Old business proverb: "Never turn away a paying customer." Also known in some circles as: "Shooting yourself in the foot." Uber is a scam. Suckering poor, economics-ignorant schmoes into providing a transport service that costs them more than it pays them, and suckering dumb investors into paying the company's expenses, while the Uber administration creams off the cash. It's a non-viable business idea. There will be lots of drivers and investors burned as the Uber insiders disappear with the cash. "The last man alive was alone in a room. He locked the door." Perhaps we could propose a new name for that sort of thing .... I know, let's call it a 'siesta'. Unfortunately, modern cities with long commute times preclude that sort of lifestyle where people went home for a meal and an afternoon nap. A lifestyle which worked exceedingly well in the past. I select a Thinkpad with large RAM, large disk storage, high resolution, smallish physical screen, and as close as possible to selecting all-Intel peripheral chips for USB, video, sound, etc. This gives a laptop with huge longevity for minimal upgrade. Also get the largest battery option you can, but that can impact adversely on weight considerations. Currently still using my ThinkPad T410S which has only had an upgrade to the HDD from 500gig to 2000gig in its nine-year lifetime. And one repair: a keyboard replacement when two arrow-keys stopped working. Though its screen resolution is now starting to feel a bit 'tight'. That reminds me of an old saying that my Italian father used to use, about a hunter who was aiming at a duck: "If I shoot this duck, and then four more, I'll have five!" In the English-speaking world this is, of course, "Counting your chickens before they hatch." NASA can't even get men from the Earth into space at the moment, yet they talk about setting up a permanent Moon Base. Absolutely laughable. Just a technical question: In those cases where two or more machines saw the same phenomenon, were the machines networked in any way? I suspect that the UFOs were computer artifacts, and not real at all. “It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of light, it was the season of darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair.” - Dickens Nothing is all good, and nothing is all bad. Now is as good a time as any other to be alive. The 'Thucydides Trap' strikes again. Things are going to get very much worse before they start to get better.(If they ever do get better, that is.) Several years ago, I calculated that Spring-Summer 2020 was the latest date that the US could initiate and hope to prevail in a Big War against China. At that time I had no idea how the US would manage to bring that about. Things seemed so friendly back then. Over the last year or so, I am finding more and more that I was almost prescient about the time-line. Exactly. When a long-standing lack of USB drivers means that you can't even install ReactOS on many machines, there's been a definite failure in the allocation of development resource priorities. Uber is a scam, fleecing drivers and investors alike. While Uber creams off billions. Comments don't tell you 'What', they tell you 'Why'. Ditto for US semiconductors. No. A similar, but much easier task than colonising Mars, would be to colonise Antarctica. We've had the technology to do so for at least a hundred years or more. But apart from a few very isolated groups, nothing has been done. We have not had the cash or the inclination to colonise Antarctica -no permanent cities or factories- in all that time. Not sure what you mean with your question. Perhaps something along the lines of data in the "root" directory, with DLLs in a "lib" directory and various executables in a "bin" directory, along with a "doc" directory for locating the documentation, and a "src" directory for the project source codes? Or have I missed your point completely? I tend to put the source code files in the "root" directory of a project with auxiliary directories under that for various things like data, documentation, etc. My finished projects are installed into the standard directories: executables in one of the $PATH "bin"s (usually /usr/local/bin), shared libs in one of the standard "lib" directories (mainly /usr/lib). The data gets put into a dedicated directory: somewhere in /home if it's data that is short-term or it gets put somewhere on the "archive" filesystem if it's stuff that's "write once and keep for ever". I'm afraid not. But it sounds very similar to Apple's policy to put all files for a project in one sub-directory tree. Put that under the /Applications directory.Then to uninstall the app, you merely have to delete the whole project directory-tree. I am not conversant with OSX but the DMG format sounds similar to what you are thinking of. Monolith. Arthur Clarke has a lot of explaining to do. I 'looked' at Linux many times between 1991 and 2000. Apart from playing with SLS downloaded from the BBSs and then Slackware after the 1994 CD, I didn't bother installing it permanently because I was already using 'real' Unix on my main personal desktop.(AT&T, Novell, SunOS, Solaris 2.x) What really gobsmacked me every time was the huge jump in Linux's capabilities in the few months since my last 'look'. After 2001, I changed to Linux exclusively. These days I use Debian Testing or Mint MATE. (Mainly Mint MATE as my day-to-day desktop, with Debian as my 'emergency' installation.) And WHERE do you PUT a trillion tons of stuff? It doesn't just 'magically disappear'. Pie in the Sky thinking. Brewster Buffalo II. Sounds good on paper, disaster in practice. its the old kind where you have to keep replacing the batteries Mine's even older: Logitech 2 button plus scrollwheel, with cable. I NEVER have to replace batteries. A trillion tons of anything has a LOT of volume. Even assuming that we could somehow convert/compress a trillion tons of CO2 to 10 times the density of water (that is denser than solid iron would be) it would still take up 100,000,000,000 cubic metres = 100 cubic kilometres = 24 cubic miles = quite a sizable mountain I had to think about this. I came up with 'csargs'. I might, very rarely, do some maintenance of a BASIC program these days. And that would be because the program I am using might require some minor tweaking. But invariably, I do all my new programming in C. The flavor of BASIC I used to use is North Star Disk BASIC, very similar to HP BASIC. A few lines from an old project: 1 REM*** THIS PROGRAM CONVERTS A 8080 PROGRAM INTO AN ASMB LISTING***** 10 DIM A7(256),B7(256),A7$(512),B7$(10*256),B8(256) 15 DIM K7$(20) 20 A7$=""\B7$="" 30 !\!" FILECRAK: Disassembles 8080 opcode programs"\! 50 FOR M=1 TO 256 60 READ A,A$,B,B$ 70 B8(M)=LEN(B$) 80 B$=B$+" " 90 A7$=A7$+A$\B7$=B7$+B$ 100 A7(M)=A\B7(M)=B 110 NEXT M 120 INPUT " File name of 8080 program:",V$\! 130 CLOSE#1\ OPEN#1%1,V$,L6 135 OPEN#5,"ASSEMBLE" 140 L6=L6*256 150 INPUT " 8080 op-codes begin at:",L$ 160 INPUT " Begin disassembling at:",J$ 170 ! 180 INPUT " Output to printer? ",H9$ This is all old knowledge. I'm mystified why it's suddenly 'breaking news'. Carl Sagan: 'We are all made of star stuff.' - "Cosmos, 1980" https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/144310-the-nitrogen-in-our-... Everybody only really learns by 'doing'. They might think they know how to program in C (ferinstance), but they will only be able to prove they truly know how by producing a non-trivial program. Perhaps rewrite one of your old programs in your new language. It's a method that's worked for me many times. Regarding the 'multiple monitors' versus 'one big monitor' question, I use a largish (24") monitor with six virtual desktops. Works well. Best of both worlds. Temporary problem. The Chinese market alone is the size of the whole West (US+EU combined) It will be Apple who has the biggest decline over the next few years. (US and EU market is saturated - next Apple target market was China.) That's a bit like believing you are capable of emptying the ocean with a teaspoon. By all means, go ahead. But excuse me for believing you will fail. I find it much more satisfying to emulate the very lowest levels of hardware/software. Then the fact that very complex software, such as an unaltered app, runs as it was intended to, on top of your emulator is verification that your emulation is indeed correct. Emulating an app is trivial compared with emulating the underlying structures. Actually, emulating an app is just doing a 'clean-room' rewrite. Bill always suffered from "NIH" (Not Invented Here) Syndrome. Google took something that worked (Linux) and prettied up the User Interface. Apple had pretty much done the same sort of thing earlier with BSD UNIX and OSX. Bill was ideologically opposed to Linux right from the start because it was Open Source. Consequently, Microsoft had to do 10 times the work to achieve success that Google needed to. Google was up and running while Microsoft was still struggling along to get things to work. That's probably the main reason that Google dominates smartphones and Microsoft doesn't. I'm probably missing something very basic, but for the life of me I can't see why Ransomware is such a problem. Yes, it's a pain. Yes it leads to the loss of several hours of time, etc, etc, etc. But why is it a problem that a good daily backup can't fix effortlessly? What's wrong with a quick disk-wipe and restore from backup? Then it's back to work and there's no need at all to put your hand in your pocket for thousands/millions in ransom, and being 'offline' until the hackers come good on their promises to fix your data? "magic!". LOL No such thing as a "Perpetual Motion Machine". Energy can not be created from nothing, it can only be moved. If you're drawing energy 'out' with no energy 'input', then the system must get colder and colder. And of course there is no video: "Sorry, this media is offline" Nowhere near as good as punched paper tape for your ASR33. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:PaperTapes-5and8Hole.jpg Temporary. The bigger hit will be to the US's semiconductor and supercomputer industry in the long run. It all comes down to the perennial "buy" or "build" budget problem. It's more cost effective to buy "built" rather than have to spend a fortune on planning and building an industry from scratch. But if that's what's forced upon you, then you never need to "buy" again. MSFT: "Embrace, Extend, Extinguish" Well, here comes the "EMBRACE" part. Excuse me if I happen to be a tad skeptical. "Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clipper_chip 'Clipper 1993-1996 - R.I.P.' https://www.zdnet.com/article/the-laws-of-australia-will-tru... 'The laws of Australia will trump the laws of mathematics: Turnbull' Decline (99 times out of a hundred) is so slow and steady that the only way to discover that it's happening is to compare things NOW with things THEN. So: Can a single-earner family today buy a house, a car, and send their kids through a good education system? Is the US still capable of launching men into space, let alone sending several at a time to the Moon and back safely? Can a normal wage-earner still afford several weeks of hospital care? 50 years ago, we would be answering 'Yes' to all three of these questions. Where's a Mule when you need him? Cutting/splicing undersea cables is ancient history. The US was doing that 30 to 40 years ago. All written down in "Blind Man's Bluff". ROFL. That's possibly so, but for MSFT that's the pot calling the kettle black. MSFT has a very long history of ripping off stuff. Especially from its partners, and especially in the mid to late 1990s. Among others: (From Wikipedia) STAC: STAC's File compression stolen to be released as MSFT's DoubleSpace. Sendo: Microsoft was to deliver code for the StingerOS by June ... but by December not enough code had been delivered by Microsoft. Under the deal, if Sendo was declared insolvent "Microsoft would obtain an irrevocable, royalty free licence to use Sendo's Z100 intellectual property, including rights to make, use, or copy the Sendo Smartphone to create other Smartphones and to, most importantly for Microsoft, sublicense those rights to third parties." "The Middle Kingdom" - naturally it would be in the middle. 'China (Chinese: 中国; pinyin: Zhōngguó; lit. "Middle Kingdom"), officially the People's Republic of China (PRC), ...' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China The problem is not whether there is global warming or cooling per se, the problem is in the RATE of warming or cooling. Changes that would normally take hundreds of years and allow enough time for gentle, imperceptible migrations are taking mere decades and causing problems with thousands wanting to migrate daily. Any area on Earth can cope with one or two families leaving or arriving every year. But very few places can cope with hundreds of thousands of people arriving or departing every year. One workspace is not enough, but more than one monitor is bulky and distracting. I've used six virtual desktops with one physical monitor for several years. A 24" or 26" monitor is a reasonable size for comfortably taking in practically the whole screen at once. Six virtual desktops is a reasonable figure, it allows a desktop to be more or less allocated to a single task (such as email, web browsing, programming several separate tasks, showing reference books/texts/websites, etc, etc) Switching tasks is as simple as switching virtual desktops with the ability to switch back and forth immediately to where you were before, whenever you feel like it. EDIT: I suppose it seems like I am just echoing the original post. What I meant to show was WHY the multiple virtual desktop method works better. ONE 'space race' not necessarily THE 'space race'. Interestingly the Russians are still capable of putting men in space, while the US which 'won the space race' has not been capable of doing that for the last decade or so. Right. I predict this will be the second-last of the Bond Series. It will flop, and then they'll try just once more to attempt to rescue the dead brand. Think of it as the "New Coke" of the Bond Brand. If it were 25 years ago I'd say 'Definitely BSD'. Today, it's 'Definitely Linux'. "Don't reinvent" the wheel." - "If it works, don't fix it" - "Never teach your grandmother to suck eggs" - etc - etc - etc: Never fall victim to the NIH (Not Invented Here) Syndrome. Bill gates had it, it ruined Microsoft. In other words, don't think you can build a better OS than hundreds/thousands of other brains can. While they have a project, or even two or more, most programmers are always working, all the 24 hours of the day. And even while they are asleep. Many times I have been stuck with a specific programming problem till late at night. The next morning, the code or the algorithm was in my head, all ready to be written down. Depends. Usage. The more you use something consistently, the more you remember it. However .... One thing I learned very early on is that in today's world, it's probably silly to try to clutter up your limited memory with stuff that you rarely use. You can never remember everything. BUT ... you should know where to find it. You have a computer with you, so use that as a source of reference. Even today, after using C for decades, I will often do things like "man strtok" while programming. These companies DO advertise, and have done for many decades (in my personal memory - which only goes back to about 1950). It's very likely that the places they advertise are not places where YOU would see them. Like the Mercedes-Benz Magazine which is sent directly to Mercedes-Benz owners, or the in-flight magazine for flyers in first/business class of international airlines. (The target market is very unlikely to be amongst the shoppers who buy at K-Mart, for instance.) War planning takes years, not weeks. Several years ago, I predicted that the US could not delay a major war with China any later than by Spring-Summer 2020 or else it would risk defeat. The news reports over the 30-odd months since then have not altered my opinion. If anything, I feel that my estimated timeline is still on track and that we are now less than 12 months away from that war. That was a (very old) joke, of course. Actually, being away from 'have to' programming (work-related) means we can go back to our 'hobbyist' programming (stuff we enjoy) and do lots of entertaining things that don't need to satisfy anybody else but ourselves. Who cares if we happen to spend weeks poring over 30-year old technical manuals or diagrams to emulate in software a floppy-disk controller card that hasn't been manufactured since 1981. I did that a little while back. When integrated into an emulated machine and paired with a floppy-disk boot-image from that era I got this: 64K Graphics CP/M 2.2 rev 1.2.0 for Advantage HQ from North Star Computers,Inc. Hard Disk Boot In-Process To review connections, enter Semicolon (;) within a second or two No ; entered, so proceeding with prior connections A>DIR A: --VDISK- AAA : -CPM120- WM- : PIP COM : XSUB COM A: ED COM : ASM COM : DDT COM : LOAD COM A: STAT COM : DUMP COM : ONECOPY COM : SUBMIT COM A: DIRDUMP COM : COLDBOOT COM : HDOFF COM : DUMP ASM A: DIRDUMP ASM : FORMAT COM : COPY COM : SYSGEN COM A: GMGRADD COM : LOCAL COM : USER ASM : HDBOOT COM A: GDDT COM : FILLDISK COM : XDIR COM : WS COM A: SERIALZ COM : WSMSGS OVR : WSOVLY1 OVR : CPMGEN COM A: FRED C Seemingly lost in the hoo-hah surrounding the the loss of Turkey's participation in the F35 project is the very likely loss of all the F35 money ALREADY SPENT BY Turkey. "History doesn't repeat, but it rhymes." Way back in 1914, the Navy of Turkey had raised by public contribution the huge cost of two dreadnoughts which were to be built by Britain for the Turkish Navy. They had ALREADY PAID Britain for those two battleships. But Britain's Winston Churchill requisitioned those two ships without recompense to Turkey. Turkey was outraged, and the main result was that Turkey joined WW1 on the German side. Winston's smartass actions led to huge blowback less than six months later when his disastrous Dardanelles Campaign at Gallipoli caused the unnecessary deaths of about a hundred thousand Allied soldiers and the loss of about 10 warships as well as 8 submarines, for no benefit whatsoever. The West may have forgotten all about those two stolen Turkish battleships. I'll bet that the Turks haven't. An ADIZ is NOT the same thing as a country's internationally recognised airspace. Many ADIZs overlap - who is the 'owner' there? This is a media beat-up. Be fearful if it makes you feel better. And China should defend New York from the US. See how stupid it sounds when the situation is reversed. It seems contradictory to me that there is going to be a driver shortage at the same time that transport volumes are dropping disastrously. https://www.joc.com/trucking-logistics/truckload-freight/us-... very likely because it's more convenient/cheaper/transportable for the distributors than other options. Different countries have different advantages/disadvantages. In Australia, cardboard cartons are only used for specialty milk products or ordinary milk in less than one litre packs, with very, very few collapsible bags. Most customers buy plastic bottles of 1,2 3, or 4 litres. The ones larger than 1 litre have a handle. https://static.openfoodfacts.org/images/products/931/003/602... The real, but forgotten, start of WW2 was the Japanese invasion of China in 1937. The Chinese then held off the Japanese for eight years till September 1945. " .... gone, like tears in rain." The best indicator of water requirements is urine color. If your urine is dark, you need more water. https://imageproxy.themaven.net/https%3A%2F%2Fusercontent1.h... Blockading a country on the 'world-island' is a pointless task. The US is a sea-power, China is a land-power. As a land-power already situated on the 'world-island' China has no need of a huge SEA-going Navy. All it needs is a bunch of anti-ship missiles. Meanwhile, the US that lives on the peripheral 'americas-island' is powerless without a means to reach the 'world-island' where all the action is. See Mackinder and GeoPolitics. And on the other side of the coin: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henley-on-Todd_Regatta What happens if you pre-load that credit card with $100 before you take it out? This method is commonly used for travel in foreign lands by tourists. They pre-load credit cards with their domestic currency before they travel and then take out the local foreign currency from the foreign ATMs when it's required. Early photographic films were not very sensitive to red. (It showed up as black on the resulting photo.) That's called 'orthochromatic film'. And it's relatively safe to use a dim red light (often called a 'safe light') with that. Photographic paper which is what is used to produce a 'positive' print is only reacting to black and white, so it can be made from 'orthochromatic chemicals' without problems, and it is more convenient because you can use a red safe-light while you are processing it. Later photographic film was about as sensitive to red as the other colours, so all colors showed as shades of grey, while black was black. That's called 'panchromatic film'. You must use total darkness when transferring/developing this film. I learned to do the the entire film-processing sequence solely by feel umpteen decades ago. An offshoot to the dim red effect, is the movies where you see submarine control rooms using dim red lighting. This is supposedly a way of preventing a loss of night-vision when looking though the periscope at night. C. Simple, fast, compiled, widespread. If it works, don't fix it. Old programming languages never die, but they very rarely get used, except for very minor tweaking of decades-old programs. Some of my own rarities: BASIC, Pascal, 8080/Z80 assembler, 8086 assembler, COBOL, Java. It's been pretty much C only for me since the mid-90s, with a little SQL thrown in for good measure. There's only one nasty problem with sucking billions of tons of carbon out of the air every year: WHERE ARE WE GOING TO PUT THOSE BILLIONS OF TONS EVERY YEAR? "A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush." It's best to have a steam catapult that works, even if not so well than an electromagnetic catapult that doesn't work at all. Ditto for the elevators. Note the "my own rarity" part. I haven't used Java since the 1990s. Then again, not many programmers (relatively speaking) develop apps for Android. More programmers develop apps for systems other than Android. That sounds really exciting, then you stop to reconsider and realise that it will take take a spaceship roughly 200,000 YEARS to reach it, travelling at the Voyager spaceprobes' speeds. BODMAS. is BRACKETS then OF then DIVISION then MULTIPLICATION Then ADDITION then SUBTRACTION 8 / 2(2 + 2) 8 / 2(4) 8 / 8 = 1 > Surprisingly I've seen an older Casio scientific calculator given an incorrect answer of 1 LOL. The brackets bind tighter than the division sign. It's a trick question. What the 16 proponents are seeing is (8/2) x (2+2) (4) x (4) (16) What the brackets are doing though is (8) / (2 x (2 +2)) (8) / (2 x 4) (8) / (8) (1) The extra set of brackets is an attempt to show that the '2' in front of the bracket is shorthand for '2 x' i.e 2(...) = (2x(...)) but that '2' is part of the whole brackets expression and should be evaluated as such. As I mentioned before, this is really a trick question, and meant to be deliberately ambiguous. With a really stupid precedent established by this, what could possibly go wrong? Tit for tat can be a rather nasty unintended consequence A warning: The US hopes that these revelations will act as a deterrent against any future attacks by Russia on its systems. But there’s always the risk that it could fuel an escalation instead. Why is it that the US thinks it can cause damage to others with impunity, but others won't dare to hit back? When I was young, this was called "Cruisin' for a Bruisin'." It depends a lot on how much you are paying for your internet service, and/or how fast it is. If you're paying nothing or just a little, and/or it's very fast then the extra time/cost of the ad content is negligible. On the other hand, if your internet connection is slow, expensive or you have a small monthly quota, then any time or cost involved in downloading largish volumes of ad content becomes a huge fraction of your costs. I once had a monthly quota of two gigabytes when travelling. An average of only 60 megabytes per day. It doesn't take many two-three megabyte webpages full of ads to soak up that 60MB daily quota. I consider Uber to be a scam, soaking investors and drivers alike to subsidise client-travel at a lower cost than taxis, while skimming off millions for the company. While investors keep throwing money at it, Uber will survive. But once investors wise up, the company will be gone. Almost overnight. We once thought that the sea could absorb any rubbish we threw into it, too. CO2 underground? What could possibly go wrong? And what do we do after the underground is 'full'? Very concise and to the point. My effort is quite a bit more verbose: Get yourself a project. Any project, but preferably not too minor. Write that project in your new language. Many times while doing that, you will need to do a few days or more of solid studying of the new language to get yourself past a hurdle that's blocking your progress. Eventually, you will complete the project. Now, throw that one away. It was just to 'show you the ropes'. (That's commonly said as "Build one to throw away.") Now do that project again with your new, greater, basis of knowledge. Repeat that with several projects. You now have a fair level of self-taught programming in that one language. Repeat that process again but using a different language. There will be hurdles again, but different hurdles. Now you know programming to a reasonable level. Rinse, repeat. Rinse, repeat. Rinse, repeat. I jumped on the UNIX track when I found Coherent 3.1 in 1991. It opened my eyes to a whole new way of thinking. Within a year or two, I used AT&T Unix SVR(3?4?) and then Novell's Unixware and on to SUN's Solaris. Then finally to Linux in 2001. I skipped the whole 'Windows as Personal Desktop' thing. I had a look at Windows 3.x in the early 90s and classed it as 'useless' - because I was already using the equivalent of Windows 2000 while everybody else was enthralled with non-networked Windows 3.0 So I have a very soft spot in my heart for Coherent. Without Coherent, I would have missed out on so much. Open source software is not necessarily trying to win a beauty contest, and the number of copies used (or not) doesn't often mean extra income for the programmer. As long as the software is effective and does what its users want it to do, who cares if it may be ugly. If it really upsets you, then spend the time and effort to improve it yourself. This point is taken up better in the essay "Linux is not Windows" which explains that the purpose of Windows is to make money for Microsoft where open-source software's purpose is to be useful for its users. - http://linux.oneandoneis2.org/LNW.htm It gets 'deconstructed', the body keeps any bits that are useful (minerals, various wanted compounds, etc), any rubbish (excess usable/unusable compounds, excess minerals) gets disposed of, the rest gets burned for energy and finally gets to release CO2 and water vapor into the atmosphere. Think of a building being demolished. A lot of the material can be reused, a lot of it thrown away, and some of it sold to recoup some costs. Of course it does. It's just more comfortable for humans to use heated water. Physical removal of bacteria by fluid flow does not depend on temperature. Alternatively, if you boil your hands for at least three minutes it most likely would be slightly more effective. "archive it, and the important stuff will bubble back up" That's a very interesting observation. It seems I have inadvertently done pretty much that. I split my files into two categories: my /home/USER directory keeps all that ready-to-hand or important stuff which is used on a daily or weekly basis, and then there's 'archive' stuff. The archive stuff can also be described as 'write once, store forever' or maybe more accurately 'shoved away in the basement'. My /home directory stays at a steady 9-10 gig size which is is a size that is capable of being completely completely backed up daily. My 'archive' now runs about 4-5 terabytes. And it can be a bit disconcerting to look into it and find files that were originally written nearly 40 years ago. But hey, they're readily to hand (and searchable) whenever I happen to need them. Of course it might just be that we're seeing it from the reverse direction. (Unlikely though, IMHO) Reverse direction? The universe is curved. Eventually you get back to your starting place. To use an Earthly analogy, Chicago is roughly 500 miles WEST of New York, but it's nearly 25,000 miles EAST of New York. Q: How did the US companies lose their Chinese markets? A: Slowly at first, then all at once. It's always easier to pay a little for an established service, than to go to the angst and costs of setting it up for yourself. On the other hand, once you find you do need to set it up for yourself, then you never ever need to buy that service again. Freezing some water makes the rest of the water hotter. And that's apart from the energy wasted in running the freezer's machinery. But go ahead. Get back to me in 10 years and let me know how well you've done. For some items, yes. On the other hand, most Asian companies (includes Chinese, Japanese, Korean, etc) are quite happy to use American software such as Google's Android OS and Apps because that costs them very little, and they don't have to go to the hassle and costs of producing it themselves. Google gains because any income from Android and its Apps is very welcome. America gains because that income is also received. Apart from any American sales to Asia resulting from Google's ads, such as various luxury brands, Hollywood movies, iPhones, etc. Now when any Asian country is not permitted to use Google's Android, sure it costs them because they now have to expend effort and money to produce the equivalent to Android. But to offset that, they now get all the income from the Apps and sales of goods that America used to sell. Not only that, but the Chinese/Japanese/whatever markets are taken over by Asian companies rather than American companies and American companies get squeezed out of Asia. America too often has short-term or zero-sum thinking. Asia usually has long-term or win-win thinking. It beggars belief that Trump,etc complain that China isn't buying enough stuff while they refuse to sell them the stuff that China wants to buy. SMH. Forget building any more carriers. Carriers in today's world are as obsolete as the battleships that the carriers displaced 80 years ago. Mind you, the fact that battleships were obsolete did not stop the US from building quite a few more in the 1940s before the penny finally dropped. I once did the exercise of finding a list of US cities ranked by size. By the time I got down to number 300, it was some small, insignificant place that only had a population of about three thousand. 300 nukes is well and truly enough. Both points of view existed back in 1910, that war was unthinkable and that war was quite likely. A reflection of today's acceptance of both viewpoints. Book: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Great_Illusion That 'military objectives only" thing was tried in WW2, but found wanting. In bombing against both Germany and Japan, it was found that destroying civilians' homes was far more effective. Read up on Curtis Le May's methods in Germany, Japan, and then later in North Korea. He was a great proponent of fire-bombing large areas in the centre of cities. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bombing_of_Tokyo One fire-bombing raid killed as many people in Tokyo as were killed a few months later in Hiroshima's atom-bombing. No. We're not capable of making Mars habitable. If we were capable of that, we'd also be capable of fixing the Earth's trends which are making it become less inhabitable. (excess atmospheric CO2, loss of snowpack which reduces fresh-water river flows, oxygen-poor 'dead zones' in the sea, etc, etc.) Social media gets less and less "social" every day. My last remaining social media with input from me is HN. But I accept that, sooner or later, HN will be just as intrusive, aggressive, just plain nasty and censoring as the rest of them. And then it will be time for me to "go completely dark" as far as my contribution to the internet is concerned. Amazon is making a mistake by throwing out its low-profit areas. Amazon no longer allows me to buy used books from 3rd-party used-book sellers in the States, so now I have to use newly-found online-sellers like 'Abe Books' or 'Alibris'. But both of these online sellers don't just sell used books, they also sell new books and other items which I probably would have bought from Amazon previously. Amazon has lost me as a customer, and no doubt many others as well with their new restrictive sales terms. When 'important' companies start slavishly following profits instead of customer service, they have peaked and are now on their long slow decline to irrelevance. (It was one of those 'aha!' moments, when I was looking at an earnings graph one day, that I noticed that a company's decline always begins when they are at their peak. It's self-evident from a graph of course, but not an intuitive piece of knowledge for most people.) Why did I keep getting the impression on reading the article that I was seeing mysql 'select' readouts? There's no reason, apart from extra weight to carry, that missiles/aircraft can't use more than one microwave band to track their targets. High precision tracking is only required in the last mile or two. Low precision radar is plenty good enough to get the missile close enough for final high-precision tracking. Automatic backups timed for the middle of the night. Such a small thing to do, and much peace of mind. An obsolete measurement of volume. Only a few countries are too immersed in their self-centred past to use the world-wide metric system. That refusal to progress has cost millions (billions?) when different units have been used without conversion. http://edition.cnn.com/TECH/space/9909/30/mars.metric.02/ While that could be more consistent, the presence of all those zeroes would inevitably lead to too many typographical errors. Not a good move by the US. So Huawei loses a market of 350 million. That's not OK, because Google will lose a market of 1.4 billion in retaliation. "It may not happen overnight, but it will happen." But a (British/Imperial) gallon is 10 pounds. 20 fluid ounces to the pint. Malicious accusations starting in 3...2...1... There are no negative consequences for malicious stamping of individuals. What could possibly go wrong? https://themonkeycage.org/2012/05/politics-in-everything-the... Synchronicity. I personally came to the same conclusions a week or two ago. Amazon keeps trying to charge me more for less service provided. Very, very little. If I do pay for anything, it's because I may choose to help a particular developer rather than actually having to. Everything necessary is free. I write some software and that allows me to donate back to the community in return. Uber and Lyft are both in the "extractive" business. Uber and Lyft are a scam to drain both investors and drivers of money which is skimmed off and goes into the pockets of the CEOs, and other business managers. There is no true profit generated by either the company itself or by the drivers. All business is being permitted by using the investors' money to undercut taxi companies' prices by subsidising customers. Once the investors finally wise up, both Uber and Lyft will disappear like they never existed. Latitude is measured along a Great Circle of Longitude - confusing isn't it? So the distance between (say) 10 and 30 degrees North is the same as the distance between 50 and 70 degrees North. The Latitude circles (in the 'horizontal' plane) get smaller as you go from Equator to the Poles, but all the Longitude Circles (in the 'vertical' plane') are all Great Circles and go through both the North and South Poles and so are all (pretty much) equal in size. That's a very subjective point. 100 people would very likely give you 100 answers, based on their individual physiologies . Note, this a physical thing, rather than merely an opinion thing. Some people have a very acute sense of color and can discuss about very fine color differences that other people are simply unable to perceive. Similar question: when does red turn to orange? "When you're deep in a hole, stop digging!" Why do SO proponents feel it's smart to answer questions with 'this question is closed because dupe' or some other useless bullshit answer. It's no harder to say 'this question is closed. You will find that the best answer can be found at ' It'll be interesting to see whether those absent from class get an automatic 'Fail' for the year. I had lots of unpleasant experiences with Dropbox when I was travelling in foreign countries back in 2011-2012, so I got rid of Dropbox not long after. I found that, for me, it was simpler in the long run as well as more secure to implement my own file server accessible from anywhere in the world. They must be running without backups, or else they're too dumb to know that backups can replace a dead machine. Either way, those sysadmins are worse than useless. EVERY system should be able to be up and running, back to normal service, within several hours of a complete software crash with either a complete restore from backup, or an 'assisted' system re-installation. (One where previous system config files and user's files are replaced too.) I'm almost embarrassed to admit it, but even today, 35 years or more after finding WordStar, I use a WordStar clone for my text editing. "Imprinting" dies hard! (Currently using 'jstar' as my everyday text editor; the 'joe' editor's WordStar configuration.) No doubt I'll be downvoted to oblivion for this, but in my personal opinion, the F35 will be remembered by History as a repeat of the Brewster Buffalo's saga. "jack of all trades, master of none." - in other words just not good enough to win against the competition in any role. ROFL. Ice-makers work by using heat-pumps. some water gets cold enough to freeze, other water gets hotter. (Works just like your air-conditioner.) Net result is no-change, just a lot of energy wasted in the machinery (which also adds heat to the water). If that system worked, you could cool your house by leaving the fridge door open. Standing waves along a parallel pair of conductors. You bridge the two conductors with some sort of voltage/current indicator (very simply a light-bulb with two wires sticking out of its base) and measure the half-wavelength in meters between two maxima. Note: to keep things compact, you use this method for frequencies around 50 MHz and above. I was shown this method when I was playing with valve/tube oscillators way back when I was a teenager. The other method is to compare the frequency as measured by your oscillator-style frequency meter (using known calculated values of coils, crystals and capacitors) against several known 'standard' frequency sources. We may call them democracies, but I venture to state that there are no democracies existing in the world today. What we do have is a lot of oligarchies which are labelled as 'democracies' but are in fact no such thing. If that rich billionaire or multinational company has more political clout than you, you are not living in a democracy. That's amazing. Talk about synchronicity. I have been rummaging through Klemperer's diary of WW2 for the last week or so and kept running into this 'LTI' and wondering what it was. Today within two hours I found the meaning of that abbreviation TWICE! Both within a random book and also on this website. Just unbelievable! C. Suitable all the way from embedded code in small devices to operating systems for huge servers. Nowhere. If Earth becomes uninhabitable, mankind will die out. You can imagine all sorts of 'pie in the sky' scenarios, but the bald truth is that mankind can only exist on Earth for any worthwhile length of time. (Which is why all those 'Let's Go to Mars' expeditions will be in reality 'Let's Die on Mars Very Soon from Lack of Food, Water and Oxygen' expeditions.) Energy (and LOTS OF IT!) is what is required to ship something from the Earth to the Moon. These articles blithely mention 'solar energy' except that they very carefully don't examine just how much energy would be required. We'd need hundreds of square miles of solar collectors to get anywhere near the amount of energy required. If that was easy we'd already have that happening today. Uber is basically a scam transferring money from investors to the company's pockets. We've seen this scam happen before - the Dot.Com Bubble - when investors were told that "The Old Economy" fundamentals didn't matter any more and it was now "The New Economy" where 'potential' was worth more than 'profits'. Strictly speaking, Uber is correct: drivers aren't essential to its business. The cash transfer from investors happens anyway. The drivers are merely there, along with the clients, as an excuse to drain investors. Once the investors wise up, Uber will disappear like it's never been there at all, just like 'pets.com' and all those others. The big question, of course, is "Why would you bother?" What are you trying to hide? What benefit is there to you in obscuring your code? Why do you think your code is so wonderful that anybody actually cares? Why is your code so unique that nobody has ever produced it, or anything like it, before? And how do you transfer large quantities of goods and personnel from the flying aircraft to the dangling elevator? "Pie in the Sky" thinking, of course. I reckon it's misdirection. "We'll say it's a UFO, but really it's a hypersonic plane in development." Just like the SR71 had a cover story during its development phase. "The wreckage was recovered in two days, and persons at the scene were identified and requested to sign secrecy agreements. A cover story for the press described the accident as occurring to a F-105, and it is still listed in this way on official records." - https://www.cia.gov/library/center-for-the-study-of-intellig... That's not bad. It's only taken 10 years and more since I suggested on Mini-Microsoft that Microsoft do 'an Apple' and put a Windows GUI on a Linux foundation just like Apple had put the Apple GUI on a BSD foundation. I remember that suggestion being howled down derisively by the Softies. You can always trust Microsoft to do the smart thing .... after they've repeatedly wasted years and years and billions of dollars doing the dumb things. "All horses are animals, but not all animals are horses." The Boomers are all being blamed for the actions of some of their members. The Boomer Generation is concurrent in time with Corporatism. It's Corporatism and its Boomer CEOs and lobbyists which are the causing the problem, not the rank and file Boomers. But in the end, all Boomers will be blamed. The same as all Germans of the relevant generation were blamed for being Nazis. But, but, but ..... wasn't the F-35 supposed to be the be-all, end-all plane that does everything, even washing the dishes? I am finding it fascinating that the Western world is following China's path from Alphabet to Pictograms in written communication. No doubt it will take decades if not centuries to slim down each diagram to its bare minimum basic strokes. I wonder how similar the resulting pictograms will resemble the equivalent Chinese pictograms. Like the German military in WW2, the US military is over-dependent on technology. It does not matter if your weapons have a kill ratio of 100:1 if the enemy can throw 101 of his crappier weapons at you. In WW2, both the Soviets and the US made huge numbers of 'good-enough' weapons that swamped the small numbers of super-duper technology that the Germans used. Modern warfare is as much, if not more, dependent on a country's manufacturing capacity than its weaponry. The US does not have the manufacturing capacity in 2019 that it had in 1942. The country with the manufacturing capacity in today's world is China. We do, of course. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8g-pg50bf4 But it needs constant attention, that's why we tend to use more convenient things like batteries these days. Way, way back I had similar sorts of problems with PayPal. I was an early adopter of internet commerce but I got my fingers burned several times when companies made unilateral decisions against me and provided no simple means of contact between me and them. I now refuse to use any super-duper payment system that does not have my bank as a buffer between me and them. Call me a Luddite if you like. But I feel happier. Uber is good only for Uber itself and (temporarily till the collapse) the customers. It is a SCAM for drivers and investors. caveat emptor. As always, follow the money. Linux (no matter what it may be called at the time, or who is its current poster boy) is now too big to be nailed down by any one company or even any one country. Microsoft may, in fact, end up owning the name 'Linux' and proclaim that it is the 'one, true owner'. That will not stop Linux from being forked into another cloned project with a different name and letting 'Linux (TM)' wither on the vine. It gives me a lot of satisfaction that I said several years ago in a post on one of the social media that the tight cluster of cases at a singular worksite suggested that it was some form of occupational injury rather than malicious activity. British the least?? Why then the long-infamous historical name for England as "Perfidious Albion"? Were you aware that submarines used to stop shipping and search them, allowing ships not carrying contraband to proceed? That was before Britain's Churchill introduced the Q-ships. The Q-ships were those that looked like unarmed cargo ships but had hidden guns to suddenly attack submarines that surfaced to do their searches. Since then submarines have always torpedoed ships without warning. It took ten years to build up the 'Moon Shot' industry in the sixties. It would take at least that long this time to rebuild all of those factories and retrain the thousands of personnel to that level of expertise. I am willing to state categorically that there will be no Moon Shot in 2024. "The Innovator's Dilemma." It's been the downfall of many a commercial empire. Until recharging times (around 5 minutes) and range (around 500miles/800km) can match those of chemical-fueled cars, there will be buyer resistance. There is a reason that the battery car of the early 1900s and the Stanley Steamer disappeared. They just couldn't match the day-in day-out utility and convenience of the petroleum-energy vehicles. Nope. Still won't install due to faulty USB keyboard drivers. I still have a major problem with USB drivers. If I try to install Reactos on real hardware as opposed to a VirtualBox VM I can't even get it to accept keypresses from a USB keyboard. Which is extremely annoying because the primary boot message telling me to hit a key to boot from the CD does accept a keypress from the USB keyboard. I see I've been downvoted for this message. Downvoting won't change the facts. If the drivers do work on some USB keyboards, but won't work on other USB keyboards, the USB drivers are NOT GOOD ENOUGH. Note that I've said "won't INSTALL" so it may just be that the USB drivers available to the INSTALLATION aren't good, but the kernel's USB drivers DO work. Either way, if you can't install ReactOS, you can't use it. The Uber CEO's business is 'sustainable'. The Uber investors and drivers? Not so much. but since I had to work with W95 all day There's the answer. W95 had the momentum. The "barrier to entry" for OS/2 was just too great. Also OS/2 was very, very expensive, while W95 came 'free' with your new PC. On June 12, 2016, [...] Unsurprisingly, just 3 days later Reddit altered the website to prevent posts from The Donald from reaching the front page—ever. That statement is not true. Early in 2019 one of 'the_donald' posts hit Reddit's front page with a thumbnail showing an iron lung. Being from a medical background, I commented on the fact that I hadn't seen an iron lung for 50 years and I was surprised that they still existed. In doing so, I unknowingly posted on the 'the_donald' subreddit. I then received a message that I was banned from some other third-party subreddit purely because I had committed the crime of posting on 'the_donald' When I posted in one of my usual subreddits commenting on this strange set of circumstances, my new posting complaint was "disappeared" within minutes. That was pure censorship. So ended my ten-year association with Reddit. I logged out and have never logged in again since. Phones are replaced about every 3-4 years. mainly because of camera upgrades. I am not a great user of apps, as I find them a waste of time and not particularly useful. I try to change my laptops due to increases in travel convenience. However, I find that my 10-year old Lenovo T410S keeps being most useful overall, even though I have bought several other laptops since I bought the Lenovo. I bought an Asus X31 ultrabook because it was lighter and its SSD 'disk' was more resistant to shocks. But the miniscule size of the SSD meant that it was not much use as it could only store about a tenth of what the Lenovo could, with its upgraded 2TB HDD. Also the ultrabook's keyboard wasn't as good as the Lenovo's, apart from it not having a DVD reader, and it required adapters for ethernet, etc, instead of those connectors being built-in. I also bought a Acer unit, but I 'killed' it. Can't remember the model, or what I did to kill it. "Fusion will be available to all in 20 years." Unfortunately, they've kept saying that every year since the 1950s. If it were truly possible, we'd be doing it already. I once tried Linux on an old G4 MacBook (Power Chip - before the Intel chips). It was just as slow using Linux as it was using 'Tiger', and also some peripherals weren't supported. For what it's worth, Linus used to use a MacBook with Linux. But that was several years ago. I don't know what he uses now. You can, if you are careful. The method is to indicate the position of the new index hole on both sides of the envelope with your template, and carefully insert the 'anvil' part of a hole punch through the large centre hole and between the active magnetic disk and the envelope. Punch the index hole on one side of the envelope then repeat the performance with the other side of the envelope. I found that it was very rare for my 'flippies' to be unusable in my Z80 CP/M computer of the time. Of course when we were able to afford those new-fangled double-sided drives, the whole incentive to make 'flippies' disappeared overnight. My sentiments exactly. If life was so common that it's spread over several planets in one star system, it would be evident in lots of star systems. NASA's statement is akin to a statement from me that I'm close to reaching billionaire status. To be believable, I have to demonstrate lots and lots of evidence. NASA does not demonstrate any credible evidence of life on Mars and has not done so in the past. Hardly the first floating nuclear power station. I see no logical difference between a general-purpose floating nuclear power station and a one which is dedicated to (say) powering an aircraft carrier. Both floating, both nuclear. Both subjected to the same risks. If anything, the carrier is exposed to greater risk. 90K actually. 35 tracks, 10 sectors per track, 256 bytes per sector = 89,600. I thought I was so superior, with 90K of floppy, compared to those peasants who had to use primitive stuff like paper tape or cassettes. Now I consider a micro SD card with 64 gig as mere run-of-the-mill. Times change. I think it possibly all boils down to our built-in instincts. We have evolved to be on the lookout for things which constitute a personal danger. (Those people who don't/can't are quickly allocated to the Darwin Awards competition.) As a driver, a huge 20-ton truck is a very noticeable personal danger. Once seen, you make sure that you know where it is at all times when you're near enough to be 'damaged' by it. On the other hand, a cyclist/motorcyclist, even when seen, is assessed as a 'negative danger'. That is, the cyclist is more at risk from you, rather than you from him, whether or not a collision actually occurs. This means that a cyclist can be disregarded as a danger threat, and may be 'blocked out' to some extent. The amount of blocking out, I would expect, is a function of gradation amongst other present threats. In other words, if a huge truck is present, you're more likely to 'unsee' the cyclist. This all happens subconsciously, and is just part of our evolution over millions of years as a species. As such, it probably means that we need to find ways to produce an 'un-natural' outcome rather than the current 'natural' situation.. Reddit, like MySpace and Digg before it, has outrun its usefulness. It is a site in rapid quality-decline. No doubt its owners want to extract as much cash as they can before it fails completely, and good luck to them. English already has a non-specific pronoun that's been around for hundreds of years. It has come from the French, so it's been around at least since the Norman Invasion of 1066. So roughly 1050 years. One can use it at any time. And that range is much less than missile range. That is why modern aircraft carriers are as obsolete as the battleships they displaced 80 years ago whose cannon-range was much less than carrier-plane range. Somewhere along the way in American history, somebody decided to conflate Communism and Socialism for political purposes. Since then the very idea of Socialism is regarded with hands held high in horror, anathema to the US economic system of Capitalism. In fact, there is no instance of any country with pure Capitalism, and no instance of a country with pure Socialism. (Or pure Communism, for that matter.) All countries have mixed economies, with some Capitalism and some Socialism. Where they vary is in the actual blend. Many Americans have tried to convince me that there is no Socialism in the US, blithely overlooking the income to the elderly and the out-of-work; the road and highway systems; the bailing-out of companies; medical care to those who can't afford it; etc, etc. All of those items above are being paid for by the combined resources of the country's taxpayers, each of whom have no say in where their money is going - the same as in (say) Norway or (say) China. Or zombies, because they're dead already. 'find.zombie' script: ps aux | grep 'Z' | grep -v grep Easy fix. Download the program-source and then remove the China-block from the source. Next!! Who decides who is 'not allowed' to use the open-source program? It's a silly concept, and very open to political abuse. Coherent was my entrance to the wonderful world of Unix back in 1991. Thanks to Coherent's introduction I never ever had to endure Windows as my everyday personal desktop environment. Coherent's misfortune was that it was released at the same time that Linux was. All through the 90s as I progressed from Coherent to AT&T Unix to Novell's Unixware to Sun's Solaris, I used to to look at Linux every six months or so. I was always gobsmacked at how quickly Linux (actually Gnu/Linux) was moving ahead in leaps and bounds. By the time that 2001 rolled around, it was time for me to put away my Solaris and switch to Linux fulltime. Judging purely from my own experience, I would say yes. I was a Solaris user from about 1995 until about 2000. Around about 2000-2001, I bought a new computer with a large (for that time) hard drive that was (IIRC) about 30 gigs. I found that my Solaris x86 was not able to access the whole of that disk due to disk capacity limits in its configuration. On the off chance, I also tried installing Linux. It had no problems at all in working with that large(!) disk. (Note: I am trying to remember back roughly 20 years, I may have some numbers wrong.) That was when I put my Solaris away, ending 10 years of using several commercial unices, and moving across to Linux. To convert boiling water to ice involves a net removal of energy. Inputting energy would keep heating the water. Note the article describes a way of moving the heat from one container to another - basically a heat pump just like any airconditioner produces 'cool'. (on one side of the system only, the side of course gets hotter.) Karma scores are really, really irrelevant. To paraphrase an old saying, "90,000 karma and five bucks will get you a cup of coffee." You know that when you get downvoted 200-300 points and you laugh, you have discarded for good the very idea of karma points having value. I did. When I left left Reddit at the start of this year, I had something like 50,000 karma. To say it like that means I only remember the value to somewhere within 10,000. So that means my actual karma was somewhere between 40,000 and 60,000. 20,000 karma is quite a big range if karma has any value at all, and yet it is just a meaningless and irrelevant number . Now repeat after me: "Karma is just a random number that has no meaning at all in real life." It hasn't disappeared in British (and related) English. What is called an 'airplane' in US English is an 'aeroplane' in British English. Ditto 'aerofoil', etc. 'Aero' is a Greek prefix pertaining to 'flight'. (And also to 'air') The two dots above a letter indicate that the two vowels are pronounced separately, rather than as one sound. As also seen in "The first Noël the ......", etc. > A refrigerator also requires energy. Yes. To move the refrigerant around and compress it. The real work of a refrigerator is done by the Latent Heat of Evaporation and its corollary the latent Heat of Condensation. In the change of state between liquid and gas, the latent heat is the same, but in one direction (gas to liquid) energy is released, and in the other direction (liquid to gas) energy is required. Note that since the heating-cooling both produces heat and 'cold', a heat pump is the most economical way of drying clothes. The energy in the hot air evaporates the water in the clothing into water vapor which then passes over the cold plates and condenses that water vapor into water which is drained away. The heat energy produced by the condensation of the water vapor evaporates the refrigerant which is then compressed, releasing energy to reheat the circulating air so it can evaporate more water. Neat, hey? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWqNmOLHwt0 AUX: is a device name in MSDOS/Windows. There are several others in the same situation. The names can be used but you need to use sneaky, underhand methods. :) https://www.thewindowsclub.com/create-restricted-files-folde... The Holocaust wasn't IBM's fault. It was the fault of the rubber-stamp ink manufacturers, the fault of the railway wagon manufacturers, the barbed-wire manufacturers, and so on. The title is as misleading as the slogan 'Guns kill People.' In truth, the Nazis did the Holocaust. Whatever those things the Nazis may have used, the makers of those things were irrelevant. Some of us started coding before the internet was available. We learned syntax from books, and copied programs from magazines and dissected them to work in different ways while learning what all the different parts did. We also learned how to reverse-engineer working programs to see how they ticked. It wasn't 'better' or 'worse', just a different way of learning. Why does the word "ENRON" keep flashing on and off in my head? Fake energy shortages was why Enron was able to charge exorbitant prices for electricity. You'd think that Americans would have that seared into their brains. That's an interesting question. Let's just say that I only remember colour when it's an important part of the dream. As in: Am I driving through a red light or a green light? Is that dress that Charlene is buying specifically a green dress? There were reports that Stuxnet spuriously affected Siemens controllers in countries all around the world. That smacks of over-simplicity, not sophistication. The rare earths are expensive because they are rare or hard to extract. Make them the same price as (say) water and they become very, very cheap. The same thing applies to gold, or uranium, or platinum. What we require as an end product is something that the world requires millions of tons of but is still quite expensive today. I nominate copper as our most profitable end-product. Australia to Europe is roughly 21 hours total flight time. Even using Business Class, the long-leg Melbourne-Dubai is about 14 hours and not pleasant. We took to breaking the whole trip into three 7-hour parts, Melbourne-Singapore with 2-3 nights stopover, then Singapore-Dubai with another 2-3 nights stopover, and then the final 7-hour leg Dubai-Paris. This gave sufficient recovery-time between flights for us poor old 70-year-olds and had the benefit of breaking the 9-hour time-zone difference into three smaller jumps that reduced jet-lag quite markedly. I make software emulators that mimic the hardware of early 'home computers' from back in the late 1970s to mid-1980s 8-bit pre-IBM PC era. Possibly there might just be ten other people (or even fewer) in the world who would find my hobby useful. It's a bit of a 'treasure hunt' to dig around to find old hardware manuals and then work out timing issues in the quest to emulate (say) a floppy-disk controller card from 1981. I often use 'whilst'. But then I use Australian English, not US English. Somebody did this with normal 8-bit hardware about 5-10 years ago. Like the current instance, that one also took several hours to get to a commandline prompt. It's the age-old trade-off, power versus speed. The more powerful your CPU and peripherals, the less time and/or number of instructions required taken to do each particular job along the way to get to that prompt. I remember looking at the number of instructions required to do 32-bit additions on a 4MHz 8-bit Z80 once. All of those instructions were replaced by one single (and much faster!) instruction on a 33MHz 80386 CPU. Some places in the world are set up in such way that you are much better off without having to drive or park a car. Paris is such a place, pretty much nowhere in central Paris is more than one or two hundred metres/yards from a Metro. Also most apartments have no provision for garages, and many streets are too narrow for parking. Several times I have rented an apartment in Paris, and deliberately not rented/leased a car. It's just more convenient to walk a few hundred metres or take the Metro. It's pointless self-identifying as a "Hacker" because the term "Hacker" has been usurped so much so that it now means "somebody who breaks into computers" and it is no longer a true label associated with the archaic "Hacker Ethic". We need to come up with a new term to replace the way we used to use the word "Hacker". Language is fluid. In a similar fashion to the change in the meaning of "Hacker", a more widely recognised change in meaning is of course the word "gay" which no longer means "happy and joyful" but now means "homosexual" and using the word "gay" in its original sense today leads to unnecessary misunderstanding. Karma is a random meaningless number. What advantage can you see in having more/less karma? Is that other peoples' upvotes on your posts? Or your upvotes on other peoples' posts? If you upvote other peoples' posts, the only indication is that the little triangular up-arrow disappears. (You can only upvote once, so it vanishes.) For your own posts, click on the 'threads' option in the orange bar at the top. Probably the same reason that most people still drive horseless carriages, like they have done for over 120 years. We haven't found anything newer yet that works as well in both cases. A replay of the White Rose saga? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_Rose Face scan, photo ID, whatever. It's pretty much the norm in most countries to associate a picture and name to every phone number. Having said that, I was surprised that I could buy a pay-as-you-go phone ( a 'burner' in local parlance) from any supermarket in the UK without any connection of my name or my photo to that number. And this was in the UK, where there are cameras in practically every place you can go. In the 'Quality of Windows' graph over Time, there is a double hump in the curve. The first smaller hump is Windows XP, the second slightly higher hump is Windows 7. Both before Win-XP and after Win-7, the curve falls away to the depths of inefficiency and mediocrity. The trough between the two was the short-lived, well-forgotten disaster that was Vista. As an outsider, looking in, I can confirm that the polarisation in American politics is steadily increasing. It's just a matter of reading the increasing intolerance in both the social media and the main-stream media. Maybe Americans are too close and can't see the 'forest for the trees' but I feel things are heading to a climax. The other problem is that the US is becoming extremely belligerent in its foreign policy, as it sees the rapidly approaching situation of losing its 'exceptional indispensability No.1 Position' to China. In my humble opinion, it's a neck and neck race between a second American Civil War and a major International War as to which arrives first. I see one or the other (or even both) happening within the next two or three years. I poo-pooed the concept of the 'Fourth Turning' when it first came out in the 1990s. But I am beginning to be convinced of its correctness. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strauss%E2%80%93Howe_generatio... Mint MATE. Fast, stable, Spartan (more less a clone of Gnome 2). Included are proprietary codecs and drivers, so you don't have to go off and hunt for them.