Funny, that's exactly how I work with Fortran (2008). And I have Syntastic in Vim nag me every time I save if I made a mistake that the compiler catches. A great advantage over C/C++ is that even on 30 000+ LoC projects split into many files, compiling from clean takes less than 30 seconds. "implicit none", of course. I beg your pardon? I've used valgrind for this purpose on large scientific codes running with MPI on supercomputers. And that works fine. The PETSc team at Argonne National Lab, who write perhaps the most used high-performance parallell linear algebra library in existence in C use valgrind for debugging. Surely those count as non-trivial applications? Yes, I'm convinced that someone is already hacking away at this. Just look at the state of all eBook DRM being currently broken, and that's a much tougher nut to crack (and publishers have much higher financial gains at stake). Also, since no-one else has mentioned it: analog hole. Michelson and Morley called, they want their interferometer back. (In case this is too much of an in-joke: your theory was experimentally proven to be false more than a century ago.) There's this thing called a "jasager" that you might also be interested in looking into. Particularly combined with airdrop-ng. I was a bit shocked when I learned how that particular aspect of 802.11 is implemented. I'm on a similar kind of program in Norway, and I agree with you. Sure there are ups and downs, but most people enjoy and recommend the experience. Also, don't make yourself think from the beginning that those Ivy League guys are so much better. Go out there with the intention to kick their ass; that's the only way you will be able to do so. My project is part of an academia-industry collaboration which is funded by the Norwegian Research Council and by three external companies, and organized by a university. This particular collaboration is small, I'm the only PhD student, but there are many others, some quite big. For the people who prefer to bikeshed around gender issues and don't know their history of programming languages: this is not just a pun on that book, but also on the essay "Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal" published in Datamation magazine in 1983. Which is by the way correct in pointing out that Real Men use neither Vi nor Emacs, but TECO. Oh yeah, and Real Man is a gender-neutral title in this context, like "fireman". This setup should be able to do IMSI catching (total hardware cost $750): http://hackaday.com/2014/07/05/a-gsm-base-station-with-softw... Inverted brewing is by far the best, but if you want to stick with the standard method, buying a metal filter helps a lot. Able brewing sells a very good laser-cut stainless steel one. There's a fascinating example in computational studies that partly explains this: if you have people of different groups moving around randomly on a lattice, even a very slight preference (51%/49%) for being next to people in the same group as oneself ends up leading to a self-segregated pattern. EDIT: see e.g http://ccl.northwestern.edu/netlogo/models/Segregation When I started university I had a laptop with a 80 MHz, 8MB memory discrete GPU ;) I believe it was an ATI Rage LT Pro. I've also seen it suggested that the oil price drop is a "stealth" sanction against Russia, but I don't follow the logic. Why do the Saudis want to sanction Russia? Unless one presumes some unspecified quid-pro-quo conspiracy between the US and the Saudis, I don't see it. I thrink driving the volatility up like this slows the investment rate in US shale oil significantly, and that's what the Saudis are doing. There was a discussion of this a few weeks ago on the mailinglist of a scientific software project I use. The people were very clearly divided into the "Flash does it, so it's ok" and "omg no, think of the user privacy" camps, it was quite interesting. That's a good point actually. It fits with the principle of least confusion. (The software I mentioned is a command line tool/library.) Funny story: two years ago, back when anything electronic was banned during takeoff/landing, I was flying to Svalbard. If you don't know it, it's a very beautiful, very cold island north of Norway. During final approach, the sunset was so beautiful that the flight attendants went "ah, screw it" and turned on their phones to take pictures. Naturally everyone else did as well. It's also noteworthy that an apocalyptic or post-apocalyptic setting is vastly easier to write well than a modern technological society. Just the benefits of being able to limit the number of characters interacting to ~ 10 in a plausible way are huge. Unless you're envisioning spacecraft with literally hundreds of astronauts, the first will be anything but easy to solve. Doesn't help having an awesome spaceship if everyone on board goes batshit crazy after six months. RStudio is bringing org-mode to those of us who don't (know|want to learn) emacs. I like it a lot. I, for one, think it's awfully naive to think that all collection of information by the intelligence community is an outrage. Authorities collecting information has been going on for about as long as our species has had language. I guess we had a pretty good history teacher. She drilled into our minds that any important historical event usually had an underlying cause, a corroborating cause and a triggering cause (and often more than one of each category). So for instance on WWI, we learnt not only about Archduke Ferdinand and the Serbian "Black Hand" movement, but also about the geopolitical frictions that already existed between Austria-Hungary and Russia over the Balkan situation, etc. You joke, but a fellow PhD student on exchange from Pakistan mentioned that one successful professor in his university (having published ~ 400 papers on fluid mechanics) would refuse to take on married PhD students, because their wives would limit their working hours too much. Since a large part of initial Tor development was funded by the US Navy and then DARPA, I think it's a safe bet that the NSA et al. have been doing this ever since the first public release. Nice! There was a different tool in the same category, aptly named "Comcast", featured on HN a few weeks ago: https://github.com/tylertreat/Comcast In the US there are, sadly, big financial interests in keeping the prison population high (the prison industry complex). Couple with what seems to be a very high reluctance towards giving someone who is mentally ill treatment instead of prison, and no real public mental health care, and you get what you get. I'm curious as to how you guys manage to crash the OS by using too much RAM. As an engineer, I semi-frequently use up all the RAM+swap on my desktop (running Arch Linux) by various CFD programs, blender etc. When that happens, I go get a cup of coffee, and when I come back the system is OK, except for the offending program which has segfaulted/crashed. I think you would be surprised at how much closer a $200 Canon P&S is to your DSLR than your iPhone both in terms of image quality and precision of operation. If you know how to use one. Example: this was taken with a Canon Powershot A610 that cost me $250 around seven years ago: http://folk.ntnu.no/asmunder/files/images/nudibranch.jpg In petroleum-related industries in Northern and Western Europe you can be looking at $70k a year after your MSc and almost 100 after your PhD. My starting salary was $68k after my MSc, worked 6 months before being given an offer I couldn't refuse to go get a PhD (unpaid leave from the company, getting a $50k/year scholarship from the government and paying zero tuition), expecting to make around $95k when I'm finished and go back to the company. This is on par with statistics I've seen for my industry. Social democracies and all that... Unless you're doing something extremely complicated, linking to data outside the Excel file or abusing Excel for a purpose where some other tool would be far better, this interoperability has been provided by open/libre-office and the various mobile office suites (read-only) for many years. Microsoft's attempts at vendor lock-in notwithstanding. This cloudiness is the wrong solution, the right one would be for MS to stop actively sabotaging interoperability. When I was in school ~ 5 years ago, handing in anything not produced in LaTeX was an automatic fail for the assignment. This was a department rule. I majored in physics though. Never paid a dollar for Office nor Windows (since I don't use them), and I don't ever plan to. Bingo. Though I have Danish friends (at DTU) who are not any worse off. Friends in the UK and France get less during their PhDs, but the engineering salaries before/after seem to be on par with what I said. Actually a quite good, if quite brief, explanation of quasiparticles in various forms. Alas, the author did not give his audience sufficient benefit of the doubt as to embark upon an equally brief explanation of the pn junction as an example, which would have made this so much more interesting. Full disclosure: I am a physicist. I'm going to have to steal your opening quote, for times when I have to keep it real*8. Source? If that's the attack, then it's well known that PGP is also vulnerable to the same thing: http://www.asheesh.org/note/debian/short-key-ids-are-bad-new... I can safely infer from your post that you have never repaired anything on a car. I'm talking about the "getting so dirty you have to use Dawn Ultra as shampoo" part of the experience. Glass wouldn't last a minute. I usually even remove my Casio G-Shock watch. zsh has a nice feature where rm is only interactive if you are deleting everything in a folder. Another safety feature I really like in zsh is to tab-expand wildcards, so I can check that it's not deleting anything it shouldn't. Saying that quantum mechanics is an inherently statistical theory is a blatant misrepresentation. Precisely the point that makes QM so weird is that it is not caused by statistics. In a (properly set up) double slit experiment, a single electron is simultaneously travelling through both slits and causing an interference pattern. Interestingly enough, Motorola is one of the good guys in this regard, and they make very good phones as well: http://solutions-network.org/site-sfhtantalum/ From a CFD perspective, I think this analysis is flawed because of two things: 1) any organization thinking about buying a 1000-core cluster will have at least one in-house code. The reason being that none of the commercial ones really scale well to much beyond 50 cores. And that changes the comparison a lot, since any external support for an in-house code will be really expensive. (If you've ever looked at an in-house CFD code, you'd generally be mortified at the coding.) 2) they say that hardware costs are only 1/3 of total costs, but they are assuming a slow-ass interconnect that no-one in their right mind is considering today. Once you go up to a real HPC cluster with 1:1 non-blocking FDR or dual-rail QDR, hardware costs are more like 3/4. And really, you need that kind of interconnect to be able to scale around the memory bandwidth bottleneck, which any code that does stencil operations is bound by. But if your organization is, say, a Gromacs shop working on chemical engineering, it could make sense. Well, from that perspective, an analog temperature sensor is flooding your ADC with infinite GB/s. For further comparison: the fastest CPUs you can get nowadays have an aggregated memory bandwidth of ~ 90 GB/s using four lanes. Yeah, well, 4x DDR4 DIMMs have 4x288 = 1152 pins. If you want to be two orders of magnitude faster than that, you're talking on the order of 100 000 pins, which is just absurd. That is a very bleak, and, if I may say so, quite sexist world view. Or I guess I should count myself lucky that in my work/social environments, people don't base their respect of other people on gender, but on behaviour and attitude. Also, I don't necessarily see vigilance against a potential attacker as wrongheaded. I see it as sensible, you're hedging against a very-low-probability but very-dire-consequence risk. No matter how close we come to complete gender equality, there will always be mentally disturbed persons who will attack people weaker than them. (Note that I am not saying that most assailants or rapists have mental disorders, it seems the research says only ~ 10% do.) I clicked this post because I assumed Non-Linear Programming. Was disappointed. For comparison, the cost of downtime for a single oil rig is on the order of $100 per second. Petrobras, as an example, operates 70 rigs and has a market cap of $125 billion. Facebook has a market cap of $216 billion. (source for cost: Cormorant Alpha shutdown in 2013) Edit: misplaced parenthesis => my first number was way off, $70 000 vs $100. Redid analysis, made mental note not to do math before coffee intake. Except one leaves the congressperson happy and one leaves the congressperson angry. Do you think the angry or the happy person is most likely to anonymously disclose this information to a journalist? Gah, misplaced a parenthesis. You are correct. I shouldn't do math before I've had coffee. I'm not convinced that the iPad was all that revolutionary, I think that 2009/10 was the year when the hardware needed to build a successful tablet became cheap enough to build a profitable one. The equally successful Galaxy Tab launched just half a year later, and Samsung obviously didn't start working on it after the iPad launch. It really was an "obvious" thing given the wild success of smartphones (not that the engineering/software/UX work was in any way trivial). Back in 2010 I was given an HTC Touch Pro 2 that ran the positively ancient Windows Mobile (hence "given"). Someone had ported both Android and Ubuntu to it, and I used it with Android as my primary phone for some months. The hardware was great, the UX on Android was OK, but had enough quirks that it was replaced with an LG P500 (which lasted for 2.5 years; now that was a great phone). So you really mean that Microsoft sold 10 million phones last quarter? Nokia knows how to make dumbphones, nothing new there. That those appear on MS's balance sheet does not imply anything about the capabilities of MS. Many manufacturers do actually sell you these upgrades. Mercedes has AMG chip tuning, Volvo calls their stuff Polestar (swedes and their funny english), BMW does it at least for the 1-series, etc etc. In most cases it includes not only ECU remapping but also cooling upgrades. As for throttling the engine to sell at a different price point: in many countries this relates to government taxation on horsepowers. I don't see this as particularly nefarious by the car manufacturers. s/power/torque/ And saying a Tesla would have no benefit of a gearbox is a bit strong. There are reasons to believe [1] it would increase efficiency at the cost of more complexity. [1] http://www.gizmag.com/new-multi-speed-electric-vehicle-trans... We do have pretty good aurora forecasting though, through satellites upstream in the solar wind. There are even smartphone apps for that, I'll plug this one that a friend of mine was involved in: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=no.unis.Aurora... This. Basically, Windows for scientific software is as bad as Linux was for 3D FPS gaming fifteen years ago. Just ask anyone who has tried compiling anything scientific under Cygwin. And don't get me started on MS's own compilers. They STILL don't support C99, a sixteen year old standard for one of the most important programming languages! So? The Linux ecosystem is the best there is for science. Period. Even OSX lags behind, just look at all the work people put into MacPorts and Homebrew just to get it almost on par with Linux. To this day, none of those systems properly handle the case of multiple packages providing implementations of a library that other packages depend on (e.g. OpenMPI vs. MPICH). Not to talk down on the guys working on that, they are very talented, and the amount of effort they put in is of huge value to the community. (Hello Sean, hello Geoff.) Well, yes, I'll give you that "scientific software" is indeed too broad. If I restrict it to "software developed by teams of scientists working at universities and research labs" it's better. And yes, lots of data aquisition stuff is Windows only, particularly the stuff that gets sold along instruments. But then, in that category, the trend seems to be requiring a (preferrably air-gapped) PC running XP. I've even seen stuff running only on Win98 still in use, and I've seen software for rheometers that is STILL distributed on 3.5" floppies. And don't get me started on the "needs-crypto-usb-dongle-to-function" stuff - someone should really tell them that the $300k instrument is a sufficient protection against software piracy. From what I gather, Qt has "won" the war, if there was ever such a thing, but GTK and Cairo will not be going away. What are your gripes with Cairo, anyways? Also, when you start getting into scientific software, very few projects explicitly state "Runs best on Linux" even though that may be the case. If you are looking for examples though, I will give some: PETSc/Elemental/Trilinos/etc Clawpack/PyClaw/OpenFOAM/etc Gromacs/NAMD/HOOMD/Quantum Espresso/etc Julia/Nimrod/etc Paraview/VisIt/VMD/etc OpenMPI/MPICH/MVAPICH/etc ImageJ/Fiji/etc GNU Radio/RTL-SDR/etc There's tons of it out there! Personally, I'm not too excited about PyPy, because it has little promise of speeding up the two typical use cases for Python in the kind of scientific code I care about: 1. Python is used to setup/glue together code that is written in a compiled langugage. 2. Someone writes a code by starting out writing everything in Python, then profiling and identifying the slow parts, and then writing these in a compiled language. Edit: example of 1): HOOMD-blue, example of 2): PyClaw. We had to explain this repeatedly to several vendors the last time we were buying a small-ish (30 TB) file server. They seemed very skeptical of this concept that we were storing lots of data in compressed binary formats. We are actually not so far away from hitting the ceiling with batteries. There are fundamental physical reasons for why you can't put much more than 1eV per atom in a battery. That equates roughly to 850 Wh/kg, if memory serves, and we are currently pushing Li-ion towards 300 Wh/kg. So we can only keep growing at 5% for another couple of decades or so. Regardless of battery chemistry. What people often do to hide this fact is talk about energy density, Wh/L, where growth can continue for longer, at the expense of making batteries heavier. I think it is misleading to say it was due to reduce power demands. Rather it was due to needing to cool the damned things. If you were to have a 500W TDP chip, you would either need a crazy huge cooling system or a much bigger surface area. Consumers want light and thin, so Bob's your uncle. The 1eV per atom is really a rule of thumb, but easy to understand: At that value you are getting dangerously close to the ionization energy 13.6 eV for hydrogen, 5.4 eV for lithium), so you can no longer have a chemical battery. Note also that this is average eV for all atoms in the battery, so those actually providing electricity will be carrying atound 1.5 - 2 eV. See e.g. here: http://www.ohio.edu/people/piccard/radnotes/radioactive.html Aluminium was a useless novelty because we were unable to manufacture lots of it back then. Something to do with electrolysis requiring lots of electricity, I believe, and there weren't a huge number of electric powerplants operating in 1880. If it makes you feel any better, this would take up at least one two-hour lecture in a decent graduate-level university course on GR. If you are going to try and comprehend it on you own, I am personally fond of Simmonds' "A brief on tensor analysis" as an introduction to the way vectors are understood here. Why do you take your laptop home with you? Why not just leave it plugged in at work (or get a workstation with more power for less money)? Surely you can ssh (or vpn) in if you need to work from home? I was going for sarcasm, but oh well. And you could argue that the HH process would have been invented earlier if electrical powerplants has been invented earlier; the simultaneity of these two historical events is remarkable: the world's first public powerplant opened just 4 years before the discovery of the HH process. Here's a great article giving an even more indepth look at camera sensor technology: http://www.olympusmicro.com/primer/digitalimaging/cmosimages... FWIW, bitbucket lets you define the language of your repos. I've had good success with .svg from ggplot2. The only issue I've seen is that the legend for continuous color maps is glitchy. Especially if you try to touch up the plot in Inkscape. Regarding declining magstripe transactions: a friend of mine had a card with a literally broken (in half) chip. The magstripe still worked fine for many purchases in the UK, in particular, he never had any issues withdrawing cash from ATMs. So my guess is that cloning the magstripe onto a card with a deliberately broken chip will work in many situations. LEDs may have 50k hour lifetimes, but that's very far from true of the constant current drivers. I've had several expensive (Phillips/GE) LED bulbs fail after a year of sparse usage. That's more like 1.5k hours. The cheap chinese ones I also tried lasted on average four months (I bought 8 bulbs), all of them blew up electrolytic capacitors on the buckpucks (with release of magic smoke). As for the needing an electrician part: remote socket receivers are a well proven, cheap and safe technology requiring no electrician to install it. IMO, the Telldus offerings are the best solution for wireless/smart light controls. You really should check out Telldus ( http://www.telldus.se ). Their Tellstick Net is simple enough that my father installed his own setup at the summer house, where he has a thermo sensor and two heaters plugged in to remote socket receivers. So when my parents are going there for the weekend, he checks the app on his phone before leaving to see how cold it is, turns on one or both heaters from the app, and the place is warm when they arrive. All of this is available in brick-and-mortar stores in Europe, total cost is something like $200. If you do wish to purchase new books, get them from overseas. The "let's make an expensive US version and then a cheaper but identical international version, the latter being illegal to sell in the US" practice is horrible, and it is your moral obligation to circumvent it as best you can. When we moved in two years ago there was an intermittent earth fault, so we had everything checked then. They found the earth fault, it was a loose connector inside a T junction I believe. I'm more inclined to believe it is caused by the crappy wiring system that is standard in my country, where there is not a neutral lead and a live one, but two live ones with a phase shift. Neither the sensor elements in a camera nor the pixels in a monitor are selective for a single wavelength, but rather a spectrum. So we don't actually approximate cone response that way. The fact that we store the channel values as three integers does not change this. Many of the places that work well for solar panels are far away from the people who use electricity. Hydrogen is a good energy storage solution, to the point that eg. Australia and Saudi Arabia are contemplating commercial operations, nicknamed "solar fuels": http://reneweconomy.com.au/2014/abe-visit-may-hasten-solar-f... My personal definition: when you are getting paid to do essentially the same as what you would be doing if you had 20 million dollars and no obligations. Agreed. This[1] xkcd comic applies to almost every Nautilus article I've ever seen. [1] http://xkcd.com/1240/ Cars have been like this for years. This forum post [1] from 2004 discusses VIN specific coding, so that phenomenon is at least ten years old. [1] http://forum.roadfly.com/archive/index.php/t-8237302.html?s=... The popular CHDK custom firmware for Canon compact cameras subverts the write-protect tab on the SD card to be a CHDK on/off switch. So it's widely known that software may ignore this switch. I own several SSDs, but have never updated any firmwares. How do you get notified? I see. All my computers run ArchLinux. Guess I should skim through the manufacturers recommendations some time. A friend of mine, working on his PhD in a European university which shall not be named, is using a really old 15 watt ruby laser for some experiments. One day last year it would not turn on, and he and his labmates spent hours trying to diagnose the problem. Finally one of them, exasperated, put his elbow on top of the laser cabinet with a deep sigh, whereupon the laser promptly started working. Excited, they found a big piece of steel and duct-taped it to the top of the cabinet in that very place, with a big "DO NOT MOVE"-note, and the laser has been working fine ever since. I, for one, believe that continued economic growth needs continued growth in global energy production, and that we will be unable to maintain this growth over the next century for thermodynamic reasons. This will be the big shit-hits-the-fan moment of the coming years, not climate change or wars. We literally have to throw centuries of economics out the window. I see that none of you have heard of Carnot efficiency, or even the second law of thermodynamics. Even if we were to get electric energy from magical pink unicorns that produced no heat, the usage of that energy would produce waste heat. And no, you can't just pump heat into space; if we could that would easily solve global warming. Sometimes it's best to do the math before claiming stuff. Now, using thermal radiation from a metal puts your emission spectrum at blackbody radiation around or below 2000 Kelvin, and in that band around 50% of your emitted energy will be absorbed by the atmosphere (thus will not leave earth). Your heat pump going from 293 K to 2000 K will have a laughably low Carnot efficiency (the highest efficiency allowed by thermodynamics): for every Joule of heat you pump from the earth to the sphere, you have to use more than 20 Joules from our magical unicorns. Of these 20 Joules, 10 will be absorbed by the atmosphere and heat the earth. But you have only removed one Joule of heat from the earth. Thus your apparatus is not able to cool the earth, in fact it will be heating the earth by a lot. Alright, thermodynamics + not requiring magic (except the unicorns) then. Thermodynamics has everything to do with it; if it were not for the Carnot limit on heat pump efficiency, your proposed scheme for heat removal would work fine. If it were not for the Carnot limit, we would have no problem growing global energy consumption at 2-3% per year (i.e. exponentially) for a hundred more years. So, if you put your apparatus anywhere but in the low atmosphere, how do you expect it to pump heat from the low atmosphere (where the heat is)? I'm not on any high horse, but I'm surprised at how quickly people dismiss this problem as absurd. It's quite obvious if you know some engineering thermodynamics. I think people dismiss it out of cognitive dissonance, since they don't want another unfixable world problem. I like how you say "boutique shop", that has to be one of the most american redundantisms I've seen in a while. I think it's quite safe to assume that the first AGIs will require the biggest supercomputers in the world to run. Since these have severly restricted network access it would be very hard for the AGI to escape. If we're afraid of AGIs the system would likely be airgapped on the first runs. And an escaped AGI running in the cloud or on a botnet would be slowed down by a few orders of magnitude due to network latency, making it less ominous. Bottom line, I don't see the hobbyist/grad student as a problem until we've had AGIs for a long time. You tried making people and it worked? Did you use the standard trick for making people, or is this more revolutionary? I agree: whenever you find yourself saying "I don't have time to learn this advanced tool that will make my life better, I have to ship now!", you should really take a moment and carefully verify that this is a good choice. (Sometimes it is a good choice though.) In the world of science, I have colleagues who have said this for ten years wrt. LaTeX vs. Word, or even just learning EndNote vs. typing up reference lists by hand. I cringe every time I watch them spend an order of magnitude more time on pure overhead, and always getting stuff wrong, for every single paper they put out. Apropos your hypothetical Intel throwing restrictions scenario: Intel has been considering [0] dropping OpenCL support on the Xeon Phi. Which is exactly that kind of asshole move. Not to say that Nvidia or AMD are good guys in this respect... [0] https://plus.google.com/105097056044353520580/posts/81ddzBqq... Apropos your hypothetical Intel throwing restrictions scenario: Intel has been considering [0] dropping OpenCL support on the Xeon Phi. Which is exactly that kind of asshole move. Not to say that Nvidia or AMD are good guys in this respect... [0] https://plus.google.com/105097056044353520580/posts/81ddzBqq... The lack of a package manager is a good thing, since this is the job of the operating system. That Windows and OSX have crappy/nonexisting package managers does not mean every language should roll its own. If the police in your city are not doing their job, you shouldn't resort to vigilantism, you should stage a protest. Ideally. What do you mean? The materials it is built from are FDA approved for food preparation up to 100 C. And what it produces is very far from espresso. Unless you call your americano an espresso. Exactly this. My ultra-highend desktop at work has a 1200W PSU. I also brew upside down, and I do get foam. But this is the same type of foam that you get with a french press. I think the difference is that this foam is caused by heat, while a good crema is caused by the pressure. It certainly tastes and looks different. Using a usb rubber ducky to take over their computer and write an email to yourself, saying something to the effect that "I was stupid and plugged a random usb key into my work machine" would be much better. Of course this is purely anecdotal, but amongst my friends and coworkers I've seen magsafe connectors fail at about the same rate as normal power adapters. Usually at the end where the wire goes into the wall plug brick part. You are very correct. The huge problem with this is that it focuses on toys . Now let me tell you, a two-year old does not give a crap if something is a toy or a water bottle or a folding ruler from daddys tool set. They will play with anything they find. You as a parent have to be vigilent and responsible. There's no app for that. True. Although I think it would be much better for durability if Apple used the same wire/power brick layout as everyone else: have the power brick in the middle of the wire, accepting 120/240 V from a standard "figure-eight" cord. Then that cord would be the one that breaks, and they cost $1 to replace. Of course this conflicts with Apple's business model... Interesting. I've never seen anyone using it with the figure-8 cord. My intuition was that having the adapter stuck to the wall tends to often bend the thin cord on the DC side. As you say, that's what usually fails. As for the "Texas Tardigrades" proposal: the name sounds too much like "retard". Even if the local PC committee did not object, the opposing team supporters would have a field day. She also completely misrepresents both engineering and psychology. She claims that the consequences for lawyers are big if they lie, but for engineers it's the wild west. This is just asinine - in engineering, if you lie and cheat, you may well end up with human lives on your conscience. Also, I believe (at least I hope) that men are able to see women in a more relaxed way than boys see girls, doing far less thinking about showiing off. Here in the UK you can get purple carrots as well, but they're most prominently on display before Halloween. I would say you are wrong. You could reproduce someone else's research. But doing something novel requires that you understand a lot about which pitfalls make the simulation results unphysical, which I'd say takes at least 6 months to learn for a grad student working full time on a new topic. I once won a code golf "popularity contest" competition that was about dithering a grayscale image. The algorithm was perhaps interesting. More so my language of choice: Fortran. http://codegolf.stackexchange.com/questions/26554/dither-a-g... I'm all for bashing touchscreens in cars (and in general), but I've never seen a new car that doesn't have the "multifunction steering wheel" where you can control almost everything (usually not the ventilation though) without taking your hands off the wheel. They require a few hours of getting used to each layout, but past that, they're great interfaces. Not sure why you were downvoted, this has been well-documented e.g. by Beevor. You can read Excel in Pandas and in R. The Shuttle's design was also complicated by the military who required it to have a huge 1000 nm cross range capability. Yeah, because Northern Canada and the North Pole was very well explored in 1746... Not. Amundsen discovered the Northwest Passage in 1906. What do you mean, real-time GPUs? And: what interconnect are you running on? How does your scaling look? Is this just for embarrasingly parallel stuff? Just curious; I'm running multi-GPUs myself for molecular dynamics. Ok, I see, so your approach makes sense for problems where throwing some GPUs at it gives you a solution in O(10) seconds? Sounds nice if you know you hav problems that fit into that category. I found the Graphistry webpage lacking in answering the question "which specific problem does this solve?" Infoviz is too broad/vague. Yes, they're obviously not Scandinavian (where the name means male genitalia, plural). Funfact: in the northern parts of Norway, calling a policeman a "horses penis" is not illegal, as that is a somewhat common thing to call another person. Yes, this was tested in court in 2008. Oh, FFS. Tesla has done a fine job at showing electric cars are feasible, for sure. But without real innovation and progress in emission-free baseload electricity generation (i.e. fission or fusion) it has negligible effect on reducing GHG emissions. Interestingly enough, the number of [1] http://norvig.com/mayzner.html Linus Torvalds once quipped (in a discussion over Git) that "even if the choice of C over C++ had no other benefits than keeping the C++ programmers out, that in itself would be a huge reason to prefer C". Anyone care to explain why I get downvoted for stating an accepted fact? Take e.g. the IEA Blue Map scenario (50% reduction in GHG emissions by 2050), which depends heavily on electric vehicles. It also requires a 320% increase in nuclear power generation. Your imagination is wrong, sadly. The cement industry accounts for nearly 5% of global CO2 emissions, about half of which comes from the chemical decomposition of calcium carbonate (which is how you make cement). I let my 3 year old play with my laptop at times, by giving her a full screen xterm running bash in a separate tab on my tiling window manager. She mostly likes to type the letters she knows (her initial, my initial, uncle's initial etc) but it's surprising how often she manages to Ctrl-R or Windows-Shift-3 or some other combo that makes things go haywire. Haha! Fortunately, her initials are not all in ASCII, so it's not gone wrong yet. But true, I should set her up with a user account that doesn't have write access on anything. The problem is when some people claim that they just become overweight because of their genes, and are unable to lose weight by eating less. This is a stupid statement which is proven false by basic thermodynamics, and this should be pointed out. If you look at statistics from Europe at the end of WW2, or from the late 1930s in the US, how many obese people were there? Pretty much zero, because food was scarce. Stash is not just if your company is terrified of the cloud. It's also perfect when your customers are extremely risk averse and will not even bring their business to you if you host anything outside your own company, which of course has to be security audited into infinity. A company I used to work for once had a customer demand (and pay for the purchase of) a separate HPC cluster just for running the simulations for that customer. Because we could not guarantee 100% that it was impossible to circumvent the access controls on the regular cluster, which only had users from the same company, but not all those users had clearance for that project. What if you use random noise from a Cauchy distribution? It (interestingly enough) has no mean, so the amount of time the attacker thinks she has to subtract from her average depends on the number of samples that she takes, and does not converge as she increases the number of samples. I was replying to parent who was basically saying that a process does not work if people are unwilling to try the process. This statement is false. If I am unwilling to replace the broken on exhaust on my car, it does not mean that it's impossible for me to fix my car. Hmm. How does she know to use the median? What if I alternate between a Cauchy distribution and a lognormal (having different mean and median)? (Very apropos nick, by the way) I know it was just an example, but the rocket equation is just one assumption (constant exhaust velocity) and a simple integration away from the force balance coming out of Newton's second law. All credit to Tsiolkovski though, the guy was a true visionary. So by your logic, we shouldn't have helicopters? Using them arguably requires a lot more understanding of complicated things than git does. If you are up for a bit of a challenge, that will prove very rewarding, I recommend reading "Madame Bovary". Flaubert writes with such poise that it's like being there, experiencing the emotion of the room. But it's very different from a modern book. No, but even if your sysadmin team is crap and you have a 95% uptime, that's a 95% chance that your solution will be a backup on the fairly rare occasions that github is down. Unless you have some reason to have your downtime correlated with github downtime. If I understand correctly, the hard part safetywise is not making the vaccine, handling it and giving it to the monkeys. It's the fact that you then have to give the monkeys real Ebola to see if the vaccine worked. So the hard part is handling real Ebola and monkeys infected with it. What these guys have done is broken that real Ebola into two pieces, where one piece is only in the monkeys. So even in the worst case scenario that a monkey infects a human with "real" Ebola when they are testing the vaccine efficiency, the "real" Ebola is now unable to replicate itself in the human body. It's very clever. Edit: so I think the answer by k_sze is wrong, but I'm not sure. Is there an immunologist in the room? Ok, good that you clarified. I was wrong. You have to pay for hardware login tokens? In most of Europe, they're not only free, but mandatory. And, depending on how un-savvy you're talking about, I'd recommend just doing internet banking at your local bank. Just set all regular bills on auto, and configure your account to text you if something unusual happens (like your current account is running low). Then you should only really need internet banking a handful of times a year. I wouldn't (and I don't) have autopay on the credit card. Anyway, if suddenly my current account is emptied for some weird reason, I have backup funds that can be transferred to the current account in five minutes on my phone. Also, I started from the assumption of a non-technical person with "simple finances", so no credit card. It's amusing how, even though the site is "responsive design", we're all talking about left and right. On a phone the user sees instead top/bottom images. I guess responsive design isn't something you can just delegate to your framework and then forget. Fortunately the storage business has been ripe with technological breakthroughs since 1990, both for spinning rust and solid state memory. See e.g. the Nobel prize in physics in 2007. I still have my 8MB CF card that cost $40, I think that was around 2000, so for solid state the past 15 years have been insanely good. Are you really serious? Adblocking is trivial and does not require government censorship. And how does allowing access to Google let them rule the world? The valuation of Baidu is currently around $50 billion. Compare this to Amazon which is valued at $125 billion, and Google at $375 billion. Apple is at $600 billion. So you're basically wrong. I'm not sure you understand the concept of "order of magnitude". Taken literally, you're saying you think Github handles 10 000 requests per day, which is about a factor of 10 000 to 100 000 (4-5 orders of magnitude) too low. Ok, per second it makes more sense. I couldn't find hard stats either, but one semi-dubious-looking traffic tracker said github.com sees 10 million req/day. It looked like that was for just the front page; how do we even define what a request is? For more reliable sources such as Alexa you have to pay to get these numbers. With all the fuss about phalates and BPA as you mention, I don't get why UV-hardened polyethylene isn't much more widely used? Anyone have an explanation? Wouldn't it just be magical if you could download any file to your phone without needing a computer? Because that's what my $180 (without a contract) Moto G allows me to do. I'm not an expert by any means, but to me that looks too low-res to be useful for printing money. Still cool though. According to wikipedia [0], the code that recognizes money was given to Adobe as a binary blob. So no go even if you have acces to the Photoshop source code. [0] http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/EURion_constellation FYI, Magic Lantern has been a thing on Canon DSLRs since 2009. The sister project for Canon compact cameras, CHDK, has been going since 2006. Your Nikon D80 is already an embedded computer, the fact that it's running a weird OS only means the initial barrier to hacking is higher. But I do echo you sentiment wrt. stability. I also believe Canon and Nikon are very aware of this. Fortunately for us amateurs, the stuff used by professionals like the Canon 5D and Nikon D4 runs the same OS as our prosumer devices, so stability is pretty much guaranteed. Touch wood also here. Those are nice chips, yeah. Have you tried out any of the new DDR4 CPUs? I'm very curious as to how the combination of higher memory bandwidth and higher memory latency affects real-world applications. My first guess is that it turns out the same as DDR3-1866. Anyone benched it? But will it be slower for real-world applications? I've seen numbers indicating a ~ 10% worse memory latency. Don't know how that will be felt. Sorry, but I have to correct this. 1) It's very far from proven that water pilot wave experiments say anything at all about the quantum world. Most physicist believe they don't tell us anything about it, they just provide a simpler system that "looks quantum". This quote is from the article you linked: “It is not by itself capable of representing very much physics,” Oxford University physics philosopher David Wallace told Quanta earlier this year. 2) Physicists have no problems with handling/removing infinities, just see regularization or renormalization in quantum field theory. 3) In general, this comic applies to anything you read in popsci sources: https://xkcd.com/1240/ Have a look at Lua scripting for CHDK. Get a Powershot SX50 and a handheld stabilizer. Then make something magic. Re: your second-to-last sentence: it may well be that many scientists appear as if they are technicians applying existing knowledge to test theories. But that is partly because the only way to go beyond accepted theories is often to find where those accepted theories start breaking down, and then see how they break down. Because that wouldn't fit the bill of unbridled techno-optimism that is mandatory in (particularly online) popsci/poptech reporting. Sadly it's also widespread in the scientific literature, as "publish or perish" meets "won't print methods/results that are not said to be awesome". Why would anyone want more than 1080p on a phone? I get that > 1080p makes sense for text and vector graphics. But really, what are you realistically going to watch on your phone that's been filmed with a 4K camera and optics that match that resolution? The fact that phones are shipping with 4k video capability does not mean the quality is better than the same camera shooting 1080p, especially when you take into account the limit on bandwidth in the encoder chip, so 1080p can be recorded at a higher bitrate. Did you miss the fact that we are discussing a video codec? The comment you cite about IFLscience etc. is extremely poignant. Would you mind trying once again to dig up the source? Sounds like a comic I should read. I think the OP is saying that you should prove that you actually did the science, not implying you have to prove that you are correct. I think most western countries already have a national body that maintains a list of "valid" journals. Often also with a system ranking the journals, so your beancounters get more happy when you publish in Nature than The Hungarian Journal of Chemical Engineering. So maybe what we need is a union of these national bodies? Sort of like we have for most sports? I also think we need someone to put some real effort into making gdb usable for Fortran dynamic/automatic arrays. That's a real PITA currently. Another nitpick: 128 cores equals ~ 4 nodes only if your problem is not bound by memory bandwidth. If it is, 128 cores equals ~ 16 cores, and then the interconnect matters a lot. Great writeup though. I do think we need to get more people into the mindset that MPI won't be the standard in 10 years, otherwise it will still be the standard in 10 years. Sweet, thanks! I think negative reviews are hard to interpret, especially algorithmically. My favorite example is Arthur Kornbergs JBC papers on polymerase in 1957 [1] where the reviewers recommended rejection with amongst others the comment “It is very doubtful that the authors are entitled to speak of the enzymatic synthesis of DNA”. Just two years later he received the Nobel prize in medicine for that work. [1] http://m.jbc.org/content/280/49/e46.full Hell, I run Arch Linux on a number of laptops and workstations, and the only time I've had a kernel upgrade break anything was the wifi on my wife's old netbook some time around 3.12, and that was Broadcom's fault. So I downgraded to 3.11 (didn't even need network access for that), and a few months later on 3.14 it was working again. Most of the upgrade pain I've had has been caused either by the migration to systemd or by the decision to unify /usr/bin, /bin, /usr/sbin and /sbin into one folder. It's funny, because technically Tianhe-2 is the world's fastest supercomputer based on Linpack, but most of that comes from the Xeon Phi accelerators, which to my knowledge has been a total flop on the HPC scene. It's almost like a brilliant evil plan to make the Chinese chase a futureless accelerator platform. In civilized countries they are then temporarily given different assignments which they are able to perform more satisfactorily, or they go talk to their GP and are given part-time or full time paid sick leave. Pandas has native HDF5 read/write. So they could just do a one-time read from SQL, dump to HDF5, and enjoy subsequent fast reads. I've recently used Pandas with HDF5 backing for building a web app with Flask that does complex queries on a small dataset (40k rows, ~ 15 columns of which four are indices). Full stack Python, no SQL anywhere, it's awesome. Stick it in a virtualenv, fire and forget. The best definition I've seen of Big Data is "the database indices don't fit in memory on the beefiest single server you have access to". (And this doesn't mean you can claim big data because you only have access to your 4 GB RAM laptop.) It's usually no problem to keep a package or two from upgrading via the --ignore argument to pacman. Arch calling it "unsupported" doesn't mean it's inherently risky, it mainly comes from the fact that you can shoot yourself in the foot with it if you do it to something like glibc. Keeping a userland program like Chrome or Gimp downgraded will not screw up your system. Not only is the test limited, it is entirely irrelevant. A major advantage of (La)TeX is that the journal has a good LaTeX template in its Instructions for Authors, and you almost don't have to think about formatting. Certainly not about formatting references. These guys come across as high school students criticising Apple for having a flawed product design approach. The fact that they've never heard of version control systems says it all. I would like to propose a similar test, much more relevant to what scientists do in their jobs, where LaTeX would win hands down: Your paper was rejected from Journal A. You now want to submit it to Journal B. Your task is to convert the manuscript ao that it fits the Instructions for Authors for Journal B. I'd be very surprised if your desktop draws .8 kW when you're browsing the web. Your discrete GPU should be drawing around 10 W at idle, and you're averaging maybe touching 100 W. Yes. Humans were converting wood to coal 15 000 years ago, it doesn't require any infrastructure at all. We have large forests in Europe, Canada and Russia that can be used relatively sustainably to produce vast amounts of energy for bootstrapping us up. During WW2 they even had internal combustion engines running off wood chips. The article's thought experiment is useless, it's not even internally consistent. He imagines a world where we could be able to collect old solar panels, but all knowledge is lost. Now what on earth is going to destroy every library in every town all over the earth, but leave solar panels on the rooftops intact? A single small-town library would contain huge amounts of useful knowledge. If we include the knowledge contained in the heads of the survivors, the only realistic way of losing all (or even most) useful knowledge is killing everyone. The other big issue I see is: if you try to do any kind of population or cohort study with this, how on earth do you correct for the bias that comes from only sampling iPhone users? It's borderline facetious to claim that there is no sampling bias, and it will be a nightmare to control for. Minor nitpick: new cars are not without bother. It's just that when (not if) something breaks, you don't pay for the repairs. But you still have to go through the hassle of taking it to the garage, driving a rental in the meantime, etc. And if you take depreciation into account, you can do a bloody lot of repairs on a used car before it's more expensive than a new one with free repairs. It's hard to get that much pressure variation with an aeropress. The plunger is around 5 cm x 5 cm, so the full body weight of a male human (say 90 kg) only gives you 3.5 bar. That's if you're standing on your aeropress. A real espresso machine puts out 9 bar. Which of the two Hario grinders are you using? I have the mini mill, and use it daily for my aeropress without any annoyance. But you need to have a quite coarse grind (no finer than filter grind) and do an inverted brew. Grinding out something like espresso fine coffee is a pain. I've heard (think it was from the BBC Life series) that human evolution has sacrificed a lot of jaw muscle and other skull-related ruggedness as compared to monkeys, making room for bigger brains. Since this was obviously not a worthwile tradeoff for chimps etc. in the past, why should it be now? Killing sharks for their fins is also normal in several countries, that doesn't not make it an abomination. > we actually put the threshold for discovery at 5 sigma - p This says more about the sillyness of statisticians than that of particle physicists. Since we're moderately off-topic: I once made a gnuplot script that emulates the look of a Bloomberg terminal. Super hacky, but it works: http://folk.ntnu.no/asmunder/bloom.gnu and you need this file as well http://folk.ntnu.no/asmunder/fader.png Unrelated to the rendering technicalities, I agree that Computer Modern (the default) is not a beautiful font. It's the Times New Roman of the LaTex world, saying "I don't give a shit about typography". But throw on something like Sabon with a proper microtype config, use some nice large chapter/section headings, and LaTeX will give you the paper equivalent of world class latte art. It's possible that the "you can't shoot weddings on an APS-C" argument may be a simplified version of "none of the APS-C cameras currently available have the features a wedding photographers need". An example of such a feature is redundant memory cards. Then as more professional APS-C cameras were introduced the argument became invalid. And how do you define "better sensor"? I can always find a case where a "crap sensor" beats a "good sensor". As an example, if you're shooting a closeup of a helicopter in flight, the sensor in a $150 point-and-shoot will outperform a $5000+ Canon 1Dx, just because of the shutter design. And the shutter is an integral part of the sensor for CCD chips. The worst thing about DAB is how stupid the DAB manufacturers have been prioritizing. 95% of all DAB radios you can buy are $50 plastic piece-of-shit-speakers stuff that you have in your kitchen or bathroom. Even if DAB(+) were to offer better sound quality than FM, you wouldn't be able to discern it. Adding insult to injury, a radio in a fixed location with good wifi coverage doesn't need any of the technical innovations in DAB wrt. elimination of multipath interference etc. I recently came across this blog post [1] with the same title as that famous paper. But they switched out "scientist" for "programmer" and use a more graphical, less technical approach. It's probably better for this purpose. EDIT: To clarify I mean "better than the famous paper". The blog post linked in this story is also very good, I'd say these two posts complement each other nicely. [1] http://blog.reverberate.org/2014/09/what-every-computer-prog... The -Wmaybe-uninitialized flag can produce loads of false positives, and may not be very useful (depending on your code). The really interesting part is that a compiler that gives 100% correct warnings about using uninitialized variables can be proven to be able to solve the halting problem, thus it cannot exist. Why can't you just authenticate to github with your password when you pull from the dev server? Speaking from personal experience: start with a chicken, but the first couple of times, do it completely without instruction/youtube/etc. Then look up proper technique, and 1) you are less likely to misinterpret advice, 2) you are more likely to disregard bad advice. Why emacs and then vimperator? And why not pentadactyl? One word: dependencies. Of AUR packages on other AUR packages, in an unbalanced tree three-four levels deep. That's why most people use AUR helpers. I haven't seen pentadactyl break anything in a long time, but then I run a very vanilla setup. I'm the current maintainer of pentadactyl-git on AUR; if you try it and have trouble you can always ask in the AUR comments. I'm a little surprised that everyone is saying "avoid HR" (I have no experience with being on the wrong side of management or HR, yet). Can anyone comment on whether this is US specific or if it applies equally in western Europe? "calculating the net force on a spaceship between the earth and the moon" Well, that's your problem. There's a ton of physics that premeds should learn, but gravity is not one of them. Calculating electric potentials, forces etc. as applied to biological membranes would be infinitely better. Teach them the doppler effect, so they'll understand that ultrasound flow meter from the get go. Don't even get me started on NMR, PET, proton radiation therapy, ... Freeman Dyson proposed this solution a few years back. I honestly think it's not being done because most huge companies prefer to spend a little money (relatively speaking) on CCS research and kicking the can down the road. I wouldn't call myself a physics educator, but I have TAed many physics courses, and I had a temporary employment at my university's physics department working on constructing new numerical term projects for undergraduate introductory physics. And really, electric forces and gravity are both 1/r^2 laws, and the field near the surface of a biological membrane is also fairly uniform, so why not calculate the forces on a virus instead? It's a matter of piqueing the interest of the students. I remember constructing one numerical assignment for intro phys. for mech. eng. that was supposed to teach numerical integration of ODEs, so I had them set up Newton's second law for a soccer penalty kick, working their way up to including realistic air resistance plus Magnus effect. Boy, they were excited to be able to curve that ball past the keeper into the upper corner of the goal (this was Matlab and I gave them code to draw the path in 3D on a soccer field). So: if DBus was suddenly fast enough to stream media over, what applications would be using this feature, for what sets of streaming endpoints? I wouldn't be so quick to blaim run off without evidence that this is the main cause. Diving in the ocean in northern Europe you experience the same thing: you have a choice between 4 degrees C and clear water or 15 degrees C and murky green. Runoff isn't a significant cause of plankton blooming in the North Atlantic. Temperature is. The NodeMCU is an amazing piece of kit. I'd say it's the future for DIY "internet of things". I mean, a microcontroller with GPIO, spi, i2c etc. and built-in wifi hardware, running Lua, for $9. You can throw together "small screen showing live information from the internet" or "sensor uploading data to internet" for less than $20 total cost. The ecosystem is still very new, but it's growing really fast. I think this is (at least part of) why: "Another thing that sets Agda apart from other languages is its extensive use of unicode to make mathematical constructs more natural." In the ocean, iron plays the role of phosphorus. And it looks like the evidence for run off causing algal blooms in the Great Lakes is pretty convincing. Link plz! Would've been nice with some internal links in that pdf, especially in the table-of-contents (links to sections and subsections). This is simple with hyperref. Ah, sorry, it's just Quickoffice's pdf viewer (on Android) that somehow manages to not understand the links. Not to mention lots of financial discouragement (i.e. tolls and taxes) for driving inside the city. If your work is within walking/running/cycling distance I think those options essentially always win over anything else in densely populated areas. I recently spent half a year in central London, 6 km from home to work. I would run or longboard it in 60 minutes door-to-door, so even including a quick shower running was faster. If you count in the money saved on not taking the tube, not needing a gym membership, and the time saved by not having to do any workouts after you come home from work, it's a big win. I did have to limit myself to 3 days running a week (2 days longboarding), or my knees started complaining. Also, London: fix your goddamned pavements, they are un-bloody-skateboardable. We have invented concrete and asphalt, you don't need to use cobblestones everywhere. Even with the improvements you mention, London is still not exactly the most bicycle-friendly city in Europe, which is a little surprising since it's flat as a pancake. You should try cycling in Amsterdam or Copenhagen for a comparison. The interesting question for solar power is not "When will stand-alone solar power be cheaper than coal/gas?". It is "How high can we push the fraction of solar power / total power before the power distribution grid fails?". You need base power generation to augment solar/wind, there's not a serious scientist in the world denying that, and the numbers I've heard quoted say you can't average much more than 50-60% solar and wind combined. Right now, Germany is charging ahead on solar. Their current peak record is 50.4% of total power from solar, on a sunny midsummer day with low power usage. Meanwhile, all of their neigbouring countries to the east are doing massive overhauls/reconfigurations of their power distribution grids just to be able to supply Germany with enough base power, mainly from nuclear. Sorry, that's just missing the mark. In northern latitudes, where most of the world's energy consumption is currently located, the seasonal variation in solar influx means a 100% solar solution needs to do energy storage for months at a time. Continuing with the Germany example, the monthly-average production of solar power in January is ~ 1/15th the production in July. And I don't believe we will ever be able to get the whole world up to current western consumption levels. More to the point, we really shouldn't, as current consumption levels in the west are clearly unsustainable. I would imagine taking apart a microwave oven and pointing the magnetron waveguide into a parabolic dish could give you a decent drone killer - a cheap, compact AC powered 1 kW 2.4 Ghz jammer should do some damage. (I'm not able to reply to ghshephard, so I put it here.) My point about not getting everyone up to western consumption levels isn't mainly about the things you mention. It's more about the use-and-throw-away culture, plus the general inability of people to make stuff themselves. Imagine the impact if people started mending stuff and clothes, cooking their own food, taking the bicycle with a trailer to the local market to do the weekly shopping, etc. Not just on reducing direct and (mainly) indirect energy consumption, but on public health and general happiness levels! There's so much of our energy consumption that doesn't improve our lives in any meaningful way. My 2012 Smart TV (Panasonic 50ST50) is just like it was when I bought it. Most apps like youtube etc. have been updated, and some apps are a bit slower in the newer versions due to more flashy animations, but overall it's been rock stable and I see no reason to upgrade. I obviously wouldn't recommend doing this without proper RF safety training and experience. Regarding the FCC: Assuming a nice narrow pencil-beam aimed at space, would they care much? I agree wholeheartedly with all of this. But I think reducing consumption is probably the most significant thing a person can do to lower their CO2 footprint. My rule of thumb (which is fairly good across a surprising range of goods for ones that I've tested) is that at least 500g of CO2 is emitted for every dollar you spend, whether that's on electricity with our current typical fuel mix or on a cheeseburger or a plane journey. So if your electricity bill is say 5% of your monthly expenditures, electric energy usage is just responsible for 5% of your total CO2 emissions. This is very ballpark, but you get the idea. I haven't actually done the math, but for a parabolic dish which is much larger than the waveguide diameter, shouldn't you get a very narrow beam? Isn't that how microwave uplinks like the Ubiquiti airFibre5 can give you wireless networks at gigabit speeds over hundreds of kilometers? It most definitely is a luxury item, but not high-end luxury; it's interesting how the sales corrolate with the price. If you look at Scandinavia, the Model S is around the same price as a BMW 5 series and people go "OMG! WANTS!", whereas in the UK with essentially zero subsidies it competes with Aston Martins or the Maserati Ghibli and the posh people go "Bah, no thanks". No sane person is putting GTX cards into a configuration with that level of power density, you'd have reliability issues from day one. This use case is exactly why Nvidia makes Tesla cards. There are gigapixel cameras available for enthusiasts today, but they're based on huge (think 20x30 cm) analog film negatives that are subsequently scanned at 3000+ dpi. In long and complicated mathematical expressions I find myself selectively using whitespace to identify logically matching pieces of code, similar to LaTeX' \left( and \right). If I couldn't write (x-y) that wouldn't be possible in the same way. If I understand it correctly, at least for nVidia cards, when the GPU is running code in kernel space it is capable of going around the IOMMU and access physical addresses directly. This is required to make stuff like GPUdirect RDMA over Infiniband work. The problem isn't that Bob in Marketing's box doesn't work for a few days. It's that Bob (along with 90% of everyone over 25) hates user interface changes and works slower the first two-three months after a change. If MS starts throwing changes at him every 6 months that's a 15-20% decrease in Bob's productivity. The big reason why rolling release works so well on Arch is the assumption that the user is smart, so there are several difficult tasks which are pushed over onto the user (like handling non-trivial conflicts of software that the user may not have directly installed, e.g. libgl, handling exceptional circumstances, being able to recover after a failed update, ensuring the system is updated regularly, knowing when a reboot is needed etc.) A more mainstream OS has to automate these things. To answer your first question: I don't think there's any code running on the GPU in kernel space except for the DRM driver part of the GPU drivers. As for the second question, I'm not sure. nVidia at least uses the same driver for GTX and Tesla class cards, but I assume the driver runs different code based on what card is installed, and presumably turns features like IOMMU on/off based on the card present. Whether SLI also requires working around IOMMU I don't know. Per the nVidia documentation: RDMA for GPUDirect currently relies upon all physical addresses being the same from the PCI devices' point of view. This makes it incompatible with IOMMUs and hence they must be disabled for RDMA for GPUDirect to work. Sounds like they require the user to disable it. There's a lot of the "write X% in slowlang and (100-X)% in fastlang" thrown around, but I have to say, I've not seen too many such projects around. The biggest showstopper for me on this is the hugely disappointing top speed (40 km/h). I'm an alpine skier (ex-racer) and the only times I go that slow is on transport stages. This thing literally wouldn't be able to keep up with Usain Bolt running the 100m. It needs at least twice the top speed. The minute drones like these start shipping they'll be banned from all ski resort faster than you can say pow. Also, with a top speed of 40 km/h this isn't able to keep up with anyone who's past the rookie stage skiing/snowboarding. So their marketing is very misleading, either by intention or because these guys don't know shit about skiing. Sorry, what? How on earth would this be better than a headlamp, apart from the "look at my drone, my drone is amazing" part? Yeah, but I bet he accelerates faster. Edit: he accelerates from standstill at 9.5 m/s^2. I couldn't find data on what drones do. If you're going any slower than 40 km/h the only thing you'll be doing in a terrain park is falling on your face. This [1] cable-driven terrain park "for children and adults" pulls you at 40 km/h. If you're looking at landing anything bigger than a 360 you'll need to be going closer to 60 km/h. Ski racers are not happy until they're going (a lot) faster than 90. [1] http://www.al.no/en/html/aktiviteter/vinter/ski_snowboard_ca... True dat. But then the lamp part is just extra weight that also drains electricity from the batteries. Still, that's zero to 95% of top speed in one second (or 5 meters). Have you actually measured your speed though? Because the difference in speed sensation between a snowboard and a car (or bicycle) is just unbelievable if you haven't measured it. The pull rope I linked above is for kids with small/medium jumps, and that's 40 km/h. It's electronically limited to 40 km/h, so I don't think so. That's interesting. Way back when I was a ski racing kid (about 14) we once did a speed test where we closed off 400m of one of the children's slopes and put a photocell at the bottom, and we would hit 90+ km/h on that thing. Mind you, this was in racing gear with racing skis, but that was a flat-ass slope. The fastest we ever clocked in a race was around 120, when I was 18, in the worldcup downhill course in Åre. > the only process that seems to matter is "have someone really good in charge". I fully agree, and would thus like to recommend this manifesto: http://programming-motherfucker.com From the article: "How molecules interact at the quantum level, for example, is difficult to study in a laboratory and impossible to simulate on a classical computer." Sorry, but that's just flat-out wrong, and this fact is a quick google search away: "Density functional theory (DFT) is a computational quantum mechanical modelling method used in physics, chemistry and materials science to investigate the electronic structure (principally the ground state) of many-body systems, in particular atoms, molecules, and the condensed phases."[1] [1] http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Density_functional_theory Sure, there's a limit to how large you can go, but people have recently been doing DFT e.g. for the interaction between DNA bases and graphene sheets, which is quite respectable. Quantum computing may offer better scaling at large n, but since quantum computing is still largely unproven in practice, and in particular since quantum hardware gets much harder to design and implement as you increase the system size, it's quite probable that classical computing will remain faster for the next 50 or 100 years. You can compare it with matrix multiplication: we know of several algorithms that are better than the naïve O(n^3), but they're essentially never used in practice. Well, you have to keep your tounge straight here. We're a very very far way from doing DFT of protein folding, that's correct. But we have little reason to believe that DFT is useful for studying the interactions of macromolecules; these interactions are dominated by typical van der Waals forces, along with repulsion and electrostatics, and this doesn't need a quantum mechanical treatment. Then you're in the world of molecular dynamics etc., where we have no problems simulating two enzymes interacting. See this paper where they did fully atomistic simulations of an entire HIV capsule back in 2013: http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v497/n7451/full/nature1... I like the concept of semantic citations, e.g. "cited for methodX", but it's hard to make a general enough system out of this that doesn't disrupt the flow while reading. And in a way, we already do it, except that it's not being done in a consistent fashion that enables datamining of it. Getting publishers to standardize some markup for this would be cool, but I don't think the outcome justifies the added effort for everyone. As for several journals publishing the same thing: there are many problems withh that idea, not the least that Nature/Science doesn't want your paper with an 11 page methods section, they want something much closer to a popsci article. So you have to write several. This is already happening today, when someone gets to publish their supercool finding in Nature they also write one or more longer, detailed (i.e. proper) papers that are sent to more specific journals. Wow, that Registered Reports thing sounds like a fabulous idea. I think it could be an interesting solution to the problem that it's really hard to publish things that don't work. Several times I've read papers thinking "hmm, this might be worth trying", and then talking to the authors you hear "no, no, it's a crappy method, try that other thing instead". If the reader can't see the semantic markup, then what's the main purpose, and how does this purpose justify the additional effort required, both to implement this system in a standardized way across journals, and by authors who have to tag their citations with this semantic markup? Well, an arrest is not the same as being convicted of a crime. There's no way for airport security to know whether you were joking or mentally unstable and dangerous, and it's reasonable that they detain you whilst they find out. Bananas are for monkeys, and just look at how hairy those guys are. Better not risk it. Nice strawman. Limiting your free speech by detaining you if you joke about bombs when talking to airport security is completely reasonable. It's very well defined and limited, and giving up this right causes you no harm physically or mentally. Also, there's no slippery slope involved. I dislike airport security as well, but some of the things they do are reasonable. Come now. If someone says "I have a bomb in my luggage" (as a joke), that's hardly "on any suspicion". The person has spoken what amounts to a possibly serious, realistic threat, and the security person has literally no other means of determining whether it was a joke or not. I don't know the US system specifically, but industry usually has a say in how public spending on research (particularly applied research) is distributed. Usually the process is that they're consulted on what they think future prioritized research topics should be. Then I think there's no way that justifies the additional effort required both from people writing papers and for journals to implement this. The shell is completely independent of the terminal emulator. Fish is the former, while you're complaining about an example of the latter. (My recommendation for a terminal emulator would be urxvt with the tabbedex extension. YMMV.) Add a few things like top speed, range, flight time, tracking method, and you've got yourself a nice popular webpage/blog post. We have this thing called infrared. The military is quite fond of it already for targeting lasers. I know a few Norwegians who have cabins just across the border in Sweden, and they will take an annual road trip to Estonia or Poland or wherever, fill up the car with super-cheap alcohol and take it back to the cabin in Sweden, and then bring the allowed (tiny) quota back to Norway every time they go to the cabin. > When the grid is down Historically in Germany (and most of western and northern Europe AFAIK) a blackout is something that happens every ten years and lasts for two hours. It's rare and inconsequential enough that no-one bothers hedging against them. Wind and solar are increasing the probability of large blackouts, but the proper solution to that is building more nuclear power, eventually transitioning to fusion. I have good news and bad news. Bad news: the battery chemistry used in the Tesla PowerWall (Li-ion NCA or NMC) is not safe for marine applications. Only Lithium-iron-phosphate batteries, with lower energy density, are safe for this purpose. Putting a PowerWall on your boat would not only void your insurance, it would carry a real risk of setting your boat on fire. Good news: there are already several manufacturers that sell lithium battery packs that have been safety tested and approved for marine use. GIYF. You should use pentadactyl then ;) Close browser windows with :t, Ctrl-w does nothing, clicking in a textarea and doing Ctrl-i opens a gvim window where you can edit your text properly. And much more. No problem. Remember when the entire Boeing 787 fleet was grounded due to li-ion fires - you really really don't want that in your boat. If possible, buy something that's been certified for marine use by an independent safety auditor like Bureau Veritas or similar. I believe 2.7 will be supported until 2020, and RedHat has indicated they might support it until 2027. Having said that, porting your stuff to Python 3 isn't that bad. The automatic conversion tools get you 99.5% of the way, unless you're doing really crazy stuff. You know you can add a few "from __future__ import X" statements and start writing Python3 in your codebase today? That way you can at least take advantage of new language features. No, just add complicated-looking figures and you're fine. > playgrounds for kids are becoming more like jails The solution to this problem is to revolt. Stop taking your kids to the playground. Get them helmets and a kickbike and go to the local skateboard park. Go out hiking with them, even if it's just 300 yards in a park. Run on the beach. Let them eat the sand. Give them proper rain clothing and boots so they can jump in puddles for hours on end. Teach them that there is no bad weather, just bad clothing. Show them how a socket wrench works. Let them "help" whenever you're doing something, if it's cooking or cleaning or repairing stuff or whatever. And for gods sake don't buy them a tablet. DISCLAIMER: said activities may require physical exercise and actual parenting. Adding insult to injury, that paper isn't even 100% correct, there is a subsequent comment paper pointing out the errors. Here [1] is a full-text link to a better paper explaining blackbody radiation properly. [1] http://arxiv.org/abs/1010.5696 It's never too early to teach your kids about the numerous advantages of schematics printed on dead trees. Engine stopping at speed/failing to start could also be a faulty crankshaft position sensor. I've heard of that a few times on e.g. Chevy bigblocks. The automatic transmission on the Chevys just slip into neutral though, so you don't get the kick. I imagine you take half a year out of the stall speed converter lifetime every time that kick happens. But the big difference is that your failure was very noticable, so you wouldn't be surprised you lost power steering and ABS. As a scientist used to running simulations on parallell computers, my immediate response is "show me one use case where this is faster than four sandy bridge core i7 desktops connected with Gb ethernet using OpenMX to get low latency". Even though you can boast a decent core count, those cores are connected through a really crappy high latency network (the internet). Basically, there is no scientist in the world today who doesn't have the funding needed to scrape together four used core i7s and network them. Unless you can significantly beat that performance level, you're not "democratizing access to supercomputing for the scientists that need it" in any meaningful way. If you are significantly faster, even for just one particular application, that should be up front and center on you FAQ. No, the @home stuff is leveraging thousands and millions of computers. You have 18. From the slides you linked, the Epiphany board is 27x slower than a Xeon, so your distributed supercomputer is about as fast as a single desktop with a core i7, assuming you have perfect scaling. So, I'm confused. That slide says 64 cores, but the Parallella board website says 18. Which is it? You really need a proper benchmark. Another question: how are you planning to implement fault tolerance? If you're running across hundreds of nodes via the internet, the probability of one failing while my job is running is high. Are you going to run a fault-tolerant scheduler? And: how are you going to do file I/O? Does the user have to run the master MPI process on his/her own machine and do I/O there? Since you're counting a streaming coprocessor as multicore, how is your offering "democratizing access to parallel computing" when the cheapest OpenCL capable GPU is half the price, and the programmer likely already owns one? On a car (at least an old one) the ridiculously robust lead-acid battery is used also to filter out spikes and to act as a voltage regulator. If you've ever wondered why the headlamps on a kick-start moped flicker while idling, that's what you get without using batteries as a filter. Li-ion wouldn't survive very long in this application AFAIK. Is there a reason why you rescale the font size when the user inputs too much text? Changing it so that you'd have to really dig deep in some menu in order to put 200 words on each slide seems like it would be a big improvement. Beamer and the various HTML5 backends to Pandoc all do this and I really like it. Another interesting idea for population control is giving every person the right to 3/4 of a child. A couple then has the right to 1.5 children, so they can have one child and sell the right to the remaining half, or they can buy the half they need to get two from another couple. Or even sell/buy 1.5. (This idea is from Kim Stanley Robinson's "Green Mars") Have you considered that in a world without children, many people would likely suffer from serious depression and other mental disorders? There is a profound reason most humans choose to have children even though they're a lot of work and often a pain in the neck. According to the paper "Intended and Unintended Births in the United States: 1982–2010" where they interviewed 12 000 women, for women aged 15-24 either married or living together with their partner, a little more than half of all pregnancies were intended. I think it's safe to assume that most of those were first pregnancies. Personally I prefer syslinux, where the config resides in a easy-to-understand textfile, /boot/syslinux/syslinux.cfg, which can be on FAT or ext2/3/4 or btrfs. The only limitation is that all files that syslinux reads must be on the same partition. Grub2 OTOH is definitely an abomination. Whoever thought it a good idea to require compiling the bootloader config into a binary should be given a thorough slapping with a medium-sized trout. That thing is an overengineered solution looking for a problem. Actually, hg sucks if you're collaborating with different people on different projects, because everyone has different hooks and extensions and so they insist on different workflows. On git everyone has compatible configs and the workflows mainly differ just in the number of long-running branches. Yes you can write the file by hand, but what you write is going to get overwritten on the next system update to grub2. Can't be bothered to look it up, but pretty sure I've seen a counting assistance that was done with pressure sensor pads, a buzzer and a uC in the sole of one of your shoes. Casinos have a simple solution, they just throw out anyone who does suspiciously good for a long enough period of time (probably politely if they don't have evidence of counting). If you don't have issues, good for you. I'm not saying hg is unusable, particularly if you're using it within an organization or community that enforces a set of tools, workflows etc. But if you look at the github community where people tend to fork dozens of projects from a diverse set of people, that clearly isn't happening with hg, and I think the "Some assembly required" is part of the reason why. Git, on the other hand, is very much "Batteries included". From a 2-minute google search, it looks like both are ~10 psi pressure difference (psig). The numbers I found were 7-10 psig for a plane and an estimate of 17 psig for the soda can. So they're quite similar and it's not a stupid question. Well, the 17 psig number I found was an estimate, so if you found the soda can holds about 4*7 = 28 psig, I'd say we agree. I would say only the DIY part of the IoT is something to look forward to. When all it takes is $20 and a few lines of Lua to set up a display, some sensors etc. that's connected either to the actual internet or just your private wifi, that's actually a cool thing. Basically any time you've thought "Hey, I could use an RPi and automate this.. Nah, they're too big and expensive." This. I had one at work fail on me after 10 months of usage; got almost everything back from backups, but the timing was incredibly bad and I had to work some really late nights to pull through. Got a free replacement, but I'm pretty distrusting of it so now it's in Raid1 with a WD drive. That may've been a decent one though, because it's been working for two years now. There is no concept of revoking ssh keys, so you have to remove them from the ~/.ssh/authorized_keys file on every server you have access to, and delete the public keys at every service you've uploaded them to. For a revoking mechanism to be possible you would need a trusted third party (like a certificate authority) to verify the keys for each and every connection you make. I think calling a DE "a fact about the derivative of a function" and then speaking about "solving it" in the same sentence is a big source for confusion, since we don't usually "solve facts". EDIT: reading the whole thing, there's quite a bit of sloppiness and stuff that's flat-out wrong, like " the faster the cart goes, the faster it stops", or the statement at the end claiming that nonlinear DEs don't have solutions. In short: this needs a major cleanup. Exactly. I quite like the idea of calling a DE a fact about the derivative of a function, it's just the juxtaposition that is confusing. Your final question is very interesting, it gets at the heart of the matter: the Banach-Tarski theorem shows us that in your universe of infinite points and no atoms, there does not exist a definition of volume which is consistent. So in this universe the water level in a tub cannot be defined. On the other hand, there's nothing cooler than having friends over for dinner and being able to say "yeah, I've never tried making this before, but it turned out great". Fortune favours the bold. This is just semi-anecdotal, but for watches I don't think there's really a lower threshold when it comes to price. My watch is the $90 (sadly out-of-production) Casio MDV-102 [1] which is a real cult classic. I have it on a black and grey Nato strap ($10) and it does get me compliments from watch connoiseurs from time to time. But I guess there's a definite knack to recognizing cult classics though. [1] http://forums.watchuseek.com/f220/review-casio-mdv102-duro-2... Thank you, good sir, for elucidating. Yeah... That's not how encryption works. If I use AES-256 to encrypt "I'll be late for dinner" padded with a paragraph of Lorem Ipsum, even the US/Russia/China are incapable of breaking that even in a hundred years of supercomputer crunching. Unless they have a backdoor of course. Why can't the "other app" just fake a Dropbox-looking display that says "Sorry, service unavailable. Click here to try again." while it does malicious stuff in the background? And then pass to the real Dropbox once it's finished being malicious? You are aware that 98% of the highly educated people (i.e. the authors and the reviewers of papers) are not compensated at all? Sure, they're paid to do the research by their employer, but they never see a dime from the journal. "The only intuitive interface is the nipple, after that it's all learned." - Bruce Ediger Both headaches and sudden irritability are symptoms of low blood sugar: http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Hypoglycaemia/Pages/Symptoms.as... Science shouldn't care about "convincing people that we urgently need to address the current climate problem" when it comes to testing their models. Scientists should test their predictions against all available usable data with impunity. Of course you don't want to write about that in your fancy Nature paper, you put that in a climate modelling conference paper or something. >hedged on that bet I do not think that first word means what you think it means: https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/hedge_one's_bets Assuming people read their email in HTML and has their email client set/defaulting to automatically requesting external content. Sure, for a large sample from non-technical audience such as here it's probably a good assumption, but it may not be for e.g. a small sample from a tech-savvy audience. Maybe "put all your eggs in one basket"? >People DO associate certain high-quality Apps with the iPhone [Citation needed] Acoording to statistics like this [1], smartphone users are highly likely to stay with whatever they are used to. Thus it follows that their impression that "the software is better" is based on outdated information. [1]. http://images.techhive.com/images/idge/imported/article/ctw/... If one has any interest in quantum field theory, I would add complex analysis (countour integrals in particular) to that list. Pen: Jinhao X750 ($10) is a no-brainer. Or the Platinum Carbon desk pen ($12) if you like really thin lines. Notebooks: Rhodia, Clairefontaine, Leuchtturm1917, or equivalent quality. Should be around $15 depending on size. Moleskines are no-go (ink bleeds through page) Ink: Private Reserve is a nice starting point. I am particularly fond of their foam green. $11 for a 66ml bottle. Shop: I really like Goulet Pens. Good service, amazingly careful packaging. Source: personal experience and preference. Interesting. My X750 sees quite randomly varying usage, and I really like how it's easy to "hard start" it after a couple weeks of non-usage. Is the Metropolitan similar? Edit: after reading some reviews the Metropolitan is now on my buy list. Thanks for the tip. Updated to say the ink bleeds through. I use a Moleskine, but only with a 3B pencil. > Issues generating random numbers - I ran 8M simulations on 8 cores, but because the random seed was forked, I actually only ran 1M simulations 8 times. (Easy enough to fix, but annoying.) IIRC, even if you do your easy fix of giving the 8 threads different seeds, your results are not trustworthy since the parallell random number streams are likely to exhibit significant correlations. There's quite a bit of algorithm research behind quality PRNGs. > In fact, due to time reversal symmetry we know that the formation of the concentrated drop is explicitly allowed. To take this further: you can physically do this with a similar system (replace diffusion with stirring) for very low Reynolds number flows, which are time-reversible. It's called the Taylor-Couette experiment, you can see it in action here: https://youtu.be/k7ZZtxdtmeQ It looks like all the restrictions on common consumer equipment are only within a 20 mile radius. The restrictions in the major part of the zone are on high power transmitters (i.e. TV and radio broadcasts). With the OP's requirements I'd recommend a '94 Volvo 240 Turbo. (If we ever need a second car I'm getting one; my first car was one). New enough to be safe (airbags etc), some tinkering will get you 300 bhp, it's rear-wheel drive and has a perfect 50-50 weight distribution if you move the battery to the trunk (standard rally trick). Stereo still has a cassette player, so a $5 adapter lets you plug in your phone for music. There's not a touch control in sight, the ergonomics are well thought through, and it even has a crude form of dual zone AC. Sure, it's more expensive in gas money, but when you factor in the reduced depreciation that's peanuts. That the 240 was the same car for 20 years is an absurd claim. It's well known that the NHTSA bought and tore apart multiple 240s when they were updating the US auto safety standards in the 80s. It's also well known that Volvo has one of the most thorough and well-funded safety R&D departments in the world. The 1993 240 received five stars in crash testing from the NHSTA [1]. As for your 960: I can't comment on the ergonomics, never having been in one, but I know for sure that you can still get parts for it in Europe. [1] http://www.safercar.gov/Vehicle+Shoppers/5-Star+Safety+Ratin... FYI, gas costs $7 per gallon where I live. I'm also quite surprised that this article tries to spin it as very novel. We've known this for literally a hundred years. Moreover, there's no mention of the pioneers in the field - Chapman, Engskog, Burnett, Knudsen, etc - much to my dismay. The recommendation is for major revisions including a detailed literature review. In Norway, a 2h ferryboat trip can take you from a city where people speak fairly mainstream Norwegian to an island where the locals cannot be understood by most Norwegians (unless the locals make an effort and speak mainstream). An example where you cannot avoid lying to a bank: if you move to the UK, banks require a proof of residence in the form of an electricity bill or similar with your name and new address on it. But the electricity company requires a UK bank account in order to send you the first bill. How do you break the loop? The easiest way is to fake an electricity bill. We had a professor in quantum optics who would quip before doing certain things (e.g. zeta function regularization) that "the following derivation is unsuitable for people with a preexisting heart condition and mathematicians". On those timescales mass extinction events (asteroid, supervolcano etc.) become rather probable, which I guess could be what GP was trying to say. I believe the Xeon Phi is doing quite bad in that comparison, so you don't see much benchmark trumpeting from Intel. Here's one from Nvidia though (so add a pinch of salt or two), showing a 2x - 5x advantage of Tesla K80 over Knights Corner: http://www.nvidia.com/object/justthefacts.html What do you do with teas that require a hot water rinse first, such as most chinese green teas? One thing I've not seen addressed in this context: If someone wants to create mayhem on a highway, why would they not go low-tech / low effort? There's a number of mechanical and electrical attacks that I can think of just off the top of my head. Analogy: is it worth the time making a pick-proof lock for the front door when someone can just break a window? (I'm not saying we should let car manufacturers off the hook, just offering a perspective on the realism of the threat.) There's an even worse disparity in the amount of time required for those two processes. How is that ratio affected by your technology? Use a stepstone. This is really only feasible if you can get a user account some place where they take network security seriously. (A stepstone is a well-protected server where you can log in with user/pass and use your keys to login to other machines from there.) I don't think so. A single server sitting behind an advanced firewall/IDS/IPS system and managed by competent IT staff is a much harder target than a multitude of servers I manage myself. Also note that it's not really an extra step, you put in a ProxyCommand in your .ssh/config file. How about 15g consisting of a potent toxin and a spray nozzle? The Chinese did this in the late 50's with sparrows; they managed to bring them close to extinction in a (spectacularly failed) attempt to increase crop yields. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Four_Pests_Campaign There's a corollary to Clarke's famous law about technology and magic: "Any technology distinguishable from magic is insufficiently advanced." I'd say this is starting to become a serious problem. Or as the people who fight wars for a living say: "slow is smooth, smooth is fast." Use of the three most common neonicotinoids has been severely restricted in the EU since 2013. If they can withstand the lobbying pressure from Bayer, who makes literally billions of dollars selling these, we'll hopefully have good data in a few years time. To be fair though, neonicotinoids have become popular since the 90's because they are much more narrow spectrum than previous pesticides. In particular, they are not harmful to mammals, which is often seen as a good thing. I'm not disagreeing with you. I definitely agree that using less (ideally no) pesticides is the best. But moving from a pesticide with more side effects to one with less is an improvement any way you look at it. Also, I believe it's an open question whether we would be able to feed the world population without using pesticides. If you have to choose between adverse affects on soil quality and potentially having people starve, the choice for policy makers is obvious. Specially Designated Nationals. Wow. I wonder whether the people who come up with these terms have read 1984 and it's a form of in-joke, or if they're actually serious. I also think histories and biographies can be great for high S/N nonfiction. Good examples that I really enjoyed include "Ignition" by John D. Clark and "Excuse me sir, would you like to buy a kilo of isopropyl bromide?" by Max Gergel. Small rocks etc. is one thing, but going around a city there's so many manmade obstacles as well. Every sidewalk curb, cobblestone, pothole, with this thing you have to stop, bend down and pick it up, walk a step or two, put it down and resume. At least on a skateboard/longboard you can kick it up and throw it down again, or even just ollie shit. I skateboard to/from work every day except when there's snow, and have done so for years in several cities around Europe, including London. And let me tell you: major cities, with London as an extreme example, will never be skateboard friendly. I will pay for my skateboarding habit with my knees when I get old. Some places have even started adding these ridges in the sidewalk that are there to help blind people find their way to bus stops, pedestrian crossings etc, and those are absolute killers. No, even if adoption of various segway-clones suddenly flies through the roof, the roads won't be good in the growth phase so everyone will buy the models with big air-filled wheels, and thus there's no incentive for improving sidewalks. Yeah, those are a whole other world than skateboard wheels. This type of segway-clone I don't see a problem with. Poster above says the GPUs cost $6k total, and cases that can fit 4GPUs aren't that expensive nor elusive. So I guess the rest of the system is made from unobtainium, or they figure deep learning is the kind of red hot topic that attracts enough suckers with money that this will fly. > I don't like the idea of otherwise very able and very skilled scientists struggling to do good research because they're not great with computers. The solution already exists: skilled scientist hires grad student who's done some programming + some electronics classes. Happens everywhere already, works well. Talking about UI and UX as a problem with scientific codes makes me giggle though. We have much bigger issues with reproducibility, providence, mandating codes be open source, even getting people to use a version control system, that we need to fix first. I can spec out a system like that in less than 1h, but let's say it takes 2h, ending up with a total hardware cost of ~$9k plus $200 to have it assembled. Are you really valuing your time at more than $2000 an hour? (What's you field? Mine's computational physics, but I collaborate a lot with experimentalists.) When I say version control, I meant for in-house projects, that tend to be just on someone's laptop and also a horrible mess, as you say. Most public codes are indeed on some VCS, git is very popular in my field. But reproducibility is a whole other matter. There's been some interesting work on providence systems that can attach all input needed to run a code for reproduction to e.g. figures in a paper, but until we've got a good universal one that journals start caring about, they're not going to see wide adoption. As for non-computer-savvy profs using grad students for programming: I see a lot of either LabView (for controlling experiments) or Python/Matlab in those cases, and it's often "write-only" code, but it mostly gets the job done. I'm also optimistic, but there are too few people working on and caring about the software carpentry we need to back modern svience in a good way. I'm down with you about calling support when your hardware craps out. But an ML researcher who doesn't know the difference between Haswell-E and Skylake, etc., will likely make suboptimal choices when using the hardware. Using GPUs efficiently requires in-depth understanding of how they function and how they interact with the rest of the system. FWIW, analog film doesn't clip in the same way as digital, but instead has a nonlinear roll-of on either end of the brightness scale. Still there is a limit to the maximum contrast, of course. If you're interested, try Tri-X for BW and Fuji Velvia 50 for color. Any late 70s Nikon will do well as a camera, the old 50mm f1.4 is particularly good and cheap. Tri-X is best developed yourself, but the Velvia needs sending to a lab that specializes in positive film development. Have you tried running either a *wrt variant, or, if you don't like poking firmware, any of Ubiquiti's offerings? > they can afford a bug bounty program too Maybe they're just being evil, you know, like Oracle. Even my cheap Moto G will do something similar without having an "ultra stamina" mode. I've brought it to several hiking trips where it's been lying unused in a waterproof bag with everything turned off except basic GSM so I can receive calls and SMS. After 5 days the battery reports ~ 50% capacity and projects it will last for 4 more days. Lower combustion temperatures give a substantial decrease in NOX emissions. Burning off bad stuff is the catalyst's job. Also, IIRC Box-Muller gives incorrect results if you're interested in sampling the tails of the Gaussian. And the less egregious "skimmed milk powder". Sure, it also has some protein in it, but it's definitely used a lot in baby/children's food as a sweetener just so they can say "no added sugar". I'm also surprised this is publishable, particularly in NJP, as it is a respectable journal and their scope explicitly states: "An article must meet the highest scientific quality standards, both in terms of originality and significance, and the research results should make substantial advances within a particular subfield of physics." Even if it is capable of being a daily driver, I recently saw numbers here in Norway* showing that more than 75% of Tesla owners also own and regularly drive one or more gas (or diesel) cars. I believe the inability to tow stuff, and the limited luggage space (which won't improve too much with the Model X either), are both important reasons why people keep their Volvo V70's etc. around. * (second only to the US in total Tesla sales, highest per-capita sales in the world) From TFA (or I guess that should be TFP): "Strictly speaking, no Bell experiment can exclude the infinite number of conceivable local realist theories, because it is fundamentally impossible to prove when and where free random input bits and output values came into existence. Even so, our loophole-free Bell test opens the possibility to progressively bound such less conventional theories." It's a bit strong to call it loophole-free then, isn't it? But "free-of-the-two-most-common-loopholes" is a lot less sexy. Nevertheless, cool work. > how can you prove that both particles were not having the same state from the start? But this is exactly what these experiments aim to prove. That kind of predeterminism is precisely a form of local hidden variable theory. Such a theory is disproved if we can prove the violation of a Bell inequality. The standard reference for understanding the connection is this laymans-terms paper by Mermin: http://web.pdx.edu/~pmoeck/pdf/Mermin%20short.pdf If we accept that this experiment is indeed a standard-loophole-free violation of Bell's inequality, we then conclude that we must give up one of three things: locality, realism, or all free will. This rules out any local hidden-variable theory. The mainstream view is then to keep locality and free will. Some alternative theories (notably Bohmian ones) give up locality and keep realism, but this is strongly at odds with what we know from special relativity, and indeed locality is assumed in all work on quantum field theory (through Lorenz invariance) which has been verified to match experiments to a precision above that of any other physical theory. The third option, which essentially no-one supports, is that free will is impossible in our universe and that everything everywhere is predetermined. No, that's not sufficient. Since the observables are represented by self-adjoint linear operators on a Hilbert space which for some observables is infinite-dimensional, there is an infinite number of states for each particle, so Graham's numbers are insufficient. As the wikipedia page mentions, physicists who work in the field and who believe there are hidden variables agree that experiments show these must be non-local. Nope. Entanglement has been observed for particles that have never coexisted in time [1]. This would mean that even your overly pedantic counter example requires that we give up free will: since we choose what property to measure, the first particle is unable to simulate the outcome of the second measurement unless it can simulate what we choose. (And yes, it's generally accepted that assuming superdeterminism, aka. no free will, allows a local hidden variable theory.) [1] http://m.phys.org/news/2013-05-physics-team-entangles-photon... Minor nitpick: given their huge focus on memory size, they also have to care a lot about memory bandwidth. That means they want Xeons with fewer cores per CPU, since each CPU (socket) has just 4 memory channels. Furthermore, if they can get away with just 4 DIMMs per CPU, they avoid the ~20% memory throughput performance penalty from memory channel interleaving. Crunching the numbers, the thing that makes most sense is 128 GB per socket, with 10 core CPUs in that, giving 2500 CPUs, probably dual socket nodes so 1250 nodes. (I'm assuming 2,500 cores above is a typo.) So each CPU would talk to 4x 32 GB DDR4 DIMMs, which are indeed available. This is also just speculation, but I couldn't see any other options giving as good performance. Given that this speculation is correct, it's hard to see how this is much different from existing HPC hardware tailored to high-memory applications. As for what your musings on interconnect latency: I believe you are correct that you can't really run with the multithreaded paradigm once you start computing at significant physical scales. Perhaps they want to move to something MPI-like for their applications? I doubt it. Actually getting an SDR with transmit capabilities up and running takes a lot more time, effort and intelligence than launching a drone does. FWIW, Inconsolata was designed to look good and elegant at large sizes in print, so it should fit the bill quite well. In proper scientific fields, authors post preprint PDFs on freely available sites like arXiv. Huh? All of them grew up and lived in Compton and/or South Central. When did that become upper middle class? And do you have any reference for them being music industry insiders? There's at least one documented case of monks and nuns digging tunnels between their respective facilities. https://zwingliusredivivus.wordpress.com/2015/08/12/fun-fact... No. Given how long it takes to build a nuclear powerplant, we need them right bloody now. Yes, solar is seeing fast growth right now, but it will also hit the ceiling very fast, probably around 10-15% of the average total production, due to the physical realities of power grids. Germany is the poster boy for solar, but they've installed three times as much generating capacity in the form of new coal-fired power plants as they have in solar over the past six years. Interesting, especially the part about the financial situation for coal power. But there is a serious weakness: it presents the false dichotomy between "keeping nuclear and coal, no more renewables" and "reducing nuclear while increasing renewables". There's no mention of the (obviously better) option 3: "reduce coal while increasing renewables, keep nuclear the same". And what I said about coal power is factually correct. Germany installed 11 GW in new coal power plants from 2011 to date. When you crunch the numbers, that gives you a production of ~80 TWh per year from the new coal plants. Now, as the article you linked points out, this has replaced old coal plants being phased out. This means their argument of "nuclear power was old and needed replacing, so we might as well just scrap it" could be equally applied to coal. TL;DR: The results obtained in Run 1 (which ended in 2013) from CMS and ATLAS have now been combined in a new joint analysis of the branching ratios of the most common Higgs boson decay products. The results show no deviations, even at the speculative level, from the predictions of the Standard Model. But uncertainties are being reduced significantly, so if there is a deviation from the SM, Run 2 data might find it. For me, the biggest takeaway from this is how mind-bogglingly large amounts of data the LHC produces. The LHC Higgs Cross Section Working Group is big enough that they're organized into 11 subgroups, and these guys are still crunching away at data produced more than two years ago. Run 2 will finish in 2017, so they will still be crunching that data in 2020, and the LHC will be running until at least 2030. You do know that this comic is mocking how the fundamental forces are taught at the high-school level, not our understanding of them, right? Either way, is really the best solution that women create their own hacker spaces where they can avoid the guys? Surely interacting with your fellow human beings and letting them know how you feel is a better solution? Now, I come from a European country, where things like wolf-whistling at a pretty woman on the street is an unthinkable act for a sane, sober man. And I sincerely believe that increasing, not reducing, the interactions between girls and boys, men and women, is the key to reducing gender inequality. Should've said north/west Europe. I gather such behaviour is more common in mediterranean countries. No, there is quite a lot of required material to even begin understanding quantum chromodynamics. I'm not sure you can understand it in anything but a silly way unless you're willing to do at least some complicated math. That's par for the course for a quantum field theory in a non-Abelian gauge. The problem is also compounded by the distinction between the residual strong force and the actual strong force. For sure I agree that the "ignore the noise and do your own thing" is valid if all you want is to hack on stuff. But I understand feminists (in general) as working towards changing society for the better, and I fail to see how isolationism accomplishes that. Historical analogy: do you want to go the Booker T. Washington route, and hope that there will be a Martin Luther King later on? Or do you go the MLK route straight away? Feynman described turbulence as "the most important unsolved problem of classical physics." Another quote, attributed both to Heisenberg and to Horace Lamb: "When I meet God, I am going to ask him two questions: Why relativity? And why turbulence? I really believe he will have an answer for the first." And the very related problem of the existence and smoothness of solutions to the Navier-Stokes equations is one of the famous millennium problems. LES is an approximation, and there are cruder (RANS) and finer (DNS) ones available. And while these are very cool and useful e.g. for studying how turbulence affects other things (structures, particle in suspension etc.) they don't tell us much about turbulence itself. If you follow the "related reading" link on the bottom of TFA, you come to a page by Glenn Randers-Pehrson discussing how libpng deals with decompression bombs. On the bottom of that page you find the following curious note; anyone know what to make of it? """ [Note for any DHS people who have stumbled upon this site, be aware that this is a cybersecurity issue, not a physical security issue. Feel free to contact me at to discuss it.] """ Ah, of course. That didn't even cross my mind, for some reason; bomb in this context was so obviously not a physical device. Also, note that Scientific Reports has no requirements for a paper to be super-novel/cool/hot topic, in contrast to the actual Nature journal. Anything which is decent science will get published in SRep; it's NPG's version of PLOS One. It seems Nature's strategy is working here, since many news outlets and the general public don't seem to be aware of the difference. Protip: googling for the energy required to create such a wormhole is a better solution. That lands you on this BBC story[1] where they've interviewed well-known physicists, and state that "As a very rough approximation, you would need the energy the sun produces over 100 million years to make a wormhole about the size of a grapefruit." [1] http://www.bbc.com/future/story/20140326-will-we-ever-travel... See also RMarkdown. It also has very good support for TeX equations, plus inline R code, and it uses Pandoc behind the scenes to handle multiple ouput formats (even .docx!) as well as bibliography. The big caveat for now is poor support for internal cross-references. I believe most (all?) Elsevier journals require the LaTeX source, so you upload the .tex, .bib and any images etc. to their EES wepage, which compiles the PDF there. When a Gopro 4 (that's been on the market for a year now) can do 240 fps at 720p resolution, I think it's a bit misleading to say the current state of the art is 60 fps. And it's fair to assume next year's Gopro 5 will have a significant increase on that again. Doesn't look like it is confirmed by GoPro, but the rumor that it's being postponed to 2016 has been widely circulated. If GoPro was releasing the Hero5 a month from today, they'd be idiots not to have a press release out denying that rumour. AFAIK, you can have global shutter on cameras today if you sacrifice low-light performance and high framerates. You need a CCD sensor instead of a CMOS (generally speaking), like you find e.g. on most cameras in the Canon PowerShot line, which do feature global shutters. For rendering markdown straight into PDF (and other formats), have a look at pandoc, it's really powerful. If you can make your markdown flavour compatible with (or a superset of) pandoc markdown it should be simple. See RMarkdown for inspiration. Tip: you will also want to study structure-preserving numerical integration methods if you want to simulate planetary orbits. The book by Hairer, Wanner and Lubich is good (but not for the faint-of-heart). As a father of two, my youngest being 4 months old, those features sound unusually stupid. When the baby wakes up at 3am, any device that subsequently turned on lights and music would be taken out back and shot. As for the coffee, my bog-standard Philips coffee maker has a built-in timer already, set for 6:30 am. It is still very common in scientific computing, to the point that some of the best researchers in the field teach online classes using it: https://www.coursera.org/course/scicomp If your car has a stereo with just CD and radio, but with a CD changer option, you can get aftermarket kits that let you hook up your ipod/phone/mp3 and play music. Some can even pass the steering wheel next/back/pause etc. commands to your device. Mandatory https://xkcd.com/451/ I have been to conferences where presenters from large US companies ask the audience to refrain from videotaping/photographing during their presentations. And I agree the premise is silly, you go to a conference because you have something to share. This happened with a few companies selling bitcoin mining rigs - they stopped selling rigs and started just mining bitcoins themselves. Since the linked proof was published in a mathematical journal [Bull. Amer. Math. Soc. Volume 53, Number 6 (1947), 509], I think it's safe to assume that Niven was first. In some sense, proofs as presented in a textbook should not hold your hand. The point of learning about proofs is being able to create proofs yourself, even if they are trivial variations on proofs you have seen. Computer analogy: would it be a good idea if someone showing an implementation of a double-linked list explained every little detail about pointers and arrays etc.? However, there are many things we can do syntax-wise to facilitate the understanding of proofs. I remember we experimented with using indentation (on paper) in proofs when I did functional analysis, and that was quite useful for keeping track of "variable scope" etc. > Whatever optical magic is happening in my camera ... is called 9 mechanical aperture blades. Apertures are magic, until you study optics and it suddenly all makes sense. They (Kindle Paperwhite or Fire) only show ads if you are physically in the US? Or if you buy one from Amazon's US site? (Genuinely curious here.) You're not going to get any sort of audio fidelity from the speakers in a tablet, so anyone who wants that is already using headphones. Thus it's likely that the people using that speakers can't hear the difference between mono/stereo for the content they care about. I believe this thing only has wifi, so that's not a relevant problem. In what third-world country do you have to live for your home DSL (or fiber or whatever) to have a data cap? Even back in the olden days of dial-up that would be laughable on the face of it. Also, the Lupo won't murder you. This thing though - in line with other "cars" like the REVAi or the Renault Twizy - cannot be made to even pass NHTSA or Euro NCAP crash tests, so they're technically registered as four-wheel motorbikes. I'm told that they fly cargo planes with salmon from Norway to Japan, unload salmon then fill the planes with electronics, fly to eastern Europe where the various brands have their continent-wide warehouses, unload electronics and then fly to Norway to load up with salmon again. This is made even more cool by the fact that it's fully open source. Not only is the actual tree open for community contributions and comments, but the technology stack is also open source: http://opentreeoflife.github.io Many projects fall in this trap. I use Awesome as my window manager, and the Awesome theming library is called Beautiful. Now try googling "awesome beautiful wallpaper"... No, sorry, it's not. That's already trivial: Take a microSD card with your info. Put it together with a couple of tablespoons of oatmeal into a tightly and well wrapped plastic package. Swallow it. Travel. Arrive. Poop. Voila. Also, if you bring big stacks of paper it will often be inspected, since a common way of smuggling currency is putting hundred-dollar bills between the pages of books. It depends on the amount of information you want to transfer, and how likely it is that you'll get a full customs inspection. A single microSD card can hold 512 GB of data; try bringing that in paper format through customs. Yeah, I think Awesome WM has reached enough users that the specific phrase is now recognized by google. But I remember this was a pain about five years ago. This is indeed a recipe for iron gall ink. Different parts of trees were used in different locations, but gall nuts were common around the mediterranean, hence the name. It is, as you say, easy to make, but it can ruin a good fountain pen due to its corrosiveness. Seconded the cross-reference gripe with Markdown. Somebody clever has to be working on that already, it's such an obvious gap. I think it would enable things like RMarkdown to reach "critical mass" Can you do that without causing performance degradation e.g. through cache thrashing though? Fortran performance can vary significantly when you move stuff around. That F22A doing a Kulbit: I'm not sure that counts, he uses way too much time to get around as compared to the Su-37. The author adresses this issue very eloquently: if your file system requires a Linux kernel newer than 4.0 to get decent performance, it is very hard to argue that it is "mature" and "production-ready". Build a small box with a piece of an unused HEPA filter for a vacuum cleaner, sandwiched between two small computer case fans in push/pull config, add some batteries and a on/off switch. Take that on the train and leave it whirring. Store it in a ziploc bag that you open after getting on the train and close before leaving again. You then have to send that sample off to a lab, since DYI-ing an elementary carbon analysis looks bloody complicated and expensive. A lot of this is down to history. Way back when lots of these blocks were allocated, not only was IPV4 exhaustion a non-issue, but allocations were either in /16 or /8. So if 65 000 adresses (a /16) was too few, the next step up was 16 million. It's even a win for greenhouse gas emissions. To an order of magnitude, each dollar you spend buying consumer products causes 1 kg of CO2 emissions. This obviously causes a lot less (as does most art). From looking at the webpage of TFA's author I'd say it's very probably airgapped and running some BSD flavor. There's HDMI CEC which could let you do that even better: the TV remote could have a "cinema" button that sent the signal over CEC to an RPi which controls the lights and curtains. I always used non-propellant inhalers when I was a kid (in Europe). I believe they are called Diskus-type. Why do you need propellants? No, I had both albuterol (ventolin) and steroids (flutide) in diskus form. Edit: link to picture: http://bloggfiler.no/tcmn.blogg.no/images/441858-8-126583454... In that scenario you're saying that the Martian landscape itself is not worthy of preservation, while any microorganisms could be. Both amoeba and rocks have no claim to consciousness etc., so why is one worthy of preservation while the other is not? I dunno, my non-interchangeable-lens camera (Canon SX40) has a whole range of features which are important to me and that the iPhone doesn't (and will never) have: * 30x optical zoom * optical image stabilization * tripod mount * flash hot shoe * 58mm filter mount * good ergonomics & no touchscreen * RAW files * scriptability of shooting e.g. for thunderstorms (camera triggered by lightning) * replaceable battery * removable storage That assumption depends on how many teams the person has been in. When I was in Uni we literally had just one project in 5 years where we were working in a team with more than two people. On the contrary, Xeon Phi has absolutely been a move to get some of the hot GPGPU market, and it's not working very well. AFAIK they don't have any cases where they beat GPUs on performance per watt (or per hardware dollar). So it's highly accurate to say they can't build something better than a GPU (so far). No, a lot of SUVs are basically raised estate cars . This is a raised sedan. When Mercedes did the same thing and said the new MLC (which looks identical to a Model X) is an SUV they got laughed at. When Tesla does it it's apparently all-OK. But really, they couldn't build a "proper" electric SUV, the poor aerodynamics would kill the range of a car which already has ~20% less range than the Model S. Even London has parks that are big enough that you don't hear noise. Richmond Park is perfect (it even has free-roaming deer), but even Hyde Park is relatively peaceful in the middle. Also, it breaks select + middle-click paste into e.g. vim. The Google Analytics key, for instance, I have to copy into another textbox and then reselect and paste into vim. It's actually neither square nor cubed, but you can use those approximations with varying success for different car shapes and Reynolds numbers. There are several different physical effects that together create drag: you have form drag, skin drag, interference drag, and even lift-induced drag (the last one essentially only on sports cars). Hypothetically: if I were to create a random website with ads and then have clickbots click those ads, would that make me money? So I threw together a histogram [1] of car CO2 emissions as reported by manufacturers for 1200+ model/engine combos. It's not exactly uniformly distributed, to say the least, there is a strong peak at 99 g/km etc. Now that's maybe not conclusive evidence that they are lying, but it's certainly suspicious. [1] http://asmunder.github.io/2015/09/A-histogram-of-CO2-emissio... So the point is that these official numbers should be taken with a generous pinch of salt. Now, when you talk about GM, remember this is data from Germany, so GM essentially means Opel. Now I believe that before the quite successfull Insignia which launched in 2008, Opel were mainly known for cheap and efficient and small cars like the Corsa and Astra, while now they have a more premium lineup, and "Turbo" versions of several models. Yes, a server-side hook is basically an arbitrary python/bash/whatever script with access to the commits being pushed. You can enforce anything server-side. It's no secret that GPU drivers are tuned differently to different games. That's a feature, not a bug. You can't expect every game to conform to some super-tight code conventions that optimize against the GPU driver, so Nvidia and ATI optimize their drivers for the various games. So they're estimating 30 MW at a cost of $250 mill., which is very similar to existing medium-size solar power plants such as [1]. That's interesting. But man, TFA desperately needs an illustration of that turbine geometry. [1] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Webberville_Solar_Farm With Pentadactyl (vim-like plugin) for Firefox, copying a URL is simply pressing the "y" key, and paste+goto URL is "p". I believe Chrome has similar plugins, dunno about Safari. R can also read both CSV and TSV just fine. Just use read.csv() or read.table() as you want. Same goes for Pandas. Indeed, electric power was a real issue for the Nazis. They did use the Norwegian heavy-water plant at Rjukan quite extensively, so it was sabotaged on several occasions. AFAIK, weather models use a mesh which is much coarser in z-direction. So it's a factor of 4, not 8. Another issue is that increased resolution isn't much helpful unless you also have higher resolution initial data (measurements). Finally, handling uncertainty means you have to do multiple runs. I believe the wall clock runtime of a single weather simulation has been stable at about 30 mins. for decades now, and increases in computing power is used to either refine the grid or to run more simulations with slightly different initial data. Then there's also the problem of postprocessing and analysing the huge amounts of data you end up producing. Tht sounds like a very bad idea. When buying a car, you already have to make a tradeoff between performance, practicality and environmental impact, but at the very least you have discrete choices and you know the car will be usable. If remapping the ECU at will becomes standard, what is to stop manufacturers from basing MPG figures on a map that does 0-60 in 40 seconds? Where would you draw the line for the definition of misleading consumers? Or what's to stop rednecks from constantly running sky-high NOx and CO2 emissions? My sincere apologies if this offended anyone. What would be an appropriate term in this context? Edit: I'm not a native speaker and have heard this term in use in the media to the point where I did not believe it to be a "racial slur" as wikipedia says it is. So, say I want, for instance, to represent the stereotype person who rolls coal on their diesel pickup and believes global warming is a left-wing conspiracy. Look it up on youtube if you don't know what rolling coal is. (We can get into a whole debate on whether stereotypes are inherently good or bad, but that's not the point. They're a very effective commumication tool, which is why humans are so quick to label and group other humans, but obviously they're only to be used when not offensive.) Really? Just by looking at the figure, bruteforcing for a couple of minutes and then noticing a solution which gives the same problem but 6x6 instead of 8x8, I was able to solve this without even pen and paper. Unless you're talking about an extremely abstract class of problems, I don't think that statement is true. True. But the typical Norwegian words for he-who-shall-not-be-named may not carry the same connotations in an international context: "the terrorist", "the perpetrator", "the murderer", etc. So it may not be that simple to translate it. Plus, journalists in general aren't the most eloquent and precise of wordsmiths. The reason people perceive diesels to be better is that they have much flatter torque vs RPM curves, so any schmuck can make them accelerate without shifting to the correct gear. If diesel engines gave better performance at the same amount of horsepowers, and used less fuel, why don't we see diesel engines used in horsepower-limited racing car classes? Why has Ferrari and Lamborghini not ever offered a single diesel engine? The LMP1 class is not restricted by horsepower, which is what I said. Nascar or WRC would be examples of classes with horsepower limits. How about code written in C11? Or Fortran 95? Throw in a couple of numerical libraries you want to link to, maybe CUDA or some MPI or an optimized BLAS/LAPACK, and it's an all night party. I lurk on a few sci.comp mailing lists, and the number and nature of problems that the Windows people have with compiling is crazy compared to Linux where the OS actually has a package manager and stuff Just Works. As for cmake, I don't think it's any better than (gnu)make. I've seen big projects with complex buildsystems (eg. PETSc from Argonne) switch to cmake and then switch back again to make quite quickly. A frequent "problem" with make, I think, is that people learn just enough about makefiles to compile HelloWorld.cpp and then use that knowledge for everything. The cool thing about the modern way of approaching natural products is that it's reaching far beyond what traditional herbal medicine is able to. Case in point, I heard of a promising new antibiotic that originated from a soil bacterium found in a random grassy field in the US somewhere. The latest edition of Foreign Policy has a good piece on these things. Like literally any research organization or university anywhere today. The Node.js addon linked in this story ("volkswagen") credits the PHP addon which you link to ("phpunit-vw") as their inspiration. It seems somehow very appropriate that the Node.js version is the one that gets to the frontpage of HN even though the original idea was a PHP thing. Edit: and the PHP one was posted to HN yesterday, getting much less attention. I'm still waiting on systemd getting its own text editor, with keybindings that are a random combination of emacs and vim ones, at which point all config files will switch to a binary format that cannot be read by normal editors. I can't say I agree. Does Restart=always mean the service is restarted if it is killed? Or something else? Why is there a block named [Install]? Why would my service file need to be installed? What is multi-user.wants? How do I know that this sorta-kinda-but-not-really corresponds to Runlevel 5? IKEA also frequently use first names (for people), e.g. Billy or Erik, and even abstract words, e.g. Poäng (point, as in "that's a good point".). As for jf: I searched through the pdf of a 1300 page Norwegian dictionary, and the single word in there containing jf is the abbreviation "jfr." which is the same as the abbreviation "cf." (confer) in English. So jf appears to be a very good choice. As an example of where it's not just personal preference: makefiles require actual tabs, not spaces, in the indentation in recipes for targets. And in Python, mixing tabs and spaces will cause flow control to do something different than what you intend it to. In vim you can handle tabs on a per-filetype basis, eg. I have red syntax highlighting of spaces for indentation in makefiles. I don't think the author is suggesting Purdue should cease all classified research, but that the rules governing classified research should only apply to that research, not all of the university. The question he poses is extremely interesting: are students at Purdue effectively banned from doing a thesis on the foreign policy implications of the Manning or Snowden leaks? That would be very black mark on their record. Ah, hadn't thought of that. I had a feeling there had to be more words, but couldn't come up with any off the top of my head. Apparently I write very little Norwegian in vim (I use jk for Esc). main /= only. And I'd like to see a source for the assertion that it's the main browser for millions. Facebook is kinda out these days, most of my friends (predominantly not working in technology) don't post anything there except birthday greetings, use it as an event planning/invite tool, and send the occasional message. Pie charts are good if you want to say e.g. "Hey! A large parr of our problems are caused by X!" That's actually what Florence Nightingale used them for when she popularized them, she showed the British military leaders that "Hey! Most of our troop deaths are caused by infections in soldiers with minor injuries! We can fix that!" This sounds like a very strange system to me. Where I graduated (and I believe in most of Europe) the university has to have allocated the full funding for the entire PhD for a student before that student is admitted. So the university cannot afford to run a scheme like you describe, which is good since that sounds to me like a borderline predatory system. So the CEO says "it's the first time that anyone's demonstrated a technology that captures CO2 that has the potential to be scaled up to be large enough to be relevant from an environmental or climate point of view." How about the Bondary Dam full-scale CCS plant that came online a year ago and is currently removing about a million tons of CO2 annually? Doesn't that count? I don't think anyone is questioning the ability of that technology to be scaled further. Mythbusters tried this, wrapping a person in bubblewrap, and could drop Adam from 15 ft. But the limit they hit was that the weight of the bubblewrap they were putting around him was becoming uncomfortably high. Part of the reason why you can't just take the egg result and scale it up is called the square-cube-law. Yes,R&D is technically paid off as soon as it completes, but paying off the R&D is an investment and the company obviously wants a return on this investment. FWIW, you have the exact same system with college textbooks: the International Edition we get in Europe is often 30-50% cheaper than the US Edition, and has big letters saying "Not for sale in the US or Canada". Then you also have a further Low Price Edition, saying "Not for sale outside India, Pakistan, ..." which I've seen at 1/10th of the US price, though usually printed on lower quality paper and lagging an edition behind. This suggests that pharma is not a special case. And you can't point to any huge R&D costs for textbooks that are subsidized by the US. > Students in the US are already comfortable paying enormous amount of money for the education, students in Europe much less so and students in India and Pakistan simply can't afford to pay what US students can. Yes, exactly. Substitute "people" for "students" and "health care" for "education" and you have also explained the price differences in the cost of drugs. No, certainly not. You just reminded me of a properly funny UnNews story from back in the days: http://uncyclopedia.wikia.com/wiki/UnNews:RIAA_CEO_discusses... (Probably needs a trigger warning in this day and age.) Coarse rule-of-thumb: running on Geforce class GPUs you can get up to 5x, maaaybe 10x the performance per dollar as compared to a top-line CPU. Assuming your problem scales well on GPUs, many problems don't. The GTX980 is actually a great performer. For Tesla class systems like the K40 it's a lot closer to equal with the CPU on performance/$ (they're not much faster than the GTX980 but a lot more expensive). But you can get an edge with the Teslas when you start comparing multi-GPU clusters to multi-CPU clusters, since with GPUs you need less of the super-expensive interconnect hardware. (You're not going to put GTX cards in a cluster, you'd have massive reliability problems.) IMHO, the guys showing 100x speedups on GPUs are Doing It Wrong; they use a poor implementation on the CPU, use just one CPU core, consider a very synthetic benchmark, or a bunch of other tricks. Radar systems are fairly common on boats larger than ~30 ft, and you can operate those without any license at all. The latest generation devices are all broadband, working on the principle that if you spread your broadcast over a wide enough range, the power you're broadcasting on any given band is very low, i.e. legal and not causing interference for others. Maybe this guy is working off the same principle? How is #FF0000 a poor choice for "red"? It's basically the definition. Edit: and the color called "blue" in the image on top of the Munsell system wiki page is not blue, it's some shade of teal. http://www.catb.org/jargon/html/Z/Zawinskis-Law.html I've done a bit of Blender Python scripting, and it's a bloody pain. The API is very much an afterthought, and it can't be much used by anyone. As an example, function calls in your script do different things based on which part of the UI has mouse focus. It's very easy to make loops eat all your RAM, hang everything for a few minutes and then segfault. I've even had it crash my X session. And the built-in IDE is crap. /rant I did most of the stuff on 2.7 and late 2.6. I believe what you say is true though, the interface is built on top of Python, so every button in the UI corresponds to a Python function. That has both pros and cons, I guess. Probably yes. A really nice feature is that you can hover over a button and see the name of that Python function. Then it's hard to know if you're supposed to do it that way or not when scripting. Another gripe I remember is that angles in the UI are specified in degrees and in Python they are specified in radians. It appears that most tests done by Theranos are using the same techniques as any other lab, so naturally the variances would be similar. The only test their Edison machine is FDA approved for is herpes simplex. They have caught some flak, however, for allegedly diluting blood samples before standard analysis. Ah, sorry, fixed. Your comment leads me to believe you're taking issue with the fact that weapons are made illegal, not with the actual buyback? If you agree that weapon category X (for argument's sake, let's say grenade launchers) should be made illegal, what reason would you have for opposing mandatory buyback of these now-illegal weapons? (The financial compensation in question was on average ~$550 per gun.) > People have personal drones to follow them on bike rides or runs, carrying supplies and lighting the way at night. Have you heard of these recent groundbreaking inventions called the "backpack" and the "headlamp"? I gather they last a lot longer before needing a recharge, can carry a lot more weight, and that they work much better when there are obstacles such as trees around. IIRC, it wasn't that patients reported increased blodflow down there, but that a unusually large number of patients didn't return the drugs after the trial ended. So the researchers asked around, and learned that they trial patients didn't want to give up this "bonus". When I lived closer to work I used to run every day both ways, 12km in total, so 60 km per week. (Nowadays I run with my child in a jogging stroller, so I don't need a backpack, and it's a hilly 8km one way so I don't do it every day.) Now I always wore a backpack with a chest strap like you said, and I never had a harder time breathing than normally. It wasn't a giant pain. And I didn't have problems with getting the things inside the backpack sweaty. For reference, this is a 13 liter standard cheap daytrip backpack. If you want to get fancy, Salomon do a vest-like backpack that has a good rep in ultrarunner crowd, with literally no bounce whatsoever. My experience with headlamps is more limited, but have you tried the type with the battery pack not on your head? The key to reducing bounce is reducing sprung weight. I haven't seen data for THC, but for regular smoking: after smoking inside restaurants and bars was banned in Norway, the frequency of waitresses giving birth prematurely or giving birth to babies weighing less than 1500g was significantly reduced [1]. [1] http://www.econstor.eu/bitstream/10419/67237/1/730406490.pdf Well, Tesla buys their batteries from Panasonic. And the motor is a standard induction motor, not very different from what the actual (Nikolai) Tesla invented back in 1887. I agree that their control system is going to be fairly complicated, since induction motors require the AC frequency to be a function of the torque as well as the RPM. But then most applications outside "quick 0-60 pure electric car" use brushless DC motors instead, where the controllers are simpler. Even the insane McLaren P1 hybrid, which eats Teslas for breakfast, uses a brushless DC motor. So I'm not sure there is as much of a market for Tesla's expertise as you'd think. Have you read the manual on treating hydrofluoric acid burns? Recommended if you want to completely lose your appetite, especially the fingernails part. https://www.honeywell-hfacid.com/document/hf-medical-book/?d... What's really cool is that physicists have recently been able to realize experimentally some of the room changing operations in Hilbert's hotel, using quantum systems: https://physics.aps.org/synopsis-for/10.1103/PhysRevLett.115... How does that preserve things like layout or equations? I've done similar (though usually less effort) textbook trickery a few times. The Adobe Inept hack is very handy. Oh, and a recent one was stupidly easy: you could view the ebook in your browser, and save excerpts as a pdf, but only 100 pages in total per book. Problem was it stored how many pages you had saved in a cookie, so "Clear the last 5 minutes of browsing history" and you could get another 100 pages, rinse and repeat for all the book and then staple the files together with pdftk. Answer to your last question: yes. However, the results of these (and other) experiments are not consistent with abandoning realism. There is also a third option that almost no-one mentions, and that's superdeterminism; i.e. that free will doesn't exist. http://xkcd.com/1591/ Interesting: "it was tested at the University of Giessen's Dept. of Physiology and Cybernetic Psychology." That's quite a name, sounds like it was lifted straight from Command & Conquer. This is because Intel is tricking you with the core count. I'm guessing you have an i5/i7/whatever with 8 cores but just two memory channels. Since it only takes two or three cores to saturate those memory channels, you will never be able to max out 8 cores on anything that processes much more than $CACHE_SIZE (~4MB) of data. So you can use 8 cores for stuff like finding primes or bruteforcing RC5 (like distributed.net), but not much else. Obligatory Tom Lehrer: https://youtu.be/DfCJgC2zezw On science reporting today, C&H said it best IMO: "You don't love science. You're looking at its butt when it walks by." http://explosm.net/comics/3557/ Depends on what you want and how much money you want to spend. If your workload is embarrasingly parallel, it could be cheaper to buy several servers with a CPU like the Xeon E5-1630 v3 (Edit: which has just 4 cores and 4 mem channels). Or, as you say, go the POWER8/SPARC route, which also includes the recent option of a single x86 server with up to 8x Xeon E7-8893 v3. For the latter option you may hit NUMA issues as well; depends on your workload. Your choice boils down to the classic "message passing" vs. "shared memory" (think MPI vs. OpenMP) architectural choice. What the optimal solution is depends on the specific application, as well as how far you want to scale it. I had some fun googles this summer: was working on building a boat using strip plank construction, informally known as "a stripper". So you end up searching for stuff like "how to vacuum bag a stripper"... Can you switch to Andrews & Arnold? They're a niche ISP in the UK, targeting tech-savvy users and businesses. They give you IPv6 for free and they're XKCD/806 compliant. (No affiliation, just a happy customer when I lived in the UK.). If you look at serious research on this (full life-cycle analysis) you find that a small electric car typically breaks even after ~ 60 000 miles, while something like a Tesla Model S breaks even after ~ 120 000 miles. Those numbers are from memory and for a European electricity mix, but I'm fairly certain they're in the ballpark. > Hydrogen storage tanks tend to leak slowly. This used to be a problem in the past, but from what I understand it's currently a solved problem. See e.g. https://www.google.com.ar/patents/US6787007 They have one test which is FDA approved, for herpes simplex. It's also laughable that he thinks the volume of blood drawn for a standard test is what makes him pass out. Nope, that's a purely psychological reaction. If we're talking about donating blood, I'd believe it could be a physical effect, but that's equal to 50 vials in a blood test... > UEFI stands for "Unified Extensible Firmware Interface", where "Firmware" is an ancient African word meaning "Why do something right when you can do it so wrong that children will weep and brave adults will cower before you", and "UEI" is Celtic for "We missed DOS so we burned it into your ROMs". (From the excellent https://lkml.org/lkml/2011/5/25/228 ) I guess there is a fundamental dichotomy here between presenting a "method" : "you can do X and Y to measure the value of Z" and presenting a "final result" : "the value of Z for system W is N". In the former case, people will absolutely replicate you, and if your method is bogus you'll be called out on it. Some propose an even stronger definition: when the indices for accessing said data no longer fits in one machine's memory. Timeo Danaos, et dona ferentes. This is also why the scipy/numpy crowd doesn't care much about PyPy. In this world Python is the equivalent of ducttape. You don't performance optimize ducttape, you want it to be easy to use and to fix any problem you have. Fiber is still, by definition, carbohydrates. Not saying fiber is bad though. Ok, since there are some radio wizards in this thread: if I want to log low bandwidth sensor data (so # pacman -S syslinux # syslinux-install_update -i -a -m # vim /boot/syslinux/syslinux.cfg # ensure path to kernel etc. is correct. Ah, the GPU hype. Here's something the GPU vendors don't tell you: a huge part of scientific computing doesn't get any speedup at all from GPUs. A good example is fluid dynamics research, or essentially anything that boils down to solving PDEs or doing huge sparse linear algebra problems. Even for the fields where it makes sense, like molecular dynamics, it's not obvious that you get more performance per dollar than with CPUs. Shameless self-plug: http://asmunder.github.io/2015/04/Inaugural-post:-on-the-ben... Since it's nearly Halloween: look up "assigned GOTO" if you like horror. Well, no. There are fundamental algorithmic reasons why some problems can exploit GPU power and some cannot. Look at any of the ~15 most popular molecular dynamics codes today, they all have some sort of GPU support. Look up something that solves an elliptic PDE, like incompressible Navier-Stokes, and you'll see no-one using GPUs. As for the PIC code you link to: they don't mention any sort of fair benchmark anywhere, so if they are objectively "blowing things out of the water", they're rather silent about it. > it ends up as a linear system of equations that is far harder to parallelize. Yeah, basically this. If the fluid is compressible, you get a hyperbolic system with only "local interactions", and this is fairly easy to parallelize on standard CPU clusters by using domain decomposition. People have scaled this to millions of cores, but it's not very GPU-friendly. If the fluid is incompressible, the problem is technically a differential-algebraic equation with an index-two constraint. To solve this you use a splitting method that gives you an elliptic (Poisson) equation for the pressure. This is a major headache even with the fastest interconnects we have today (we're talking 40 Gbit/s links), since the pressure at one point depends on the pressure at all the other points in your domain in each time step. For single-phase flow, you can use Fourier transforms to speed this up, but for two-phase flow you're outta luck. After they repurposed the "debug" kernel flag and made it literally unusable with systemd, Linus banned one of their core devs (Kay Sievers) from contributing to the Linux kernel, and I quote: "I'm not willing to merge something where the maintainer is known to not care about bugs and regressions and then forces people in other projects to fix their project." https://lkml.org/lkml/2014/4/2/420 My post was a direct answer to the question asked by another poster. I don't see how that's "fanning the flames". Playing devil's advocate here: > I know, these are tough scenarios, but falsifying established science is hard. It is also very hard to falsify the theory that invisible pink unicorns are causing global warming. It's not necessarily a good thing that a theory is hard to falsify. For 2): there has been a 15-year global warming pause, which none of the models predicted. With your definition 2), that's actually close to a falsification of AGW. > But you can't launch a car without airbags. What complexity can the software folks eliminate and still have a viable product? This is a very insightful comment. Take as an example the recent 1.0L three-cylindre 120hp Ecoboost petrol engine by Ford. It's so small the entire thing fully assembled fits onto an A4 sheet of paper. It's not actually a very big part of the car. Meanwhile, the Ford Fiesta which this goes into has increased its total weight by almost 50% since 1980. Factoring in weight reductions in the engine, that's 350+ kg worth of increased safety and comfort, none of which is particularly simple engineering, and none of which can be eliminated in a modern electric car. If there wasn't, why did everyone, including leading climate scientists and the IPCC, say there was [1]? A point I do agree on, which was also the point of my comment: a 10 or 15 year period is too short to say anything about climate. A pertinent question is then: what is a long enough period? http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-24173504