I always do a fresh install. I save backup of my $HOME, but don't restore it (I copy what I need when I need). It's perfect time for getting rid of old unused applications, projects, etc. But it takes time and patience. Safari supports push notifications from websites for a while. I've found it convenient for the news websites I often visit just to check for new content. It's like RSS integrated into OS. One can misuse it, but generally it's useful. We have DNS system in place which should be enough to establish trust between browser and SSL public key. E.g. site could store self-signed certificate fingerprint in the DNS record and browser should be fine with that. If DNS system is spoofed, user will be in bad place anyway so DNS system must be secured in any case. Currently Swift is a questionable choice. It adds around 5 MB size to the application archive, XCode support is buggy and standard library lacks many things it should have. I built custom keyboard with Swift and I won't use it for my next projects in the near future, until it'll become more stable. But probably in year or two it'll become much better. That's why the simulation hypothesis is quite likely. We can simulate very simple universes. We will simulate more complex universes as time goes on. And there's nothing to prevent that universes to become really complex, so complex that beings there will become conscious. And it's only matter of time when those beings will simulate another universe. And, considering that every civilization simulates many universes, there's an exponential growth of universes beginning from the "root" civilization. So there are (or there will be) billions of billions of universes, one inside other, like russian dolls. And possibility of us living in the "root" universe is quite low. Either that or there's some fundamental nature law preventing us from creating a simulation of conscious intelligent mind. And even if we didn't create that simulation yet, I don't believe that those laws exist. We have billions stars to consume for energy and matter and billions of years to improve our technology. Why don't we create megacomputers with that power potentially at our hands? Or some watchdog system will detect an abnormal behaiour, stop the simulation and report the bug to the developers. They'll fix bugs and run the simulation from the last non-corrupted backup. And we'll never know that someone did that. It probably because France never had problems with food itself (because of good climate and good earth). So people had to develop food culture. In russia, where climate is hard, earth is not very fertile and one unsuccessful harvest could mean country-scaled global hunger, food culture is more about eating while you can, conservate food while it's fresh. With current excess of food there are many fat men and women out there. I believe that all countries will develop food culture very soon, it's already happening around. Dietology is a popular topic. While negative numbers very often provoke exceptions like IndexOutOfBoundException, with unsigned integers error could be uncaught for much longer time. I'm all for signed integers, unless storage requirements so tight that you really need that one bit. One major drawback for me is a constant flickering in Intellij Idea and Emacs. I'm not sure who is responsible for this, but user experience is just terrible. I'll definitely downgrade to 10.9 when I'll have enough spare time. I didn't see much problems besides it. I like new design, animations are smooth enough for me and everything works well enough. No, I don't use Flux. That's not correct. I just downloaded the same google font css using different user agents, one for Windows Google Chrome and one for OS X Google Chrome. CSS were different, both specified .woff2 format but actual font URLs were different. And downloaded .woff2 files were different as well. I used Open Sans font for that test. http://pastebin.com/edYbfxzU here's log, you can try it yourself. What's wrong with people giving rides for money? That's ideal model of open market IMO. I have this model applied in my country and 5 kilometers taxi ride would cost around 1-2 euros, depending on time (bus costs 0.4 euro). That's nice for customers, if you ask me. There's other side of the coin, it might not be safe enough to ride with unknown driver at night being in unconscious state. But we have public taxi services with slightly higher prices for that. I was at Spain in my vacation and transportation costs shocked me, TBH. It's funny that copyright holders restrict people to legally watch their content and then complain that their content is being pirated. When I'm developing a website, if I have a time to do things the right way, I'm doing my best to present to user a usable website both without CSS and JS. Good semantic markup usually provides good user interface. And, as crawlers usually don't like JS, making non-JS version helps them to crawl the site anyway. I think that Apple is a victim of its decision to release new OS version every year. Users expect a lot of changes from iOS n+1 or OS X m+1. You can't just fix all bugs and release a new version. And constant feature improvement introduces new bugs and deadline frames won't allow to release properly tested fixes for old bugs. I believe that feature-wise OS X 10.10 and iOS 8 are quite nice. Apple really should adapt something like Intel's tick-tock strategy. Release iOS 8 with new features at 2014. Release iOS 8S with all bugs fixed in 2015. Release iOS 9 with new features at 2016 but allow customers to downgrade to iOS 8S if they want to, for at least a year. They'll have to support 2 iOS versions, but people will have a choice between new features and stability. I wrote a custom keyboard using Swift. XCode stability was mostly OK. SourceKit crashed sometimes (disabling syntax highlight and autocomplete), but it didn't cause much headache. The thing that bothered me most was that iOS app wrote with Swift was packaged with 8 MB runtime libraries, so it was like 100 kB of my code and 8 MB of swift runtime libraries which I didn't like at all. I tried to learn how to write an OS X application with Swift and for some reason it became a nightmare, SourceKit keeps crashing and it wasn't possible to work at all. I guess I triggered some bug. I tried to investigate it, but without much success, I think that XCode will send those crash logs to Apple and may be things are already fixed. Actually I'm not really sure that Swift is the language I want to use. Objective C is good enough. It's good old C which I like. It's very dynamic which I like. Cocoa, Cocoa Touch and other frameworks are made for Objective C, not for Swift. I didn't made a final decision whether I will invest into Swift, but probably (at least until Apple declares Objective C obsolete) I will just use Objective C. It has its problems, but it has its strength too. That technique would useful when user wants to add public key into his github profile (or similar service). Instead of asking user to copy&paste his public key, site might ask him to enter `ssh github.com authtoken` in terminal. Funny thing is that many windows developers and administrators like to use RDP, while *nix users generally don't like it at all (usually because RDP doesn't allow easy scripting to automate routine tasks). > So then you have two avenues for attack, if someone wants to inject their own public key into your account - the Web UI and some form of custom SSH server. That's correct. SSH misses PKI and github can't sign their ssh public keys with trusted authority. If someone intercepting your traffic, he can redirect your connection to 22 port to malicious ssh server and save his malicious public key to github. To prevent that, github must present ssh fingerprint into their web page and user must check that fingerprint with one he can see on terminal. Thanks for clarification. > Besides which you would need more than just "ssh github.com authtoken" - it doesn't identify who you are (thus knowing who to save the public key for) authtoken is supposed to be an unique identifier and github server knows that it's associated with your account. Would be nice to have it in the browser like Go tour. Probably because he's good at writing code, not writing business plans and raising money. It might sound weird but I actually like to draw simple SVG images using text editor. SVG is well suited for that, it's readable and compact. It's not exactly that. More energy-effective systems allow you to mine the same bitcoins with lower electricity expenses. When bitcoin mining will hit the wall of physical restrictions, they will start to optimize energy efficiency. You should use URL-safe base 64 encoding described in [1]. It uses `-` and `_` and should be safe for Gmail. 1: http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-5 Why not set clear rules? 1 byte of blockchain costs XXX millibitcoins. You like it — you use it. You don't like it — you don't use it. It's clear that if anyone can use blockchain as information storage, someone WILL do it, now or later. I think it's better to set the rules sooner than fix things later when they are out of control. There's similar problem in Kazakhstan. egov.kz is their e-government site. They issued their own root certificate and they use it to sign all users certificates. And they signed their SSL certificate with that certificate which causes it to show alarm. Not very smart move if you ask me. If you teach users to ignore HTTPS errors, then MITM attack becomes easier because user don't see anything suspicious. In Kazakhstan it's achieved by using signed Java applet. It works well in Windows, OS X and Linux. In Linux there are some problems with smart card readers, but generally things work well. I don't like Java applets, but they are probably better than ActiveX. nginx fully supports SPDY. HTTP/2 is largely based on SPDY so I expect that nginx will support HTTP/2 very soon. I don't think so. Yandex is very neutral company in that regard. They have Ukrainian office with developers. For Ukrainian users they show Crimea belonging to the Ukraine when browsing from maps.yandex.ua. You can check it yourself, compare maps.yandex.ua and maps.yandex.ru. It's clearly an adware with backdoor to espionage on user. In many countries creating and distributing that kind of adware is classified as crime. What a nonsense they are talking. I use Intellij Idea with Database plugin and it works perfectly. SQL syntax highlighting (for PostgreSQL dialect), autocomplete (using actual table definitions from the database), visual table editor. I can run SQL query, edit some cell in the result table and that edit will update the database. There's a dedicated cheaper product called 0xDBE if you don't own Idea and don't need Java support. Postico looks nice and I like the fact that it's a native app. But without highlighting and autocomplete it's not very interesting for me, I'm SQL guy. Browsers should improve incognito mode so websites won't be able to distinguish Chrome@OS X from Firefox@Windows. And may be allow easier integration with proxy services. Privacy is important. You really should send vectors, not video stream. It'll allow to keep bandwidth requirements low for most of the office workflow. Of course watching video on youtube require sending video stream and that's where you embed H.264 stream, but not everywhere. AFAIK Windows RDP works closely with the operating system to allow it to send only vector primitives instead of raw bitmaps. You can't stream lossless 4k retina video and anything other is a compromise for many people. I think that CSS should include something like XSLT transformations allowing developer to output site markup with simple semantic elements and then designer can transform those elements into anything he need, count elements, add classes, whatever. And then style result of those transformations with traditional CSS rules. It's the color and reflections that matters. Not the weight. But competitors will surely make a joke of it. Searching for Java shouldn't return JavaScript results. Almost all exploitable vulnerabilities are related to the browser plugin. There's no danger of keeping outdated JRE inside some application. Vectors are good at inserting in the back and deques are good in inserting both in the front and in the back (or course if capacity grows exponentially, but that's how they should be implemented). Linked lists are almost always wrong choice because they don't play well with memory caches. They might be better with inserting in the middle and that might matter only with really huge lists (millions of items). At least that's how it works with languages close enough to the hardware. Is there some definitive information about how good Google at this task? What JS constructions works, what does not work. I doubt that Google can index any JavaScript. And don't forget about other search engines. It's not very good to keep site indexable by Google and not indexable by other search engines. What I would like to use is some kind of small programs from which backup script might be crafted. Actually most of the tools are available. Incremental backups with rsync. Encryption with openssl. Archiving/compression with tar/gzip/7-zip. But scripts will be quite verbose and error-prone. Better solution should be available. Something like #define DATE(month, day, year) ... would help to read dates without program running. Client code could be hard to verify too. Browser do not support this functionality and there are no popular addons to verify JavaScript I'm aware of. You can't just download script.js with curl and assume that server will serve the same file to your browser. XSLT is a good idea with terrible implementation IMO. There's language called cduce. I'm not sure if it alive but it was interesting alternative implementation, though it was too much academical to be practical. But there could be usable language for trees transformation. Overall this idea is much better than current state of things. I wonder what's better from the point of final user (app size, app starting speed, app performance, memory usage): png or this drawing code? I suspect that PNG should work better. And programmer can easily generate multiple PNG from single hand-written SVG. Public Key Pinning could help for users running compliant browsers. I would recommend to read almost all of Strugatsky brothers books (which were translated to your language). They are all very interesting in different aspects. E.g. "Monday starts at Saturday" is a humorous story about programmer. Though they dreamed of communistic future, keep that in mind. Their worlds probably will look foreign to the western reader. And there are some references to the russian culture. But translations probably should take that in mind. Shell session to demonstrate (DO NOT DO IT IN THE DIRECTORY WITH IMPORTANT FILES): $ touch important $ chmod 400 important $ rm * override r-------- vbezhenar/staff for important? n $ touch -- -rf $ ls -l total 0 -rw-r--r-- 1 vbezhenar staff 0 Mar 24 14:35 -rf -r-------- 1 vbezhenar staff 0 Mar 24 14:35 important $ rm * $ ls -l total 0 -rw-r--r-- 1 vbezhenar staff 0 Mar 24 14:35 -rf $ rm -- -rf I'm working locally using full-featured IDE and publishing my work with simple shell scripts. When I need to edit files remotely, I just use vi. I know it well and it works perfectly even over slow network connections. Self-signed certificate provides defense against passive attacker, and HTTP does not. That's an important difference IMO. XMPP have troubles with synchronizing chats between clients, with push notifications, with user-friendly mobile clients. I like XMPP, I did set up my own server, but I finally abandoned it. It's usable only with one client, preferably on desktop. Thanks, I'll look into that. I'm more interested with iOS and OS X apps (though Pidgin works well for OS X). And iOS doesn't permit messaging apps to work in background as far as I know, so push notifications are needed for comfort work. Though I'm usually near my laptop and probably can live without them. On large files less fires up immediately and vim is quite slow. I think that vim is loading an entire file in the memory while less just loads visible chunk. May be other vi implementations are more efficient with large files. Besides — vim really shouldn't be used on log files. It's editor, not viewer. Is there plans to drop glibc dependency? Rust should be able to do system calls itself and glibc should be as optional FFI library IMO. May be I misunderstood something, but dropping dependency on glibc doesn't imply static linking. Of course reusing C library means linking with libc and reusing C++ library means linking with libstdc++. But in a long perspective those libraries should be implemented with Rust to have all advantages of the better language. And using rust without libc might help with some embedded use-cases, where people don't want to put unnecessary stuff. Rust as a 0-cost systems language theoretically could be used there instead of C. If that was with Java, I would do something to make network terrible slow or even unresponsive and try to dump stacktrace to catch the bugger. Not sure if you can print stacktrace in Python in the middle of something. Everyone has different experience. I never had hardware problems with HP, Lenovo, Dell notebooks. It was built badly, it could broke something, but notebook worked well. With Macbook I had broken HDD which was replaced by warranty but it took almost a month without my working tool. And 2 years later sound just stopped working. Headphones work but buggy. I don't think I can pay for repair, probably will tinker with it myself. My iPhone 4S had broken WiFi just after warranty expired. All cables from Mac and iPhone are in terrible state. I don't really think that Apple hardware is better than others. Not worse than others, but not perfect. Choice is between OS X and Windows or iOS and Android. Otherwise there are many comparable machines. There's tag `label` made for connecting text and input elements. And any correct form should use labels and it'll work in any browser just as you described: click on text label will trigger input activation (toggle checkbox or focus text input). The great value of unit testing is reproducibility. You can't always find the cause of the bug just from failed test logs. You might need to re-run the test to debug and tweak the code. And if your test is randomly failing, it would be quite tricky to do that. Randomness is OK. Just make sure that RNG yields the same values each time test run. For example in Java the class Random is guaranteed to yield the same values for the same seed. I'm not sure that JavaScript has this class, probably you'll have to write your own version or find it in some library. Looks like description of the projects with bad build system, not like problem with e.g. maven. Maven downloads binaries from the HTTPS server. You can always get those libraries and rebuild them from sources into your internal repository. It seems like adblock got huge user base on premise to block ads and now monetizes that user base by selling them ads. Does not look like honest strategy to me. It won't work well for them as well, competitors are already there. I like this approach. I generally tend not to use jQuery, because native DOM API is often good enough for my needs, but it's not fun to write and read code using that API. jQuery for me is shortcuts and wrappers for this code. $('.something').toggleClass('collapsed') .click(somethingClicked); This simple and readable statement will turn into a lot of lines with DOM API. Modern browsers do their best to optimize typical use-cases for CSS selectors and .collection li for sure will be handled optimally. You shouldn't worry about CSS selector performance unless you have to provide good performance for very old browsers or hit specific performance problem. Optimize for humans, not for computers. > How am I going to show this to my boss, and have him take it seriously with such an infantile title? Probably the same way you would explain to your boss what KISS principle means or what WTF-metric for source code is :) It's an old joke, but it has a bit of wisdom. Illustration: https://davidlongstreet.files.wordpress.com/2009/04/wtfm.jpg... Safari, Chrome, Firefox works fine. Can you share the certificate this site serves to you? Does it work with sites like Google from Google Chrome where browser knows about their public keys? I think that this will be wide practice in modern browsers. HSTS/HPKP headers could be stripped by proxy but preloaded public key list probably will require custom browser build. Lenin, Stalin are huge figures in Russia history. Many men worships them. They are generally not considered like evil in Russia. Lenin made communism under which USSR became the most powerful empire in the world and Stalin won second world war. PS I'm not exactly agree to above statements. History is complex thing. But many men I know think the way I described. They are not proud of it, but they generally emphasize on his achievments. I always wondered why does this certificate order matter? Web server can (and does) parse certificates. It should reorder them in correct order and log warnings if any issues were found. Rust can work with C without problems. It misses some low-level things (I can speak of allocators) but generally it should be possible to write Linux kernel driver with Rust for example. Those times when C compilers did obvious translation to machine code are long gone. Now compilers are super-smart and can inline functions, throw away code _they_ think is not needed, replace loops with vector instructions and list goes on. It's really hard to tell what's happening at a low level for a given C code. I generally work with high level languages (Java, JavaScript, Scala) but I always loved C (and in some ways C++) because it's so close to metal. I fell in love with Rust. Usually I (internally) complain about a lot of things in languages. There are many drawbacks and bad design decisions. It might be hard to express but there's sense of engineering beaty. And I like Rust almost in every way. So far I wrote a bunch of little programs and some simple parser (bitmessage protocol). I didn't have any real problems. Macroses looked a bit clumsy, I hope they'll see some overhaul, but they did their work. Much better than cpp anyway. And I can say that it's just so easy to write code when you're 100% sure there are no problems with memory management. There are billion of other little things making life easier, but painless memory management is the big one. IMO it's not a talent. It's a result of thousands of hours of work. I learned programming at 12 years. I programmed a lot. I didn't have a computer and I was programming in sheets of paper (computer was in school and I didn't always had access to it). I wrote by own object-oriented GUI library in sheets of paper and that library was never written in computer but it was in my head and I learned a lot while thinking about it and its design. There was time when I was spending 10-12 hours programming or reading programming books. I wouldn't call myself talented programmer. I spent a lot of time to learn how to write good enough code and be productive. What I had is a passion to program. I never programmed because I had to force myself. I enjoyed it. It's a beautiful art. That beauty forced by to program. And I still find that beauty in programs. Unfortunately I don't know how to learn others to enjoy programming. I saw a lot of programmers and most of them didn't really like their job, they just did it because they went to CS faculty after school and programming is paid well enough. Swift uses the same terminology. Probably meaning of enum will include ADT. Many kinds of big data files used by customers do not require high speed or latency. Watching video is fine as long as disk read speed greater than video stream bitrate. Music does not require that either. When you download huge archive, you don't need high write speed, HDD write speed will be more than enough, it's probably higher than network speed anyway. Unless SSD will become better than HDD by all parameters, HDD's are very suitable as part of disk setup for anyone who need more than 200 GB data. And there are millions of people who don't use all that cloud things and prefer to download, store and watch/listen their content locally. Probably risks of data loss are underestimated by most people, so they don't use neither NAS neither RAID (I would be surprised if many people without solid technical background understand what RAID is). Disks are reliable enough so majority is not affected and if data is really important, it often could be restored for those who experienced data loss. For those who want to implement a VM as an exercise, I recommend to implement a simple JIT-compiler after that. You'll probably be impressed at performance improvements and it's funny exercise to do. I used GNU lightning to generate machine code. The real security audit should be done by hackers the same way browser and OS vendors do it. Vendor lists his website on some platform and specifies money he's willing to pay for found vulnerability. Hackers trying to find vulnerabilities. 3-rd party verifies vulnerability and ensures that hackers are paid. More money vendor offers for vulnerability — more hackers trying to crack his site — more confidence clients have. Why do you think Russia isn't capable to produce drones? Those who trust their governments already use government-issued money. Nothing will change. Bitcoin made for those who don't think that government should be able to control money. I wonder whether `let` should be used everywhere now making `var` effectively obsolete? Mixing both declaration styles looks bad. > Well, there are tons of different DRM algorithms, but none of them are backed by secure cryptography since you cannot logically restrict people from "saving" but not from "viewing" Actually you can, but this requires smart viewer. You sending encrypted data into viewer where data is decrypted. Secret keys storing inside viewer and retrieving them is hard task. Of course that requires DRM-enabled display, participating video card, drivers, etc. In my country there are phone plans where you specify few phone numbers (usually your wife or children) and have very low tariffs for calling those numbers. I wonder how "n exhaustive search has been carried out up to 3125 digits in base 5 and no solution exists in this range" was implemented? Obviously it's not a brute force solution. I used Rust and Swift languages a little bit and I must admit that I almost never had to use indexing for characters. Iterating and slicing is enough for most algorithms. Actually today it might be hard to understand what indexing is, even if you store your string in UCS-32 encoding. There are graphical symbols that may occupy variable number of UCS-32 items. And they are used out there (e.g. flags). What I am missing is some kind of service to convert between different types of regexes. Like Java, Intellij Idea Search&Replace, vim, less, grep, egrep, sed. There are subtle (and sometimes not so subtle) differences between them which I always forgetting and have to trial&error a bit. I wish there would be one single standard to regexes. Great tool but difficult to use because of many incompatible implementations. This contest is very prestigious in Russia and participants are spending a lot of time to prepare. Is it the same in other countries? Could you please describe how can I bind 2 different servers to the same IP with automatic request balancing (so when one server is down, another one will serve all requests)? I understand how to do it with another server with HAProxy, but your solution seems to be without HAProxy. parse.com is essentially the same thing and it seems that it's popular enough. Of course it has a lot of polish and additional services on top of KV store but it's core value is key-value store with REST API. The main problem is that a lot of characters in real world are from ASCII part. So for 24-bit 66% of memory space will be wasted. And it's bad not only because it uses RAM, HDD, bandwidth, but generally because it uses precious processor cache storage. reading or writing arr[i] will require 1 or 2 4-byte memory accesses (or 3 1-byte memory accesses) and few bit operations to construct result value, because generally processors can't access 24-bit value. That probably won't hurt performance a lot, but anyway it's much easier to work with 32-bit arrays. HTTP/2 does not allow communication from server to client. Server push is another matter, not really controlled by server or client. So you'll end up to polling server. This might be a bit more effective than HTTP/1 polling, but websockets will be better. How is it different from HTTP/1 with keep-alive connection? Consider running OS X as host OS and Linux as a guest OS in VirtualBox. Unless you are going to play games in Linux, you should have a good experience. I thought about creating an anonymous peer-to-peer network like BitMessage but over Twitter instead of over TCP/IP. The main benefit is that for the watching government hardware your traffic will flow to twitter, not to some suspicious computers. Of course if government can talk to Twitter, it might find out that activity, but not all governments can talk to Twitter. Another improvement might be not to send base64 abracadabra, but instead send some readable texts (autogenerated or fragments from wikipedia) and encode message as a slight deviations (typos, etc) using steganography. But it would require a lot of messages to transmit enough data. Because it leads to diversity and flaw in one algorithm won't affect the entire user base. Of course developer must provide only safe and well tested algorithms. There might be flaw in implementation. Those are much more likely. > As far as implementation bugs, supporting many options means more users will pick the wrong options, and the attack surface becomes larger so that the chance of implementation issues goes up. Application must prevent users from picking the wrong options. I use Spring and I'm not agree that it's a mess. It has a lot of functionality but good architecture allows to keep it under control and easily enhance when needed. Spring is one of the best open source frameworks I've ever seen. Another UNIX principle is that programs deal with text. PowerShell is huge violation of that principle. You can't easily write PowerShell command with C or Rust or Java, as far as I understand. Yet you can write command-line tool with any language and use it with combination of hundreds existing tools. Use a-z and compensate with 1-2 more characters. 12 character password is practically unbreakable. Make it 15 and sleep well. Unless you're dealing with stupid site that knows better how your password should look like. Then you're out of luck. JSON doesn't support behaviour (methods). They are very useful for composing programs IMO. As outlined in comment, Dell specifically refused to provide support for Apple OS X. I don't understand the reasoning to use proprietary system (which you can't modify) with unsupported hardware. It's not obvious who to blame in this situation. Apple is not obligated to provide support for every equipment combination out of there. Buy supported hardware or use Windows or use free operating system and write drivers for your hardware. This is unlikely. Apple's stance on this matter is to make a clear division between professional computer (OS X) and entertainment consumer devices (iPhone, iPad) and corresponding interfaces (touch vs pointer). I don't see this changing. They even afraid to make iFinder or iCloud Drive for iOS. > But how do I know if the maker of the app is sending my SSH credentials to his server or something? You have to ask the maker to open source his app and you have to check whether he built app from the same sources (probably with some repeatable build scheme). It's not something I ever saw, so you'll have some things to research, but it's not something impossible. > Does apple check that? Is the process how apple prevents this documented somewhere? They probably do have some kind of firewall monitoring network requests of the app when they check it. But of course they don't read sources, they don't reverse-engineer the app. So their abilities are pretty limited. You shouldn't trust that any app from the AppStore is guaranteed not to be harmful. iOS has a sandbox model which should limit app abilities to read data from other apps. But you shouldn't trust this sandbox model too. Every iOS version was jailbroken which means that crackers can find vulnerabilities to elevate privileges. Overall AppStore is safer than more liberal proprietary app sources. You are not likely to catch some wide-targeted malware there. But it's not a panacea. Because Google decided that the Android version must be coupled with the Linux version. And Linux is not able to run old drivers, so vendors must update drivers for old devices to new Linux version. So either Google should support old Linux kernels with new OS releases or Linux should provide stable kernel API (which is considered nonsense in Linux world) or some kind of compatibility layer. It's funny how much of Apple functionality is tightly coupled with US. In my city (capital of my country) Apple Maps are worthless, Siri suggestions are worthless, PayPass is worthless, Apple Pay is worthless, iTunes Movies are not available, Bookstore is not available. Now streaming will be worthless too, because mobile data plan for 1 GB per month costs more than this Apple Stream (though I might listen to it at home or at work, but I prefer to listen music in car or while walking, so it's less attractive). What? It means that anyone can download XCode, any app from github and run it on their devices? That's very nice. Re-signing could be done automatically when you plug your iDevice (unless TTL is really short like 1 hour). App ID, hash could be changed easily as well. You can try to create a new Apple ID while they fixing the bug. Recently there was a good discussion about difference between firmware and software/drivers: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9671025 Proprietary firmware is not a good thing, but it's not a very bad thing until we have open hardware, in my opinion. Why do they encrypt code segment? Signature is essential, of course, but encrypting looks unnecessary. I never run into backward compatibility issues with Java. What issues you are talking about? C does not have generics or templates so macroses are the only way to define data structures and algorithms over arbitrary types without repetition. Linux kernel uses macroses to define some data structures. Many other projects do the same. Whether that is normal or not, it's up to developer. It's possible to use as small subset of C++ as developer wants. E.g. use only templates. But staying in C realm might be better for portability. Millions of connections usually are websocket connections or HTTP keep-alive connections. In those cases there's no much traffic over those connections. Imagine game server for example. Latency is more important than bandwidth. 10 kbps is enough for many tasks. I may be old guy but I never get it. Why do I ever need all this virtualization stuff? I just buy a server, install CentOS, install postgresql, create another user, install java, download&unarchive tomcat and write some simple bash scripts. Voila. Everything works, everything is protected, performance is superb and I can do all that within one day. Good enough to serve few thousand requests per second. May be not enough for Facebook, of course. I usually have backups to a cloud, so thats's really not a problem. Websockets are for browser clients, there's no much choice there unfortunately. That's interesting. I'm the person who don't like external libraries and avoids using them unless they are really make me happy. Yet my last small project has 89 libraries in dependencies (including transitive). Is it small number? Ha-ha. I worked on a project where old WebSphere Portal took 30-60 minutes to start. And shutdown? Noone knows, admins just -KILL-ed it when they wanted to shutdown. You better write your code without bugs. Crazy stuff. 15 seconds? Enjoy that. Oh, and logs. Nobody knew what happens there. Some alien life chatting about something. May be A.I. was about to born there. Don't think about logs. Use your own files. And that thing actually worked and was useful to some people. Sending links to protected content is considered bad manners, even if only registration or login via Facebook required. I would ask that person to send me printed PDF copy of that article instead of link. That's a very interesting concept of a cross-platform self-unpacking archive. Unfortunately it requires the C compiler binary which is missing on the Windows platform out of the box. Perhaps some kind of tiny C compiler or interpreter windows binary might be bundled along for 99% compatibility. Solution for OS X: http://superuser.com/questions/468919/prevent-outgoing-traff... (I didn't try it, but it should work). Delphi was very popular in post-USSR countries. But very few people bought it. Probably 90% used illegal copies. I guess most people didn't even realize it, because they bought it on CD and paid $2 for it. You can use unique password stored in the protected system storage (like OS X Keychain) so at least user is protected from non-root users. What I absolutely hate is minute picker. 60 items is just too much to scroll. For most usages 5 minutes step is enough and 12 items much better. As for calendar, I never had any problems with it. Of course it's not standard way that most people get used to, but I think any person will understand what to do. I have user vbezhenar. I run browser under that user. I have system storage for sensitive data. Its data available only via API which checks permissions. E.g. only Chrome can access its data. Chrome must be able to read its cookies, so cookies file must be readable/writeable for user vbezhenar. And there are high chances that I'll run malware program under this user vbezhenar too, so it can read cookies file, but it won't be able to access encryption password. Works in Calendar but does not work in Alarm clock, so it's not a default behaviour and probably hard-coded into Calendar app. So you are saying it should be illegal for me to mute TV when ads are displayed? I must carefully listen to ads and periodically pass an exam to ensure that I indeed listened to them and not thought of other things. What a wonderful feature. For ad companies. You can't realistically audit binary blob. But you can audit source code. So if download is protected by the digital signature, it's OK. Don't run untrusted apps outside of virtual machines. Too bad that web taught us to trust the code we shouldn't trust. Noscript must be integrated in every browser and enabled by default. Sandboxing was and will be broken. Depends on country, I guess. In Kazakhstan I pay $10 taxes for my house per year and around $50 per month for all bills. Not that much. I don't think that production-quality codecs will be written in Rust. As far as I aware, codecs are usually very complex piece of software and employ a lot of hand-written assembly and very low-level C. Rust just doesn't offer anything valuable in this area. 21-st century slavery. Humanity never changes. It's obvious that it was planned from the beginning. It's not possible to do such decisions "on the fly" for Apple monster. There are billions of dollars involved in such a decision. Well played, Apple, I must admit. What I wonder is how do they prevent me from regging new account every 3 monthes? Why would I pay them a single cent if I can spend few minutes once a 3 months and listen to their library for free? http://rghost.net/6kDYqvpp9/image.png got backlink :) I remember Eclipse being forked a lot by various enterprise companies. I guess that's because it had very good extensible architecture. Many developers admitted it. May be Atom is in similar position? Today's fashion shifted from Java to JavaScript and tools are following. Processing power is not only frequency and memory. Different instruction sets might show drastically different performance. Processor cache might be higher on old computer (or might not, of course). Memory bandwidth or latency might differ too. I remember reading comparison between 1990 mainframe and current intel server. Mainframe has much higher memory bandwidth and performed much faster on tasks where processor cache was insufficient. I find a lot of similarities between Java and C++. Java is basically a subset of C++ with some sugar around. When I was learning Java, I just made a link between Java constructs and C++ constructs and that allowed me to learn Java in one day and start getting things done. Of course I took few years more to master Java, but that's another matter. So Java "reference" is C++ pointer without asterisks and ->. All java methods are virtual. Java interface is full-abstract class without fields (in Java 8 even not so full-abstract). Multiple inheritance only with interfaces. No generics (I learned Java 1.4), one common ancestor Object, friendly GC releasing you from the pain of memory management. Basically the only new concept is package. Otherwise it's stripped C++ with different runtime library. You can always declare something like: class MyClass_ { ... } typedef MyClass_ *MyClass; and you have identical "reference" semantics in C++. Of course you have to use `->` instead of `.`, but does it matter? In my opinion leap seconds shouldn't exist in software. Time should be continuous from some point of time (1970-01-01 works fine) and leap seconds should only account when software performs formatting (or parsing) of date-time. I still think that this complexity must stay where it matters and it must be removed from majority of software. There's a lot of broken code working (or not working) with timezones. Leap seconds are much more subtle thing that most of developers probably didn't even hear. Date/time infrastructure is complex enough and any simplifications will help. > * As you said, all Java classes inherit from a common type; java.lang.Object (Smalltalk). You can limit yourself in C++ to inherit your objects from a common type. I believe that Qt did just that, for example. So this is a subset of C++. > * Inner classes automatically have a reference to the containing class (not in C++, though Java "nested classes"[1] behave similar to C++ structs/classes). That's a good example of simple sugar. Inner class just have pointer to the outer class and constructor with this parameter. Java compiler emits this code automatically. Yes, there's no such thing in C++, but it's very simple to emulate. > * C++ has pass-by-reference semantics which is completely missing in Java. > * C++ supports destructors intrinsically. > * All definitions must exist within a type in Java. There is no concept of a "free standing" definition. > * Java does not support stack-based allocation except for built-in POD's. Yes, Java is subset of C++ in that regard. C++ has more features which were stripped out. > * java.lang.ClassLoader has no corresponding abstraction in C++. > * Java provides meta-objects by way of java.lang.Class for all classes (not present in C++). Actually those systems could be emulated more or less in C++. Windows does have COM (and there are a lot of less known, but similar systems) which allows to dynamically load classes with virtual methods, etc. Qt implements (with some preprocessor magic) reflection for C++. But generally yes, C++ does not have any kind of runtime reflection (except dynamic_cast) and dynamic code loading, I agree here. What I want to point out is, that those features are provided by JVM. Java as a language does not have anything related to reflection or class loading. So probably it's not fair to compare Java + JVM to C++. > As an aside, it has always cracked me up that a language touted as having no pointers has a "NullPointerException" class. (I am easily amused) That's very unfortunate mess of terms. Pointers should be pointers, even if there's no pointer arithmetic in the language. Now we have pointers, references, pass-by-reference and beginners having hard time to understand what that even mean. It's questionable what's better: simple type system without generics (Java 1.4, Go), something in between (Java 1.5) or something full-featured but hard to learn (Scala). Scala pretends to solve this problem by "layering" code. Complex types are for libraries and users should use libraries. But IMO it never worked. Problems arising, "users" have to debug into library code and they have to deal with full-featured types anyway. My only real wish in regard to Java 1.4 was that I would be able to implicitly cast Object to anything (like I can in Objective C). That would help to reduce type clutter a lot. It's questionable what's better: simple type system without generics (Java 1.4, Go), something in between (Java 1.5) or something full-featured but hard to learn (Scala). Scala pretends to solve this problem by "layering" code. Complex types are for libraries and users should use libraries. But IMO it never worked. Problems arising, "users" have to debug into library code and they have to deal with full-featured types anyway. My only real wish in regard to Java 1.4 was that I would be able to implicitly cast Object to anything (like I can in Objective C). That would help to reduce type clutter a lot. Free user can promote service with his friends, can blog about it, etc. Basically you are paying (usually) negligible cost of maintaining free account for some possible marketing. Whether it works or not is questionable, but obviously it does work in some areas. I don't understand his reasoning. What's wrong with registering systemd vendor? Does it put any obligations? It's just a DNS record. > We seem to have settled on the WIMP (windows, icons, menus, pointer) model, and there is very little real innovation in interface design anymore. It's an interesting exercise to compare this to the mobile platforms, e.g. iOS. Windows are gone. Icons are here. Menus are changed. Pointer is changed too (your finger is pointer, not an abstract arrow). Though on OS X desktop I don't see any innovations at all! May be I'm missing something? Windows, icons, menu, pointer, that's all. Probably gestures are an innovation, but it isn't used widely except in operating system windows manager and Safari. Can we think of a tabs as an innovation? I never really liked them, I believe that tabs could be replaced by better window management. It's something that tied to application now, but it should be tied to a window manager and probably in better ways. Desktop user interface is definitely stagnating, if we're talking about OS X. I don't know much about new Windows releases, but in Windows 7 it was the same story. For basic application there's no need for very deep knowledge of the platform, so you can find people who know iOS and Android equally well and just write two different apps. As Cordova might introduce more problems than advantages, writing two identical apps might actually be faster, if app is not that huge. And native fast responsive app with smooth animations might earn you more, than HTML container. I wrote a simple game using cordova and I won't do it again. HTML+CSS+JS just not suited for mobile app development (I didn't try react native, those guys might change the game). Either you use frameworks and everything is just bad or use vanilla JS and everything might work, but you have to write a lots of spaghetti-code and device support might be limited. The real unmatched benefit of using cordova (or any other webview) is the ability to deliver updates for your app without bothering with App Store moderation. #3: What about .com, .org, .name and many more domains? Who will control them? What I don't like is WebView distributed as a "native app". It's not native app and it's not something I want to install, don't cheat me. Webpages should stay in browser. I expect native app to be written with Objective C (OS X/iOS user here), having very low memory usage, fast startup and offline usage. Also I expect as much integration with the system, as possible, native controls (not that buggy emulation without my favorite emacs-like keybindings) and native behavior. Probably we miss an important piece of technology: installable web-apps. Website opened in the frameless browser window, identifiable as a different application which could be easily pinned to Launchpad. With all advantages that "separate webview" has, but with some important difference: sandboxing. So I can feel safe when I launch this application, because I don't need to trust all my files, passwords and system to another application. I've seen that kind of technology in the iOS: website bookmark could be pinned as a desktop icon, but it's just a bookmark. It's certainly not a bad thing, why do you think it might be? That's not worse than not caching at al. Hashing implementation usually is a black box. Actually simple if (h == 0) h = 0xdeadbeef would probably prevent that issue from happening (if that should be considered a real issue at all). Thanks, that's an interesting technology. Too bad that it's specific to Chrome and I can't expect any user to run Chrome or install Chrome. But that's a good direction, I only hope that major browser vendors will consider to adapt it or similar standard in the future. It shouldn't take too much resources to implement it, I suppose. One thing to note is login redirect. Please be sure that redirect parameter is local URI and don't redirect user to another site. Maybe even append HMAC signature to that parameter with user IP and timestamp. Might be an overkill, but still be careful with craftable redirects, they might become vulnerability one day. Hey, Windows! Format C colon slash y enter That was a joke many years ago. Not so joke today? > Actually couldn't you just tell siri to turn airplane mode off? Siri is a network service, it can't work locally. As far as I know, Siri uses Shazam to find music. Example from my life: "Siri, what song is it playing now?" "It's xxx". Then I got home, opened iTunes, found that song in my latest searches and bought that album. So clearly that's a moneymaker for iTunes, artist and they'll pay for that. May be Shazam has direct relations with major music brands who'll pay for each successful search. They might be afraid of sanctions from other countries. Russia should be able to self-sustain at least to certain degree (military, providing basic services to citizens). I tried to use annotation processors, but they were very IDE-unfriendly. According to the linked user guide it's better now. It's an interesting alternative to runtime bytecode generators or proxies. About #2: there are many internal changes even between minor releases and if you relying on those internals, your code is NOT portable. Why libraries need Unsafe, after all? What problems does it solve for them? Why those concurrent intrinsics are not available with "safe" code? They are not compatible with Java Memory Model? They are not implemented at some platforms? What's so unsafe about concurrent primitives? There is API in java.util.concurrent.atomic, for example. I understand that Unsafe is used for direct access to memory, but why this direct access is needed? May be there are other ways to solve those problems. Thеrе arе many cyrillic lеttеrs looking idеntically to latin lеttеrs. In previous sentence all "e" letters were cyrillic, for example. So probably the only sane way is to limit username characters to latin letters. Turing-complete machine running untrusted code is a nightmare for security. There always be bugs and exploits, it's just a matter of time and effort to find them. JavaScript enabled by default is already bad enough. We don't need Flash, Java, ActiveX or anything similar turned on by default. So it's a good move from security viewpoint. Less attack surface. Here's flashless street view from Yandex: https://maps.yandex.ru/-/CVcbFJYs I don't have much problems with Firefox, it seems to work smooth. May be it's Google's fault? HSTS subdomain tracking is probably the best method of tracking, because it works in private mode and there's no easy way to clear those "cookies". > what would you do with the GPS info? Using any offline navigator. May be stability is what Bitcoin need? Especially when many other currencies are jumping like a mad cows. Bitcoin attracts many people who don't really need or even understand bitcoin, they just want to play a casino game. They are not healthy for bitcoin. So there's absolutely no way to enable that on custom little VPS? You have to make an agreement with Apple for that? I guess that this is achieved using a server-side communication: the Fastmail server send the notification to the Apple servers and the Apple server sends the notification to the user's device. So wireshark probably won't help. > If they were devaluing their own currency, surely their trade partners would be concerned with dealing with them, unsure what their money would be worth a month from now. If I'm not mistaken, that's what futures in exchange markets are for. I installed OpenBSD at ramnode: mount ISO and use HTML5 VNC client to install the system. I don't really like preinstalled images, because I don't trust them. They usually tinker with network settings, sometimes with other things. I prefer official installer. What makes houses in developed countries so expensive? I live in Kazakhstan. I can buy some land near city, it would cost me $5-10k for 100 sq. meters of land. I can build my own house for $40-80k (including materials and workers). It might not be the huge house, but it will be fine to live in. Is land more expensive in developed countries? Are materials more expensive? Are workers more expensive? (probably all components are more expensive, but I still don't understand where those hundreds of thousands of dollars are coming from, those prices are just insane). You can always contact author and ask him for another license for your company. Qt works exactly like that, AFAIK: GPL for free projects and commercial license for nonfree projects. Cash might be outdated, but I don't like to give all my money to 3-rd party. I like Bitcoin idea: electronic currency, but I have full control over my money. Banks can play with bitcoin, providing their services and their pseudocurrency for microtransactions, but I always feel unsafe when I deposit more than $200. I today decided to try it on small project. I had a lot of class name clashes (wsimport from similar but different WSDLs). I had a nightmare in Java and Kotlin saved me, thanks to its smart import. Properties are much more readable than getters-setters. And there are a lot of sugar here and there, which makes programming more fun. I literally spent may be 5 minutes reading their site. The language is extremely small and intuitive to pick up, if you had some experience with Scala. IDE worked fine. I had few exceptions, but they didn't ruined anything. Refactorings worked. IDE support is very nice. > 64GB! Sixty-four! For a desktop/laptop architecture! At 64GB (GiB?) main memory we're getting to the point where you could copy the entire working set of the OS to memory from disk on boot and then simply save to disk periodically. So long as you have a battery/UPS that'd work. Is that a crazy? That would be very unreliable, would cause huge loading times, huge powerdown times. Also modern OS uses free memory as a disk cache, so you are already getting all speed benefits. So basically you might just do find / -type f -exec cat {} > /dev/null \; to fill your disk cache if you have enough memory. I guess that's their way to monetize Java. That's what I call a fat client :) Paradigm shift will occur, when we will deploy neuromechanisms allowing to directly interact with the brain. Pictures are more natural representation for our mind, so we probably will live in some super-unicode environment. No need to stick with ASCII, no need to encode "while" operator with those 5 latin letters, just some fun picture and that's all. Or may be block schemas will live again or modified block schemas. They are difficult to use with current input methods. Even with mouse it takes a lot of time to scroll and zoom big picture. And with neurointerface, when computer will show you exactly what you want in exactly millisecond you though about it, block schemas might be just perfect representation for imperative programming language. Classes might be represented in some kind of UML diagram or another similar approach. That would be really fun time to program. Wikipedia is not blocked in Russia AFAIK. There was threats from Roskomnadzor to block it, but they finally gave up. And it was specifically about russian wikipedia domain: http://ru.wikipedia.org I would love to browse proper internet described in this manifesto. Too bad that noone will listen to it, and many people are forced to disable JS, disable CSS, etc, just to be able to read articles without much annoyance. Many modern languages (Kotlin, Rust, Swift) handle this problem well. Though I'm not sure if that problem is really that huge. Bad code will break in many ways. And breaking on nulls usually isn't that dangerous, data isn't corrupted and stack is safe. There's another mistake of computer science in my opinion is inefficient array bounds checking and implicit integer overflow behavior. And those mistakes are more dangerous, they lead to data corruption and exploits. XML is uppercase but Http is not. That seems to be inconsistent, though in some coding standards that's a correct naming scheme: acronyms with length less that 4 are named in uppercase (XML, URL) and acronyms with length >= 4 are named as Http. Another example is HttpURLConnection class from the standard Java library. Better solution is to use signed software packages. Compromising website is more common than compromising developer private keys. Java is known to read /dev/random when dealing with SecureRandom class. In particular it might cause extremely slow starting time for Tomcat on fresh virtual machine. There's parameter "-Djava.security.egd=file:/dev/./urandom" and I always felt unsafe using it. Thanks to this article, now I won't regret it even theoretically. Fun thing is, if you pass "/dev/urandom" to this parameter, Java will read /dev/random anyway. May be that was a wise decision 20 years ago. You have to trust someone to build trusted chain. Trusted CA roots from SSL are good practical choice IMO. May be NSA or China government theoretically could crack that setup, but for other adversaries it would be much harder. I had the impression that React's primary audience is developers who want full control over resulting DOM. While custom components are possible, you are expected to write your HTML, not wire up things and be done. You might want to check more enterprisy frameworks like extjs. Apple tried to implement a garbage collector but they abandoned it later. May be they don't have good developers (but they got a lot of money so they probably can buy anyone) or reference counting isn't that bad in practice. That's very interesting. I wonder how those ARMs can deal with encryption (VPN). Also OpenBSD image or, better, ability to install anything from ISO would be very nice. Just imagine those changes in modern language. Breaking changes, oh my god, I have to rewrite my software, no way I'll ever use that language again. People were more patient at that time. > with modern VM technology it's (pattern visitor) way more innefficient than pattern matching Can someone explain that bit? Visitor pattern is 2 virtual calls. That should be very efficient. How pattern matching is more efficient? I used mydomain.com and namecheap.com. Both worked well. Namecheap has fancy looking front page and terrible looking control panel, but nothing really bad about it, it's usable. I'm heavy trackpad user (on macbook) and any browser except Safari is just terrible for me. Scrolling is terrible and laggy, random guestures I didn't want to issue, etc. And icloud tabs, reading list, etc are very handful, because sometimes I want to use iPad instead of computer. That's an interesting project! I always liked the simplicity of `java -jar` command. Instead of that simplicity, many project choose to roll huge startup bash+bat scripts or even worse, native launchers. Not everyone running Haswell. Would be interesting to compare this performance with other processors. For some reason AppStore has surprisingly low amount of free software. It's either free with ads, free with in-app purchases or paid. Or free software missing marketing and it's hard to find it in AppStore or popular ratings. Is there some compilation of free software links? Constructors have their problems. First: constructor calling is not readable because Java misses named parameters. It's fine when there are 2-3 dependencies, but not more. Second: circular dependency is not possible. So I prefer to use setter dependencies, as they don't have those problems. Another problem with struct approach is inconsistency. Sometimes you want a computed property and you use non-trivial getter. Sometimes you want to do some work in setter. And then client's code will look terrible: point.x * point.x + point.getY() * point.getY(). There are other problems: binary incompatibility; non-trivial refactoring when I need to introduce a getter or setter. Java really need lightweight property syntax which would solve all those problems. I don't understand why it isn't introduced yet. Or just remember password and URL. It's not that hard if you really need to. Similar law works in Russia. There was a lot of rant among developers. It's funny to see Europe going to the same direction. Translating bitcode to binary must be done by open-source tool (llvm?) and bitcode must be available for end-user. Then end-user can download bitcode, download llvm, translate bitcode and compare it to the binary he got from AppStore. But it unlikely to happen, because this feature would be hard to sell. Supporting old devices is kind of marketing against Android. How those devices actually work with new OS is another matter. It's not hard to supervise the device. Majority of users won't bother, but there's still market, I'm sure. Another approach is to sell ad-less VPN. User will have to install custom root certificate, so VPN server can MITM secure connections in order to strip and block ads. It's certainly easier to setup. https://matrix.org is a promising candidate. I believe that mobile browser will beat apps, like it did on desktop. Mobile browsers were unusable, sites were not mobile-friendly, devices were slow with tiny screens. Now those factors change and browsing websites on modern smartphone is much more usable. And it's likely that we will see shift from mobile apps to mobile websites in the near future. I wonder, how this compares to modern desktop-class video card on DirectX? I mean particle test in linked article. iPhone 6S + Metal vs some top video card + DirectX. Of course later wins, there's no doubt about that, I just wonder how big the margin is. For me anemic model is much more natural and easy to use. Object-Oriented Programming is not a good approach to a general architecture. It has its place in some layers, e.g. GUI API usually can be successfully modeled with OOP, but otherwise just use modular procedural approach and use object-oriented constructs very conservatively, unless it fits naturally. That's the best approach for me and it works flawlessly. Of course Functional Programming, Logic Programming has its place too, thanks to modern languages like Scala, where you don't have to choose the only one paradigm. I never had any WiFi problems with Yosemite. The thing is, there are millions of people using macs and even if 0.1% have problems, forums will be swarmed by them. I can say that I definitely experienced and experiencing laggy animations compared to mavericks. Launchpad animation is like 3-5 FPS and is very noticeable. But probably many people just don't care about that. Spring MVC + Hibernate. I'm familiar with those libraries and they provide almost everything I usually need. For frontend I would choose either JSP or Thymeleaf, both are good, depends on your taste and whether you're writing HTML markup. Another option is a JavaScript-powered SPA website. You have plenty of choices there. And I highly suggest using Intellij Idea Ultimate + JRebel. Those technologies provide tremendous productivity boost and I can't imagine working without them. Though they are not free (AFAIK you can get JRebel for free). So I guess, for new installations it's better to put homebrew into $HOME? I'm not sure that Apple promised to stay with OpenSSL. Apple developed CryptoCommons wrapper for some OpenSSL methods and I'm sure, that they can make it work with LibreSSL. I was under impression that it was made specifically to be able to drop OpenSSL when they would want it. > The free version has been a boon for many, but some are using it in ways it was not intended, and we felt Kx was exposing itself to a legal risk because the free version is unsupported. I wonder what do they mean? What's not intended way and what's a legal risk they are talking about? > HOWEVER, if you downloaded the free version of 32-bit kdb+ prior to September 13, 2015, you are free to use it for commercial use. I don't understand how someone can prove that he downloaded it prior to September 13. Those are extremely confusing terms. Ha-ha. I initially spent quite a lot of time to make my website nicely styled, with fonts and JS. But then I decided that all those bells and whistles just not worth it and used pure HTML as you did. Probably I'll add just a little bit of styling anyway, but it works fine as of now. And it works fine on tablets and smartphones without any effort :) Another concern: modern HTTPS use SNI standard and those who sniff your traffic, can extract the hostname from this traffic, because it's not encrypted yet. So DNS sniffing is not necessary, if I understand everything correctly. I would consider that as misuse of DNS. User id must be in request parameter or path, not in hostname. What worries me is the lack of updates for OpenBSD. Is those issues he's talking about are for real? I run "pkg_add -u" frequently and I don't see any updates. I'm running "stable 5.7". I understand that OpenBSD doesn't provide updates or bugfixes after release, but security updates should be pushed. I'm casual OpenBSD user and may be I don't understand something. Thanks, I was too Linux-minded I guess. That might be because some providers have free facebook-only plans and paid internet plans. May be you are really was hacked? :) If it's possible, I would suggest to find someone who got skills to explore your devices, analyze your emails and find out, whether that was harassment from some strange person or real hack. I would be definitely very nervous if someone hacked my devices. China is an exception here. I live in Kazakhstan, News app is not available here. But I just set my region to US and I have working News app without any problems. Honestly, optimizing sites for search is just wrong. It's happening now, because search is not perfect and developers have to work around its imperfectness. But in the ideal future, web masters must design websites for users, not for search engines, in the first and only place. That's what's happening now and it's good sign. Of course Google competitors must work hard. I don't see why that's a bad thing. It's not like Bing or Yandex are going to disappear in the foreseeable future. If a modern browser can render your site accurately, then Google can index it. When I setup TLS for web or smtp, there's an option to generate custom dh params. So basically one must generate new dh params for every installation to be safe against attack presented in the article, is it correct? Honestly, I believe more to people who did those missiles, than to some random Dutch experts (with all respect, of course). Almaz-Antey did their own investigation, they did experiments, they have very expert knowledge about those missiles, so it's very important not to throw away their facts. They might be influenced by Russia politics, of course, but Netherlands, as part of Europe, definitely follows anti-Russian politics as well. I don't think that majority of young Russians even watch TV. Most of young people getting information from Internet. And there are many different points of views in Russian media space. Though main news sources are heavily influenced by Kremlin, that's true. But those who want to find an alternative point of view, will do that without any problems. What do you mean? Those sites are available from Russia, as far as I know. I'm not sure about reddit, but wikipedia and github are not banned currently. Internet censorship is worrying and might eventually ban an important sites, but not yet. I have similar experience. I tried to bid to some projects there, but it's just seems to impossible. Every project got 50-100 bids and my bid is just lost. And, as I'm not going to work for free ($20/hr currently), probably my price and lack of reputation makes it impossible to win any project. I like the idea of this site, but everyone undercuts so much. I live in a poor country, but even there I can make more on a full-time job. It seems for me that freelancing is really hard. Much harder than work on local site. I got suggestion here to use that site and it worked for me without problems. I have very weak VPS, so self-compiling probably would took ages and a lot of precious disk space. I think it's weakness in iOS security architecture. App shouldn't be able to access clipboard by default. iOS should provide API to call context menu with Paste menu item and that menu should be protected from app intervention, so user can paste clipboard anywhere but app can't force him to do that. And if App provides some extended functionality for which it need to constantly monitor clipboard (I never used such app), it needs special request from user and special flag in plist file, so moderator can review it. Is there some web interface to sign my certificate, similar to startssl? I don't really want to run new program in my server just to generate certificate. You protect your secrets with your private key. That organization is only assures that this particular key belongs to your site. They don't have access to your key. Users don't need to trust anything they don't trust yet. iPhone pincodes by default are very short. iPhone protects them from bruteforce with delays after unsuccessful tries. But does the hardware, where pincode's hash is stored, protects it with delays and protects it from labaratory attack? I mean, government could just open iPhone, extract that chip, extract pincode's hash and crack it. You would need quite long password to withstand such an attack. Another vector of attack is fingerprint scanner. After iPhone turned on, by default you can unlock it with fingerprint scanner. And turning iPhone off is not very quick, you need to push power button for a few seconds and then slide over screen. If police arresting you, then will get your phone from your hands and just force your finger to open it, no pincode needed. So yes, while iPhone is probably safe when properly configured (ruling out possible vulnerabilities), the proper configuration is hard to use and is not default. That's from the point of goverment attacker. If attacker is just some thieve or commercial espionage, probably iPhone is a good device even with default settings. Why would anyone use glacier for consumer needs, when Google Drive provides almost the same price without any additional complexities? Glacier 1TB is $7 (and that's in the cheapest data center), Google Drive's 1TB is $10. One advantage I can see is more flexible cost, you pay for what you use. Is there other differences? Why is it bad? If they update browser, they can update OS component. And if they dropped support for OS, new browsers are unlikely to work in this OS anyway. It's not the case for 3-rd party browsers, of course, but IE is an integral part of Windows. So it makes sense to avoid crypto duplication. I don't understand what's wrong with get() method. Swift has built-in null-safety and it has "!" operator. Kotlin has it. Even Haskell has fromJust function which does exactly the same. May be name "get()" is too short and innocent-looking. Why it's bad? If I'm sure that this optional contains value, I don't see why it's bad. May be I checked this value presence few lines above. I'm not always own code. Simple example: getCharsetOpt("UTF-8") There is no way this code will return None in this particular case. So any additional checks are unnecessary and make code less readable. EV certificates add green buttons with company names. Registrar checked that this company indeed exists and legal. So you can be sure, that you didn't mistype URL. And may be some users are comfortable with HTTPS scheme. Another concern is that major browsers might obsolete HTTP scheme, so their UI will warn user about insecure connection. I'm not sure whether browsers will be able to distinct between onion sites and regular sites in that aspect. I still think that Windows NT 4 was the best Windows OS ever. And may be the best GUI ever. I always switch to classic theme, if I have to use Windows. In last versions it's not very classic, though. I presume they are probably in US. Hence a fix might be to do a deal with Obama? really? If you have any evidence about authors, you can report to local police who will contact with Interpol and then Russia's police. Russia has all necessary laws to punish cyber criminals. I can say that configuring opensmtpd is surprisingly easy, comparing to postfix or exim. My config is 13 lines, and it supports dovecot integration, DKIM signing of outbound messages, TLS and authenticated submission. I wish every server has so simple configuration. But that's only SMTP part of mail processing. I tried Kotlin in one small project, which used Java API and I can recommend it. There are a lot of handy features there. There were quite a bit of breaking changes, but, of course, it's expected from unreleased language. It wasn't hard to fix things. For me Kotlin is in sweet spot between verbose Java and complex powerful Scala. From a practical point of view, I would prefer it to both. Any competent Java programmer will catch Kotlin fast enough, and it has almost anything I would want from a "improved Java" language. I wonder, how many years iPhone 6S will be able to stay relevant. For example iPhone 4S started lagging on iOS 7. While it's certainly usable on iOS 9, it feels as an old and underpowered device. If you have powerful computer from 2010, it'll happily run Windows 10 and almost any application, including almost any game in medium (or even high) mode. I wonder, whether this race on mobile platform will continue or iPhone 6S will be able to run iOS 15 without any lags? On an unrelated note, I really don't understand, why iOS 9 (actually iOS 7+) is so slow on iPhone 4S. I was able to run powerful 3D games on that phone. Like a lot of shaders, triangles, special effects, and so on. This phone actually has good enough GPU. Why simple sliding animation could lag? Why opening "Settings" app takes few seconds? That's crazy. Probably there are good technical reasons for that, but I just don't understand, what they could be. Sometimes I think that there is intentional performance bottlenecks for old phones, so people would want to buy a new ones. I has the chance to compare iOS 6 and iOS 8/9 on the same phone, and difference is huge. You can downgrade iPad 2 to iOS 6. > Lack of trial versions A lot of apps have trial versions. Either publisher publishes 2 versions of the same app: free trial version and paid full veersion or free version starts in trial version and switches to full mode with in-app purchase. Sure, it would be better for app stores to support dedicated "Trial" mode. I don't really know, why they don't do that. But it's not that bad. Though I might be the only chosen one, who can find "App from this developer" or does read description from start to end :) The question is, whether Apple and Google think that something is wrong, or they think that everything is all right. They are the ones who set the rules. Will they receive more money when small companies will be able with less effort to reach the top ranks? I'm not sure. I don't think that Apple can't change their ranking algorithms. And if they don't change them fundamentally for years, then probably they are OK from point of Apple. And users probably are OK with that too. And if ISV are suffering, who really cares? You can't pay for ads? OK, but BigCompany can, so we will sell ads to BigCompany instead of you. That's how capitalism works. So unless some government regulator forces Apple or Google to change ranking rules, I doubt, that anything would change. That's kind of double-standards for Apple. I can update JavaScript without approving, but I have to wait for days or weeks to update native app. What about display? I guess, Macbook Air has terrible TN matrix with bad view angles and iPad Pro has good IPS matrix. That's an important difference for many users. An interesting note is that new language Kotlin which aims to the similar niche has many things mentioned in the article. It handles NPE a bit differently and I'm not sure about multiple inheritance, but compilation is definitely fast, IDE support is wonderful, no need to learn another build tool and no monads allowed (joke, but language is more practical, than academical). For me it's a strong competitor to Scala, if you want to use something better than Java. I use my own server, and I can't say that everyone is marking me as a spam. With correct setup and a little bit of good history gmail works fine for me. I removed SPAM label from my mail in Gmail and asked few friends to do the same. Now my mail isn't marked as spam in gmail. And for yandex.ru and mail.ru it worked out of the box. I use unbound as my caching recursive server and I integrated blacklisting of those ad domains. Basically I generate config file for unbound using awk and reload unbound. Here's my script (for OpenBSD, but modification would be trivial): https://gist.github.com/vbezhenar/a0065fdb50f6aa601a20 I used just 'local-zone' entry. Unbound answers NXDOMAIN for those domains, and it prevents next HTTP request to 127.0.0.1. I'm not sure what approach is better. Why do you think that they won't intercept HTTPS traffic? They will just instruct user to install their root certificate. It must be illegal for them to interfere with traffic, no matter what this traffic is. Otherwise there's nothing that would stop them. I own 2 macbooks, iPhone 4S, iPad 3 and I had iPod Video (battery dead, but should work otherwise). Every iDevice had broken cable after about 1 year. One macbook have broken cable. Other macbook have broken cable, but it still work, not sure, how long. I started to apply pen springs to the cables, it seems to help a little bit. I'm sure that it's intentional design, so Apple can sell more of their ridiculously priced accessories. Integrated chips in their accessories, making them harder to replicate, seems to approve that hypothesis. iOS usually runs apps from previous iOS versions. I'm not sure about exact level of backward support. But usually apps disappear because their developers decide that they don't want to pay $100/year anymore. I'm running my mail server and it's not that hard IMO. There are a lot of guides, standards are easy to understand. I can't say how much one would devote to setup his server, probably few hours should be enough. Gmail marks my mail as spam, for new recipients, though. I don't care, every gmail user usually checks his spam anyway and when I do care, I'll call person to ensure he got my mail, regardless whether I use gmail or my server. IMO sandboxing on desktop is failed attempt. Browser is a sandbox platform. Nobody will download some shady application and run it, even if it's sandboxed (but a lot of people don't really mind to visit a shady website). If an application is in AppStore, it means that Apple got some legal documents from developer, it means that Apple performed some automated scans on application binaries. For me it's enough to have some trust. Sandboxing is not needed and it actually making some apps unusable or even impossible to implement. Desktop apps always were in control of the entire computer. And they are now, unless you are downloading them from the AppStore. That's why a PC is much more useful than an iPad or iPhone for power users. Kazakhstan already blocks Tor website and its bootstrap nodes. Also I heard that it has DPI hardware and made an attempts to block Tor traffic (but last time Tor worked for me with my private bridge). No uproars here :) Most citizens are not educated to understand what Tor is and will trust government, who'll tell them that Tor is for criminals and must be forbidden. Every huge porn site is banned in Kazakhstan. I believe that porn is forbidden here. The worst thing — they just ban sites without any explanation. Site just stopped to work and you don't know why. Even w3.org was banned for some time (probably because its validator could be used as web proxy). I'm 100% sure that keys are in hardware device and couldn't be leaked. Kazakhstan has certificate infrastructure for years to issue digital certificates for their citizens. Nothing was leaked yet. I use my OpenVPN VPS without any troubles. From HashMap JavaDoc: Note that the fail-fast behavior of an iterator cannot be guaranteed as it is, generally speaking, impossible to make any hard guarantees in the presence of unsynchronized concurrent modification. Fail-fast iterators throw ConcurrentModificationException on a best-effort basis. Therefore, it would be wrong to write a program that depended on this exception for its correctness: the fail-fast behavior of iterators should be used only to detect bugs. So even while Java tries to find concurrency bugs, it does not promise it. Usually "Throttled" response carries some information when you can retry. So simple middleware logic to retry with some generic timeout shouldn't be used, instead the response must be analyzed to find out the exact timeout. Probably it's a thin line between client problem and server problem. How can one know that this message is from Satoshi? For OS X and macports I use p7zip package which intalls 7z command. It understand .zip, .rar, of course .7z and probably other formats. I wrote simple Automator script to use that command from Finder and it works just fine (actually .zip and .tar.gz formats are supported by OS X archive tool, but .rar is not and I often have to deal with that format). May be SSD should add something like "raw mode", when controller just reports everything he knows about disk, and operating system takes in control the disk, so firmware won't cause unexpected pauses. After all, operating system knows more, what files are not likely to be touched, what files are changing often, etc. Can someone suggest an example of "true" REST API, complex enough (not trivial CRUD stuff like blog) to be used as a real-life example? I think you can use photon engines in the first place. Actually there's not a lot of work for browsers to do. Polish UI, make "logout" button, provide JS API, allow apps to handle errors better. Actually they should provide JS API to work with standard security cards and that will help to extinguish Java Applets from a lot of places. Not a lot of work, but it might start new era of web security. I always wondered, why password-bases authentication is so prevalent, when asymmetric cryptography is there and actually used under the hood. That's a dream: one key to rule them all and no security problems with leaked accounts, unified UI to register, login, logout. I would use one key for most websites, as I use one login for most websites, because that's not something I'm trying to hide and I like the convenience and simplicity. But of course it must be possible to use multiple keys. You can use latest Idea to write code on Java 1.4, I guess. The topic is about JRE used to launch Idea itself. You can use any JRE to launch your projects from Idea. Unless you are using HTTPS with NULL encryption algorithm, your bytes are encrypted and decrypted, so it's not "authentication only". I think that you can use NULL encryption algorithm and in this case only authentication will be performed. But I'm not sure that standard library will allow to use this algorithm. How to C in 2016: use valgrind from the start. I think that it's the best tool for C in the world. I don't know about Flexbox, but I never saw easy and powerful layout libraries. They can be easy, but with very basic capabilities (Delphi 7) or they can do almost anything, but with a lot of concepts and complex API (Java Swing, Java FX, Cocoa, Qt, HTML positioning in general). I guess, that efficient layouting is just not a simple problem. Netflix came to Kazakhstan few days ago. So far I used torrents, because there were no legal services with good enough offerings for me. I'm using Netherlands VPN almost always, because Kazakhstan bans many sites. So I subscribed to Netflix and I liked that service, I would definitely continue that subscription. But I switched off my VPN once and suddenly everything I watched just disappeared. It's blocked for me. So probably back to torrents for now. I really liked Netflix interface, it's the best experience I've ever seen. But interface doesn't worth a penny without content. I don't like Swift and I like Objective C much more. I learned Swift, so I can read it, but I'll use Objective C whenever I can. May be there are more people out there with similar point of view. Does it work only for their direct partners or "transitively"?I don't believe that Apple can monitor every company involved. Redux has good tools. You can restore your state after hot-reloading your changed JavaScript code. You can do time-traveling to restore your app state in any point of time (using new code) but old state. IMO that's an incredible improvement for development. Java platform and libraries are very mature and good. Java as a language is not. I suggest to take a look at Kotlin. It uses JVM, it uses Java standard library, but it provides much better language, while keeping simplicity and it's close enough to Java to be a drop-in replacement. And IDE support is excellent, if we are talking about Intellij Idea. Kotlin is really Java++. No reason to choose Java over it. Another option is Scala, but Kotlin is superior for most projects IMO. I spent literally one evening reading Kotlin reference and I understood an entire language. It's just a Java with slightly altered syntax and a lot of simple yet useful batteries included. I immediately was able to start coding and reading standard library. On the other side in the past I spent around week reading book about Scala. Yet I couldn't read Scala library, it was just too complex. So I don't agree that their complexities are even comparable. Scala is like a Haskell. It's very powerfull, but to understand and use the entire language, one should make a serious investment. Thank you very much. That problem was bothering me for quite a long time, but I couldn't figure out correct term for googling. Another solution I made myself is just to use string as a key. If you need to insert something between "a" and "b", it'll become "an". If you need to insert something between "an" and "am", it'll become "ann", etc. It uses 26 letters but probably should use 64 different characters. This way you'll manipulate strings, they could be easily sorted and you'll figure out next string quite fast. But they could grow long, so entire recalculation should be done from time to time. Actually it would be nice to see that functionality as a compiler warnings. No, you must use id. Check it out: https://jsbin.com/yevuzejebi/edit?html,output Concepts should be separated. Layers should be separated. That's true for any application. Separate HTML and JS? That's a small implementation detail. You can have your view layer as JSX files, separated from business logic, data access, etc. That's actually recommended. Even when you are using purest HTML template engine, completely separated from JS logic, you still can make a mess, moving lots of logic into HTML or moving all your layers into a single JS file. File boundary is very artificial separation. It doesn't always help. And often it makes things worse, because you have to work around limitations. I like native part, I like offline support (sometimes have to work without Internet). I don't like cloud nature (if I understood it correctly, I can't host my own server) and it's probably not open-source which I don't like too (would be too hard to make non-Windows server). Overall it's a very interesting approach and I'll consider using it. Thanks for making it. I thought that CDN should send proper caching headers and browser will save cached version after first request and never hit CDN again. You should handle errors, not unwrap them. > In my opinion, my thesis from GopherCon 2014 still holds: services should only log actionable information. That includes serious, panic-level errors that need to be consumed by humans, or structured data that needs to be consumed by machines. But what if I need some information to debug a problem in the future? I log some related information and when error happens, I can look to the logs and get that information. This might help to debug a problem. Ideally I would like to have a values for all variables at any moment of time. Practically I can't have it, but I can get some values, which, I think, are more important. So later, when I debug a problem, I'll have more information. And if I don't ever need that, no problem, disks are cheap and logs are small (if done properly, there's nothing worse than searching for a needle in a 100GB log file). For my programs I developed a simple rules. Log everything important with DEBUG level (but it shouldn't be too much, don't log 10MB data for each HTTP request). Log everything that happens in the system at a "higher" level with INFO level (like "add record with text {}"). Log everything unusual with WARN level (like user validation failed). Log every unexpected but recoverable (application can serve other requests) error with ERROR level. Log unrecoverable error with FATAL level and shutdown application. Works fine for me. And TRACE level just for debug, it's usually turned off, so it might produce any amounts of data. What I fear about HPKP is how easy it is to kill domain. You have to lose your keys once and it's lost domain for your users, because it's really hard for users to circumvent that protection. It's better to have a really good understanding of what's going on and have good key backups before you configure it. I'm using my own VPN server and I setup unbound DNS server there. It's the only way for my old iPhone and iPad to browse internet without ads. And it's really fast. I use https://pgl.yoyo.org/adservers/ for ad servers list and a little awk script to convert it to unbound format. I don't think so. Probably it'll just reset connection. XSLT is cool "theoretically". It was made to solve real problems with correct approach. But practical implementation is not cool at all. XML is not good as a programming language representation. As an alternative to XSLT consider CDuce language. It was made to solve a similar problem: XML manipulation. But language itself uses traditional syntax and much easier to use and understand. Congratulations to everyone involved. I like Kotlin and I hope to see it as my main language for Java platform. I used it and it really "clicked" for me. Almost everything was designed the right way in my opinion. This limitation must be built into security hardware used by iPhone so software couldn't do anything about it. I was under impression that it's how iOS security model works. If it's not and in fact this check implemented in iOS itself, it's much weaker protection and it's really looks like an intended backdoor from Apple. This is very disappointing letter for me. It means that Apple can indeed build a backdoor into existing phones, they just don't want to do it (or so they speak). I was under impression that Apple employs security hardware which protects keys and makes impossible to penetrate that defense. If it's not the case, iOS security is not as good as it could be. This doesn't sound as a freedom of speech but more as oppressive government. Something wrong if people don't want to express their opinions because of fear. Dynamic DNS might be easier than you think. I used pdd.yandex.ru as my DNS server. It has an API which allows to update DNS records with TTL 5 minutes. So I wrote simple shell script to query my IP from the external site and update DNS record if it changed and put it into cron. Hand-made dyndns and it worked for two years without any problems. I'm sure that there's a lot of free DNS services with API available. > As a recommendation: Don't run unencrypted services through Tor. I use this ONLY for SSH, since SSH is encrypted anyway. Why did author wrote this remark? I was under impression that hidden services provide encryption (and even better than HTTPS because there's no need to trust CA). This recommendation is true when you are talking about accessing HTTP sites via TOR relay but when we are talking about hidden services, they are encrypted. I used StartSSL and WoSign certificates for all websites I had to setup, but I welcome that initiative and my next website will certainly use LE certificate. While it was technically possible to issue free certificates before, LE looks much safer option. After all StartSSL and WoSign are both commercial entities and they can do what they want. There's official case for iPhone with additional battery. Is there some shortcut? "cheatsheet" is a long word to type. I'm very skeptical of any attempts to secure already compromised machine. It's just unnecessary complications for user, bloat for software and determined attacker is likely to overcome them anyway. I use this service for a few days and I can say that Intense Focus helped me to concentrate. Might be placebo effect, but as long as it works, I don't really care. I'll definitely use it. Now thinking about buying sleepphones to try sleep sound. I don't have problems with sleep, but everything could be perfected. You have to download maven central index. Settings/Maven/Repositories, choose repository and click Update. It'll download huge file and then autocomplete will work. Though honestly I never use this feature, I prefer to research library website or, if I'm looking for a latest version, use something like search.maven.org , it might not be the fastest way, but I'll be sure that I use correct version. Maven repository contains some outdated duplicates for popular library and it might not be obvious. I'm not sure how DefinitelyTyped works, but their repository https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped is huge and may be they use that github repository as a single distribution point. Another factor is that when you are buying on black market, you can't be sure whether you are buying real exploit or fake one. Exploit owner probably will request (irreversible) bitcoin payment, will communicate via anonymous channels and is unlikely to give out details about that exploit until he's got his money. So both sides have difficulty trusting each other. Probably solution is some trusted 3-rd party, but is there one in black market? It's hard to imagine, actually. Java loses its explicitness with each release. And it's still much worse as a language than Scala, Kotlin, Groovy, Ceylon (and probably always will be behind). I don't see much value in those improvements. If one wants a better Java, he can use it right now. What Java needs is JVM improvements, like value types or full support for bytecode hot reload. Java 1.4 was very minimalistic and beautiful language. I liked it that way. What exactly will be better? One can compile a lot of languages to JavaScript today. JavaScript is fast enough and size doesn't really matter for most use cases. Is WebAssembly going to be much faster than JavaScript? Clojure is very different language, and I don't know it well, so I didn't include it. Of course it's not a closed list. Security is easy. Do not trust user input. In any framework or library just identify user inputs and treat them carefully. Hard part is to remember that. Almost all of those items are exactly what I wrote: do not trust user input. I use syntax highlighting, but I prefer it to be quite minimalist. I use bold for keywords and different colors for string literals and comments. Also I use underscore for object fields. Modern IDEs usually configured with a lot of visual noise and it might make it harder to read, but probably it depends on person. I live in Kazakhstan and I regularly use my Netherlands VPN. I tried to use Netflix months ago, and I often switched between connections. Didn't got any blocks or even warnings. Web platform is not suited for client side cryptography, because server can serve a customized scripts to you and there's no practical way to find that. I'll give you an example. There's a software that was audited: Truecrypt. I know hash of the executable that was audited, so I can download that executable, verify it's hash signature and use it for my purposes. But if I use crypto in browser, it's like I'm downloading Truecrypt every time from the website. And there's no easy way to determine that I downloaded exactly that binary that was audited and used by everyone else. So if FBI (or narco cartel) reached authors of that software and they want to attack me, they have a perfect attack vector: identify me and serve me a modified code. There could be an addon providing that functionality, but I'm not aware of any. And installing additional addon isn't much easier than just installing a separate software. Web apps are only good because they are easy to launch. My main complain about tmux is that it messes with my terminal emulator scroll buffer. I like to use a mouse to scroll my terminal emulator. For example I can do `cat file` and then scroll around. If file is huge, `less` is better, of course, but for most things terminal scrolling is perfect. But `tmux` and `screen` completely ruin that experience. I know that they have their own scrollbuffer and scroll mode and all that, but I've found that perfect user experience for me is to blend GUI approach and text mode approach instead of replacing it. Thanks, I'll look into it. What I'm finding terrifying is that we compare best players of entire human population to machine. Even if machine is only barely on the same level, honestly, 99.9% of people probably wouldn't stood a chance against it, no matter how hard they would be trying. Those professional players are best of best. Now compare that level of AI with average person. Go game might not be directly applicable to our lives, but it's only a demonstration. And it's replicable as easy as copy'n'paste, compare that to amount of time, money and efforts required to grow and train a human. That future where not only drivers and factory workers are replaced by robots, but anyone who's not doing extremely intellectual work, is getting closer. Factory robot is not that cheap, it requires manipulators, repairs. But cheap office work does not require anything physical, it's replicable extremely fast and gonna cost very low. It's exciting and terrifying feature. It's not going to look well with current capitalistic economical model. I have internet plan for 20 GB/month for 20 €/year (single payment) in Kazakhstan. But, unfortunately, only 3G. They promised 4G this year. I agree. I don't even need very permissive license, just to look at sources would be enough. Sometimes I have to lurk around internet corners just to find out simple things which would require few minutes with source code access. It's so frustrating after Java environment where almost everything is available in source code. I can't imagine how I would replace my laptop with iPad. Some tasks are definitely doable: Web browsing, Mail processing, Music listening, Skype (though chatting on iPad is terrible because you have to switch around all the time, losing your focus, may be split apps might help, can't experience it, because my iPad have RAM like 15-year old PC). Generally speaking for power user every activity on iPad is strictly worse. I can't easily download ZIP, unzip it, open some text file, edit it, send it via Mail. Probably I can do it with right apps, but it would require much more clicks or taps. What I can't even imagine doing on iPad: using Intellij Idea, using XCode, using Google Chrome to debug and develop web apps, using image editors like Sketch and Pixelmator (I know that I can get some kind of image editing, but I don't think that I can do what I'm doing on PC). Now things I could theoretically do but probably can't, because of walled garden: using Terminal to embrace full Unix power, downloading files with BitTorrent, using BitCoin. Probably possible with Jailbreaking, I'm not sure. Also I'm not sure whether I could download some huge 20GB file and watch it using another app without duplicating (does iOS copy file when I open it with other app or just hardlink?). And, of course, keyboard is necessary. Mouse would be useful too, but iPad doesn't support mouse, AFAIK. So probably the only users who can easily migrate from PC to iPad are very casual users, who use their devices to browse web, chat and play simple games. There could be some professionals who work with iPads, it's theoretically possible, but I can't imagine anyone. If I use maven, dependencies are plain JAR files. Adding dependency doesn't do anything but simple file manipulations. To affect build process, maven uses distinct kind of dependency called plugins. Actually I'm surprised that npm uses some kind of scripts. All I want is to download some JS files. Why is there any scripts at all? I guess it's needed for native compilation, but it's a lazy solution, there could be better solutions. AFAIK it has high I/O efficiency and very high memory bandwidth, so for some tasks it might perform very well. If you are comparing single-core performance, probably much worse. I would use AssertionError exception for that. I would like paid content but with affordable prices (like 0.1¢ for small article, not $10 subscription to read a single article). But it needs some big player or few players who'll provide those micropayments without headache and huge fees. Users will be paid for watching ads. It's an innovative approach. What I don't fully understand: are they going to replace google ads with their own ads? Is it even legal? There are battles whether blocking ads is legal, but replacing someone's ads with your own ads looks like potential trouble. Imagine if Google Chrome will adopt that approach. And if they won't replace other ads but only interact with their partners, I don't see how that'll work. There are billions of websites, unless they got some really big contracts, they won't make it. Interesting project, anyway. There's nothing magical in Mac. iOS apps use standard cryptographic algorithms for their digital signature, so one can write a crossplatform client which will generate developer certificate for user, sign any given binary using that certificate and install it onto iOS device. For user it won't be any harder than typing "iport install things" (or click button with some fancy GUI). I'm surprised that this idea wasn't implemented yet. Efficient integer overflow should really be implemented in the processor. This problem exists and often leads to security holes. And developer in 99% cases is not prepared to deal with overflows, so it shouldn't happen unless developer explicitly used some overflowing operator. Unfortunately almost all languages use overflow by default. I only know that C language has unspecified behavior for overflowing signed integers, so it's legal to crash here. That's a sad state of things. It would be nice if this spec would be implemented in major browsers allowing access from JavaScript to USB crypto tokens. In my country (and, AFAIK, in many other places) those tokens are used to provide some government services which require digital signature. Few years ago Java applets were widely used to provide that functionality. There's no other way for JavaScript to access crypto token. It wasn't that smooth, but it worked. Now, when Java applets started to disappear in major browsers, websites require you to download a program which must be run, it listens at local port and website uses websocket to communicate with that program. This process becomes much more complicated for user, especially for non-Windows OS. If JavaScript would be able to access USB crypto device, the whole user experience improvement would be huge. Millions of websites are made with writing HTML by hand and it's certainly not that bad. A competent specialist will be able to help that guy. rm -rf / is easily fixable if you won't mess around after it. Backups usually have recognizable format, so it's possible to restore backups and then everything from backups. He destroyed his company not with one line. He destroyed his company with extremely wrong setup. That one line just nailed it. IMO if you can afford to spend double time rewriting your app for another platform, just use native and don't think twice. But if you are constrained, react native might be a good choice among current cross-platform solutions. Modern compilers are smart enough to catch type safety bugs for most printf use-cases. What properties? The only property I could imagine is practical usefulness: gold is used in electronic devices. But it doesn't have much influence on gold's price, because it's very limited use. If country is blocking websites, they probably will block that VPN service as well (and possibly Opera website). Why this thing is called VPN anyway? It looks like HTTP proxy should be enough for browser. For me it's certainly bad. Terrorism isn't a real issue, it's an excuse for governments to take freedom from people. I want to be able to use phone and internet without being tracked by anyone. A danger is that stranger will abuse your connection to send spam or even worse things. And you might have a visit from police. Also, I'm sure, reselling your home connection is forbidden by your provider. So it's kind of grey zone. Thanks, that's a very reasonable suggestion. It's easy to add --decrypt option to the main tool, so it'll decrypt encrypted archive without executing anything. I'll implement it. Yes, encrypted file includes unencrypted public key (even if it doesn't need it to decrypt) and it means that anyone who has access to the encrypted file, can produce another encrypted file with the same key. I wanted it to be very simple to use, but probably I'll reconsider that. Encryption scheme is similar or identical, AFAIK. GPG requires a little bit of manual setup and you need not to forget to include key with the encrypted file. And, of course, to install GPG when you need to decrypt. I wanted to be able to decrypt the file on any system without any additional dependencies (except OpenSSL, of course). There's an easy way for Elsevier to find compromised accounts used to download articles. I wonder if they will pursue account owners some day. All mobile graphics should be in vector form. There's no excuse for raster except photos. And if we are talking about vectors, it's easy to use them and everything's pixel-perfect. It's very distracting and makes website hard to read. Exe-files, repository packages are usually signed by the developers, so in order to execute malicious code on your system, attacker must obtain private keys from developers. It's usually harder than attack a website. If an executable is not signed, I don't see any difference, if you are not going to inspect script before you run it. You either trust a website or not. Signature checking is widely used. In every Linux distribution I'm aware of, package managers use signatures to check downloaded packages (and maintainers use their keys to sign packages). GPG is another widely used standard for signing open source software. Swift is much more type-safe (and modern overall). Also its OO-model similar to C++ with direct method calls instead of sending messages which results to better performance. Is there any modern web framework for Objective C? Ideally integrated with other Apple technologies like CoreData. Using a binary library is always a nightmare. That aspect in Cocoa is terrifying after Java. With all that openness I really don't understand why Cocoa is closed-source. They could open it with "read only" license, it's not like someone could get any benefit from it. Kazakhstan is a huge country with an extremely low population density. I'm paying $20/year for 20GB/month mobile traffic (calls are not included, there are plans for that, but I don't call much). Coverage is not perfect, but all inhabited localities are covered and major roads too. Selling vulnerability is not ethical. Opening yourself to police is just stupid. It would be ethical to report about vulnerability but without disclosing your name. And if it won't fixed, disclose it at public. That's an official model name. I don't really like the idea of using DB-specific language. First of all, current "DB" languages and tooling are terrible and there's place for beautiful language with good SQL support embedded in PostgreSQL. But even with that theoretically good language, it's better to stay separate from your database, as you are (I hope) staying separate from OS you are using or from IDE you are using. Divide program (and development processes) to a clearly distinguishable parts with clearly defined interfaces and avoid tying too much with something. It might be difficult, but it's definitely possible to swap database if a program accesses it mostly using standard SQL. And it's impossible to swap (or sometimes even upgrade) database, if a program uses its proprietary internal mechanism to work. I know a project which uses Oracle 9. Customer wants to migrate to other version for last 5 years, but he can't, too much hidden obstacles, so he even have to support old hardware (because Oracle 9 doesn't run on newer Windows and old Windows doesn't run on newer hardware). And it's because 50% of a huge system was written using Oracle PL/SQL and it's just not realistic to rewrite it. I don't agree that it's easier to store them in filesystem. You'll have to deal with a lot of potential problems: consistency, backup, transactions, replication, corruption. Database solves those problems automatically and as long as you can store everything there, you better do that. Good databases are not that bad at storing blobs. Just bookmark http://uj3wazyk5u4hnvtk.onion and don't care about it. CentOS 7 (and probably some other distributions) contain firewalld which is much easier to configure than iptables. You can easily setup NAT, open and forward ports, so most of typical router tasks are very easy. Though if you encounter untypical task, you have to learn iptables, of course. On the other side, I prefer apps and use them almost all the time. And I like notifications very much. I can disable those I don't need and instant notifications of important things are very handy. Last time I checked, a lot of Android phones in my region (including new ones) were running 2.X versions with some unnamed browsers (probably webkit-based, but not chrome). For me that's much more issue. I can live with Safari, because there are 2 actual versions (iOS 8 & iOS 9) and they are modern enough. But those archaic androids with unnamed browsers are nightmare that I have to support. Matrix is an extremely promising project. It has everything I'm expecting from IM platform so far: it's very open; it's decentralized (I can host my own server and it'll talk to others); it's centralized (one server for many clients); it's modern (HTTP, JSON, REST); it supports push; it synchronises a single history between all clients. It has VoIP, file transfers. There are numerous clients and few are surprisingly mature. Honestly, it's the best protocol out there. I don't know any other protocol with all those features. I really hope, that Matrix will be the IM of our future, it's good enough for that, in contrast to every other popular IM platform. I used vector.im as a web interface, and it just works. I'll try to deploy Matrix as our tiny company internal communication tool. Currently we use a mix of e-mail, skype, whatsapp, telegram, and it just not as good as it could be. I can't force my friends to move to other IM, but I can influence my colleagues, and, hopefully, it'll be the trend. What Matrix really need is some marketing. It's so awesome, I couldn't believe, that I'm so rarely read news about it. Very few people know what it is, and that's a sad situation. About Heroes of the Storm: players aren't allowed to leave and if they do, they are threatened to be queued with other leavers. And there's no resign option. On the other hand, my worst experience with Dota was that a lot of players were leavers, so any sign of losing and someone left the game. And after that it's really game over. No fun to lose the game this way, even no fun to win the game this way. But with HOTS that's completely different. Almost everyone tries to stay until the defeat and it's not that rare to see a comeback and victory. So I'm supporting that notion of not allowing anyone just to leave. It's not a chess and there are other players who might want to fight until the end. On the other hand, quick anonymous poll, initiated by one player, if anyone wants to stay, and defeat if everyone wants to resign wouldn't hurt anyone, I guess. Electrical cars will never be popular in Russia, at least in the most parts. You have to drive at -40 temperature; you have to drive 500-1000km in one day; and not only drive, but keep warm temperature inside for passengers (not every day, but your car must be able to do that sometimes). You don't have enough money to buy many cars for different tasks, gasoline is extremely cheap (compared to Europe) and not much people care about ecology. Electric cars just don't suited for that. They might become popular in Moscow and other huge cities with warm climate, short distances and rich people. For me Kotlin is almost a perfect replacement for Java. It has very few drawbacks, but generally it's much better and it's a pleasure to use it. Not to mention solid IDE support. I've used Kotlin in two small projects. One project was completed year ago and now I'm improving it. Kotlin is just awesome when it comes to refactoring or generalising. Much better than Java. I don't want to compare it to Scala, they target different auditories, IMO. I tried Scala, it's a lovely language, but it's too complex. I had to spend a month before I was able to write a quality code using Scala and I still had a lot of problems reading scala collections source code or even understand scalaz. On the other side I spent one evening reading about Kotlin (awesome and very complete, yet small documentation definitely helps) and I knew the language, could read its standard library and write production-quality code. For me that's a deal breaker. As of 1.0 Kotlin has solid Java compatibility, @Transactional definitely shouldn't be an issue. What features are compelling for you in 1.1? They are nice, but generally just a nice sugar. I don't really miss any of those. I suggest you to try it now, if you have a chance. I would suggest another command. Instead of "XXX:extract" I use my little shell script, which runs correct unarchiver basing on the file name (or series of unarchivers for common cases like .tar.gz). So you don't have to memorise every command out there. Another useful functionality is to create a separate directory, if archive contains multiple "root" files, so the current directory won't be polluted by the bad archive. That's assuming that there's backup and OS knows about it. Huge majority of people don't have any backups or their backups are not automatic, so OS can't restore the file. Hibernate is a very complex library. SQL+JDBC on the other hand is easy (JDBC is tedious, some complex SQL might be hard, but generally it's easy). On the other hand Hibernate could significantly reduce development time, if developers know it and application is a goot fit (CRUD, filters). My advice is to avoid ORMs unless your project is big and its database schema is a good fit. And if it is, don't think, that ORM is easy, it's not. Learn how it works, read its source code, understand its inner workings. Or find someone who does. I didn't have much experience with other ORMs, though. I think that there's a scientific paper accompanying that code somewhere. So in order to understand that code one should read the paper and all those names probably just came from paper's algorithms. If the code is duplicated then there's some abstraction, otherwise the code wouldn't be duplicated. If abstraction is wrong, just refactor the code, inline old functions, extract new abstraction. I'm surprised, that a western man is so ready to participate in corruption. I live in Kazakhstan and I would be very afraid to bribe an official, it could become worse very fast and if you are caught with that, you'll have to bribe much more people or end up in a jail with a very serious offence. I definitely don't recommend to bribe an official in Kazakhstan, usually it's better and safer to follow a law. Think about it. There's an electronic system in place. So he's registered as a passenger and border control police closed their eyes on his visa. But system will generate a notification and this notification will cause an investigation: why exactly is border control police didn't do their job properly? Did they took a bribe? They'll have to fill a lot of papers just to stay in their work and it's possible that they will be fired anyway. They have clear instructions so they must follow them. If they don't follow the instructions, they might get in trouble, because there are other people who control them. So they did what they have to do. On the other side, court made a right decision and let him go without any penalties, because court have the authority to make those decisions. So overall I'm proud of Kazakhstan officials and I think that they did their jobs properly (except for a bribe episode, it's a real shame). I like smart tools. I can open CSS in Idea. It'll highlight colour values. Then I can click on that colour and change it using colour picker. I think that it uses the best of both worlds. You can buy ethernet-thunderport adapter, it works. I don't need ethernet port and I'm happy that I don't have to "pay" for it (with money or size or weight). > The real problem (imo) is the lack of meaningful updates to the OS. > EVERYTHING is an aesthetic change, or some new Siri or iPhone integration. Does anyone actually start an email on their phone and finish it on their desktop? Anyone? I often use icloud tabs. I'm not sure about e-mails, I don't use them, but I could see myself using it feature, as well, if it works. > Where's updates like better window management? How is it 2016 and I still don't have window tiling on a 4k (5k?) iMac? OS X 10.12 has some tiling. > Apple is busy repainting their bedroom varying shades of grey while Windows puts out integrated linux and bash, improved window snapping, openssh integration, etc. Well, it's not like OS X misses bash or openssh. It's Windows who's trying to catch up. Why would anyone run hundreds of connections? A server can only process number_of_processor_cores connections at once. Sure, few connections might wait for I/O, but not hundreds, unless database is very untypical. Contrary to popular belief, it might be quite hard to configure it. I spent few days trying to make it work, but I didn't succeed yet. Though my requirements might be a bit atypical. I'm not going to run their software which does too much for my taste, therefore I'm using letsencrypt.sh, which I briefly inspected and I feel comfortable to have full control over process. I don't want to perform domain validation using HTTP, I want to use DNS validation, so I have to write an additional software layer to integrate letsencrypt.sh and my DNS provider API (vultr). And that turns out not so easy. For me StartSSL was the best offering, but now I need few 3-rd level domains, so letsencrypt seems the only free choice. Why do you need HTTPS for Tor? It's already encrypted. EV makes sense to prevent spoofing. Yes. Tor address is the public key, so nobody but its private key owner can decrypt traffic (or impersonate messages from it). It's actually superior to TLS, because you don't have to trust anyone (but you have to check that address in the URL is correct). I wonder what goodies might realistically receive author of a popular open source library in return? Resume line leading to a dream work? Donations? Payments for some work (customize, education, etc) from interested company? I really enjoy programming and I always hoped one day to become experienced enough to start some important project that many people will find useful. But sometimes posts like that terrify me. I can parse/print XML (using either in memory parser or streaming parser), use XML Schema to validate XML, XPath expressions to select necessary parts, automatic object mapping, and that's all with standard library without a single external dependency in Java. I don't know why would I use JSON over XML, unless I have very good reasons to do so. For me the only thing that JSON got better is that JSON is directly mapped to commonly used data structures: arrays and maps. This is not correct XML, parser will throw error. This is not correct HTML either. The only reason why this code is likely to produce good enough output in browser is that browser tries really hard to produce something readable even from complete garbage. I have very fast mobile internet (4G, so I can download megabytes of traffic in one second) yet this traffic might cost a lot. And my pings to US server might easily be second or more. So basically I risk to download an entire website which is already in the my cache for each HTTP request. Honestly I'm not sure that I like this server push. I think, the only appropriate use is: server push if client misses some cookie and set this cookie immediately. The boundaries are key here. You just found a community without thieves and our physical world has natural boundaries which prevent other people to enter your community. An analog is some kind of LAN with trusted peers. There's often little to no security in such a networks, the only security is firewall preventing any connections from the outside. But Internet is requires a completely different thinking. You are always living in the worst nightmare, everyone's attacking you constantly, checking your doors and locks. And there are such places in the Earth. In my city you can't use a wooden door, because thief can easily break it with good kick, so everyone uses heavy iron doors with good locks. You can't leave your automobile with factory locks, it'll be stolen, sooner or later. Everyone uses additional security systems. You can't even leave your bag in the closed car, if your windows are not tinted. Someone will see it, break window and stole your bag. You must use heavily tinted window, so no one from the street could see anything inside. Even the thought that I could leave my car or home unlocked is foreign for me. It's my property, so it's my work to defend it. > Don't adopt other parts of this stack until you actually really need them and you can go pretty far with just a few concepts. Redux is very core concept. You'll have to rewrite half of an application, unless you use it from the start. Routing is essential for any serious web site, so you have to implement it one way or another, and not using working libraries looks strange. Same about babel — either use it from the start or rewrite half of code later (or have a mess). Also I think that babel currently the way to process JSX, so unless you avoiding JSX (which would be very strange), you have to use it anyway. I don't agree, that you can avoid all this stuff, unless you are just learning on throwaway pet projects or willing to reimplement a lot of things which are already have good enough implementation. The way I see it is SVG is a format for humans (that's why it got all those shapes and tricky formats) and its main use-case is browser (so CSS and JS support is not a problem, because it's already there). There should be another simpler vector format for machines, IMO. > What would be the purpose of such a simpler vector format? To allow simpler implementation for both consumer and creator software. To achieve better performance (lower size, faster parsing and drawing). > The only use case I can think of is for standalone vector graphics images, but PDF or SVG is often good enough for that. SVG has some problems as a graphics format, which are highlighted in this thread. I'm not sure about PDF, I never saw it used as a vector image format, so can't judge much about it. Java is very verbose language and doesn't provide enough tools to write simple DSL. That's the main reason, IMO. People don't want their build scripts being very verbose. Though with Java 8 it might be better. Please note that Maven written in Java and you can easily create your own plugin and use it from configuration. So you can do everything you want. The same applies for Gradle and probably every other Java build tool. Also Gradle uses Groovy or Kotlin as a build script language. SBT uses Scala as a build script language. So it's similar to what you want. How can CL prevent something like "i1 == i1" instead of "i1 == i2" error? I agree. Especially considering the fact that it's possible to revert to iOS 6 with iPhone 4S. That's what "fine" looks like. I don't want to blame Apple, but iOS works fantastically bad on old devices, and hard to impossible downgrade doesn't add much love either. I bought iPhone at the time because it was responsive and Android was laggy. Guess it's reversed now. It doesn't really evict it. It pauses execution, but program is still running, so when you switch to it, it'll continue to run from the same moment you left it. If another foreground app requests more memory, then yes, iOS might terminate background apps, but that's not necessary. Also there's limited support for background tasks in modern iOS, so background apps might still drain battery and affect CPU (though probably not significantly). > wait, can I get some more info about this? I assumed to cannot go back to old releases. Or are you talking about jailbreaking? You have to jailbreak current OS, then you can downgrade to iOS 6. It'll be jailbroken, but it's just enabled ssh, you can use it without installing Cydia and everything should work as normal. It could be done only with iPhone 4S or iPad 2 and only if current iOS is jailbroken (at least that was the case year ago, I was able to downgrade from iOS 8 to iOS 6 on iPhone 4S). Keyword to Google: OdysseusOTA. Officially there's indeed no way to downgrade, only using vulnerabilities. I don't think that it's possible to ban encryption. I can use gpg to encrypt anything and send it as a text via any channel. I can do anything in my computer. They could ban encryption for wide audience, that's true. But those who need to hide something, they will have access to encryption. USSR was destroyed by stupid government. I'm not sure about western countries, but democracy might have some tools to prevent stupid presidents to do heavy damage (I'm not sure how exactly, but whatever). So the question is, whether Chinese society was able to build a tools to prevent stupid government to ruin everything. After all, Chinese was terrible poor country not so long ago and for many years. How are they going not to repeat the same mistakes? Western world believes in democracy (at least some people do), but it's not generally accepted truth. I think that democracy is stupid, though I don't have anything better to offer. That's interesting. I use VPS as my VPN, but I also run tor relay there, just because I think it's the right thing to do. I can certainly say, that I didn't notice any blocks from the web sites. I tried to run tor on my home server, but, unfortunately, my provider seems to block its traffic, so it was never able to bootstrap. I won't use or recommend HPKP until there'll be a way to recover domain with lost keys. I think of something like bit in the certificate which will override HPKP and this bit should be very thoroughly verified by issuer, something like EV. Risk of losing domain is unacceptable and overweight security gains. Locally trusted CA certificates circumvent HPKP protection, because many organisations use TLS MITM attack to spy on their staff and browsers must support it in order to work properly in those environments. But it makes sense for browser. If you are making your own application, you can implement it in any way. Simplest way would be to embed public key in the application and check it without HPKP. Though, probably, if your app is popular, you'll face that in some networks your connections are MITMed and you (or user) can't do anything about it, so it's choice about dropping security or not to work at all. You can gradually migrate to another non-compromised key. Generate new key, add HPKP headers for both compromised and non-compromised key, keep it long enough so all users who got bad HPKP headers will get new ones, then replace certificate and set HPKP header to include only new keys. Many children from my school spent a lot of time and additional classes to learn math. I never did that. I almost always skipped my homework. Yet I was the best in my class. Things, that other children found confusing and hard to understand, were very obvious to me and when I was asked to solve something from home work, I just did it immediately. That said, I was talking about ordinary children without any selection. After school I went to math faculty in university with similar children. That was cruel, I sometimes felt so stupid. There's definitely talent. And there's hard work. And sometimes it goes hand-to-hand, sometimes it's not. There are untalented people who's working hard and achieve a lot. There are talented people who doesn't give a damn and yet achieve a lot. And there are talented people who word hard and flying in the sky. Probably different people have different views on the industry. I never saw anyone (but me) using vim. Programming: Eclipse, Intellij Idea. Administration: notepad, sometimes notepad++. For Linux it's KEdit or GEdit, depending on environment, I saw nano once. vim or Emacs are popular among enthusiasts, but for many professionals who's just makes living on it, those are gimmicks from ancient era. I spent quite a lot of time mastering vim. It's beautiful editor and I could be incredibly productive with it, but I'm not sure that there are many people who'll do that. If the key is encrypted, then it doesn't exist as long as the password is good enough to resist a bruteforce. But password requirements in this case are definitely higher. You can restrict login attempts in the remote ssh machine, but you can't restrict bruteforcing of stolen encrypted key. The problem is, ssh daemon doesn't know anything about user password. It uses existing libraries to supply login and password in clear form (like Linux PAM) and they check if it's valid. How this check is done, is abstracted too: it could be /etc/shadow file lookup, it could be LDAP request or really anything. On the other side, it could be possible to create sshd implementation which will use its own user database. But it's probably not convenient. What iOS dominance are you talking about? Android has larger market share, last time I checked. Even if that's not true in some regions, it's not dominance at all. If people don't like iOS restrictions, they can use Android, it's very competitive platform. Don't forget that Windows is really the only universal desktop operating system. OS X hard wired to Macs and Linux has really tiny share on desktop market. So those laws about monopolists can be applied to Windows, but with iOS it's a very different situation. I'm waiting for some opinionated build tool for web, which I can use without reading tons of tutorials and copypasting chunks of configurations from everywhere just to make it work. I can use maven, write very simple pom.xml and write my huge enterprise project and it'll work, integrate with IDE, I can build it as a web application, etc. But when I want to use something "standard" like TypeScript + React + Redux + hot reload, I'm ending with infinite headache, so huge, that last time I decided to use good old server-side JSP instead of this fancy shiny tech. What I want is to write package.json, put my code where I'm told to (let it be src/ts, src/css, or w/e) and be done. May be turn on plugins (turn on, not setup every plugin with custom configuration and glue them with JS). What's wrong with Android as a hacker-friendly platform? Also don't forget about free DNS hosting with API: domain.yandex.com. Might be useful, I made dyndns-like setup using this API once. Human support is supposed to help them. What I found unacceptable is "We are banning you and we won't tell you anything about it". This pattern is extremely common. And extremely frustrating. You can't put one in jail without telling why (and right to defend). In many developed countries you can't even fire a worker without a solid reason. It should be prohibited for companies to halt service someone without providing a reasonable explanation. Oppressive laws might force fair people to use Tor, so it'll help other tor users to stay hidden. What country has laws against Tor, anyway? I never heard anything about it. I know that some countries blocking Tor traffic, but not forbidding it specifically. I always trying to use singular form. I didn't give it much thought, I just don't like repetition, and all those "-s" are exactly repetition (not even saying about non-trivial things like "man-men", etc). The only place where it bit me every time is table for users. "user" apparently is a reserved word and I can't use it as a table name (without quoting). Otherwise I liked my approach. There are cars for $65000 and for $20000 and they have their audiences. I wouldn't pay $45000 for slightly more powerful engine and slightly better interior, but many people do. Different people have different priorities. Probably it's not a high-priority issue, so they didn't implement it yet. Should be easy enough to implement for someone, who uses Windows, if they accept patches. It's a common pattern, when developers think about their environment first. I wonder, what's wrong with Gradle? I didn't develop for Android, but I use Gradle for plain Java projects and it's greatest build tool I've ever worked with. It's even better than Maven. Is it because of bad Android plugins? I was excited about it once, but this project doesn't seem to get a traction, so probably it's not worth to use it for real secure messaging. Awesome concept, though. I hope, it'll reborn somewhere. Spam problem is a huge problem and most other messaging systems don't bother. It could be used as a joke, but don't use that word seriously, it could offend. It's either businesswoman (with Russian pronunciation "бизнес-вумэн") or something like "предпренимательница" (enterpreneur-woman). I guess that most people want to launch a browser and start to work. Installing, launching another application is a burden and if you want to use it, why do you need a browser at all? Just do your work locally. Coldline seems to be a perfect solution for personal backups. I used amazon glacier, but got hit with extremely huge bill, when I decided to retrieve my backups, so I'm not going to deal with them anymore, their retrieval pricing is absurd. If there's good UI and scripting solutions for manual and automatic backup into google coldline, I'm in. $60/year is too much for me. I have around 200GB data for backup now, slowly growing. It's $0.007 * 200 * 12 = $16/year for Google cold storage. Also I'm skeptical about "Unlimited Storage", there's always a limit and I prefer to know about it beforehand. Of course Amazon Cloud Drive looks nice for people who wants to backup their media with little effort. I'm using a bit different approach, I'm backing up my data to a home server, but I need a reliable mirror in case of emergency. On the other side, my macbook is the worst notebook I ever own. Faulty SSD (replaced by warranty, but still 1 month downtime because of terrible service), faulty battery after 3 years (which can't realistically be replaced), non-working audio port and speakers (I'm using USB headset), faulty keyboard (half of keys don't work as I'm typing it using Keyboard Viewer), 1 failed charger (worked 2 years), 1 charger will fail soon (cords are peeling off). There were various issues with Asuses, Lenovos I owned, but never so much. I used to own 25-year old BMW which was failing every month or two, so I had to constantly repair it and always guessing which part will fail next. I have the same feeling about Macbook, I never had so unreliable device. For users without JavaScript it's reasonable to include a plain form and send token in plain text as well, so user can copy-paste it into a form and reset his password. IMO it's always strictly better to use something real, like LUA. WoW uses lua as a programming language for user interface and users can make their additions (addons and macroses). A lot of users, who don't know anything about programming, can successfully use those lua snippets. Also when real programmers have to interact with those systems (and my practice shows, that business users don't want to program, they ask programmers to do it), it's so much pain to use those GUI languages or whatever and it's so easy just to write some code in sane language. > Does everyone really have memorized what all 12 function keys do in every app they use? I use IntelliJ Idea, Google Chrome Developer Console, World of Warcraft and those applications make heavy use of F-buttons. At work I usually use large monitor and external keyboard, so I probably could use this notebook anyway, but F-buttons for me are extremely important and using notebook without external keyboard would be a huge headache. Honestly I don't see that cross-platform applications will implement it. At least in near future. So probably it'll be those F-keys, but without physical sense. Overall I agree, that icons instead of buttons would be better (I'm always confusing "step over" and "step into" hotkeys). Anyway it's better to try it before judge. May be those keys are fine or may be I can live with different hotkeys. May be I don't understand meaning of words, but it's not about feminism, it's about generic human rights. She happened to be female, but there are for sure oppressed males as well (who don't want to play by that society rules). I use caps lock as control. I'm confused, is there commercial version and what price? No "Buy" link is very confusing. 1. It's UNIX (more or less, but it's much more UNIX, than Windows), it's familiar bash, grep, awk, etc. It also has proper and popular package manager for command line programs (actually 2, macports and homebrew). 2. It just works. You don't have to configure anything, every hardware part functioning properly and it's guaranteed that this will work in the future without any hassle. You don't have to think about drivers, kernel versions, sleep/wake up scripts, swap. You just install OS and start to work. That's on macs, of course, hackintoshes are more like Linux in that aspect. 3. A lot of hardware designed for Macs. I have yet to see a device which will claim that it support Linux. Yet almost anything will work in Mac. Windows is better, of course, but Mac is good too. With Linux you better google it before you buy it, and even then something might be not perfect. 4. They are nice machines overall. Good enough quality, good casing, good design, good internals, good service. Not best, but not much drawbacks. 5. GUI is pretty nice and pleasant to use, there is a lot of GUI software for macs and almost every useful Linux program will have mac port (but not the other way). Linux doesn't have so polished user experience. Though it's not that important for power users, but it's nice to have IMO. I was referring to something like modem, audio card or gaming mouse. System76 looks really interesting and if it works like Mac, it's awesome. Why would you use preinstalled OS anyway? Every manufacturer installs ton of unneeded crapware. Just download pristine Windows iso and install it from scratch. Wow, that's really bad, didn't know about it. Can't even imagine how buggy their reinstall code would be. Web page should just disable web fonts, if they are not loaded after 1 second and reenable them, when they are loaded. It's not hard to do and it's greatly improves usability. Actually it would be nice, if browsers would do it automatically, show system font, if web font is not cached and it's not going to be ready in the next few milliseconds. Anything better than white page. What's wrong with Intel? They release new processors every year. Apple could easily update every mac every year with new processor, they just don't care. If I were "Pro" relying on OS X, I would build good PC compatible with macOS and just install hackintosh. Much better experience. I suggest to avoid any templates. Start from empty configurations and add things that you need. Avoid blind copypasting, read documentation about anything that you want to add. It might take some time, but you'll have control over your application. Also you might want to start simple, using latest ES6 or TypeScript is not necessary, you can start with ES5, and then, when everything OK, migrate to ES6. Same with CSS/LESS, magnification, source maps, hot reload, etc. I don't turn syntax off, but I hate rainbow in my IDE. I usually use bold for keywords, different colors for comments and string literals, underscore for class members (for Java). Basically that's all. I don't need any other highlighting, it's just a noise for me which makes it harder to read the code. It allows to quickly understand general structure of the code. Indentation helps too, but it's not enough to quickly distinguish between "for" and "if", for example. Or may be I just got used to it. I use macports. No particular reason, it just works for me and I don't see any reason to switch. It also feels more BSD-like, which is a plus for me, though I didn't dig deep enough. I fell in love with programming, when I was about 13, and I love it now (29). Commercial programming (e.g. what I'm paid for) is rarely fun for me, but not bad either. And I have a lot of fun doing programming as my hobby, some experiments, etc, when I'm not constrained with anything. I don't think I would ever change my profession. Build quality is awesome. But parts themselves are just ordinary cheap things which fail. And some of them are just an example of poor engineering. I use rmbp 15". My audio port failed in funny way. It's combination of audio port and laser port in one hole. There's some kind of switch there and it's stuck, so computer thinks that I plugged optical cord and refuses to play sound at all. And it's actually not that rare problem, it happens. Some people had luck with wooden stick, didn't work for me. So I basically have to pay some crazy bucks to replace motherboard because of bad port and bad driver, which can't switch to audio (fun thing is, Windows driver can do it). Terrible keyboard, terrible cords, glued battery (really???), display which can't forget previous image (crystallization or w/e it's called), terrible mic. Macbooks are not that good. Why not? All things being equal, higher frequency allows to do more operations/s. WinAPI and glib are different things. Compare WinAPI to libc API and Xlib. And I'm sure, you can run X application from 1990 on current Linux. I've learned X programming in 2005, and many resources and mans were dated 1990-1995. They all worked. Though OpenSource often tends to move forward without thinking much about compatibility, that's right. I guess, it's not an interesting topic for hackers, who work in their free time. I live in city, where there're problems with parking, everything is tight, no suburbs, etc. And US looks like a dream for me. Living outside this city, driving fast lanes? I would love to live there, I hate public transportations and I hate concentrated people. In my country (Kazakhstan, and Russia, AFAIK) manual transmissions are popular with cheap cars, where $500 is a huge difference for buyer. With more expensive cars manual transmission are extremely rare (only BMW have them, AFAIK). So it's basically a choice between cheap and expensive options. I personally like manual transmission. It cheaper, it's not hard to use, it's significantly cheaper to repair, car with manual transmission could be towed or could tow another car, etc. So for me is a bit of convenience does not outweight drawbacks and extra cost. Yet it's not widely used as embedded OS. I never saw any router with OpenBSD or web camera. The underlying problem, IMO, is people. They just don't care about security, they want to deliver working device. Also it's not clear how many vulnerabilities, used in real life attacks (like DDOS from IoT devices) are in latest Linux kernel? May be problem not with Linux, but with custom software or lack of updates. Kaspersky certainly care about security, it's their business. I'm talking about people who build routers or web cameras. I doubt that Kaspersky built OS for internal use, they want to license it to other manufacturers. But I'm not sure that other manufacturers will want to pay for this extra security (if they would want, they already have better options). I have similar library and I use the following approach. I have "lib" directory in the project and I have those jar files there. Also there's simple install.sh script which calls "mvn install:install-file" for every jar-file. So developer has to run install.sh script once and he's done. > people with non-Latin scripts want domain names in their own language I've yet to see a useful site with Cyrillic domain. Theoretically it sounds good, but practically everyone still uses Latin domains. May be it'll change with time. What about Googlé.com and infinite number of other variations? I think, it's impossible to register this domain. Second "o" is in fact Cyrillic "о" which looks indistinguishable from Latin "o" (unless you use some weird font without Cyrillic letters). Thanks, I was wrong. That's even worse than I thought. AppleScript just needs nice IDE with code snippets, etc. Script Editor is just a bit more than TextEdit and it's not enough. It's interesting language, but it's not used widely, so when you have to use it, you need to remember syntax, etc, and that's much easier with good IDE. I doubt that I would be happier to use Python, because I used it once or twice in my life and I would google for every bit of language anyway. It's fun. I remember times, when Google Chrome was in beta and it was just a little more than webkit frame with tabs. Only distinguishing thing was speed, better security model and nice look. So I switched from Firefox to Chrome, because I didn't really need all that power. So now Edge has the same impression. Actually I'm not sure if Google Chrome will stay leading browser for much more. I already use Safari instead of Chrome, because it's enough for my needs. If Edge would be good enough, why install Chrome? I would argue, that it's better to mount / as RO and remount /var, /home as RW. As an experienced Java developer I love long Java stacktraces and I miss them in most languages. In 90% cases stacktrace allows to find a bug without any debugging, because it's just very obvious where it is. Of course if someone doesn't care about exceptions, it's just a bad style. Exception in the production log is like red light and alarm sound, BUG-BUG-BUG. I saw projects, which throw stacktrace after stacktrace, gigabytes of stacktraces (and then archived those teralogs and noone ever watched them). But those projects have much more problems, verbose logs is the least of them. Yes, with heavy framework usage, especially when those frameworks generate proxy classes and wrappers and god knows what, it's often 2-3 lines of useful information between 90 lines of not-so-useful library or even autogenerated code. But only developer can judge it, environment should preserve anything. Given that password autofill built in all browsers, it should be part of HTML, IMO. Something like There are special polarized glasses for night driving. They are not blackened. When someone goes towards you with unregulated headlight which blinds you, it really helps. My vision is constantly getting worse every year. I can just change glasses. I thought about surgery, but what I would do next year? Surgery again? Probably it depends on VPN settings. I'm using OpenVPN server running on a VPS in another country. I'm running unbound there, so I'm sure that my DNS responses are legitimate. Another plus is that I've tweaked unbound config to return NXDOMAIN to some ad networks, so I can browse internet with less ads without adblock. I'm using list from http://pgl.yoyo.org/as They will do it next year, so they could sell more USB-C-Lightning adapters for Lightning headphones people bought for iPhone 7. Is it hard to nuke Mars or Titan? Looks the same for me. Deploy nukes in the Mars orbit and destroy colony if needed. Yep, it's a huge hole. Arrays in Java should be Object[] or primitive[], not Animal[]. That's one of the reasons that object arrays should be avoided (something like ArrayList should be used instead). It's exactly the opposite. With open source software there's no risk at all. You can always hire developer to support this unmaintained software, because sources are available, or just to export data. With proprietary software you just can't do it legally and if you want to reverse-engineer it (allowed in some countries), you'll need exceptional expertise. http://pastebin.com/raw/fqqf06AD pledge, W^X are examples of the former approach. Reserve few ports and connect to random IP address until you've found a node. Works only for IPv4, though. It's too easy to block those few thousand nodes and render the entire software useless. If I would start Tor on my PC, it won't connect to any nodes, because all bootstrap hosts are blocked by my provider. It's centralization with all related drawbacks. CDN is common enough technique which should be standardized in browsers. HTML should include link to resource hosted by site and its checksum. Now browser can easily use cached resource from any other site with the same checksum or just download it from site. There are 2 reasons to use CDN. First is caching (different sites using the same resource from the same CDN will download it only once), second is speed (some browsers restrict connection count to the same domain, so hosting resources on a different domains might improve download time). Caching is better solved by using checksum as a key, instead of URL. Speed with HTTP/2 is not an issue, because there's only one TCP connection. The only advantage of CDN might be geographically distributed servers, so user from China would download resource from China server instead of US server. I don't see easy and elegant way to solve it, but I'm not sure it should be solved at all, HTTP/2 pushing resources should be enough. I think that web stack has its problems, but generally problem is developers (or their managers) who don't care about performance. It's possible to create awesome and performant websites with current web stack. There are interesting ideas in this project. I would love instantly dig into any software component. I can do that with website: I can right-click on button and click "Inspect" and I'm very close to discover what code executes. Imagine the entire computing platform built this way. Few navigations and you are reading TCP/IP code. Click here and there and you are inspecting USB packet from your mouse. Also live code update is so rare, yet so useful. Set breakpoint on that line, stop there. Add some code and it'll be executed immediately. Java invented Javadocs, which is awesome. I can read almost 0 documentation on some simple library yet I can use it with autocomplete. JavaScript isn't quite there yet, but it could be. There's a lot of improvements to be made in current software stack. Why would all bitcoins be lost? Even if only one bitcoin left, you can divide it in billions of pieces. And when you've lost every piece but one, you can further divide it. It won't be lost forever, not until our universe will die, and long before that we probably will be able to break SHA-1 and mine lost bitcoins back. I really hope that jailbreakers will be able to downgrade iPhone 4S from iOS 9.3 to iOS 6. I stayed current when Apple released updates, even with terrible performance, but now it's really doesn't make any sense to stay on that laggy iOS 9, if I could use blazing fast iOS 6. They don't force upgrade. With iOS 6, new update is downloaded automatically and it's not possible to remove this update, so you're wasting quite a lot of precious disk space (but if you jailbreak, you can remove this update). Also I'm not sure that it's possible to do factory reset and stay on old version. But as long as you don't do that and don't press "upgrade", you'll be fine. AppStore allows to download latest app version supported by your operating system. They might debate in public and make a deal in private, you may never know. My iPhone 4S has 0 moving parts, yet it had failed WiFi after 1 year. My Macbook has 0 moving parts, yet it had failed SSD. My Renault Logan has quite a lot of moving parts, yet I use it for a few years and almost 100 000 kilometers (and that's quite a lot of movement in extremely different weather conditions, from -40 to +40) and I had very minimal maintenance outside of regular oil change. While I generally agree, the point is, even when there are no moving parts, there's a lot of failure points (temperature, vibrations) and manufacturers will create faulty devices, no matter what. If device is too good, they will cut expenses, until it'll be "good enough". It depends on your use-case. Either maintain central authority and issue certificates for yourself (you don't need to change anything, when you need to issue new certificate) or use alternative authentication methods (e.g. passwords) when you need to issue new certificate. For me Safari works good enough, so I don't have many reasons to switch. Chrome development tools are marginally better, so it's still installed and I use it for some heavy JavaScript development, but outside of this I prefer Safari. Funny enough, I had to use Windows 10 for a short time, and Edge was actually not that bad. I remember IE being the terrible product and everyone used some other browser. Now Edge is usable and there's no much reason to install Chrome there as well. AFAIK hosting a link could be copyright violation too. All bittorrent sites host links, not real content, yet they are sued and closed. You can allow predefined SQL strings and define security rules for each string. If you need new query, you have to write new security rule for it. Won't work for dynamically generated SQL, but for most CRUD SQL it should work. It's trivially solved by comparing new password to all previous passwords and decline if they are similar. And if they wrote their passwords on the stickers, they should be explained that it's not appropriate. I agree that this approach is not very user-friendly. Yup. I have HP Microserver at my home and it has remote KVM feature powered by Java webstart application. I expect this server to last for many years, so I need access to Java. I'm Java developer myself, so I figured out how to start it without installing Java plugin, but I don't think that there are many people who would do that. So probably Flash or Java will exist for many years, may be behind some obscure flags. What's wrong with swapping CPUs? A lot of websites work with very minimal JavaScript functionality. Yes, modern hype dictates things like SPA, but it isn't a standard, so unless you want to look like bleeding edge, server-side rendering is fine and might be preferable, especially if you are single developer and don't want to maintain two separate stacks. Separating makes sense for websites with gradual improvement. You can disable JavaScript and have usable website. You can disable CSS and have usable website. Some features won't be available, it might be not that pretty, but it'll function. Now with web applications it's not necessary makes sense to separate some concerns. Functionality, design, markup — it's all glued together, like it or not. Remove CSS and there won't be anything but bunch of pointless divs. Remove JavaScript and it'll be just a garbage. I needed to parse a tiny subset of SQL. I did it with ANTLR very quickly. It would take much more time doing it by hand, and I know quite a bit about parsing. For complex language it might be the other way, of course. Actually I never saw a single real programming language without hand-crafted parser. But if you need a tiny DSL, ANTLR is fine. Why would it be the end of old vim? I've never used neovim and I don't plan to use it, vim is perfectly fine for me, as it is. I guess, most of vim users don't even know of neovim. Sure, it's good to have a choice. There's Time Remaining indicator in the Activity Monitor, you don't need 3rd party tools. Not everyone have to tune GC. I never had to do that. I work with government project which serves the whole country now (small cluster with jboss servers), nobody tuned GC there, because there was no need (except -Xmx setting, of course). I wrote few simple programs with Rust, but its memory management model is much harder to use, than GC (no thinking about memory at all, just don't leak) or ARC (just think about cycles). While I understand why it's necessary to achieve higher performance, it's harder to use for developer. It might have uses for multithreading, but, honestly, I never had any problems with it. It's usually better to write single-thread code and avoid multithreading except in few carefully written places. So it solves a problem I never had. That's my perspective, I mostly did enterprise web development and iOS development. Probably from systems programming things look different. If kernel uses some kind of callbaks internally, why this callback API isn't directly presented to userspace API? Callback API is easier to use than select. I remember emulating callback API on top of select and if kernel emulating select on top of callbacks, it seems pretty weird. Inability to reliably send messages to gmail is huge. I'm using my own server, I own my domain for years, I asked a lot of people to remove "Spam" label from my messages, I did everything (reverse DNS, DKIM, SPF, checked that Gmail likes it all) I could, yet for new recipients gmail might mark my e-mail as spam. Gmail is worse e-mail provider, I liked it before, but I really don't like it, because it seems to punish people for decentralization. And I don't have this problem with other e-mail providers that I checked, they are happy to receive my e-mails. Short unreadable identifiers, abusing macroses, lots of magic numbers. Not really the best example of C, IMO. Can I even use it to remote control my server? HP have iLO, but it's completely different beast, AFAIK. I've never heard about using Intel ME for servers. Another advantage is that pedestrians can just walk wherever they want and cars will safely avoid them. Much more freedom for everyone. I can google-SO program in PHP or Python, I did it recently with very little knowledge of those languages (I know other languages and have some common sense, so I know what to look for). Other languages like Haskell, C++ or Rust do not fall in that category, you have to really understand, what you're doing, before you could do something useful. That's fine, IMO. Not every language should be easy, if that complexity brings some advantage. And for Rust that complexity does bring the advantage: 0-cost memory safety. It's an unique advantage, so it's worth a little time investment. If I have a choice, I'm always choosing native application for macOS. It's eating less memory (because all shared libraries are already loaded), it provides similar experience as other apps (menu bar, context menu), it's usually works much faster (because Objective C is quite fast compared to some interpreted languages). Sometimes I don't have a choice (like Intellij Idea), so I have to live with Java or Chromium application, but I don't like that experience. What's point in bundling unrelated features? I used Opera in the past, but I never used nor IRC, nor mail (their mail was very cumbersome for me, I used The Bat instead), so it was wasted effort for me. Now if Opera would provide JS API for torrents or mail to enable further integration between those technologies, that would be interesting and innovative. I don't know Rust good enough, but do unsafe blocks help there? Data structures belong to library code and libraries surely can utilize unsafe blocks, because they are expected to be heavily tested.