Got selected. Where's the good food at in Mountain View? I love me some Indian food. Thanks for the advice. Well, sort of. The selection isn't random. If you're one of the 10 that appeal to them most your odds are 100%. If you're not, they're 0. Unless they decide by rolling dice there's really no probability involved. I've eaten at Bouchon in Vegas and wasn't too impressed, but I hear the one in Napa is leagues better. I had the good fortune of meeting Allison Steltzner a while back and she told me that. There's a good chance I'll try it on this trip. And no staunch, that was not my intent, and I hope it does not appear as such. That had not occurred to me but probably should have. I really just hoped to share my experience and get any tips/comments from people here, especially on dining. Seems like they should have just hired the guy. Thanks for all of the well-wishes. Pt. 2 was posted this morning. Thanks! I'll do my best to let you all live vicariously. If I was the only time I'd be in Boston is when my yacht parked there. I've been self-employed for a long time and I'm planning on staying that way. And you're right, I suppose not all iPods sold during the Christmas quarter were gifts. Valid point, but I still don't think it detracts from the overall view that being giftable is a big asset in the sales department. Well I have no doubt that down the line the iPhone will become cheaper and more popular. Especially if they release on more networks. I'm just saying this one won't hit ten million. Yeah, I get what you're saying, and you're not incorrect. I have one of the more popular poker blogs and I've seen the effects first hand. I'm definitely more interested in just making something I like. Obviously for my startup's blog I won't have such liberty. As I said in the guy's comments, if he saw the stuff you guys chose this summer, he'd realize how wrong he is. I can't wait until people start launching. I'm almost as excited about some of the other startups I saw out there in Mountain View as I am about ours. Also YC does not have a history of ripping off both its "musicians" and its customers. And as far as I know, they've never sued anyone who used any product they've launched. We had two undergrads and one guy who never even graduated. And a demo but we didn't get to show it at all.Must have been lucky. Or in early June so those of us in the summer batch can come. Agreed. I was planning on putting that in tips for interviewees since you don't get any feedback until then. Thanks! Yeah, it's totally deserved. Weebly's got a bright future. There's pretty much no better way for your grandma to make a website about her cat. Interesting. My philosophy is that you can always go back to college, but then maybe that's why I'm 26 and still haven't graduated. I think that's actually great. That was more or less Reddit's situation as I understand it. There's so much non-hacking stuff to do that I honestly think each group should have someone who feels no compulsion to write code, freeing the hacker(s) from distraction. My ideal candidate, were I doing the funding, would be a group consisting of two hackers and one non-hacker. Maybe I'm biased though because that's what we have. This suffers from the common Apple fanboy logical fallacy that hype=success. That's perhaps the most useless and poorly thought out argument I've ever read about anything. I found a anti-evolution propoganda pamphlet in an airport a week ago that was more cogent. It's beyond ridiculous for an American company to attempt to process gambling transactions. I'd be extremely leery of using them for anything, as they're going to be shut down and have their funds seized without a doubt. It was not the US Government's screwup, it was the Neteller founders' for coming to our country. Had they had the common sense to remain overseas the whole debacle would have been avoided. Regardless of where you stand on the issue (and I'm obviously as pro-gaming as they get, since I made my living for 5 years playing poker online) the fact is that the DoJ is going to systematically destroy anyone who has anything to do with online gambling. Anyone starting any startup in that space in this country is begging for jail time. Poker bots are far from a problem yet. They excel at heads up limit hold'em, but as more players enter the table they get progressively worse. Even the best of them can't yet beat a low limit full table. Eventually they will though. And there will be no real way to stop them. We've got some time, and how much depends on who you ask. Also, the human vs computer match cited doesn't really mean much, for reasons I'll leave for a poker blog entry. The barrier to entry as far as a bot goes is certainly the AI. Programming the rest is far more doable. The most notable team that has been publishing poker-related AI research is headed by Darse Billings at the University of Alberta. Their bots can be purchased online as a training tool called Poker Academy. From what I've seen first hand and heard from poker players I respect, the only bot worthwhile is the heads up limit hold'em one. I don't know how far they've come since the Poki I played against, but I doubt that one could have beaten a full $1/$2 game. I'd guess it would break even at $0.50/$1 online. The short handed bot didn't seem much better. The heads up one, however, could probably trounce anyone who would typically play below $15/$30, and it might even be higher up the scale than that. To put it in perspective, many very notable winners at the biggest games online used to fear a player who went by Neverlose since they thought he was that bot. You can google for "Neverlose bot" and read all about it. So at heads up limit I would intuitively suspect there are bots, though to be honest I've played a decent amount of it in the $3/$6 all the way up to $100/$200 range and the vast majority of players at low/mid limits are atrocious. So if there are bots in heads up, they are either poorly designed ones or they are in the higher limits exclusively (which really wouldn't make sense, since there is probably much more money to be made for someone who can play all day every day in the lower limits). As far as other games go, I suspect bots reside largely in low level sit and goes. I once had a bot breaking even around the $22 level using Winholdem, which at the time only supported min-raise or shove as the bet amounts (no idea what it can do now, I haven't used it in years) and my AI used nothing more than if/then statements. Someone capable of any sort of AI programming more advanced than that could probably beat them handily. Due to some other terrible limitations of WinHold'ems software I never pursued it much further. Classic Carlin. Def among his best material. To wear hats. Lol @ linkbaiting. Not all progress must come from mistakes. He seems to equate the two. Big changes do not necessarily come from fixing big mistakes. They can come from recognizing new opportunities as well. Smash Jessica promised to do keg stands if any of her flock IPOed. I'm hoping we'll be the ones to do it, but if another Y C startup beats us there we're definitely still holding her to her word (and a keg). Does it even matter? Build something people want, and customers will come to you. When customers come to you, VCs won't be far behind. The community it fosters is definitely the most underappreciated part (by outsiders, at least) of the Y C experience. Also if it's anything like real estate, their incentive is more to close the deal than to get the highest price, freeing them to move on to the next. A difference of a few percent to you the seller is huge, to the banker its a small percentage of that few percent. He'd rather just get it over with and move on. I actually invented video ads in 2002. I have no evidence to back this up, but have already filed the patent app. How to Win Friends and Influence People Even beyond lack of sleep, which I think we all agree is bad in the literal sense, the law of diminishing returns sets in at some point and makes working further counter productive. The exact amount, of course, depends on who you are and what exactly you're doing, but it's probably much far lower than most people would guess. I've done a lot of research on this, through both reading and self-experimentation, and have come to the conclusion that there aren't very many people who would benefit from hacking more than 60 hours a week in short bursts, or more than 50 sustainably. I'd take a hacker who works hard 5 days a week, 10 hours a day, and spends the rest of his time partying over one who sits in front of a computer 12 hours a day, 7 days a week any time. There's a wealth of information on the topic out there, and studies are published all of the time. It's definitely the sort of thing one should look into when trying to increase their efficiency. Guess I have to upvote that, since I've been following the story for years and now have a vested interest in the outcome. >>Complying with the W.T.O. ruling, Professor Jackson said, would require Congress and the Bush administration either to reverse course and permit Americans to place bets online legally with offshore casinos or, equally unlikely, impose an across-the-board ban on all forms of Internet gambling -- including the online purchase of lottery tickets, participation in Web-based pro sports fantasy leagues and off-track wagering on horse racing. The rest could go to hell in a handbasket as far as the government is concerned, but off-track wagering is a massive industry. The lobbying there is just too strong. Also Americans can place bets legally with off-shore casinos (in most states there is no law against it). It's just illegal for banks to process the payments. I don't know of anything closer than Foxwoods and Mohegan Sun. No There should be a special logo for YCombinator rejects to display. I humbly offer http://farm2.static.flickr.com/1169/1251010963_4787666411_m.... I actually get this magazine in paper (thanks for that Delta Airlines!) and was pretty surprised by that story too. I think it's yet another plentyoffish style story that makes the web look a little more democratic than it really is. It's definitely kind of neat to see companies that were turned down by YC and worked on their project anyway. If there were a list of them somewhere (similar to TechCrunch's deadpool, but a little more cheery) I'd love to read it. I'm really curious what percentage of the submissions that get rejected go on to incorporate and put something out there. I don't say this to be mean, though I'm not sure I can phrase it in such a way that it doesn't sound so, but I don't see any bad luck in the story above, other than maybe timing. It appears to be the results of a bunch of bad decisions unfortunately reaching their boiling point all at once. It's important in times like these to take stock of all of the decisions leading up to this crisis. It sounds like you made a lot of mistakes, as we all do. Learn from them and you'll be the better for it, and in time you'll view this as all as one big opportunity. You didn't lose your job, you quit, so that may or may not have been a mistake (in fact, it may have been a mistake not to do it sooner) but either way it certainly wasn't bad luck. What it will turn out to be depends on what you make of the opportunity. Get another job you hate and it was a mistake, find one you enjoy and it will turn out to be one of the best things you ever did. You have the choice there. Cars almost never die completely with no prior warning. I certainly don't know the situation well enough to be sure, but I'd be willing to bet you ignored some serious signs. That's a mistake I've certainly made and learned from. Losing a phone is usually due to carelessness. We've all done something like it. That one's essentially valueless as a life lesson, you already knew it was bad, and there's only so much you as a human can do to prevent such things from recurring. The relationships are the tough ones. It sounds like in the case of the girl you trusted someone's words rather than their actions because it was the path of least resistance. That's always a mistake. Yet another we've all made. Just like a car, relationships never die without plenty of warning. There's a good chance you saw the signs and willfully ignored them. Learn from that. The only thing left to do now is learn from each mistake and turn all of these annoyances into opportunities. Design means different things to different people. If you mean that in terms of workflow/ease of use, that's going to be largely a function of the team and feedback from customers. As far as the graphic design that can easily and cheaply be outsourced, though even then you'd ideally want one or more founders with a good aesthetic sense to work with them. $27.95 All of Paul's essays are better written. This wasn't an essay. It was a talk, and one written quickly. A lot of people have a strong dislike of Aaron. I've certainly had unpleasant experiences. Wow, that's my goal exactly. Well, technically I want a country. But I guess if I make enough to do that, you'll make enough from it to do a town. Mine wasn't that bad, but it did involve me being told I had an apartment in Cambridge locked up, only to find less than two weeks before Y C began that I didn't. Yes. I drew a picture of my dong and mailed it. Still waiting to hear back. That post about sincerity is interesting but exactly, completely wrong. He's completely reversed the entire cause effect relationship. I'll write a blog post as to why. That's kind of a silly way to look at discourse. All discourse is basically someone trying to correct the misconceptions of others. Internet debate gets a bad rep, but it's intrinsically no worse than any other written debate (which in and of itself is certainly the highest form of discourse man has ever invented). Sincere internet debate is perhaps 50% of what makes the medium useful (the other 50% being, of course, videos of kittens). Insincere internet debate is unfortunately 99% of the overall market and often clouds that fact. So if anything, there's your unified theory of sincerity. As for one true conception, I imagine it exists on many topics, though getting at it is rather tricky. I've certainly started to argue with people before only to find out, as I put it in writing, that I agreed with them, sometimes even for reasons they'd missed. So if the truth is so convoluted that you can never really know it, perhaps it functionally does not exist. I now feel my counter argument to the sincerity thing is overhyped though. I don't have enough time to make it live up. Please don't read, you'll only be let down. I actually founded Facebook. I called it thebookoffaces.com and built it in 1999. Mark Zuckerberg probably saw it when he did some summer school at the University of Akron and ripped it off from me. Did anyone else here found Facebook? So as of right now, your resume is "Son of a school teacher got his start designing websites. Dropped out of community college freshman year to pursue clothing venture.Failed." Impressive. Too bad I'm already involved in a startup, otherwise I'd be down. Pretty much the only way I'd play an online game is if that was a certainty. I'm sad that the summer is over too. I'll miss the Tuesday dinners quite a bit. I obviously don't have much time to dwell on it, and I'm excited about the future, but I'll always look back fondly on the Y C experience. The atmosphere there was something I'm pretty sure I'll never encounter anywhere else. I'll probably drop by the dinners in Mountain View so frequently that half of the new founders will think I'm in their batch. We may use java for a tiny fraction of our startup (back end of the live game server) for the performance benefits. Does that count? Doesn't it cost you way more than the cost of a meal to get there from the Y Scraper? Well, if your company is going to tank, then 1-2% is a deal. Otherwise pay cash. Yes, if your product competes with mine. No otherwise. The science of color is actually pretty amazing. Now if only there were a mathematical explanation for Paul's love of orange. I thought I was a fan of that color until I met him. Khakis are so great for that. The best part is, girls see hundreds of douchey guys wearing jeans and something that doesn't match. It's a strong clothing choice for like 15 different reasons. If they weren't, they probably are now. You know your anti-Microsoft argument is plain old retarded when everyone on hackers news disagrees with you. What's Scheme? Just kidding. Not really. Scriggle it. Just a little bit. Exactly why almost every YC startup from the Boston batch that doesn't die immediately after ends up in the valley. Steve should issue everyone an extra $100 credit for being a dunce and going with AT&T I'm always skeptical about approaching the cofounder process that way. I wouldn't recommend doing this with someone you don't know very well. It will strain the bonds of friendship, without that, it's a crapshoot. In fairness, they're nowhere near 50% success yet. Only a few startups have actually "succeeded" by PG's definition (i.e. gotten rich). That's largely because most of their fundees haven't had time to get there yet. They do have enough horses still in the race and running strong that I wouldn't bet against them, but their success rate right now is a something around 5% right? This is actually hilarious. I could go through and point out how many of these things are wrong due to outsider perspective, but I wouldn't want to degrade the humor quality of the post. Also from PG in that comment thread: "I know there isn't widespread support for him because I rarely see references to him anywhere except sites like this." The best measure of any election is without a doubt the gambling market. They've proven far more accurate than any poll. My favorite is http://www.intrade.com where Ron Paul is tracking at around 4% to win the Republican nod. Yes, you'd sell Ron Paul shares right now. If you think he's way too high you should. I don't like your EV there though. I don't have much hope for ning. Social networks are pretty easy to program yourself, and their appeal is largely the userbase. You join a social network because all of your friends already did. If I wanted social networking for my little niche, I'd simply start a facebook group. That term is borderline retarded. It's the internet slang equivalent of that cousin of yours who got held back in the fourth grade. I've used mozy for about 6 months because I saw a few roundups and all of them named it the best. It's definitely got MUCH room for improvement, but it's not too terrible. It's certainly a wide open market. I don't think you can equate admission to an elite college with social mobility. The two are probably not directly related. I'm missing exactly what it is about Vista that everyone hates. I've been using it since day one on my Lenovo X60 and have never had any problems. It's far more stable. Windows rot has not yet forced me to reinstall, and I've never gone even half this long without doing so on XP. And it crashes far less (though still not never). The only driver I've been unable to find was for a very old, very cheap Logitech webcam. Everything else has been no trouble whatsoever. I think almost all problems attributed to Vista are actually due to shoddy hardware used by budget conscious OEMs. Buy a Dell and you'll hate Vista, but then again, buy a Dell and you'll hate any OS. Buy a Lenovo and it's rather pleasant. Windows rot happens if you install/uninstall a lot of programs due to DLL hell. I suspect I have to reinstall way more often than my parents, but it does happen even to them. I defrag and run anti-spyware regularly. Use Firefox only, and never even see such a link due to adblocker. It's mostly the DLL nightmare. I've heard that from a few people actually. I always want to try OSX, but the ridiculous price and sub par hardware/build quality keep turning me away. All of my friends have Macbook Pros, had it not been for that I probably would have gotten one by now. I'm definitely not a fan of Mac fonts, but that might just be what I'm used to. In poker we have a saying about tournaments, which is that they are a lottery and the best players get a few extra tickets. The business world seems much the same. Luckily just like in poker, if you keep getting a disproportionately large number of tickets, and keep drawing over and over, your chances of winning approach 1. They're going to dictate the course of an interview to a much larger extent than you are. That's pretty much the nature of the interview. You should be flexible, I agree, but not wishy-washy. I don't think they'd respect anyone who was willing to totally revamp their idea instantly just because of their suggestion anymore than they would someone who was totally inflexible. There's a middle ground that you should walk, not just in trying to be accepted into YC, but in life in general. Well, the first time you use any given technology its a novelty, but that usually quickly fades. When I found Google I instantly thought "this is the greatest thing ever". Within a month of owning a cell phone I knew I could never go back. Facebook has been around a long time and still has nothing more compelling than turning people into vampires, and they have a ton of geniuses trying to figure it out. Its not only a perpetual novelty, but one which is apparently wearing off if you look at average visits per day per user. The middle part of that sentence which you ...ed out was kinda important. I meant that platforms in general have not and will not reach the popular consciousness. People in the tech world today think they're far more important than they are. Facebook apps have definitely made themselves known to Facebook users, but far from indispensable. That would be Plaxo. Not to mention, nobody has bought an actual Rolodex in 10 years. You can't build a business by replacing a product that has already been replaced. You know, despite the fact that the tech community flocks where the sheepdogs tell them to as much as any other, maybe more, they seem more open to dissenting opinions. Especially when they're well expressed and come from someone who agrees with them 90% of the time anyway. Andreesen is wrong on so many fronts. The biggest is "The web, after all, vanquished proprietary online services like America Online, Prodigy, and Compuserve -- the so-called "walled gardens" -- in large part because the web is a platform and the walled gardens were not." Umm, no. Broadband vanquished them. They allowed unfettered internet access long before they began their downward spirals. I had AOL in high school, when they were approaching their zenith, and never used any of the walled features, just internet and IM. When you phrase platform the way he does, it sounds superior. When, in reality, you have people piling layer on top of layer until what remains is something so complex and unreliable that few people can understand or tolerate it, you end up with something nobody wants. And honestly, anything is a platform once somebody turns it into one. Myspace most definitely is. People make good livings just making layouts for it. Photobucket got rich off of it. Lots of indie bands sold concert tickets and CDs thanks to it. Dane Cook owes it his entire career. So in the platform race, Facebook is losing. They're a more restrictive platform built onto a smaller one. eBay was not started to sell Pez dispensers. That's a marketing myth they perpetuated which has since been recanted. A brief Wikipedia search shows that it was story crafted by a brilliant P.R. agent a couple years after they'd launched. Weren't business professionals Rolodex's target audience as well? That sentence "Platform is the Bubble 2.0... was speaking about platforms in general. Average Joe doesn't know or care about platforms. Average Facebook user (who is far from Average Joe) may know about some of the apps on Facebook, but has yet to find anything compelling and never really will. Right. Which didn't ruin AOL (the company) it made it better. What ruined AOL was the shift away from them to broadband. Oh, I don't know anything about Plaxo, other than what they do. Never had any use for it. Aha. Guess I'm too young to have known that. You don't join Y Combinator because you hope to increase traffic to your site. Ours is RackForce. Isn't the internet a porn document network? Doesn't this require you to know which provider owns each number? We'd been considering going down that path, but couldn't find any decent way around it (and I don't consider asking customers which provider they're on decent.) Also, nobody has said diss in about a decade. Or in hacker terms, nobody has said diss since people wrote web apps in Perl. Lol. They might read every submission, but only a very tiny fraction of their deals come from that. Maybe one or two percent tops. No matter what they say, an introduction is the only real shot of success. That's not exactly true. They remain involved with you indefinitely. They have a vested interest in your success, it would be silly of them not to. Their strategy (lot of small investments) does take depend on economies of scale, so it's not as hands on as Sequoias, which depends a few big investments. They obviously won't spend as much time with you as a VC would because of that, but the time they do spend is proportionately more valuable. You give up a small % of the company, and it's a lot more than a presentation. There are also advice, contacts, and credibility. I think its more because old habits, like Silicon Valley's gentleman's club, die hard. There are tons of excellent hackers who couldn't get an introduction, including a large number of the Y C companies that went on to get VC funding. I know from a talk that one of the VCs at Sequoia gave that almost nobody gets funded by them without having been introduced. He said that they were meaning to pay more attention to stuff that comes in over the transom, but it sounded much like I do when I say that I want to work out more. Markus Frind is a moron who was in the right place at the right time. If you funded 1,000 of him, you'd lose on 999. As we say in poker, even the blind squirrel finds an acorn some times. Markus Frind is a prime example. What's your funding situation? Do you know anyone in an HR department at any decently sized company that might be willing to try it out and provide references to future potential clients? Flex, undoubtedly, for more involved stuff. randomest comment ever News Corp got Intermix for bargain basement prices due to some good old fashion shareholder swindling. News Corp probably had nothing to do with it, but it was inarguably an artificially low price. Though even had they paid what, at that time, would have been market rate, it still would have been an infinitely better deal. MSFT is letting their ego get the best of them here for sure. They'd be a horrible poker player, which I guess might be why Bill, while the richest man at the world, hung out at the $3/$6 tables. Yes, you can. We're still twiddling with the design, so any notes there would be appreciated. I'll send you an invite. Yes, we did. We're definitely incorporating a lot of what made online poker so successful. You can't hit cancel and close it? What browser/OS do you use? Wow, that's unusual. Going to have to check into that. Thanks. Yes. Otherwise it would fill up 4 days in advance and nobody would actually play. Oh, sorry. That button will have some much more exciting functionality in the near future, but we should fix that for now. Thanks, we will. You would be surprised how little sports you need to know to compete. Yeah, we are going to operate in 39. Yes, you can multi-table. Bots aren't really a worry in this, since you can already set a draft queue, and soon we'll have customizable rankings. We (and all other FS sites) basically have a bot built in for you. I'll definitely work on explaining it to people better. One of my cofounders is absolutely crushing at fantasy football and rarely ever watches a game. It's more than anything looking at statistics and learning how they apply. Flex is pretty awesome. We use it for the draft and lobby. The lobby we probably could get away with AJAX for in the future, but I'd dread using that for the draft. FSL doesn't do live drafts. They do some goofy version of salary cap pick'ems. No offense, but that is the worst idea I've ever seen in my entire life. Nobody in the whole world would ever want to use that. That's because people in The Valley have no concept of what the other 99.9% of the population wants. They see a novel concept where most Americans will get woken up once when they didn't want to and be nothing but annoyed. Also your video at http://www.jumpcut.com/view?id=5DA53674478211DCAE95000423CF3... should be the moment of zen on the daily show. I've been arguing for a very long time against people who think free is a possible business model for art forms. Voluntary payments/micropayments will never work. Yeah, I'm not buying it. There's no evidence pointing to that whatsoever, and it seems silly to assume that, by default, people will pay for something they didn't have to. That's not human nature. You'd have to assume the opposite until proven otherwise. People who aren't on vacation leave tips too. And because it's a finely ingrained custom. There's a real person in front of you who will not get paid if you don't tip them, and you see them and they see you. To most people, Britney Spears is not real. They don't know her, and don't care about her. They won't pay her a cent for her new album because they don't have to face her in person. I don't think so. Humans typically display that behavior in person, but not behind each other's backs. Humans aren't hard coded to actually be fair, they're only hard coded to give that appearance. Not high. Money has diminishing marginal utility. If your net worth is high, you get little extra benefit for doubling it. So I'd say $100k, just off the top of my head. Seems like risking 95 to win 100 is pretty good, not to mention it's trivial to get there. I'd need about two mil to retire comfortably I'd say. It's far easier to get to that from one million than it is to get to one million from $5,000. Hence I'd be seriously screwed, especially at that age, If I found myself with $950k and had to lose it all, whereas had I not made the bet, I'd probably be at most 5 years from retirement. Thanks. John is mad you stole his karma :) Those are specific to the email you invited, so they won't work. You'd have much better luck just emailing me and asking nicely. Right. Exactly I got married in the middle of YC. Went to YC, went home to get married, went back to Cambridge, went to honeymoon, back to Cambridge. It was pretty crazy. Financially it was fine, my wife has a good job. It's far better to have two people living off of one income than one person living off of zero. (I had my own anyway, but even if not, we could have swung it due to that.) As far as being productive goes, it depends on your relationship. One of my cofounders is pseudo-married and his girlfriend pushes him to work harder. Another has a recent girlfriend who absorbs far too much of his time and mental effort. Being married has no bearing on this, it's all in how you handle relationships. Also there's more to productivity than the quantity of working hours. Someone who makes you happy (which better be your spouse) increases your output when you do work. Yes and yes. It's a matter of trust. Each of these people has had thousands of red wines served to them, with none of them being an impostor white with food coloring. Therefore if a white is served to them in disguise, they simply assume it's a red, because why would anyone ever do that? Also, whites are typically served chilled, reds aren't. If someone gave me a warm white wine with red food coloring in it I might not care for it but I'd definitely be fooled. That doesn't mean there isn't a difference. A much better test would be to blindfold them and ask which are whites and which are red. I bet they'd do considerably better. It definitely is a bigger project than we realized going in. Well, the highest profit in the beverage industry has traditionally come from the low end. See the Gallos, or Anheuser Busch. That doesn't make the good beverages or the people who enjoy them pretentious. Saying something requires luck is not the same as saying it is hard. Few people seem to understand that. You should see what master sommeliers have to go through to earn that title. There are more people out there than you could imagine who can look at a glass of wine and tell you what varietal (or roughly what blend) it is, what vintage it is from, what location the grapes were grown in, rough ABV, etc. It's seriously mind boggling how good some of those guys are. It does require separation of code, but not twice as much debugging. Every bug does not have to be fixed twice. It's similar to MVC architecture in a way, with the flex client being the view. I'd be surprised if the bug fixing isn't actually easier due to the separation. Also, your goal in a startup is not to make it easy for you to code, but to make it easy for your users to play. (You only do the former where it assists with the latter.) Java does not accomplish that. People don't want to piss with JRE. It is a bloated nightmare that crashes people's systems, nags them about updates, slows down bootup, etc. Everyone has Flash. In fact, more people have flash than javascript (turned on) making it the most commonly accepted environment. It and AJAX are really the only acceptable choices for a live draft. Every one who doesn't already have the JRE installed, which is a lot of people. Why raise the barrier to entry? That battle has already been fought and won by another fantasy sports company. See CBC v. MLB. I agree re: skill in short format leagues. What it would come down to, should we ever end up in court (which we're taking great pains to avoid) is convincing a jury that we meet whatever test their state applies to a game to determine if it is a game of skill or not. We're staying away from states where that test is too stringent (i.e., many states ban games that involve any luck at all). In the ones in which we operate (39) the test is typically that luck is the predominant factor. We feel that given a large sample we can mathematically prove that a player can win over time regardless of luck. We're certainly seeing that so far. I recommend homeless shelters. They're surprisingly good hackers and are willing to work for very little equity. Can I get a greasemonkey script that removes all articles about Facebook from tech sites please? Is -8 a record? Bitch, I told you, I only beat you because I love you. Actually, less than I got from here (by far). But I got a hell of a lot of random contact emails from people wanting to sell me stuff, wanting a job, wanting to explore a partnership, and potentially even to invest. Very odd. But if presented a hammer and a screwdriver, you'll use a hammer as a hammer every time. So why give people a screwdriver? Looks like I have a new goal in life. -23, here I come. I agree. I'd be curious to see what you think of ours. That falls under the purview of traditional online sports betting which is illegal in every state but Nevada (where it is legal intrastate with tight regulations). Here's what's special about Disqus's business model/idea: 1. They have a grand long term plan (provide blog readers a centralized place to manage discussions on the web). They're sort of a social network in that way and their value will increase exponentially as their user base does. 2. They have an easy route to gaining the critical mass, by providing bloggers a simple plug-in that gives threaded, voteable comments, as well as some extra kick ass functionality. So they have a ton of initial value even with no user base. 3. They have a path to revenue. Large blogs would gladly pay for the service. And they could form their own ad network, as they know who reads what blogs (interests). There's also a lot of moving going on in the web publishing space. I feel like some of the competitors you've mentioned have parts of the puzzle but Disqus has the whole thing. Given all that, it's pretty easy to see why Y C would fund these guys. Well, I don't know anything about the size or statistics of your industry. I don't read comments, so I can't really buy anything. Your design is ok, but why not make it a little more comic-bookish? Maybe get a designer to give you something similar to the cover of Amory Wars you have at the top there. In retail your success is going to come down to things we YC denizens can't see from a glance. Prices, selection, service. That must not be a very common saying because Google didn't return anything for it but this. Who cares? I'll take the hot wife and the dumb baby. I put it in quotes when Googling. It's not quite a saying if it only exists broken up and in response to something else. I guess I hadn't thought of it that way. Yeah, it seems fragment caching is the way to go, though for live updates we're going to have to do something a little more elegant. Yes, and failing miserably. I guess there's a rift between people who have a sense of humor and those who don't. I need to find a way to get both to downmod me. It was kinda the obvious joke there. But funny. And true. I'm afraid hang gliding would clear out my brain a little too literally. Maybe it's just because I went through Y Combinator, but I've heard those all before. Yes! I'm one step closer to having my very own Christina Ricci. I'll tell you what I'd do, man, two chicks at the same time, man. Damn straight. I always wanted to do that, man. And I think if I had a million dollars I could hook that up, cause chicks dig a dude with money. All office space quoting aside, if my startup IPOs I'm buying a winery in Napa, preferably Stags Leap district, and a house in the hills of St. Helena with enough land to let my dogs run free and terrorize the neighbors. And I'll probably jump into the restaurant industry. Huh, neat. People will pay for convenience, but that isn't really micropayments. After reading I wouldn't quite call it plagiarism, but it definitely has a lot of the same ideas. Congrats fellas! What grad degree were you working on at the time Matt? I actually greatly prefer Outlook to gmail anyway, so I'm glad you chose that route. Wow I wish I could downvote this. I'd recommend talking to WSGR and other firms in SF/The Valley. They'll often work on deferred payment. I'm not sure if you can just walk in the door or if a bit of an intro is required for that (we obviously got the latter). It's nice to not have to budget for that in the early stages. I am not an admin, and even if I was I wouldn't bury it. It's not odious, I just think it's stupid. If so, this thread is the sex tape. I wonder at what point angels/vcs will get tired of this sort of thing. I feel like each step down the ladder from Y Combinator becomes exponentially less valuable. I've often wondered if investors realize that in Tech Stars they're essentially getting Y Combinator rejects. Not only that, but Y Combinator rejects who don't mind living in BFE. Now this group will get Tech Stars rejects. Doesn't seem like something I'd attend, were I an angel. Facebook has a large captive audience and an inherent viral spread mechanism to take advantage of that. Stupid apps that turn people into zombies get trillions of users and couldn't via email. Gift apps, super pokes, etc, can do the same. More impressive still are apps like Texas Hold'em, which is essentially a mediocre card room for play money. It would never get 10k users as a standalone, but has 300k on Facebook. Intellectually I'd be inclined to agree with you, but it seems most of the top apps either have little or no website to which they drive traffic. They generate revenue directly. The business model is simple and effective. Make people do stuff to get something virtual. Refer friends on a poker app, get 1,000 chips. Fill out a survey (which generates income) get 3,000. Sign up for a credit card, get 5,000. It's like those free ipod sites on steroids. Too hilarious. I've met a lot of the people involved in that. Can't wait to see if they show up in the movies. At least they wouldn't obstinately refuse to add in folders despite the fact that every user begs for them. Hookers and blow. And Aerons. Lots of Aerons. They're missing the biggest of all, which is gaming. Actually, I'm almost 100% sure you can after filing the report. I'm not sure you want to though. I def recommend using PGP full disk encryption for Windows if you have sensitive data on the laptop. You are exactly correct. Minus the iPod, their stores probably would have ended a miserable failure. With the iPod, and the resulting Apple hype, they've become one of the highest profit per sq ft stores ever invented. I'm really hoping our fantasy sports site will be popular in the Sombrero Galaxy. I can definitely see this. I like a lot of things about Vista. One of them is not the speed. I'm wondering if MS just decided to optimize the user experience aesthetically and let the hardware catch up on speed, figuring that in 4 years everyone will be running 16 cores and an SSD. Good password stealing sir. I had this and about 11 other things open in tabs, plus was AIMing and got confused. Good thing I use Roboform and have randomly generated passwords for each site. Hey PG, is there a change password function? Sorry, I don't even know what that means. There should be basic account maintenance functionality anyway though. Seems pretty damn brilliant to me. Gamblers LOVE Forex. I can't even count the number of excellent poker players I know who pissed it all away either there or day trading. I agree with your assertion that skill probably has little or no effect on that game in the short run (and hell, maybe not even in the long) but people tend to credit skill wherever they win and luck wherever they lose. Anything with sufficient volatility will satisfy people's desire for both. That said, I don't think they're in the same market we are, and I don't think they'll be too successful. Forex is far too esoteric for the common man, even with nice little animations of foot races, and probably too unpredictable for most of the rest. I don't know how many people read The Economist, but their target audience is some subset of that. Coming next, reddit for people who like to wear yellow hats. My favorite line, though it makes no sense in context, is: "Do you remember who released the first MP3 player in America? If you do, kudos, and you probably also know that they aren't around anymore." I had the Diamond Rio, which I think was technically the second, but was the first anyone had heard about. And to be honest, if it had the same amount of storage as an iPod it might still be preferable. That's an incredibly arrogant statement. I don't know if there's ever a time to ignore a large number of users when you're far from the leader in a field. Telling them "you can't have the feature you want, but trust us, this one is better anyway" is just plain foolishness. I personally love folders. Folders + searching is pretty much perfect. Google Reader has folders. They're wrong. I made ridiculous amounts of money from the long tail of the blogosphere. It's all about establishing credibility and then creative monetization. Became a popular poker blogger (which in that tiny niche means 1k-2k readers a day) and established two related startups to monetize it, using the credibility I'd earned. And the book did OK, but less overall than I make in a good month off of my two website. Oh damn, I'm going to miss it. Good thing I got bumped back a few weeks so I'll get a chance to watch another one first. I'm not really a fan of the genre, which I call "see how well you can maneuver some hard to control object", but it's very well done. I do like the casual flash gaming market a lot though. That was incredibly dumb. How would eBay be rewarding investors by ditching a lucrative, growing segment of its business? The synergy between the two is incredible (as is the lack of synergy between eBay and Skype) so as a shareholder, that would be the last thing I'd want. Also Amazon's business must be pretty defensible, because competitors like buy.com and overstock seem to be getting nowhere. Reputation is worth a lot for an online retailer. Yes. Yes. I love you. Yes. This is actually a large part of the tech talk I plan on giving on justin.tv. It's a symptom of a much bigger problem in the valley. This post should have been titled "click some color boxes and then watching a loading graphic spin forever". That's pretty sweet. They've always released much of the best classical recording available. I'd probably buy a lot of this if not for Rhapsody type services. Their selection is truly massive it seems. A search for Mahler alone turned up 72 products. Hell, Mahler conducted by Bernstein turns up 21. Only DG could do that. Classical is probably the only form of music where one label could have their own site and still have awesome selection. The site design is pretty good. I mean, it's not great, and nothing a Y C group would build, but if you told me that a major record label created a site for classical music only, I'd expect worse. It seems that, if anything, he's attacking the ivory tower mentality that a lot of geeks have. He's looking at the whole software picture, rather than just the utilitarian aspect. Poker blogs are a tiny niche in the overall blogosphere. Poker itself may not be one, but blogs about it (where a very highly trafficked one might get 1.5k uniques a day) definitely reside in the long tail. Online you could turn a $2k bankroll into six figures in a year, and it's actually fairly easy. I'm a huge fan of Michael Mina for seafood, though it's rather spendy. It's definitely one of the finest seafood restaurants you'll ever visit. You are very incorrect. Here's where you're wrong: 1. Phil Laak is not one of the best poker players. Not even top 100. The fact that you think he is shows how little you know about poker. Also, I don't even know who Ali Esmali is. 2. The game (which I think was No Limit Hold'em) played was the simplest form of poker for a machine. Even if one became better at this than humans (which probably is possible in the not too distant future) it will be far from beating a 2-7 Triple Draw player. 3. Figuring out odds is trivial, but virtually useless. Figuring out odds as well as a human, who has the ability to put his opponent on a range of holdings, is not. 4. No poker bot ever made could come anywhere close to me in an 8 man, limit hold'em match, and there are far better players than me. 5. I don't know if chess has had more man hours dedicated to it. It probably has. But Polaris has been worked on for 26 years. That's certainly not insignificant. Phil Laak has probably been playing for 10 or so. 6. I'm a mediocre programmer at best but could easily write a chess program that, with infinite processing power, would be perfect. (I'm not sure if it would be unbeatable, as it is possible that with perfect play one side will always win.) I could not do that with poker. 7. Chess may be harder to learn for a human (though even there I'm not sure) but that doesn't mean it is also harder for a machine. Calculating the 18th power of 2 is harder for a human than picking out an apple from a group of pictures. Not the same for my PC. What sort? True. It's pretty easy really, and nothing secret. Read good books. Practice. Discuss with friends. Start off low, build your way up using proper bankroll management (which is found in said books). >The poker bots out there mostly suck because they don't need to be great to win lots of money from the weak players. That's dumb. They'd win 5x the money if they were great. >You'll be seeing this quote again:) I meant made yet, maybe I should have specified. I've no doubt that computers will one day overtake humans. It just is nowhere near having happened yet. That is a novel way to attempt to do so (though I still think is far from absolutely successful). Most previous attempts dealt only with sample size. Reading people is what poker is all about, but tells (mannerisms) are overly emphasized to a large degree in the media. They really aren't much a of a factor once you move beyond total amateurs, though at the same time, a relatively large % of the players you run into at the WSOP main event are playing their first live tournament anymore. Really, though, it's more about observing how your opponent plays (both long term and short) and putting him on a range of holdings. Little to none, though I'll cover that in a later part. They don't brute force only because processor power isn't sufficient to do so. Eventually they will cease to prune and will be unbeatable. I'd never say chess is trivial, it's just far less complex than poker. Also, interestingly enough, since poker is all about optimization, it would still be hard to play perfectly even if you had perfect knowledge of the state. Even sometimes knowing what someone had, it's hard to decide the perfect play. He he. Some time I'll tell you the story of why I would be a millionaire many times over by now if Neteller had not stopped accepting Americans. And why, after they did, I ended up driving home from Canada through a blizzard. And why I own a whole bunch of cheap Dell PCs and registered copies of VMWare. You can see my list of recommended books on my blog. They really are the books I endorse. More satanic trickery! Again the devil fools the nonbelievers. In all seriousness though, more posts like this please. There should be hacker news for non-computer science nerds like me. I have a Lenovo X60 and love it. As far as hardware is concerned, it's the Lexus of laptops. The attention to detail is impressive, and the build quality unparalleled. It's light as a feather, even with the extended battery (which is a necessity) and has enough juice to last me the entire San Francisco to Cleveland flight (~5 hrs). The keyboard is pretty awesome for a laptop too, though my one gripe is that they put the Fn key bottom left and pushed CTRL to the right. That's more annoying than you may think. If you need a bit bigger screen, the T series is still fairly lightweight, and is pretty comparable. I used to travel a lot though, so the extra 1.5 lbs of weight made a big difference. Say what you want about OSX vs. Windows and I probably wouldn't argue, but Mac hardware has always been overpriced and underwhelming. If you're slapping on Linux you'd be nuts to go with a Macbook. Wish I knew enough about China to know how accurate that is. 2. Heads up no limit, yes. A player who simply pushed all-in every hand would only lose something like 45% against another player using optimal strategy, and would actually be a long term winner against more players than you'd think. I could write that bot. 3. They may, but they do a very poor job of it. 6. A computer can easily tie at roshambo, and the roshambot beats most humans in the long run. And poker is much different and far more complex than blackjack. The two arent comparable at all. 7. Irrelevant. I never contended that a bot couldn't win a tournament. They probably have. That's not really a good measure of ability. I'm pretty sure it's much harder when heads up. 1. I disagree, as do the few people I've met who work on it. 2. The dedication required is, in large part, due to the number of people who study the game, social attitudes towards it, and the wealth of information available. It has nothing whatsoever to do with complexity. Poker is far more competitive than chess. Show me a chess game that runs every night with buy-ins in the hundreds of thousands. I don't think he understands the extent of the availability problem. We wanted to avoid the Web 2.0-ish name, since our audience is a little more pedestrian, and ended up having to write a script to combine keywords and check for availability. And there were certain keywords for which there was just no good option left. For instance, sports. Our keyword list returned thousands of total availables, only two of which contained the word sports. One of which was sportshit.com. That's fine if your audience is a village in Africa. If you're targeting English speakers, it's essentially nonsense. Did you write this yourself? Tafiti is gibberish too. Any word I haven't heard and can't squarely place the language of is gibberish to me. And given that like 8 people who own a computer have ever even heard of Kiswahili, Kijiji is gibberish. This is symptomatic of the pervasive ivory tower mentality. Good UI design is about being intuitive for your users. If almost all of your users use the back button as an undo, then make the back button function as an undo, and make it do that well. This is the same Gmail, "we'll force people to use tags even though they want folders because we think tags are better" mentality that makes non-hackers scratch their heads in wonder. I know we're pretty excited. Performance is going to be a major issue for us once we get into providing live stats for people. We'll see how this helps. Or whorepresents.com. I don't know, but I guarantee Ohio State makes hundreds of millions and pays Jim Tressel one or two. The article left out an interesting factoid, which is that many of them are the highest paid state employees in their state. That's absurd. I'd be willing to wager big school football makes orders of magnitude more than minor league baseball, hence the coaches do as well. My bet is on alcoholic. That doesn't make any sense at all. College football programs rake in huge money, and therefore the people responsible for their success do too, whereas minor league baseball teams do not, and therefore their coaches don't. That would certainly seem to justify coach salaries. Very interesting. I'm more of a tea drinker, and highly recommend Adagio.com for that. I already said this below, but check out Adagio.com if you haven't already. They have a plastic tea brewing device somewhat similar to a french press but easier to clean. Can't really blame him, the article's headline is incredibly deceiving. There's a huge difference between finding signs of life and signs of a place where life could sprout. That's a pretty huge blemish on Telegraph's credibility. Unless maybe your startup is called stufftodowhentheeconomyisnotinarecession.com. I think this is a problem they are working on and will solve in time. And it's one I'm willing to put up with since in return I get kick-ass threaded comments that I can read and reply to via email. I'm about 1/4 of the way into his autobiography right now and it's excellent. Chris is a good guy. I imagine that must be a little scary, leaving a high paying job to go it alone, but I am sure he will do well. Yes. To switch off, I like to watch nature shows on Discovery HD (though they're sadly getting harder to find as Watch These Rednecks Build A [insert vehicle here] Shows are taking over). Or just stare at a candle and meditate. Working out is a great help too. Money is all relative. Quitting an awesome job is scary no matter what you have in the bank, since life is about more than income. The article seems to be a retread of the same thing that's been printed every day for 20 years. "New processors are going to make all these new things possible." And yet there's still no computer holding a reasonably intelligent conversation with you if you call Dell customer support. Actually, there isn't even a human doing that. The Vista DRM complaints are ridiculous. For one, it's ironic that everyone I know who bitches about it owns an iPod, which is basically the reason we're in this DRM quagmire to begin with. Nobody ever complains about Apple's DRM policies, and if anyone, they're the ones who should be telling the studios "we won't sell your products until you ditch DRM". They have game-changing power there, MS does not, as they're still an also-ran in the media sales industry. For another, I've never had a problem with any DRM on Vista because I just don't have DRM'ed files, and like 99.9% of America, don't have an HD-DVD or Bluray drive. It's certainly not box-breaking by any sane definition. And lastly, but most importantly, Microsoft (and any other consumer OS maker) has no choice. See http://arstechnica.com/articles/paedia/hardware/hdcp-vista.a... for details. We may all hate DRM, but it isn't Microsoft who is at fault. Not that any of that is at all relevant to the NYT article. My favorite part of the story: "Pikluk's thousand or so beta-testers have given enthusiastic feedback, the company says." There's a pretty big difference between good and enthusiastic. "Your site is the worst thing I've ever seen and I hope you die in a fire" is technically enthusiastic feedback. Do you have enough traffic that scaling is really a concern? It's typically putting the cart in front of the horse to worry about that too soon. You'd be much better off trying to improve the site and get out the name otherwise. Ah. It's definitely an interesting problem. Hopefully you'll get a chance to test anything you come up with. PHP is probably a pretty good place to start. I built myself a couple web apps with it years back, having never coded anything previously that wasn't on a TI-82. It's a good introductory language to web programming. I'm now spending my time on RoR, and I don't think it's a very good language for starters. It's just too much to learn at once. That's also the price of orange juice at Whole Foods. I'm not convinced Digg has experienced any sort of downfall yet. PG handles it well at least. I've met a lot of people who don't. Interestingly enough, I played in the World Series of Roshambo a couple years back. In the second round I put what Gavin Smith calls the worst beat in the history of the sport on him. It was best of seven, and he got me down 3-0. On the fourth throw I balked, which is a permissible stall tactic. After that I had a feeling he was going rock, so I threw paper. The same happened for the next three throws and I moved on to the next round. I've been told by a few people that if you look very closely, you can see me throwing paper on the ESPN coverage. I guess I should mention that there may be something to the argument that you'll probably want to end up with RoR or Python/Django at some point, so maybe you should start there. But at the same time, if you're not familiar with OOP or MVC, or even basic DB programming, it might just be overload. Think Flock already converted me. Wow, that is exactly how it works with VCs. This guy nailed it. You just go in, mention the fact that you're building a Facebook App (showing investors that you're far ahead of the curve, because not many people are doing that yet) and then namedrop Google. Voila, check for $30 million. If you mention the iPhone you also get to skip the due diligence. I'm not sure whether I should be inspired by this or want to stab myself in the eye, but just in case I think I'm going to go eBay up a rusty fork. They sure seem to be floundering in the good will department these days. I think driverless cars need to be supported and mandated by government. It's far easier and safer to make cars that drive themselves when the roads are designed for that purpose and all other cars as well. Making a car that can drive on our current roads and dodge blind old ladies is a far harder problem. You don't need any. Just email your business plan into Sequoia. $8 Traffic does keep me homebound here quite often. I'd probably leave my house at least twice as much in any other suburban area. I guess that's good when you're working on a startup though. That or people on unicycles are stupid. Awesome. Oddly enough I heard Howard Stern say the exact same thing years ago. That's odd for two reasons. 1) he's a moron (blind squirrel/acorn theory I guess) and 2) I've only listened to him maybe three times ever. I'm normally not one for spell checking other people, but I'm upvoting this. Yes, it wasn't just a joke. I actually fear a man on a unicycle stealing my wife. Interesting. I would have paid the guy the $250, then gone after him in any way possible once my domain was back. I would imagine that would also make it easier to find out who he was. I'm all about doing whatever I'd have to do to get that guy behind bars, but screwing yourself out of a potentially large sum over the general principle of not giving money to criminals seems kinda silly. Buy the domain back, rake in the profit you make from it, and use that to fight the douche. Ha. Brilliant, though I'd guess any decent escrow service has some plan for this contingency. I thought web 2.0 already died. Or was that Facebook? I can't ever keep them straight. Here's the article with no paywall: http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/chi-brain_dop... So if you know "everyone" will not stop enabling, and you know most people won't, should you do so, even at great cost to yourself? I think for most people, someone else having their social networking passwords would be mere annoyance, so if any product were at all compelling, they'd have no trouble giving them up. I know that's the case for me. It wouldn't be anywhere close to them getting my email or online banking passwords. The worst they could do is leave obscene comments on my friends' walls. That said, this product doesn't seem very useful, and I wouldn't expect it to catch on. Ha, I'd heard of just about everyone at the top of the Quantcast list, which, btw, is highly suspect. I clicked on four sites I hadn't heard of, and two of them were porn. You don't pay to be featured in TechCrunch. This quote "One needs about a doubling of linear resolution or film size to make an obvious improvement. This is the same as a quadrupling of megapixels." is not only subjective, it's flat out wrong. Theres a remarkable difference between a DVD (480p) and HD at 720p, and that's only a 50% increase in linear resolution in one direction (and only something like 15% in the other). Strange I'm getting it for free. I found it on Paul Phillips journal a couple days before it was posted here. Aydin definitely loves YCombinator, as does Sacca. He's neglecting the fact that it's irrelevant, as DVD sales matter more nowadays. Most amazing thing I've seen today. Terrible interface, terrible AI. That's really the only sensible policy on their part. Far too many sites/investors are leaving tons of money on the table due to their moral qualms. I'm pretty speechless about that list, especially the fact that most of the things on it are just as true for XP. I like Vista more than most, but I'd hardly consider it breathtaking. It is surprisingly hard to get a properly brewed cup of tea in this country. This place http://www.teavana.com/ is about the only I've found. I'm skeptical about their chance of success though, even though I like them. Coffee drinkers/baristas have little sympathy or understanding for tea fans. Come on in and drink the Goya. You're welcome. asjh123832wld I mostly use adagio, but will check those out. You guys rock. How did the holidays treat you? I've made a small fortune monetizing my poker blog by creating poker-related services and leveraging the trust built with my audience. I still collect significant revenues from this with no ongoing effort beyond answering emails. In fact, though my traffic was never above 30k uniques a month, I made more profit than many blogs that have uniques in the low millions, though it was also more work than simply slapping on ads. Even off of ad revenue I was making low 4 figures monthly just by selling them directly. At least in the poker niche, when your blog gets big enough advertisers seek you out. I don't have enough experience in other niches to know if the same is true. I'm pretty sure almost any niche has some sort of profitable business waiting to be monetized by a blogger with a decently sized, trusting audience. Might I suggest Google for finding out? I think, given the similarity in wall decor, that Augustus may also have owned my house in Ohio at some point. I hope archaeologists aren't upset at the changes I've made. I'm pretty sure the recording industry's future revenue model is not Guitar Hero. I like how you styled it as advice for Y C founders, even though it's applicable to all startups, hoping that our competitors will therefore ignore and/or do the opposite. Brilliant maneuver sir. Remember if you're not a Y C founder, be sure to spend all of your time working on patents. "It seems to be one of those great ideas that sounds good but never catches on - a lot like BlueTooth." wtf? I think it's safe to say Bluetooth caught on. We are the Rackforce one, and like them a lot. I'd like to hear if Verizon or other carriers regret their inability to get the iPhone. It's still only the 4th best selling phone in the U.S., and seems to be fairing even worse in the rest of the world. The only thing game changing about it so far has been the hype. Me too. I thought I was insane for doing that. Glad to hear at least someone else is. I went to a party once where all the chicks thought they were poems. The place reeked of patchouli. Idk, I post something smartass and end up at -8 generally. Maybe it's just me. It's not unimpressive that it jumped to #4, but it's certainly not a sea change either. Not enough that I, were I a carrier, would be jumping through hoops to get it. The deal Apple made with Cingular seems to be far too advantageous for Apple. Maybe. I'm unconvinced they can do so well while tethered to one carrier. The number one selling phone (RAZR V3) has sold over 50 million units. AT&T has 63 million total subscribers. Why would anyone want the top bar to not be orange? Bravo, sirs. Bravo. Not that it's really an option, but after reading various profiles of Elon Musk, I'd be really hesitant to take funding from him. This seems like it's pretty much his M.O. "Recall learning to drive a car, when you actually did have to think through what you were doing: "Depress clutch... OK, bring up slowly while releasing handbrake and depressing gas pedal slightly... look in mirror..." What is a clutch? So I've looked at heroku a bit, and I have to say it's pretty promising. I assume eventually they'll allow you to run your own domains off of it, maybe offer you email, etc. I actually somehow didn't meet the guys at the first Y C dinner, but I think they're going to make a lot of money. The problem is that it's only one company. Though I'm sure they'll have clones if/when they are successful, the barrier to entry there is a lot higher than simply supporting a language like PHP on a shared hosting system. (I suppose I'm only guessing here, as I've no experience with either building a Heroku like site or operating a shared hosting one, but the sheer numbers certainly imply that.) So there are always going to be 100x more hosting options for a newbie PHP developer, even if the Heroku model catches on. I chose PHP because I found scores of web hosts for it, and I knew that if I ever wanted to switch, I had options. Also, I think brand new programmers (think high school kids) get in largely by Googling for web hosts, signing up an account, then coding in whatever is available. If 95% of the web hosts they look at are touting PHP, that's going to play a large factor in their choice. Not to mention that Facebook, Yahoo, etc. are in PHP, as you can easily see by looking at a URL, and that no really large sites are in Rails, and even if they were you wouldn't know it at a glance. thefunded.com is sort of that. 2. is of course as well. Rails stands to benefit from having hundreds of shared hosting services promoting their product. The original post wasn't "Rails should support Dreamhost" it was "Rails should support shared hosting." That is most definitely the case now. The supply is greatly outstripped by the demand. Remind me not to invite that dude to my party. One math trick and all of the women are out the door. I don't think anyone is expecting miracles, or for DHH to make it his personal goal to adapt Rails for the shared hosting environment. The original blog was simply pointing out that if Rails wants to see the kind of widespread adoption PHP has, that's what the community is going to have to do. It's correct. People keep misinterpreting or misunderstanding the argument. Lightning would be the best. Those guys are morons. They evolved a robot, but not one that cleans or cooks for you. Just one that goes around eating stuff. Basically, they created my wife. (She's going to do whatever the real life equivalent of down-modding me is if she ever sees that.) What next? Are they going to ban guys who take steroids from playing in the MLB? Apple TV has to be using some serious compression to be able to serve you a 720p movie fast enough that you can watch it as it does. You're still getting an inferior experience to the guy with Blu-Ray, especially if he has a 1080p capable set. That said, highly compressed 720p is still going to be an upgrade to a lot of people over a standard DVD. Perhaps only obsessives like me will care. Facebook also has a much better revenue model than providing support for open source software. It still has to be highly compressed. An uncompressed HD movie is something like 25 gb. I don't have or want iTunes so I can't verify it, but I'd be surprised if the files they send are more than 1/10th of that. Maybe someone else should chime in about this being NSFW. I don't think the point was made. For the most part, one doesn't. Well, h.264 is a fine codec, but just like aac, it offers a range of quality, and better quality means bigger files. I haven't played around with it to see how it handles motion, but I know with DivX/WMV that's always been a big problem. I can't imagine watching an action movie in compressed 720p is going to be anywhere near as good as uncompressed 1080p, but then I also can't imagine most people will know or care about the difference. Couldn't offending sites simply use ssl? I don't think PG will let the signal to noise ratio get low. It's not that hard to keep it on the good side if you're not concerned with growing the largest possible audience. I'm pretty sure PG runs this site because he likes it, not because he hopes to make the next Digg, so I'd expect that if the noise grew he'd work on keeping it down, even if that meant keeping the audience small. That's just my impression. What say you PG? Also, NaNoWriMo is helpful. Yeah, go play poker online, then run the names of your 9 opponents through urban dictionary. Odds are 2 will be worse. I just hope the same thing goes for fantasy sports. Well, I write rather than program (well, technically I do both, but I suck pretty badly at the latter) but I like Mahler, especially as conducted by Bernstein. Rhapsody has a phenomenal classical selection. Huh? First you said that uncompressed movies take up about 25gb for 2 hours. Blu-ray movies are generally around 25gb, which leaves the second layer free for extras or whatever. Then you said that "blue-ray is not uncompressed video (thus, 25GB holds a 2 hour compressed movie)" By your own math they would only take up 12.5ish gb if compressed. I actually am curious what digital cable uses. It's definitely 720p in my area, and probably compressed, but not highly. "And I also noted that some of the best web companies of our time; Google, YouTube, Skype, and Facebook all launched without a business model and too their sweet time getting to one." Wait, aren't 3 of those still unprofitable, with no sign of change? I mean, technically they have business models, but Twitter can just sell ads and then they'll have as good a one as any but Google on that list. What strikes me is the number of people who predicted this whole mess in the first place. Even during the bubble, there were people describing, almost to the minute, exactly what would happen. The market always has its share of chicken littles, but the detail with which some people predicted the crash makes me think they're a little more than that. Rationally, it seems like it will scare institutional investors out of the market and into PE and VC funds, so it might be a better time than ever to run a startup. Lol. I had only a 700 credit rating at the time, had been self-employed for over 3 years, and was approved for a no-doc loan on a $300k condo with only 10% down. I actually could have afforded it, but there was no way for them to know that and no reason to assume it either. That's when I realized something was wrong. Well, you can scrape by on a lot less than the income required to pay that mortgage when you live in Ohio. And with no documentation and a less than stellar credit rating, plus little down, they were nuts to grant it to me. Luckily for me I didn't purchase the condo, as the housing market there took a nosedive, and I'd currently be unable to sell for less than I'd owe the bank. I'm curious what PG thinks. This seems like a bad idea for Slide to me, as they've now limited themselves to an IPO, or an acquisition by a massive corporation. True enough. I'm all for swinging for the fences I guess, but it's good to keep options open where possible. CentOS 5. As long as they eventually offer the battery for separate purchase, or at least affordable, quick and easy replacements at your local genius bar, they'll have solved one of the major gripes with the Air. Damn. If that's not an exaggeration, you have something wrong. I have 2gb of RAM (Home premium, Lenovo X60) and both operations take something like 30 seconds. I haven't clocked it, but it's nowhere near 9 minutes. Don't. Say something like "I want to keep x% of the company". Thus if you end up getting more funding than you initially expected (happens often) you'll essentially get a higher val. I'd also shoot for more than a year's expenses. I've found investors like to hear you're aiming for 18-24 months. Consider that you have to essentially start seeking funding 6 months before running dry. If you aim for 1 year's expenses you work 6 months, then start on fundraising. Raise 18 months' expenses and you work for 12 before fundraising again, so you get double the progress for only 50% more money. And if you can raise $100k, you can almost certainly raise 150. Yeah, if you read all the sites about raising money, you'll see that pop up in a few spots. Y C can command lower valuations (though I don't think they really take advantage of it) than most other investors due to their incredible value add, which may actually be the highest in the industry. There are probably zero investors who are going to put as little as $100k into a company that come anywhere close. So out of the gate I'd require a higher valuation from other investors. I'm always shocked when something non-retarded is written on valleywag. No investor ever asks you "how soon and for how much can you sell the company." Ever. And if they do, go elsewhere. It's kinda odd how blatantly he contradicts himself there. He seems to think Oracle wants to buy/kill mysql, and at the same time mentions that because it's open source, it can just be forked at any moment. Meaning that Oracle couldn't possibly kill it, they could, at best, force it to change names. If mysql were Nike, it would be worth it for a competitor to pay a billion to force a name change. But anyone who even knows what mysql is would know instantly what happened. Have you tried reinstalling windows? That will never happen. Read any book on evolutionary psychology to find out why. Ha, he should have mentioned that most publishing contracts allow you to hire outside auditors to track how many copies were sold and for how much. I'm actually considering doing that for mine. A few for-pay sites are in the top 100 overall by traffic, so it would seem they must. Does this guy have any credibility? He sure doesn't speak as if his rant is mere conjecture, yet doesn't have any supporting data or even anecdotes. As far as I can tell from the about page, he's a guy with a flaming turd of a startup telling other people how to be successful. This article seems to be mainly about how to not succeed. Global warming my ass. Ha, sorry to hear about the bad exit. And if we qualify the revenue with some dollar figure then I'll even agree to the yahoo thing. I was obviously joking about Boulder being behind Sheboygan, but it's so distantly behind SV that it's essentially worthless. Also, that 80% stat means nothing. Who funded them, for how much, with what terms. Getting some funding is trivial, getting good funding is not. In a nutshell, don't. It can work. But it's way less likely. You and I know different upper middle class people. If you walk into a Walmart, that definitely is not the apparent demographic. The middle class and up seems to prefer Target. Yes it is. Drive by any trailer park, each one of them has a DirecTV dish on top. This is the good old U.S.A., where not having money doesn't equal not spending money. And entertainment expenses are second only to food. Did Tim O'Reilly also have a full time job? And even if so, does one data point show anything? I've nothing against startup + family. It's startup + full time job that I think is a bad idea, and adding a family makes it worse. APPL has been due for a correction for a long time. Their main product achieved market saturation while their P/E ratio continued to soar. Too bad I didn't have the cojones (or the faith in investor intelligence) to short it. Maybe. I'm not really sure about that one. That was my thought. I thought that too re: laptops until I bought an Apple. The major downside of owning one is the price, and that's the worst downside you can have. There is also the support (I'm sure I'll blog about our company's experiences with that eventually) and the fact that virtualization is expensive (requires windows + parallels) and still imperfect. iPhone isn't saturated, but I'm still bearish on that. And extremely on the TV. Cable VOD has a box in everyone's home already. Their P/E ratio, after the drop, is near 30. You have to grow far above industry rates to justify that. The drop may be caused partially by irrational behavior, but in poker we say that even the blind squirrel finds an acorn eventually. In this case, irrational behavior partially corrected opposing irrational behavior. Your list is in terms of overall expense, but people will splurge more on entertainment than the rest. There are plenty of poor people with 42" LCD TVs. I love what happens when anyone presents any sort of anti-Apple sentiment mentality here. The herd stampedes. I agree with you entirely. a is a small factor, b is a huge one, and c (image) is another. Many people don't want to be seen in a WalMart. It's silly, I admit, but it's most definitely true, and the way Target has taken advantage of those is perhaps the greatest untold story in the history of capitalism. I tend to think in terms of EV. Your hours would probably be better spent working at Wal-Mart. And there are much better ways to attack the problem, such as saving enough to not have to work, then starting up. Nothing worse than people who drive for a few feets. If you're looking in the Valley, you're going to have to go to Palo Alto or Mountain View by Castro Street, where there are some nice apartments http://www.prometheusreg.com/residential/ppl/pplDesc.html though I can't remember what the rent was. I want to say it was $2kish for a 2br, but it's been a while so I could be wrong. Walnut Creek is nice (was just looking at houses there this past weekend) but very suburban. Though I disagree with what you say, I'll defend to the death your right to preface it with "blogga PLEASE". I wish I were smart enough to understand that. Hence the initial irrational exuberance. Yep. They can't for housing and transportation, and food is paid for by uncle sam. But televisions are all Visa. That is some brilliant marketing by Facebook right there. Really? Tough crowd. In what universe has Rails eclipsed PHP? It sure isn't this one. I hope the salary is high, because that's still the worst startup idea I've ever seen. You should hire an idea designer. His target audience for this one seems to be people who meet the following criteria: 1.) Don't have a cell phone 2.) Sleep with a computer on in their room 3.) Want to let others wake them up, but not enough to just sleep near their phone. That logic is bad because Jobs and Dell were sorta competitors. This guy has well-meaning noncompetitors telling him to switch directions, which is a much different thing. Love your domain name. To make the world a more fun place, and hopefully make a boatload in the process. Wal-Mart's normal employees do inventory once or twice a year. They aren't paid anything extra, and most probably make half of that. They do often hire outside consultants to help, and I've no idea what those guys get paid. Cool man, I like it. That's an area where Google searches fail consumers. I wouldn't want to join any social network that would have me as a member. You guys have a bright future. Congrats on having a solid business model right off the bat. I'm rather confused as to the code of ethics here. My hack was by no means fraud, I simply took advantage of a stupid system. I didn't cheat or steal, or even violate the site's Terms of Service (which said you couldn't use automated scripts to manipulate their GUI but nothing about the website). I did not break any law in any country, or even violate a site rule. It's preposterous to call it unethical. I simply took advantage of a flawed system. As near as I can tell here, a hack is ethical unless it makes money. It's the tortured artist ethic perhaps. I don't think either me or the casino were unethical. It's sort of the gambler ethic, which I guess may not be obvious to the general public. You're supposed to do anything and everything you can, within the rules, to gain an edge. Casinos do it to the players, players to casinos, players to players, etc. Anything not against the rules is considered ethical, and anyone who doesn't use every legal tool at his disposal is a sucker. It's pure survival of the fittest. Amarillo Slim was a great one too, before he got all child-molesty. I didn't really understand the article because I read it while doing 8 other things, but I agree. Grats fellas. When/where's the party? I feel like number 2 there is far and away the biggest. It's best to listen to what people say they want, then ask why over and over. You'll notice that as you dig through levels of answers to that question, that very different requests come down to the same basic unmet needs. Then you engineer a solution to that. Those scripts do exist and can easily be found on the web. You simply input your URL, and they tell you stuff. Which poker site? Cute, bizarre, clever. Good. I've never even heard of that one. Very odd. Did they have a lot of action? It works even there. Entertainment is as much science as any other business. Even the most popular songs around are more or less scientifically crafted. I should say many of. Rock and maybe country are pretty much the only organic forms of music you'll find on FM radio these days. "Bill Gates earned over $3000 per minute [$50/second] since Microsoft was created. Spending 5 seconds to pick $100 off the floor is literally not a good use of his time." How does it take 5 seconds to pick a bill up off the floor? Also, most of his money was made via stock appreciation, so it's not as if he stops earning when he bends over to pick up a benjy. "Eccles figures most people who like to bet on events are more interested in the bragging rights of being right than in actually winning money." Eccles must not know any gamblers. Without money there are no bragging rights. You can bet on the news for actual money on Intrade, which already has trouble resolving some wagers properly. Getting linked to from those sites helps more than you think. For one, it's exposure to a million plus people. True, most of them never click through, and most of the ones who do never stick, but if you even get 50 customers out of it that's pretty sweet given that it takes zero time on your part. I wouldn't recommend putting a lot of effort into getting Crunched or Dugg, but it's certainly a good thing when it happens. You'd also be amazed how many people contact you after a TechCrunch. Dell salesmen, other people in your niche, and all sorts of assorted nutjobs wanting to partner with you or sell you something you don't need. I don't know of anyone who got anything useful that way, but I'm sure it's happened. I'm told there was a day when being featured there meant something, and instead of crazies contacting you it was investors, but those are long gone. Still, it's certainly not bad. I highly recommend starting with Theory of Poker by David Sklansky for basic prob/stats knowledge. It makes a good primer since it's all real-world applications and I know of multiple universities and corporations that use it as such. He also appears to have made advances in birdfeeder technology. http://www.google.com/patents?id=Sl0gAAAAEBAJ&dq=%22paul... He is thinking of more than just money, and in his argument, that's exactly why Yahoo should sell. Then they could focus on building great products rather than bending to the will of Wall Street. Because MS is one of the few companies willing to ignore Wall Street to work on long term viability. Did you guys even read the article, or is this just knee-jerk anti-Microsoft sentiment. I feel bad for Yahoo's shareholders. They're certainly not agile, nor are they perfect. No question about that. But they do have a long history of ignoring Wall Street while working on building long term profitability. The Xbox360 and the Zune are good recent examples. Though the Zune has yet to materialize as a major profit source, and honestly may never, they're definitely going against the wishes of investors to try to become more of a player in the consumer space. My personal feelings aside as to whether or not MS/Yahoo is a good idea, Cuban is right in that it will allow Yahoo to focus on the long term in a way that remaining independent (if that's even an option, which it probably isn't) will not. My favorite quote: "The next stop along this path of disappointment is battery life." I'm guessing those would be battery life and a spindle. Congrats Nick. Glad to see it. I'm getting 3.5ish now on my Lenovo with a battery that's nearly two years old and it's pretty delightful on my frequent 5 hour flights. The easier way is to check the CSS file. Interestingly, no matter how many times these people turn out to be crackpots, the next one gets even more media coverage. It must be because the significance of a perpetual motion machine (unlimited free clean energy) brings out wishful thinking in everyone it touches. That or our nation's physics education is not so hot. They've done a terrible job this year, having been almost as far off as the polls. If there's one thing I know about gamblers, it's that their willingness to bet money on something generally has no correlation whatsoever to their knowledge about it. Their ability to continue betting over their lifetime certainly does, which of course means that any prediction market that doesn't run on real dollars is essentially useless. But that doesn't mean the for money ones are useful. This particular one is not. The infrequent nature of bets of this type, plus the small number of people able to get money onto sites like that in any reasonable timeframe keep it (at least where politics is concerned) from becoming anywhere near efficient. It's simply too small for much in the way of smart money to even bother with, so what you see is mostly just the result of sports bettors who watched an hour of CNN yesterday and have nothing else interesting to wager on. I wouldn't be surprised if they were extremely accurate for European sports, but for American politics they've been way off recently. The good news is, they're very easy to exploit in any close election year. Perhaps I'll blog about how after I do it in November. My trading in November (assuming a close race) is more predicated on knowledge of what happens to those betting markets throughout the day of the election than any political knowledge. As you pointed out though, I can't make retirement money on that small of volume. I might be able to make vacation money though. Also I should check to see if there's a difference in odds between betfair and intrade. Might be able to run some sort of cross-site arbitrage if possible. Quite a list there. Ha, you'd lose more time coordinating that than you'd gain. People are really dumb. If I were him, I would have been hoping they'd accept the first offer. There's a pretty good chance now that MS isn't going to go any higher (especially given what's happened to their stock since the bid became public news) and his shares are going to spiral into the abyss. Mostly out of unthinking reflex and herd mentality. Startups are secretive because past startups were secretive. There certainly are benefits to it in some cases, but in most it's probably best to just open your doors ASAP. His logic is that because your college isn't the best for you at each individual class, it isn't the best for you overall. That's stupid. One must be. If there are 2,000 colleges and you chose one at random, you'd have a 1/2,000 chance of having chosen the best. Not (1/1000)^35 or whatever that moron came up with. Not to mention it's most likely that the top x are all so close to the best for an individual, if such a thing could truly be quantified, that the difference between them is negligible. Let's say that the top 5% are that way, you now have a 5% chance, given random selection. Add in the fact that people don't attend random colleges, and there's a pretty non-zero chance that you're attending the college you should. Most people probably fail, but even then not be enough that it would have been worth the massive effort required. I'm guessing from his abominable logic that this guy went to the wrong college. Congrats Ivan and Abbey. I'll be adding it to my blog immediately. Everyone please be sure to give me lots of money so they'll have nice stats to show on Demo Day. Also it depends on how you look at it. By some metrics of "best" there are clear leaders. For instance, if your goal in college is to land a job running a hedge fund afterwards, it's pretty clear you should get a Harvard MBA. The title and connections you get from there are far more important than any classes. As a frequent user of Office, I'm still far from sold on the idea of Google Docs being the future. Maybe the very distant future, but certainly nobody will be using it (or competitors) in 5 years, and unlikely any significant amount will be in 10. It's simply overextension of the modern mania for moving stuff to the web. Clearly the proper answer. Depends what you're doing. Then they have something to divide. What exactly are they waiting for? I would not accept a job until this is worked out. They're either evil or naive, and neither are good traits in a boss. You definitely have to agree upfront on what stake/salary your employee would get. And when you say "this is my vision and things should be done my way" it makes me think you're looking for more of an employee than a cofounder. Which is fine, by the way, just be aware that that isn't a very cofounder-like mentality. You're still very early stage, so the first person you brought on would probably need a significant chunk of equity, unless you're paying a nice salary. It would be pretty strange for you to give a cofounder more than 50% equity. For the most part, just take them from your closest competitor and edit to your satisfaction. We did that in the beginning, and even when we finally got around to paying attorneys, they did more or less the same thing. By what metric is Yahoo Messenger now number 1? That seems silly to me. I'm guessing they just count everyone who has a Yahoo Mail account as a customer. I have to think that by actual usage it's still 3rd. Ha, I accidentally tipped them the 10 cents I've earned so far. They bought Lookout with the ostensible purpose of improving Outlook. I'd guess MS is waiting to see what sort of traction Xobni gets, and if it's solid they'll consider acquiring and/or implementing some of that functionality into Outlook. That is actually the only funny "webcomic" I've ever seen. Yep. I've seen all of those. Maybe we just have much different conversations, because I never find anything from Ghostbusters to be apropos. Pulp Fiction and Napoleon Dynamite are pretty high up my list for sure. Pulp Fiction might actually be number 2. It seems a little too generous to attribute "It would be bad." to Ghostbusters. Or the last one, which is basically Vaudeville. You might as well say you're quoting Earth Girls Are Easy every time you say the word "the", because it's in that movie at least once. Ha. That is a good one. It all goes back to the unnatural concept of fairness that adults force upon children. It's a harmful, artificial construct that damages them throughout their lives. I'd rather my kid learn that if he wants some of the legos, he's going to have to figure out how to get them, through diplomacy, outsmarting the others, etc. The children on the outside either didn't try hard enough, or weren't smart enough. Bad beat if your parents make exactly $100,001. I do love some DVD-Audio, but the selection is so limited. Makes me wish I was a bigger Bjork fan. The Gorillaz concert DVD is great. I realize it's not the same, but listening to Ibrahim Ferrer sing Latin Simone in 5.1 is pretty awesome. It's pretty great for that. It allows you to do complex layouts a little faster while keeping them readable. I'll be using it for any future sites I design. If only one out of ten failed, that would clearly be a great strategy. I think you meant 10% succeed. Even if that stat is true, it isn't useful. It doesn't mean your chances must be one in ten, and it doesn't mean that the overall rate can't or won't rise in the future. Wait, you're not allowed to kill your wife after she has an affair with a cross-dresser? What is this world coming to? This is maybe the dumbest thing I've ever seen on the front page here. I love how it has a factual title, giving some concrete numbers, then goes on to give no specific derivation for those numbers at all. And then there are sentences that don't even make sense like "In the US investors lost millions of dollars and when the “big guys” that share prices reached completely unrealistic levels far from what economists call fundamentals." How did this turd get 10 points here? Ha, I'm pretty sure YouTube is highly unprofitable currently, in which case Google should be paying Pakistan. Can someone more knowledgeable about the internets than me please explain how someone can just hijack YouTube's IP address? That's always going to be the exception, though it might become a larger one. Like all vague, sweeping questions of this sort, the answer is it depends. There's a hell of a lot of non-hacking work to do in a startup, how much exactly depends on the particular one. But any non-hackers probably should have done at least some programming, so they at least have a feel for the strengths/limitations of their technology. Cool. Can you show me how to redirect Yahoo's traffic to my blog? I can see you don't grasp the concept of humor. As a novice programmer, I indent my code rather anally and find it very helpful. Even with html/css it's a life saver. That said, the last thing I need is more debugging due to a missed indentation somewhere. One of the things I've enjoyed most about Ruby (as opposed to PHP, C++, etc.) is the reduced number of dumb errors like that. There's nothing worse, in my mind, than searching for a bug to find it was a missing semi-colon or some other such triviality, because it feels like time totally wasted. A logical bug is at least something I learn from. It shows me the error in my original thinking, which means I won't make the mistake again. Its challenging, enlightening and, on some level even fun. The only lesson I'll get from digging through code to find a bug caused by an improper character, though, is that I should have chosen a better language. We're using it for our site, and it's pretty much perfect for what we're doing. There's really no better way to make something that's live, dynamic, good-looking, and cross compatible in every browser. Without knowing anything specific about it, I'd guess ColdFusion sucks given the fact that it is the only Adobe product that almost nobody has used for any new application since the Reagan administration. php Interesting. Thanks. "They can make the same revenue with 5 million regular viewers, each worth $40 to advertisers. Given Facebook’s admittedly somewhat ludicruous valuation ($300 / user), that seems a trifle." That doesn't make any sense. Nobody thinks Facebook should be able to make $300/user. They're valued based on future growth potential. Making $40 in ad revenue per user is pretty tough. If you assume $10 CPM, that's 4k impressions per, or 11 a day. Not impossible, but not trivial either, and totally unrelated to Facebook. I think the main problem is that this presupposes that people go to college to learn. Most don't. They go to get a degree. Degrees act as passports to jobs. Employers value degrees because of their scarcity and the work/selection involved in getting one. Give away too many, and they won't anymore. No brand name school could risk this. For example, someone with a Stanford MBA can get a high-paying job pretty easily. Employers value the Stanford MBA because it does much of the pre-screening for them (it's hard to get into the program, and presumably hard to get through.)If Stanford churned out 1 million MBAs a year, they would become useless. I think this would dilute the brand beyond meaning. Good to see someone participating in their own funding round. Must be odd owning both common and preferred shares (assuming that's the case). How do you like OSU's CS program? Jokingly voted them up. Ha. Michigan vacations? I didn't know there was such a thing. Next they'll be spamming time shares in West Virginia. Ha. If by "most" he means "least" then I agree. I'm already working on a language that does this. It's called Maroon, and it's as high-level as they come. For instance you'd type in "make fantasy sports site" and have one working in seconds. Or "clone Google". I'm going to put the project on elance, since I obviously have no experience writing programming languages. How much do you want to bet some Indian firm says they can program it for $1,200 in 2 weeks? That article, the article that inspired it, and numerous comments here are all wrong about one thing. Gmail didn't win. Yahoo Mail has almost 15x the customers, and over half of the web mail market. http://weblogs.hitwise.com/leeann-prescott/051007.png My favorite quote, in reference to email services, "when Google made its move, Yahoo! could not compete." If being unable to compete means having a 15x userbase (some of whom are paying you, unlike your competitor, who has only free customers) then I sure hope every business I ever run cannot compete. I don't think doing something so unhealthy could possibly be worth it. There will still be startups left to be founded after you graduate. Or there will still be grad programs left to be attended after you IPO. Ha, yeah, what kind of moron would try to build a debugging machine? Any idiot can see that it should be a software program. I'll list that on elance too. Pretty neat. Thanks. That may be true, but I'd prefer the option to dig through my code if/when I want to. I'm never in favor of enforcing things on people that they could opt to do themselves because you think it's good for them and they lack discipline. Lol. I just wrote the blog entry about this. How the hell did you find it? I actually know someone very well who knows him very well. Maybe I'll do that. $50,000 doesn't sound as humorous in context as $48,000. I realized the numbers were a tad off. themaroon hotmail.com. Send me $100 so that I know it's you and can reply. The argument about OSes has long since left the realm of useful debate about relative merits and become some sort of brand-identification circlejerk. Apple is always going to win that war because Windows, for as long as it is dominant, will always be bourgeois. It's the same with Sam Adams vs. Budweiser. That's the price you pay for achieving ubiquity. You forfeit the hipster dufus demographic. Ok, I'll say it. That's just plain stupid. She's redefined language to mean something else, and then said hers is not inferior to ours. Twiddling a knob on a dresser is not a language, it's just an unusual curiosity. We don't have electricity and cars and antibiotics because people had conversations with doorknobs and running water. We have them because people communicated abstract ideas to each other. That's language. "And you find yourself thinking: She might have a point." Only if you don't know what the word language means. Otherwise you find yourself thinking "that's stupid." That's actually quite interesting. Where does one go to use a phone these days? It implies 49k premoney. Person who put 1k in would then own 1/50th of the resulting shares. Gmail is clearly a success. I just find it disingenuous to act like it did to Yahoo what Windows did to Mac. That's incorrect though. That's like saying someone always called an orange an apple, and therefore their apple (really an orange) is the same as ours. The whole point of a word is so that when I say it, you know what it means. The word "language" has an agreed upon meaning, and that meaning is not twiddling a knob. I don't think it's accurate to say Macs win on hardware. There are clearly some Windows OEMs who make hardware that's generally better (Lenovo for instance) though I'll give Apple credit and say that they're pretty good. Kind of strange that they have Joe Kraus's actual phone number in one of the demos. I switched from a Microsoft Ergo to a Logitech DiNovo Edge. The wrist feel isnt as comfortable, of course, but the keys are orgasmic. I'm a pretty big fan of Lenovo Thinkpads (don't think they sell their good line in stores). Most Mac users I know who've owned both agree that Lenovo kicks ass in terms of hardware. You probably won't like the design aesthetic as much though, but in terms of PCs, they're the top dogs right now. The T series is probably the closest competitor to the MBP. It might hinder you in terms of funding in the startup world. A lot of people say "dont fund anyone over 30" and mean it. I'm not sure if there's any merit to that philosophy at all (probably a little) but it definitely exists. Other than that, neither compilers nor users know or care how old you are. Make something people want and you'll be fine. I had really high math scores (aced it on ACT, close on SAT) but to answer your question, they're both two sides of the same coin. I'll probably address it in a post on the poker blog as that's the most common question I get asked by hackers (less common but still there amongst others). The short version is that the two are highly interrelated. Math helps you make the right play given the information you have, reading gives you more information with which to use math and come up with the right play. And I mean reading more in terms of reverse engineering someone's range of holdings from their actions rather than tells. Tells certainly exist, and have the same effect when you spot one, but they're highly romanticized in movies, etc. Once you get past the lower limits they become fairly rare. Biographicon's interface is just plain slick. I see the site being popular for people who care about celebrities. 1) I was relatively lazy because I didn't enjoy the game, but with really hard work I think I could have done 7 figures a year, or at least close. 2) Most top players are probably around where I am in math. A few are far beyond though. 3) I don't think so. A large part of poker is reining in your emotions. 4) No 5) I doubt it. 6) Like I said, math and reading ability are two sides of the same coin. Computers can't read people for shit, especially when there's more than 1 opponent. Even the worst human can do a better job of it than the best computer.So even though a computer is clearly superior at math, it will always have to put me on such a wide range of holdings that it won't help much. They can do a good job at heads up limit hold'em, but the more players you add to the table, the worse the AI becomes. It's stuff like this that keeps me coming here. People who pay way more for something than everyone else usually do so mainly because it makes them feel superior. So the main problem Microsoft is having is poor third party support. Peripheral makers not updating drivers, though they had an unusually long period of time to do so. OEMs mislabeling laptops as Vista ready/capable/whatever when they clearly aren't. How could MS have handled this better? Make drivers for every known product themselves? Micromanage Vista Ready certifications(that one seems plausible at least)? Ha, I can't imagine what my karma would be if I got points for the articles I submitted that others posted. But I guess if I cared, I would just post them myself. Exactly. I imagine writing bug free code is a lot like site uptime, where each 9 added after the decimal place doubles the cost. There are few software companies (or maybe none) where debugging to that extent would make fiscal sense.