I've been programming for about 17 years and here's what I tell my students: Every program has 2 goals: To explain to the computer what you want it to do, and to explain to people what you want the computer to do. Good code is readable and correct. The first time you encounter a problem, your first idea of how to solve it will be awful. This is true no matter how long you spend thinking about it, no matter how much experience you have. The best workflow involves thinking, then coding, then thinking, then throwing away most of your code and doing it better. You can't find the flaws in an implementation while its in your head - you need to see it on the screen before you can fix it. Your second implementation will generally be better. The best code I've written I've iterated on 3-4 times until it looks simple and obvious. Unit tests will help you iterate - write them before / just after your first attempt at the code. Then when you rewrite the code you'll have confidence that you haven't broken it. You're not writing poetry. Sometimes your code is hard to read because you're doing a simple thing in a complex way. Other times your code is hard to read because its algorithmically complicated. In the second case, spreading the algorithm out over lots of places will make it almost impossible to understand. So, don't stress out when you can't make your code into a haiku. Sometimes you can't - but you should try anyway. The best way to learn what good and bad code looks like is to read code. At first, reading code will be harder than writing it. You should do it anyway. Your own code is ok, but other people's code is better. Pick an opensource library you use and try and figure out how you would write it. Then read the code and see how they did it. Their method might be worse than yours. - But remember, their project is successful anyway. It sounds like the information density of a given syllable is decided subjectively. The subjective measurements are probably not proportional. It makes sense - Imagine if you're tasked with giving a numerical value for how much information is in a sentence. Working through the sentence syllable by syllable and picking an arbitrary 'information score' of each syllable, then adding the information scores together won't get you a particularly good result. The conclusion of the article (that all languages transmit data at the same rate) is supported by the research, but not proved by it. I suspect that if you read the paper, the researchers wouldn't make it sound so conclusive. It sounds like you're not looking for a bold choice; you're looking for language innovation to stop. The only widely accepted for loop syntax is the C-style for loop, which was invented 40 years ago and is vastly inferior to for..in loops, ruby's .each / .each_index and python's list comprehensions. That says nothing of generics[1]. The reality is, we can make much better languages today than Java or C#. [1] http://weblogs.java.net/blog/arnold/archive/2005/06/generics... I totally agree with your premise. I used to work at google, and every time I go back there / talk to my old friends it breaks my heart a little. That said, you've made two claims in your post: 1. All groups will get worse over time 2. Therefore, we should keep government as small as possible The refutation to the argument is that many other modern democracies have (proportionally) bigger governments than the US. These countries certainly get advantages from big governments (like social welfare, decent education systems, state sponsored medical attention, etc) but don't seem to pay much of a cost for it. As an Australian citizen, I will get paid a dole if I can't find work, all my important medical expenses are covered or heavily subsidised, our schools are decent everywhere, and so on. My taxes are a bit higher than yours, but not unreasonably so. I suspect the important difference might just be scale - Australia has just 20M people. Most European countries have similar sizes. Maybe if the US were lots of small countries instead it would work better? Its hard to tell... With redis, all your data must fit in RAM on your server(s). It really depends on how much data your application uses (and how much you expect it to use as you grow). The number of users who sign up in the first couple weeks after a google product goes live isn't predictive of the success of the product. Buzz had 'tens of millions' [1] of users checking it out in the first week after it launched, and wave had well over a million users try it out. Looking at search traffic isn't quite as good as user traffic, but its still interesting. Here's search traffic for buzz, plus and wave on the same graph: http://www.google.com/trends?q=google+plus%2C+google+buzz%2C... This is the search traffic graph of a healthy product (google maps): http://www.google.com/trends?q=google+maps&ctab=0&ge... [1] http://gmailblog.blogspot.com/2010/02/millions-of-buzz-users... > 3) do the exercises that seem incredibly futile in the second chapter, and do them over and over and over and over all your career. I got halfway through that paragraph thinking it was crap because it didn't apply to programming, then realised that you're absolutely right. In programming, the thing we do every day is we write tiny algorithms to do simple things. The abstractions come and go, but the simple "I need to remove a trailing slash on this string" sort of problems are (to me) the everyday practices. Everything else falls out of those little problems - the need for abstraction, the need for tools, the need for tests, the need for libraries, etc. Imagine I offer you two applicants. They're both fresh out of collage applying for an engineering role. The first one has never heard of MVC and has never actually used TDD. But you ask him to implement a binary search on a whiteboard and he goes to town. The other one will happily explain all the details of the visitor pattern, but when you ask him to manually reverse a string in his favorite language, he can't do it. I don't know about you, but I'd hire the first programmer in a heartbeat. Its much easier to learn design patterns when you know how to code than the other way around. Maybe its the same with shading in art, and scales in music. But, thats definitely how it works with programming. I had the pleasure of missing Ted's original post. I read it before this one, and it was pretty misinformed. I could write a similar article arguing that assembly is useless because it takes so much code to implement a web server using it. If your server runs in a single thread AND you do expensive calculations per request, you're doing it wrong. You should be caching results, and you need to either move the processing work to a backend server (written in C or something) or shard the frontend across a lot of cores (multiple processes / webworkers). In any of these configurations, nodejs will work great on the front end. But, most of Ted's post was needless bile. The argument he made isn't justified by the evidence he gave. Don't bother trying to argue with him, its not worth your time. There are nodejs web worker implementations to help with that kind of problem: https://github.com/pgriess/node-webworker If you use webworkers for cpu-intensive tasks (like fib), nodejs will perform just as well as all the other web frameworks out there. I used that to make a demo for my realtime collaborative editing library: http://sharejs.org/wiki/HackerNews The rendered markdown updates live for you and everyone else viewing the page! I did some benchmarks a few years ago playing around with different techniques in C#. If you spin up a thread for each connection, and the connections are short lived, the time spent spinning up a thread will dominate the time spent communicating on the socket. Event loops perform much better than one-thread-per-connection in simple web services because they don't have the extra thread overhead. Its no accident the hello world app on nodejs.org is this sort of service. But by far the fastest technique I found was to use a thread pool and an event loop together. When there was any work to do (new connection or new data), I scheduled the next available thread from a thread pool to do the work. This technique requires that you deal with both callback hell and thread synchronization. But, its blazing fast. Way faster than you can get with a single nodejs process. The code is also many times more complicated, so it really depends on what you're doing. Despite knowing how to make a super high performance server, I do most of my work in nodejs. - It performs fine in most applications. I really like that quote too, but that doesn't make it true. Being able to freely develop software on all the CPUs I own isn't an essential freedom. I'm aware of Stallman's advocacy on free software issues, but (completely honest question), what else does the Free Software Foundation do ? Software is at a point where its basically impossible to make anything useful without opensource software. Proprietary code is a minority in my stack both as a developer and as a user. Proprietary software is often good before opensource software is good, but consistently opensource implementations eventually outpace their proprietary counterparts. We saw this trend first with UNIX -> Linux. Today, just reading this webpage I'm using Chrome (Chromium + WebKit) which communicates via POSIX to the BSD network stack in my kernel (Darwin). The browser has been compiled with either GCC or LLVM. Hackernews is probably hosted on nginx / apache behind varnish or something, running on linux. In short, I feel like the opensource movement has already won. Aside from RMS's crusade against software patents, how is the FSF still relevant? > In fact, if VM is not much faster, why would they have it at all? Google hasn't made dart so we can make our web apps faster . They made dart because there's a lot of java developers at google who believe that its easier to write monolithic javascript applications (GMail, G+, etc) using a language like java. They believe it enough that they will try to convince others to follow suit. I compiled that code with the google closure compiler. I used advanced optimisations for dead code removal. The result is 94% smaller - 32k, or 9k gzipped. A 32k overhead could be absorbed by most large web applications without being noticed. http://closure-compiler.appspot.com/code/jscd4ddca10c0a518fc... As I understand it, dart isn't trying to be a faster javascript. Its trying to be a better GWT. Many googlers I've spoken to firmly believe that you need a strongly typed, OO language with good tooling to be able to develop any large application. They believe web apps are no exception. Google has worked hard adding types to javascript with the closure compiler. But, there are limits to what you can achieve using javascript. Comfortable programming in the large is the main value proposition of Dart. Expect to see good developer tools, debuggers, profilers and server-side runtime environments for Dart appearing over the next few years. (Disclaimer: I don't share this view) Early versions of wave ran on IE7. The problem wasn't HTML feature support, it was a lack of engineering time. In the leadup to the IO announcement, the client team dropped IE support in order to get wave ready for the demo. Dropping IE support was supposed to be temporary, but everybody was too busy to fix it. "Just tell people to install Chrome frame" was the regular excuse. It was being worked on when wave was finally cancelled. Every time I tell an engineer that I worked on the wave team, I'm greeted with the same response: "Oh, Wave! You know, the real problem with wave was X". And then I stop listening, and tell them this: I have heard that for all the values of X. Here are the most common: - It was too hard to use / I didn't know what to do with it - It didn't integrate with email / didn't have email notifications - It didn't support IE - I started using it, but none of my friends were using it, so I stopped - It was too slow Too late, the team spent a bunch of time talking to actual users and finding out how they were using the product and what their real pain points were. People use wave to communicate in small teams. IIRC the biggest pain point our users cited was that wave didn't support printing. The people who did get over the adoption hurdle ended up using wave a lot . (I still wonder if maybe wave might have survived if we had charged for it.) Wave died because we were too slow to make it good. The code base consists of around 1M lines of java. With 1M lines of code, you need a giant team to get anything done, and a giant team working hard on features tends to add even more code. The wave team burned too much money too fast. And we were still working too slowly to get explosive user growth. It made lots of people sad, but Google was right to kill wave. If I could go back in time and give advice to the team, I would say: - Don't use Java - Don't scale past a few engineers. You will have a much longer runway that way, and you'll need it if you want to replace email. - The network effect will kill you unless you integrate with email from day 1. - You don't know what you're building, so talk to users early. Like, today. - Don't optimise for scalability until you know what the product is supposed to be - Don't try and reinvent the scrollbar, you idiots. (So much stabbing.) Every line of code adds spec inertia. Java makes you write a lot of code, which makes it super hard to redesign your project when you pivot on features. Java works fine in enterprise software written against a strong spec. But wave never had a strong spec - It was an experiment. Inevitably, we spent a lot of time making the wrong thing. We needed to be able to change wildly based on user feedback. We needed a light, nimbler language which would let us pivot easily and throw away code. ... And you optimise for a changing spec with a small team and a terse codebase. Today I would recommend Coffeescript, Rails or Scala. Maybe even Go. A few years ago, Ruby, python or C++. Erlang, clojure or haskell would probably work too, depending on the team. It would take more than a couple weeks, but 10-50k LOC sounds about right. Since leaving google, I've rewritten wave's concurrent editing algorithm in coffeescript in just 3k LOC. [Blatant plug: http://sharejs.org/ ] > On the bright side, I feel pretty confident that some real startup will take the open sourced Wave technology and do something good... I don't share your confidence. Making even trivial changes to the 350k lines of opensourced java takes a lot of time and a lot of skill. There are only ~5 part time developers working on it. I doubt that it will be useful anytime soon. [Disclaimer: Some of that code is mine] Thankyou, that means a lot to me :) I don't think there's any one single reason why the code base is huge. Its written in proper idiomatic java, so a lot of the code is bureaucracy (interfaces, factories, managers, assertions, etc). The code that was opensourced is reasonably representative of the rest, if you're curious: http://code.google.com/p/wave-protocol/source/browse/#hg%2Fs... I think we should have spent more time keeping the code clean; but thats always a tough call when you have features to ship. Its easy to point to lots of things and say they were mistakes. But I worry that, had the project been successful, we might point to the very same things and talk about how clever we were. A huge effort was put into making the client more responsive in the few months just before wave got cancelled. I'm not sure if its still the case, but at one point wave was loading faster than gmail. We were a month or so away from shipping server-side rendering of waves with progressive enhancement for editing. That made waves load in a snap. (The guys finished that piece of work and put it in the opensource wave in a box project.) You weren't alone in getting a lot of value out of wave. We used it internally for everything. When we had meetings, we shared the agenda in a wave. People edited the wave with meeting items, and during the meeting people collaboratively annotated the agenda with what was decided, turning into the minutes. It was a thing of beauty. I still think there's a need for something like wave - it solves real problems. When wave was cancelled, there was a series of honest retrospectives internally on different aspects of the project. I hope they get eventually get published eventually too. A lot of people were quite career-sensitive after wave. Most blog posts you see by wave developers are written by people who have left google anyway. I agree, although if I had the chance I would change the protocol spec too. The client-server protocol uses protobufs encoded over JSON, and the federation protocol uses protobufs encoded over XML, via an XMPP extension. As others have said, there weren't accepted standards for this stuff just a few years ago. Today, you could build whip something together reasonably easily using JSON and socket.io or something. Yes. We did work to make wave scale before we knew what features would be important to users. That was definitely a problem, but its hard to avoid scaling when you're google and the whole world is watching. The earlier you launch, the sooner you need to do that scaling work. But the later you launch the more development you do in a vacuum, without real customer validation. I've followed a very similar road. For me, the thing which halted that ivory tower mindset was changing languages. I find that after spending a lot of time in a single language, I start thinking along that language's lines when I'm designing software. There are a lot of things which are a good idea in some languages and rubbish in others. Eg, enums are great in C, but useless in Javascript. Interfaces and abstract classes are silly in ruby. I think there's a trap programmers fall into with this stuff, where we get used to some method / philosophy. After awhile, its easy to forget that the method comes with a price that is being paid daily. Only by periodically re-evaluating all the little decisions you make can you start to get a real sense for when those decisions are appropriate. But as for the code rot problem, there are two solutions I've seen which made a difference: - Test-driven development (full on, no cheating, tests before you write code. 95%+ code coverage) - Code reviews before every commit But both of these methods will slow you down heaps in the short term. I find proper TDD makes me about half as productive in the short term. In the long term, it slows down big redesign work because there's twice as much code to change. The benefit is that you can formalise all your obscure edge cases in tests. If your test coverage is good enough, you can safely refactor code without breaking anything. This removes fear from development and lets you make clear decisions about design. (Also, its amazing how many bugs you find when you start writing tests. It is humbling.) I suspect that most of the benefits of code review comes from simply setting aside time to talk about code style. It consumes a lot of time. In exchange, you get higher quality code. How much you care about speed and code quality really depends on what the project is. You need to try them both out some time to be able to make that decision properly. From the article: He said Webster's actions were more serious because he did not just access his own or a mate's account, but hundreds of other customer accounts, to prove the security flaw was real. "While we were appreciative of him showing us a weakness in our security systems the size of the downloads concerned us greatly and the fact that it was a major breach of the privacy provisions of our members," Dwyer said in a phone interview. The guy didn't just find and report on a vulnerability. He also scraped a whole heap of private customer details ('to prove the problem was real'). If his intentions were pure, he shouldn't have downloaded & saved the private information of hundreds of customers. First State Super overreacted, but I can understand why they're nervous that he might keep the data. Hi! Author of ShareJS here. ShareJS works fine with variable length arrays. Also, ShareJS isn't limited to ace. Textareas work as well. Here's the same document that was linked, editable from a textarea: http://sharejs.org/textarea.html I've written ShareJS, which performs OT over generic JSON objects. Getting OT-for-JSON working involved a lot of cases, but it was certainly tractable. The tricky algorithmic code is 440 lines long. XML would be much more complicated to get right, but certainly possible if you're mad keen on XML. I'm working on the same thing for node.js. Come help me write ShareJS: http://sharejs.org/ Also, plaintext and JSON data types are generic and pluggable into other systems. I'm not sure what you're trying to do, but they might be useful. Yes, you do. Say you have an object: {x:1} Two people try and add a y:2 to the object. If you treat the object as a string, you can end up with: {y:2,x:1,y:2} ... which is invalid JSON. If you do string-level operations, there's heaps of ways the JSON can end up invalid or just plain wrong. In comparison, using OT if two people apply a "Insert y:2 into the object" operation, the object will be edited correctly at all sites. I used to consider most comments a sign of poorly factored code. (If you need comments, you've probably written your code in an obtuse way). I started a new project a few weeks ago and went to the other extreme to see what it was like. I think I have more comments than code: https://github.com/josephg/node-browserchannel/blob/master/l... Rendered with docco: http://josephg.github.com/node-browserchannel/docs/server.ht... The comments in this file also describe the spec of what I'm implementing and give running commentary on the implemention. It took me awhile to get used to writing like this, but I really like the result. When I want to add a function or something I talk about what I want to achieve in a comment block before writing the code. Somehow, the whole feeling of programming is different. By making the documentation the highest priority, I feel like I'm writing rather than coding. (I hate writing generally, but I really enjoyed it here.) I'm not sure if it helps or hinders readability. Obviously there's way more information in there about my intensions. You can tell if surprising behaviour in the code is intended or if its a bug. But the code has become really long and you have to scroll heaps to be able to move through the file. I feel like my monitor has shrunk. Maybe I just need to split the code out into more files. I'm not sure if I want to program like this all the time; but I'm writing a lot more inline documentation now. When you get stuck trying to decide how to implement something, talking about the design choices in a block comment has the same effect as explaining the problem to a coworker. Only this way you don't bother your coworkers and you have documentation on the choice when you're done. Its also a fun experiment because of how weird it feels - I highly recommend giving it a go sometime. I reached the same conclusion. I'm pretty sure I got them all right, and it told me I only had 2 correct. You might want to double-check the marking key. I read a fantastic piece a few years ago which discussed behavioural differences between men and women. They argued that there are two essential behavioural differences between the sexes: 1. Women tend to have more intimate social networks than men. (Fewer people, stronger connections). 2. In almost every aspect of life, women tend to deviate less from the mean. For better and often for worse, men are bigger risk takers. This second point I find really interesting. Lots of statistical gender differences can be explained by this one fact. Apparently, if you plot male and female behavioural patterns on just about any scale (income, crime, exam marks, etc), women cluster around the mean more than men. Some of the effects of this: - There are more men in prison. - More men run big companies. - Statistically, girls do better at high school. This is because the dropout guys bring the mean mark down more than the high achievers bring it up. The best evolutionary justification I've heard is that humans were polygamous for large periods of our evolution. In a society where the top blokes got all the babes, it made a lot of sense to be a big risk taker. -- How else do you compete with attention from war heroes? There was no benefit to risktaking behaviour in women because most women would reproduce anyway. I'm not going to defend the tone, or facebook bashing, or anything like that. I will say, I enjoyed that site a great deal. I feel like I'm often on a slippery slope toward easy, short, quick and cheap entertainment. Sometimes I'll go to my computer not for any particular reason, just because I want something to do. I should be going to my computer to accomplish something I want, and if I want to relax I shouldn't do it reading blog posts. From time to time, I need to (yet again) jolt myself off the short attention span path and remind myself that I have agency. Then I'm alright for awhile longer. I think its this tendency in people which makes sites like facebook so popular. I think this is what caused reddit to drift from an interesting discussion forum to a repository of memes and cat pictures. I suspect a lot of the facebook bashing you see on hackernews isn't because we hate facebook, but because hate using a site like facebook as a crutch to procrastinate doing anything actually useful. Zach dealt with this, specifically, in his blog post: I don’t view it this way. I’m less concerned about my overall reach than I am with connecting with my audience. Put another way: I’m content with losing a handful of people if that means I connect much stronger with everyone else. Is the price of the loss, really, lower than the value of the gain? That is a really interesting question. I agreed completely with Zach's post, and I've agreed with all of @gks's comments in this thread. Zach's use of swearing increases my emotional connection to what he's saying. If Zach didn't swear, he would connect less with me . But the plural of anecdote is not data. What proportion of people are like you, and find swearing in a talk trite and cheap? What proportion of people are comfortable with Zach's slides? We should do science. It was hit and miss at google. Some teams loved it, and some teams hated it. It was cancelled because the number of external users didn't meet google's expectations, not because of how it was used internally. I understand that this project is very immature compared to Node.js, but how does it compare performance-wise? Can modern Lua virtual machines outperform V8? Fuck the joy of programming. Are you fucking kidding me? Motivation isn't something you can just ignore. If you aren't motivated to work, you will eventually either stop working or hate your job. (Why would you keep doing something you don't want to do?) Maybe if you're working with good people and getting paid well it'll be ok, but in that case you're relying on the people around you to motivate you. You will be less productive and less happy for 40 hours a week than people who honestly love the work itself. > I know what I'd like to be doing, but I also know I'm not motivated to do it. You just contradicted yourself. Being motivated to do something means wanting to do it. The problem is that "What do I want to do" actually has two meanings. It means "What would I like to be doing each day" and it means "What do I want to have done". These are very different questions, and they have different answers. I'd like to have fed the poor, but I would not enjoy standing on the street asking for donations from passers-by. I want to be designing computer games, but I won't be particularly proud of writing Battlefield N+1. I've spent years optimizing for how my life will look in retrospect. This came as a revelation to me, but if I look back at my fondest memories over the past few years, none of them have involved big goals. Instead, they've all been things that were fun to do, like gamejam and trapeze lessons. This year I've got a new plan: -Ofun. I might not change the world, but maybe if I'm enjoying myself a lot more that'll be ok. I suspect he hasn't recovered properly yet and hasn't realised. I've experienced burnout a couple times. For me, a week of TV will make the world start looking brighter again. However, if I try and actually work for more than an hour or two, that murky grey feeling of dread pops straight back. Both times I've gotten properly burned out its taken me ~3 months to recover properly, and really start enjoying my work again. There are a few, but none of them are widely known about. Socket.io's problems only become visible once you've been working with it for awhile. The three alternatives I know about are SockJS: http://sockjs.org Faye - which implements the Bayeux pubsub protocol: http://faye.jcoglan.com/ And node-browserchannel (mine) which implements google's browserchannel protocol: https://github.com/josephg/node-browserchannel (BrowserChannel works all the way down to IE5.5!) Unfortunately, eventsource isn't supported by any current version of IE. It'll be awhile before ES can replace your AJAX/websocket libraries. http://caniuse.com/#search=eventsource The etherpad developers were hired to help work on wave. Google docs implemented collaborative editing independently of etherpad and the wave team. Only if you swear at all the interviewers Holman. (jokes :D) The biggest problem with google acquiring github is that github would be expected to integrate with google's infrastructure; which would be a monumental engineering task. I can't see that happening in any way that wouldn't hurt github somehow. The best case would be that months of github's engineering time is taken away from new features. The worst case is that github is integrated with google code somehow; which would probably result in a revolt by github's users. I think an acquisition by google would only hurt the open source community. Google likes us too much to risk that. Using shared libraries also decreases application startup time, because applications don't need to read as much code from disk. Even using an SSD I suspect the difference would be noticable for most applications. This is a cute idea, but your computer is almost never CPU pegged. It spends most of its time waiting for input from you. For 95% of software, faster execution (through parallelism or whatever) would have no effect. But don't take my word for it. Look at all the applications you have open right now and check if a magical 1e100Hz processor would make any meaningful difference. For me: iTunes: no. Vim: no. Chrome with hackernews: no. VLC: no. Terminal: no. "We need to rethink software design to make our programs run faster" – Hardly. We're actually seeing the opposite trend. People are caring less about CPU performance now than they used to. One of the effects is that real software is being written in slow languages like Ruby and Coffeescript, performance be damned. There are obviously exceptions (games and scientific simulations). But for the other 95% of code out there, we simply don't need the parallelism of functional languages to write good software. On mobile devices, you can already be a bit sloppy with your code and your UI will still be responsive. The fact that Corona and Phonegap are usable is proof of that. The 'comfort margin' of mobile CPUs will only increase over the next few years. You certainly don't need functional languages to write efficient server-side code for I/O-bound applications. People have solved the C10k problem for every imperative language I know. Ryah (the nodejs guy) makes a pretty strong case that functional programming's parallelism doesn't help you on the server side anyway, because you'll need to scale across multiple machines. Multiple machines mean multiple processes. If you're doing that anyway, you may as well avoid threads entirely and parallelize by spawning a few processes on each server. Games are the big exception, though I find it curious that I've never heard of any published game (big or small) that was written in a purely functional language. If functional programming really does make concurrent code easier to write, I'd expect at least a couple indie computer game developers to be using them, somewhere! Anyway, despite how visible game development is, it makes up a small percentage of the computer industry. That we will experience 'The Downfall of Imperative Programming' because some day, I hope game developers use functional languages to make their games run faster is a bit of a stretch. The ability of functional programming languages to do parallelization is really cool, but you're not solving a problem that many programmers actually have. Its like selling a car by saying it has lots of leg room for tall people. Its a great pitch to the right customer, but don't expect a revolution. ShareJS is also designed to be integrated into existing applications. Etherpad is a standalone product. At the risk of spreading the trolls, for more civilized discussion check out the wiki: http://sharejs.org/wiki/Main [ShareJS author] I've considered rewriting ShareJS in C a couple times. For science, I ported the core operational transform algorithm code from coffeescript into C and got a ~10% reduction in code size and an 8x performance boost. The networking and database code won't translate anywhere near as well, but it may still be worth doing at some stage. The google javascript style is overly verbose and really awkward. Javascript isn't a typed object-oriented language. If you fight javascript until it looks like C++, you make an awful mess. Most of the javascript I've read from google is overly verbose, takes ages to compile(!!) and it avoids javascript's best features - anonymous functions (closures), object literals and dynamic typing. If the author writes his javascript as if it were C++, its really no wonder he hates the language. Javascript is a wonderful little language - but its not C, and if you pretend it is, you're going to have a miserable time. I'm not sure about how warm and gooey left-wing and right-wing people are, but there has been research in the roots of our respective morality systems: http://www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_haidt_on_the_moral_mind.ht... I'm the developer of ShareJS (sharejs.org) - and we have realtime JSON editing too. The technology is compatible, and it should be pretty easy to make ShareJS compatible with the GDrive client API. As a maintainer of a project with almost 2000 stars on github, I sway back and forth between being allowing ("Just submit code to get what you want done. We can fix it once its in the repository") and a stickler for details ("I don't want your change until you give me tests.") I really wish I could just give everyone who submits patches commit access and let them at the repository. It would save me time. It would save you time. It would make my project better. And I don't write opensource software because I enjoy being a policeman. I hate it. I hate saying no to real work that solves real problems. Unfortunately, the majority of pull requests are simply bad. - Many do not understand the project's conventions (eg, if my project is written in coffeescript, so your code needs to be in coffeescript too). Example: https://github.com/josephg/ShareJS/pull/36/files . After I insisted on the code being ported to coffeescript, several users whinged on the project's mailing list about my language choice. - Most pull requests don't have tests. Submitters usually don't even run the unit tests before submitting, and their pull requests often break the tests we do have. I understand that you don't write tests in your application, but the rules are different in an infrastructure project that many people rely on. - People often have extra modifications in their PR that have nothing to do with the patch. For example, this pull request has good parts near the top and also makes my code uglier riiiight down the bottom in the name of 'optimization'. Quotes because optimization was never run, and the changes didn't actually improve performance. https://github.com/josephg/Chipmunk-js/pull/15/files - Some bug reports exist only to waste my time and complain about my programming language choices. This is what I was doing instead of triaging your bug. I'm sorry, ok? https://github.com/josephg/Chipmunk-js/issues/11 I usually err on the side of allowing changes and fixing stuff later, but my projects have suffered for this several times. I've had maintainers accept pull requests that break the unit tests (and leave them broken for weeks). I've had otherwise normal code suddenly sprout extra levels of indentation. I've had mountains of bugs appear, filed against a feature I didn't write, don't understand and I never use, who's author has disappeared. I've been burned enough that I can totally understand maintainers who ignore patches and bug reports. I still love everyone who cares about my projects enough to submit a bug report or takes the time to make a pull request. I need contributors to make good software, but it breaks my heart when nice people submit slightly bad code, and I need to either whinge at you or stop working on my own pet feature to clean up your mess. I'm sorry to everyone who's patches gets ignored, but sometimes I get tired too. In short, its fun to complain about The Man because your precious donation of code is being ignored. But its just as thankless running a project, only we shoulder way more responsibility and burn way more time doing it. If you want me to look at more of your bug reports, help triage my other pending bugs and pull requests. If you want me to stay excited about the project, email me to say how much you like it, and tell me about the cool things you're doing with my code. If you want commit access, ask for it. Finally, if you think you can do a better job running a project, use the fork button and do something about it. It has nothing to do with how the W3C is stacked. Us Australians and Brits use American spelling ('color', etc) when programming for consistency. We would rather our APIs are spelled incorrectly (setColor()) than inconsistently (sometimes setColor() and sometimes setColour()). There's very little code on the internet that uses British English. I'm Australian, and even when I write software that will only be used by other Australians, I still use American English so I don't have to think about it. Spelling in documentation is much less important. Is this program just for startups? I've got an opensource project that I would like coaching & mentorship on, but I'm not convinced I want to monetize it. Should I apply anyway? There's a picture next to the question of a saw cutting a straight thin plank. Its very unlikely that this interpretation of the question was intended. BDB is really slow, and KyotoCabinet is GPL. For some better alternatives, check out LevelDB: https://code.google.com/p/leveldb/ and LMDB: http://symas.com/mdb/ There are some decent benchmarks put out by the mdb guys here: http://symas.com/mdb/microbench/ . Maybe it depends on your work load, but thats not true if you just want a regular K-V store. LevelDB and LMDB are usually way faster: http://symas.com/mdb/microbench/ Of course, neither of these systems have indexing. If you want to use them directly, you have to organise your data so that you can translate your queries into range queries on an ordered set. The FoundationDB guys talk about this here: http://foundationdb.com/documentation/beta1/data-modeling.ht... As a former google wave developer, I can only say that I hope this isn't the case. Wave's federation protocol embedded an XML-like data structure (wavelets) in protobufs (binary) which were then encoded using base64 and embedded in XMPP extensions (ie, more XML). That way lies madness. Google wave only used XMPP for federation. It was a nightmare to deploy and we never got it working reliably. Different jabber servers all had different quirks or implemented subsets of the XMPP extension spec. The client-server protocol was simply JSON. XMPP was not involved. (Well, we translated protobuf messages to JSON, so it was ugly JSON, but still JSON). OT stands for Operational Transformation, which is the technology underpinning Google Docs, Google Wave, Etherpad, ShareJS etc. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operational_transformation Meteor is more mature, but it doesn't do server side rendering or operational transform for document updates. As far as I know, meteor is also limited to a single server. Derby now supports scaling over multiple processes on multiple machines. On http://sink.derbyjs.com/ I get DOMContentLoaded (including all the page content) in 70ms. I made a skip list based rope implementation in C and Javascript. In C, the crossover point when ropes become faster is around 200 bytes. They're an awesome little data structure. C: https://github.com/josephg/librope JS: https://github.com/josephg/jumprope Yep - fixed! (Thanks @rymo4 for the pull request) Any plans to pin the login.persona.org SSL certificate in browsers? It seems like a pretty tasty MITM attack target, especially while most identity providers don't have native persona support. login.persona.org is listed in the key pinning list in Chrome[1], but marked as kNoPins, DOMAIN_NOT_PINNED - whatever that means. [1] http://src.chromium.org/viewvc/chrome/trunk/src/net/http/tra... Business Insider works fine with 3rd party cookies disabled. (Edit: Chrome on a mac, no plugins. I've enabled 'Block 3rd party cookies and site data' and Click to play for flash) As someone who works on BSD-licensed opensource software, this is fantastic news. Regardless of your opinion of Sony as a company, this is exactly why I love licenses like BSD & MIT - you enable engineers everywhere to build better products. Snowden: > Encryption works. Properly implemented strong crypto systems are one of the few things that you can rely on. Unfortunately, endpoint security is so terrifically weak that NSA can frequently find ways around it. You probably don't need to use 3 cyphers. Just make sure you're storing your private key somewhere safe. The intermediate, untrusted computer (in this case koding.com's VM) can read my password. This has the same drawbacks as using a small random key, which the article discusses later on: - They might find the key earlier or later in their search (it adds volatility to the amount of time required). - Searching for the right value of m is highly parallelizable. I've written a couple of C tools directly on top of libuv[1] to play with it. I've got to say, its a great little library. Its basically nodejs's entire cross-platform standard library & event loop exposed to C, without V8 and without npm. It performs well, the code is pretty high quality and the internal documentation is excellent. The external API docs aren't very good though - I found myself reading through nodejs a few times to figure out how I was expected to use some of the functions. I'm quite curious to see how much performance you lose through libuv compared to using the lower level IO primitives directly (epoll, select and friends). I know redis doesn't use any high level event libraries, but I haven't seen any benchmarks. [1] https://github.com/josephg/sharedb (Caveat: This was an experiment and libuv has probably changed in incompatible ways since I wrote this code) Author of ChipmunkJS here. I did some benchmarks moving things to typed arrays about a year ago, and the change was a wash in my benchmark results. I think that might not be the case now considering all the optimizations the v8 team have been making to asmjs-like code. I did some quick benchmarks using emscripten recently and performance absolutely blew away my hand-tweaked chipmunk code[3]. Hand optimized, ChipmunkJS takes 2.8x as long to run the tests. Emscripten compiled chipmunk is 1.4x, so twice as fast. That said, the generated code is huge and awful, and the API is terrible. I've been playing around with porting my library to LLJS recently, but when I looked at LLJS it hadn't been updated in over a year. Its nice to see that there were some commits a few months ago, but LLJS needs a lot of work before its generally usable. I've been doing some stuff manually as a toy - still not sure where to go with all of this. Bridging from ASMJS to regular javascript makes your API really hard to use. --- [1] https://github.com/josephg/Chipmunk-js [2] https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ap2hDnCZnXiVdDV... , though this is somewhat hard to read. [3] http://josephg.com/blog/chipmunkjs-and-emscripten [4] http://josephg.com/blog/chipmunk-in-asm-js I think the difference is entirely explained by WhiteDB's lack of networking overhead, both in write() calls to the OS[1] and creating & parsing network messages. A fairer comparison would be with leveldb and lmdb[2]. [1] http://highscalability.com/blog/2013/6/19/paper-megapipe-a-n... [2] http://symas.com/mdb/microbench/ User-level libraries can't lock up your OS unless they can trigger kernel / driver bugs or make your hardware malfunction. In this case, graphics drivers are the most likely cause. This isn't copying - its actually much closer to stealing. The difference is that copying doesn't take anything from the original author. Here, the original author is still hosting 4co.in. Performance will depend a lot on your application & database, but it shouldn't take more than 10 minutes to get some rough performance numbers. Try pointing the apache-benchmarking tool `ab` at your site. There's some great tutorials around for the uninitiated: http://www.cyberciti.biz/tips/howto-performance-benchmarks-a... If your site is behind a login screen, you can manually login from the browser then copy+paste your session cookie into the ab commandline. (Author here) ShareJS also supports collaboratively editing arbitrary JSON documents. Support for seeing everyone's cursors is being added at the moment - there's a sandbox kicking around here if you want to play with the prototype version: http://sharejs.org:7007/ Care to justify that assertion? I think OT is a fantastic way to deal with partial order. OT can be used to guarantee eventual consistency while preserving intent. And unlike transactions, it lets you edit your local model syncronously in the client without waiting for a server round-trip. When you have a stack that can do it, its a really great system. (Ex-wave, sharejs.org author) You should be aware that on the google wave team we eventually dumped the idea of 'SplitParagraph' / 'JoinParagraph'. We spent a long time trying to make them work, but eventually proved that it was impossible to make our OT system work correctly on those operations. I suspect that you'll have the same problem. I would advise you to map your 23 operations down to a much smaller set if you want to get OT working correctly. With wave, we ended up implementing 'SplitParagraph' by inserting an empty tag. We could remove that tag collaboratively (correctly), and all the OT semantics worked much better. From further down in the comment thread, Linus says that speeding this up should help other workloads too, and he's sick of using make replacements: --- +Peter oh, it's absolutely true that 'make' is a pig, and does too much, and we don't exactly help the situation by using tons of GNU make features and complex variables and various random shell escapes etc etc. So there's no question that some "makefile compiler" could optimize this all. But quite frankly, I've had my fill of random make replacements. imake, cmake, qmake, they all solve some problem, and they all have their own quirks and idiocies. So while I'd love for 'make' to be super-efficient, at the same time I'd much rather optimize the kernel to do what make needs really well, and have CPU's that don't take too long either. Because let's face it, even if the kernel build process was some super-efficient thing, real life isn't that anyway. I guarantee you that the "tons of small scripts etc" that the kernel build does is a real load somewhere totally unrelated. Optimizing page faults will help other loads.﻿ We already have this sort of eventual consistency in Derby, built on top of ShareJS. All documents (JSON objects) can be edited synchronously in the browser, and changes are automatically replicated to all other clients. If two people make a change to the same documents at the same time, the changes are merged in a way that will never conflict. For example if we both simultaneously insert into a list embedded in some part of the data model, derby sends a "list insert at position X" operation, which is seamlessly transformed & merged into the document at all sites. The insertion position is updated automatically before merging using the same logic that makes collaborative text editing in etherpad work. Except you can do it over the JSON structures that power your web app. OT also won't lose data under pressure. The biggest downsides of CRDTs are that your data ends up much bigger (although usually by a constant multiple), and nobody has figured out how to edit JSON documents using CRDTs yet. Its not all that surprising that CRDTs will be larger - imagine a stream of operations happening to a document (think about them like tiny git commits, if that helps). You can end up with a lot of changes for a small document (tens of thousands of changes for a single page of text isn't unheard of). CRDTs in effect embed the history of operations into the document, while OT stores them separately. As such, with OT you can eventually migrate the operation log to secondary storage (or throw it away). You can never really do that with CRDTs. The JSON problem is harder, and obviously very important for realtime web apps that do more than text editing. Decent CRDTs will be trivial to add to ShareJS when they're ready. When I took my first couple of (private) photos with my old galaxy nexus, my phone proudly informed me that my photos had been uploaded to Google plus. (They were marked private on plus - but the app was itching to share them with everybody.) I was shocked and horrified. It might have been fixed since then - I've become much more paranoid and turn that crap off. I made a javascript implementation of one of the wang tile papers for exactly this sort of thing: https://github.com/josephg/wangjs Unfortunately, when you render out a large square of them the results look very repetitive. Herringbone wang tiles work much better. Thats appalling. As an Australian citizen, who should I call about this to voice my objection? I setup docker for our server deployments here at lever.co. We deploy our application multiple times a day. We test our changes in our staging environment first, and its important that we deploy the exact same code to production that we tested. Its also important that we can rollback any changes we make. An application-image is the right way to do that. (With compiled dependancies and whatnot). And we could make an OS image every time we deploy code, but making a 600MB Ubuntu image to deploy a few lines of code change is ridiculous. There's certainly lots of things that docker could do better, but I haven't seen any tools that let me deploy so conveniently, easily & reliably. You've been able to buy an unlocked Moto G on amazon since not long after it came out. I assume the same will be true of its replacement. You can buy it with either the US or worldwide GSM frequencies. Interesting question. One nice feature is that markdown makes text annotations explicit and obvious. There's no hidden styling. Empty lines don't have a font size. Its obvious when a bolded region doesn't bold the spaces between words. In the Rich Hickey[1] sense, markdown is much simpler than rich text editing because all you have to worry about is the semantics of your text (this is a heading) and not how its actually styled. Weirdly, its kind of a huge throwback to LaTeX. Thinking of markdown as a "modern, simplified LaTeX for the web" seriously hits the mark. [1] http://www.infoq.com/presentations/Simple-Made-Easy I miss TermKit[1]. Its a real shame that the developer abandoned it after it got a lot of hype. There's a huge opportunity for someone to come along and make either a new terminal encoding which allows rich, interactive output or extend VT somehow to which allows the same. If you could extend the terminal protocol, you might even be able to get it to work over SSH. HTML+JS seem like the obvious way to do it - even though the web is an awful platform, its standard, cross-platform and fully featured. Its the perfect worse-is-better solution for this. I think the hardest part would be figuring out how to reconcile browser-like UI events and file streams. Maybe you'd need to make a standardized event serialization format so your process could receive serialized events via stdin or something like that. I think it'll be a really hard sell if we have to abandon our unix pipes entirely. [1] https://github.com/unconed/TermKit Previous hackernews discussion around termkit: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2559734 Of course - and thats fantastic! There's one less place that people will trust with a shared password. A very large percentage of users reuse the same password on multiple sites. If you do that, a security breach in any site will leave your password exposed on all sites. And if you're anything like me, you have an account on all sorts of tiny sites. You really can't trust the security of any startup thats less than 2 years old, or less than 5 people. Most software engineers don't know infosec well enough to implement a proper password database and protect it. Most startups are only 'secure' because they're such small threat targets that they don't have much value in attacking. However, if those small targets store username and passwords that get reused on lots of websites, everybody loses. If the 'reset password' link sends an email, users have to trust their email security anyway. If I have access to your email, I can reset your facebook, twitter, etc passwords then delete the password reset link & notification from your email account. Google is going to do a better job at password security than a 3 month old startup with 1 engineer. Absolving mozilla (or anyone else) from keeping passwords improves security. There's a great 15 minute video by CGP Grey introducing the same set of concepts that technology will contribute to unemployment: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Pq-S557XQU Its a bit pop-sciency, but its very approachable and well explained. This is by design. The node community actively encourages you to break every module into the smallest possible pieces, then make a parent module which reassembles them. This is seen as good, modular design - you end up with small pieces which can be individually tested, patched, understood, documented and maintained. Some extra effort gets pushed to developers in that when you want to do something simple, you have to trawl through dozens of small libraries which will all accomplish the goal. But those small libraries should each be readable and understandable - unlike the mammoth size of most C/C++ libraries. I asked isaacs about documentation on the way back from nodeconf this year (isaacs is the CEO of npm and former maintainer of nodejs). I asked him what he prefers when it comes to documentation of nodejs packages. He said that if your package needs anything larger than a readme, its probably too big and you should just break it up. Because SSH requires several seconds to initiate a session, even on a local LAN. Does anyone know why this is the case? Its always baffled me. I'm always confused by this stance. It presupposes that big companies like Apple and Google will at some point become bad actors in the opensource world. (They both contribute huge amounts of code). Even Microsoft is starting to open up their codebase with the release of huge parts of the .NET ecosystem. Frankly, I want the big boys on my side when it comes to opensource code. I want them to use the code I write. Usually I indirectly benefit from them using my code anyway, and they benefit, and everyone's happy. This is true even if they decide to make proprietary changes which don't get pushed upstream. I gain influence in my community and lucrative job offers. I get invited to talk at tech conferences, and my projects (present and future) attract more attention. I honestly don't see the downside here. Apple might have a change of leadership and decide to swim against the current and make LLVM proprietary, but if that happens can't we just fork it? As far as I can see, MariaDB is doing just fine. And until that happens (which will probably be never), we can get some huge compiler ecosystem improvements on Apple's dime. All opensource. Am I missing something, or is this fear of corporations totally unjustified? I love a lot of the outreach that Matasano does, but I strongly disagree with that article. Most of the points they make aren't fundamental problems of websites - they're just issues for poorly implemented websites. Some of it is out of date / plain wrong - for example, we've had a SRNG (window.crypto.getRandomValues) on the web since Chrome 11. Most of the rest of the complaints you could also reasonably level against installed apps with update mechanisms. The article compares web apps (and their update mechanism) with desktop apps (without their update mechanism). Then it points out flaws in update mechanisms in general (eg they can send you malicious code), then says the thats why the web is flawed. Yeah, nice try. The fundamental question is: How do you trust the code that I give you? No matter what platform you're on, at some level, you need to trust me. Lets say I'm writing a 'secure' todo list app. You have to trust that I'm not going to forward your todo list entries to any hooded figures. And I'm not going to change your shopping list to quietly add entries from my sponsors. Also both on the web and locally, apps can open mostly-arbitrary network connections and send any data anywhere we like. Its as simple as that. On the web, I send you code, you run my code, my code does something useful and might betray you. In native apps, I send you code (maybe via an app store or something). You run my code. My code does something useful but it might betray you. As far as I can tell there's only two fundamental weaknesses of web apps: 1. The JS isn't signed 2. The JS gets sent on every page load The combination of which makes it much more convenient to do spear-phishing type attacks. But that said, any threat that looks like "but on the web you might send malicious code to user X" is also true of other app update mechanisms. Even on the iOS App Store, nothing is stopping me from writing code which says `if (hash(username+xyz) == abc123) { send data to NSA(); }`. I can't think of any binary-downloading systems (app stores, aptget, etc) which would discover that code. And remember - desktop app code is potentially much more dangerous. Desktop apps can take photos with your webcam, record audio, record keystrokes and access every file in your home directory. Its definitely true that most web apps are poorly implemented - they dynamically load 3rd party JS and they don't use SSL / HSTS. Its also embarrassing how many desktop apps have simple buffer overflow exploits. But the solution isn't to go back to desktop apps - the solution is to push for better best practices on the web. In my opinion, the biggest security problem with the web is that most web apps store all your data in plaintext on someone else's computers. This is a problem that we we need to start addressing systematically via projects like CryptDB. Ie, we need more serious security work done on the web. Not less. Practically speaking, what verification are you talking about? Who do you imagine is verifying the security of your application binaries? I'm confused by the argument that slower app update mechanisms lead to a more secure platform. The reverse is clearly true sometimes - when a vulnerability is discovered, updating an app quickly is important. When would low latency deploys lead to less secure code? Speaking of OpenSSL, what state are the competing libraries in at the moment? I'd love a version of OpenSSL without all the potentially-insecure legacy code given all the problems its had. Are there decent implementations of OpenSSL in more secure languages like Rust? So, there's a pattern I'm noticing again and again. Whenever a startup announces a new secure communication product, extremely knowledgeable and respected people in our community write posts talking about the (awful) mistakes they've made. In the wake of the Snowden revelations, its incredibly important that we bootstrap a usable new generation of software with security at its core. But I'm worried that lots of people will be afraid to make security a core feature of their product because of the bad press they'll get if they do it a little bit wrong. Frankly the security community does not have a history of making systems that my mum can use. We really need an army of software engineers to work on fixing this problem and I don't think blog posts like this are helping. (Notable exception is Textsecure). In this case, as I understood the press release: - The QR code is used to initialize a direct (encrypted) bluetooth / wifi direct connection. Taking a picture of the QR code isn't enough to get the one-time pad. - Cameras on modern mobile phones should be able to generate more than enough entropy (even if this isn't happening yet ). But there is no discussion of these points so far. Everybody is just piling hate on the product for its failings. We need to be better than that if we want a secure app ecosystem. I haven't heard of FlatBuffers before, but it looks similar to Cap'nProto[1] (which was written by the guy who wrote protobufs). Does anyone know how they compare? [1] https://capnproto.org/ FoundationDB. Kyle didn't bother running Jepsen against FDB because foundationdb's internal testing was much more rigorous that Jepsen. The foundationdb team ran it themselves and it passed with flying colors: http://blog.foundationdb.com/call-me-maybe-foundationdb-vs-j... Sadly, fdb has been bought by Apple[1], and you can't download it anymore. I sincerely hope foundationdb gets opensourced or something. [1] http://techcrunch.com/2015/03/24/apple-acquires-durable-data... This is not quite correct. Generating a random vector using three calls to rand() is the equivalent of picking a random point inside a cube. If you normalize the points, you're effectively squishing the corners of the cube in toward the center to make a sphere. Points near the corners of the containing cube will appear more frequently than the top, bottom and 'sides'. @ginko's comment is correct - you can fix the algorithm by throwing out any points that lie outside the sphere before normalizing. It has been studied (first in 1909 by Henry Ford!). As I understand it the results agree with the original post. In short, you can use crunch time strategically to meet deadlines but you always need a recovery period afterwards. If you work 60 hour weeks, in about 4 weeks your productivity will drop lower than it was when you were working 40 hour weeks - despite putting in 50% more hours. Also many people in this burnout zone will self report that their productivity is higher than it was (and they're wrong). If you've been crunching for a month straight, you're working ineffectively and you're too tired to tell. Here's a presentation on the topic from Dan Cook, with links to papers: http://lostgarden.com/Rules%20of%20Productivity.pdf And here's a fantastic write-up of a recent quantitative study in the games industry. They looked at how the success of video games correlates with crunch time and overwork. I suspect that these results would also hold true amongst startups: http://www.gamasutra.com/blogs/PaulTozour/20150120/234443/Th... Github has a stable business model which depends on their reputation as a host. As I understand it, that isn't something that could ever be said of SourceForge. I'm not saying github will be around forever, but I highly doubt they'll make the same mistake sourceforge is making now. In my experience, its more like "get your $100, then offer you another $500". I've been offered several jobs to continue working on open source software I've written at companies where that software is being used. In all of those cases I've been allowed to continue opensourcing the changes I've made. For small projects, nobody wants to maintain their own fork. What an amazingly entitled post. Why would outside contributors call the shots? Its Apple's project; not yours. Hi! Joseph Gentle here, author of ShareJS. You quoted me in your article. You're right about OT - it gets crazy complicated if you implement it in a distributed fashion. But implementing it in a centralized fashion is actually not so bad. Its the perfect choice for google docs. Here is my implementation of OT for plain text: https://github.com/ottypes/text Note that its only 400 lines of javascript, with liberal comments. To actually use OT code like that, you need to do a little bookkeeping. Its nowhere near as bad as you suggest. In this tiny source-only demo I do all the bookkeeping, and implement a working network protocol on websockets. The result? I can sync an object between the server & client all in about 150 lines of code total: https://github.com/josephg/appstate This code has no external dependancies except for the ot type itself (ottypes/json0 in this case - although it could be changed to text or rich text or something with barely any code change). Nice work making a cool demo - but I think you're using the wrong algorithm ;) (ShareJS author here) Sorry ShareJS is such a mess right now. I did a bunch of work to make it into a kind of OT-backed database to power derbyjs. Its very much straddling two worlds at the moment and I think its doing a bad job of both. It'll get cleaned up eventually. I heard that result from reading Peopleware, although this (apparently well researched) Stackexchange answer disagrees: http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/179616/a-good... Why scan the table of precomputed values? It seems like the code would be both cleaner and faster like this: class AnimatedVariable { int numValues; std::vector values; // ... } Then: if (!mPrecomputed) { float idx = time * numValues; float before = values[idx], after = values[idx+1]; return lerp(before, after, idx - (int)idx); } I guess there's a bit of float -> int coercion going on there, but it shouldn't be too bad. Yes. Kph stands for "Kilometers per hour". Km/h is more common notation, but apparently only by a factor of 2 here in Australia. https://www.google.com.au/webhp?q=%22kph%22+site:au - 256,000 results https://www.google.com.au/webhp?q=%22km%2Fh%22+site:au - 523,000 results Joel Spolsky gave a great talk a few years ago about the design of StackOverflow. Three groups of people are involved in every question on the site: the asker, the people who answer and the people who read the answer later. Which group do you think the site is optimised for? The answer is the third group. The average SO question gets read 30 times per day. Any value captured by either of the other groups is massively dominated by the value captured by people who google the question and land on SO. Complaining about the site being harsh to question askers fundamentally misunderstands the value SO provides to the community. I'm all for websites which help beginners learn programming, but if you need 1-on-1 help to figure out why your loop is invalid, SO is the wrong site. https://hackhands.com might be a better destination. (I can't find the video on my phone - if somebody could link it below that would be great. ) Altspace ( http://altvr.com/ ) and Tilt Brush ( http://www.tiltbrush.com/ ) jump out at me. Industrial Lights and Magic has been playing with using this stuff professionally as part of their movie making process: ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeaLgPMGzkQ ). Personally I'm a little disappointed that most of the hype around VR has been explicitly focusing on the gaming aspect. The non-gaming applications of VR are much more exciting to me. I want a meditation room, where I can sit on a stormy mountain to think. I want to program in a virtual room with monitors on every surface, and pieces of code fixed in space, where I move to the code instead of the other way around. Maybe it'll work and maybe it won't - its impossible to know until the hardware gets good enough to try. Section 2 of the spec names and addresses exactly this concern: > USB hosts and devices historically trust each other. There are published attacks against USB devices that will accept unsigned firmware updates. These vulnerabilities permit an attacker to gain a foothold in the device and attack the original host or any other host to which they are later connected. For this reason WebUSB does not attempt to provide a mechanism for any web page to connect to arbitrary devices. ... > For this reason this specification outlines two mechanisms that can be combined by the UA before a site is granted access to a device. First, so that the device can protect itself from malicious sites it can provide a set of origins that are allowed to connect to it. These are similar to the [CORS] mechanism and can conceptually be thought of as treating USB devices as their own origins in the "usb" scheme. For devices manufacturered before this specificiation is adopted information about allowed origins and landing pages can also be provided out of band by being published in a public registry. Second, so that the user's privacy is protected the UA may prompt the user for authorization to allow a site to detect the presense of a device and connect to it. Similar effort, but you'll learn a lot more making 50 games. Each game will have different mechanics, require different data structures and have to be designed separately. Each game will be fun for different reasons (or fall flat for different reasons). With 50 examples your intuition for what works and what doesn't work will be better. Paul Graham could have invested a similar amount of effort over the past decade by working at one company. But by advising hundreds of startups his skillset & knowledge is much more broad and useful. And if I had a game studio, I'd hire someone who'd finished 50 games last year in a heartbeat. Apple could easily make a laptop with better battery - it would just be bigger, heavier and more expensive. Elon Musk claims the same thing about Tesla - that he could easily increase the range on Tesla's cars if they wanted to: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsixsRI-Sz4 . But with a range of ~300 miles he thinks they're fine. It'd be great if someone put together a test suite for networking equipment to test for things like this. It could give a scorecard after checking that TCP fast open, SCTP, Websockets-over-HTTP, IPv6, WebRTC and any other new networking technologies work correctly. I have no idea how to tell which routers and IDSes will silently make my network / internet connectivity crappy. Very cool. For a long time I've wanted databases to support this so I could run query 1: `SELECT ( , $querytime) FROM table1 WHERE ...;` Then based on some code in my application run a second query: `SELECT FROM table2 WHERE ... AT $querytime;` So much frontend code makes assumptions that databases aren't modified between consecutive queries (like graphql-js). With an API like this it would be trivial to make those queries correct. (And we wouldn't need to abort, and we can cross database instance boundaries in interesting ways). The timestamp is also super useful for doing isomorphic rendering of live-bound data - the server can send the timestamp of the data queries it used to render the page. When the client JS loads it can reconnect to the server and pass the rendered timestamp back to check for deltas between the rendered version and the current database view. This in turn lets you to safely cache server renders, as well as a bunch of other fun things. Hats off to the CockroachDB team! Fingers crossed some of these features start making their way into other databases I love. (Looking at you, Rethinkdb!) I would expect google to keep all financial documents inside Google Drive. In doing so, I wonder what is left in the office for the Spanish authorities to find in a raid? (Google is ruthlessly paperless internally.) I've been working on steamdance[1] for the past few years, which is a little logic simulator a lot like wireworld. The project started as a way to teach digital logic and evolved from there. (It used to be called boilerplate, but we renamed it for obvious reasons.) Its still not ready for prime time, but we've been making some cool stuff with it anyway: Simple logic gates: https://steam.dance/nornagon/logic 2 full adders: https://steam.dance/josephg/adder A compacted 8 bit adder: https://steam.dance/josephg/alu The purple boxes in the top left are dragable. Hit play to see it calculate out. [1] https://steam.dance/ Source: https://github.com/josephg/steamdance Hey, someone found those noise functions I ported to JS a few years ago! Sorry for not referencing the original code. The java version I translated from is here: http://webstaff.itn.liu.se/~stegu/simplexnoise/SimplexNoise.... And the paper describing the algorithm is here: http://webstaff.itn.liu.se/~stegu/simplexnoise/simplexnoise.... Glad it was useful to you! When I wrote it I ran that JS code through several rounds of benchmarking to try and eke out some more performance. One of the tweaks I tried was collapsing all the calculations together to use fewer variables to see if that would make it faster. Performance was totally unchanged either way. Looks like V8's optimizer eats those vars for breakfast. As someone who's written and maintained code like this, in my experience the heavy algorithmic parts themselves usually requires almost no maintenance. Its the surrounding code - the API endpoints, makefiles and test suites that need to be modernized every few years. Algorithms like this are written, then used, then better algorithms are written from scratch. Code like this also usually can't be edited piecemeal. Any change requires reloading the entire algorithm into your head before a single line is changed. And as others have mentioned, the normal way to do that is to read the paper. .. And if you do that, the paper's naming convention becomes the natural way to express the algorithm. The author describes performance problems with existing heap (malloc) implementations, then describes their own memory allocation algorithm system like this: - things of roughly similar total chunk sizes (constant + dynamic part) are stored in one "bucket", laid out contiguously in fixed-size slots, with a little leeway for growth inside - there are buckets for each existing size of a thing - if a thing outgrows the slot size of its bucket, it simply migrates to the bucket with the next bigger slot size Isn't this exactly how many (most?) modern malloc implementations work? ... A series of buckets for different sizes of objects, combined with bitfields or free lists to keep track of which slots in each bucket are free? I second this. I moved temporarily to the Bay Area from Australia. The USA has a reputation for awful food internationally but ... well, the truth is more complicated. It has terrible food and amazing food depending on where you go. As my old supervisor would say, the US has a higher standard deviation in food quality than most countries do. I've lost 8kg (15 pounds) since returning to Australia, but just thinking about deep dish pizza makes my mouth water. Its really something special. I try to go to Homeroom, Zacharies and Fentons every time I visit. > Or you could switch to Debian and get the same ease-of-use with better security. Honest question: In what ways is the security story on debian better than the security on ubuntu? Can non-german residents apply if we're willing & able to move to Germany for 6 months? Thanks @wolfgke and @pudo. I asked on twitter and they said it'd be fine: https://twitter.com/prototypefund/status/760086652815564800 I've played with this problem on and off over the last few years. ShareDB[1] is powered by JSON OT[2], in which each change describes the meaning behind what you're trying to do. (For example, 'increment counter' is different from 'change counter from 2 to 3'. They look the same, but behave differently in the case of conflicts). Just knowing what changed often isn't enough to do proper resolution. I've spent years on and off playing with a better, faster, stronger version of the JSON OT code[1] which also supports arbitrary object reparenting. You run into problems where you really want conflicts as well. For example, given {x:{}, y:{}} user A moves x into y, and user B moves y into x. There's no good solution to resolving this without more information or conflict markers & humans. Doing this in a P2P setting is hard & interesting. Very cool stuff though! [1] https://github.com/share/sharedb [2] https://github.com/ottypes/json0 [3] https://github.com/josephg/json1 Can someone explain the significance of this? I'm confused. I use dozens of iOS apps which are built on react-native (BSD). Signal messenger (which I use daily) is GPLv3 licensed. And I don't know about the client code but I bet 95% of the apps I use depend on GPL code on the servers which power them. The majority of Apple's stack is opensource, too. Take a look through http://opensource.apple.com/ some time. The kernel and huge swathes of their ecosystem are opensource. I'm writing this comment in chrome, which has millions of lines of opensourced webkit code in it, written by paid Apple engineers. And compiled in clang/llvm, which is developed, maintained by Apple. Oh, and its opensource too. I'm totally confused by the argument that Apple hates opensource. They depend on it. They give back. They're a good citizen. They just aren't huge fans of the GPL, but so what? Neither am I. Neither is Rust (MIT), or Golang (BSD) or the NodeJS community (90%+ BSD/ISC). Opensource simply doesn't need the GPL to bloom in today's world. I have about 20gb of messages in gmail that I'm considering moving too. But really, I can't think of a single time I've needed to look at a message that was more than a couple of years old. Running your own email server, getting around spam blockers and blocking incoming spam all sounds like a pain. My plan is to move to fastmail but and only migrate across the last year or so of messages. Google's data liberation front[1] lets you download the complete data set as an archive. Then I'll just import the most recent year into fastmail (or one of the competitors) and ask google to delete its copy of my mail archive. [1] https://takeout.google.com/settings/takeout > I think he had a point that when you let government control something it is the worst kind of monopoly and the quality is bound go down the drain. Whether it VA affairs, public education or IRS. Thats not necessarily true. Certainly outside the US there are many, many public institutions which do fantastic work. The ABC here in Australia and the BBC in the UK produce great television. The ACCC (Australian Competition and Consumer Commission) are highly regarded here, as was CSIRO before the government gutted their funding (CSIRO is an Australian government research group which invented parts of wifi). I don't know if the reputation US government agencies have for incompetence is real or due to media spin, but the problem is obviously not inevitable . To quote Bill Clinton: "The problem with ideology is that it gives you the answer before you've asked the question". > that barely seems like enough to pay for the hardware to deal with 10+ million visitors in one evening. Really? The specs: The online census form was a pretty simple client side app. I'm going to say, I could whack something together in much less than 200k of JS. For each household the site needs to: 1. Serve the client side app. The app had no images beside the ABS header. I'll be generous and say 200k of static assets including the client side JS. 2. Accept & validate the code households received on their postal forms 3. Save the final result (a single record) back to the databases. A single append operation. Being generous, 20k of JSON data per household. When I filled in the census on Thursday night I noticed it made no effort to normalize addresses or anything else. Umless I'm missing something (or IBM turned off half the features after the DOS) the site was that simple . 1. 200k of static assets * 10 million households = 2TB of traffic. AWS would serve 2TB of traffic out of cloudfront for a whopping $200. If you don't trust 'the public cloud' your self-run data center could serve a tiny payload which downloaded the JS from cloudfront and verified its hash before running it. Or just serve all 2TB of traffic directly. 2. Accepting the unique code on the posted form is easy - just have a few servers which store the database of all posted codes in RAM and respond with 'yes' or 'no'. The codes for 10M households will fit in less than a gig of ram. 2. Saving the final result is pretty trivial. You need to accept 200 gigs of JSON data in an append-only journal. The peak write load would be around 4 million requests / hour, or cumulative ~1000 writes per second, or ~20MB/second of data. For an append-only store backed by an SSD this isn't much load at all. If the numbers weren't so low I'd suggest using a hand-written journal, but honestly most off the shelf databases could handle this write load without breaking a sweat. And you could easily shard it if you wanted to, and just aggregate back the data after its been collected. (You might want to actively geo-replicate the data immediately too, while its being collected just in case something happens). In total, I'd feel comfortable running this entire site out of a few dedicated machines in just about any data center in the country. If you're feeling paranoid geo-replicate it, and actively stream received census submissions to a couple offsite backup locations. Total whiteboarding time: about 20 minutes. Might make a good interview question. Of course IBM was also paid for consultancy time, and engineering time to design & implement the site itself, but even factoring in healthy margins I can't help but feel our government was ripped off by a factor of ~10-20x. > whereas OT is generally too complicated and unproven to offer that guarantee at all. Citation needed. I've built several production-level OT-based systems on top of ShareJS's JSON OT[1] code. The set of operations supported is guaranteed to be conflict-free and correct. We don't have AGDA proofs but we've used fuzzers to ferret out correctness bugs and its been about 2 years since a bug was found in the transform code. All in all, I'm very happy with the implementation. Meanwhile, I don't believe a more generic JSON OT / CRDT system can be made conflict-free. (Well it can be conflict-free, but you'll lose data if it is). If you support arbitrary tree-level moves, you have the User A moves x into y's children, user B moves y into x's children problem. There are simply no good ways to resolve these operations without user intervention, or a lot more knowledge of the data structures at play. [1] https://github.com/ottypes/json0 Yes thats me! For what its worth, I no longer believe that wave would take 2 years to implement now - mostly because of advances in web frameworks and web browsers. When wave was written we didn't have websockets, IE9 was quite a new browser. We've come a really long way in the last few years. Working offline and working in a distributed setting are two different properties. OT can work very well offline - the client and server just buffer ops and you do reconciliation. Some OT algorithms experience O(n*m) performance when the client comes back online (n client ops, m server ops), though the constant is quite low, you can make the client do the work. But you can do better - a better designed text reconciliation system can do O(nlog(n) + mlog(m)) if I remember correctly - which is quite usable in real systems and very competitive with CRDTs.) P2P is much harder. I've got a sketch for a system that would use OT in a P2P setting, but in many ways its a poor man's CRDT. That said, the downside of CRDTs is that they grow unbounded as you make more modifications. Which would work great for documents that are written then discarded (like a HN thread). But it would work much less well for long lived, frequently written documents (like a server status dashboard). You can fix that using fancy coordination algorithms, but if you're going down that path you're back to sketching out an overcomplicated OT system. There's lots of fun space to explore there - but not enough actual useful systems being made for production use. I'm jealous. I've had it show up in production. I think we were using script tags with sanitized JSON to re-hydrate an isomorphically rendered page. Of course, a user entered one of the valid json, invalid JS characters in a field, which made its way into our database. Once there we started having weird errors show up between the frontend and client. That little gem took us days to track down. JSON should be either a subset of javascript, or obviously not a subset of javascript. 99% compatible systems are dangerous landmines. That you haven't been blown up yet doesn't make it ok. The reality is that today nobody is responsible for data security. Developers foist the risk onto consumers, who don't have any real choice in the matter, and don't even know what the real risk profile is that they (we) are agreeing to. If you accept that somebody, somewhere needs to be held responsible for data breaches, the most sensible party is us. We have all the domain knowledge and we're the only ones who can actually protect our user's data. And I say this as someone who's spent time in consulting. The prices would necessarily go up in the face of litigation. But I think it would be well worth it - I'd love to be able to financially justify taking extra time to make the systems I build secure. (I make systems secure anyway of course, but I'm competing with companies packed full of General Assembly grads who don't know what a hashing function is yet.) Courts aren't up to date on medicine either, but they manage to preside over malpractice cases somehow. I'm sure if technical malpractice graced their courtrooms regularly they would manage somehow. Probably by relying on expert witnesses and learn the bits and pieces of jargon they need to know. > Doesn't seem to line up very well with "Move fast and break things" When it comes to security around my personal data, I don't want anyone to move fast or break things. Businesses should either not bulk collect identifiable data or treat it with the care and diligence it deserves. And while we're at it if 20 year old self taught rockstar programmers don't have the skills to do that, maybe they should learn. If you're making web software which stores personal information and you can't name 5 of the OWASP top 10 without looking them up, you're a privacy time bomb. I want my personal data far far away from your product. When it comes to security, move slowly and fix your shit. I'm not the parent, but I've been burned in the same way. In an ideal world, yes - that would be the right way to handle the situation. In a company you'd want to do that, and probably give the programmer a mentor who can do code reviews and whatnot. Unfortunately thats: - Thats a complicated conversation to have at the best of times. With volunteers over the internet its much harder to organise 1-on-1s. - A huge time sink. Usually I could make the changes themselves in less time than it would take me to explain the changes to a junior developer. Its especially hard to justify for projects I have in maintenance mode, where I don't want to spend time working on project features at all. Long term hopefully the time investment will pay off, but they'll probably disappear long before then. - Honestly, its also not that much fun. I contribute to opensource projects because I like making things. Managing people doesn't rub that itch. I'm not saying I have a better solution. But faced with a stream of mediocre PRs from an enthusiastic new contributor that you don't have time to review, what do you do? Abandoning the project to the new contributor sounds pretty reasonable to me. I disagree with the use of lots of small 1 line functions, especially when doing algorithmic work. As the article mentioned, the thing you spend most of your time doing is reading. Using lots of small functions means you have to bounce all over your codebase to figure out whats actually going on. In procedural languages a complex 'meaty' function often needs to be understood in one conceptual bite. Needing to bounce all over the codebase to figure out what those little functions are actually doing is hugely distracting while I'm trying to read. I often start those big functions with a block comment explaining what I want the computer to do ("// The overall goal is X, which needs Y and Z to be true. There are 4 cases to consider: A, B, C and D through which these invariants need to be true..."). Then I write the code. The code itself will be delineated with comments calling back to the documentation ("// Case B - the wendigo. Note we're being careful here to make sure that x is always Often separate cases are cleanly distinct enough that it makes sense to extract them into their own functions, but sometimes they're not. And thats ok too. In a sense you want to split things up based on how you expect to read it. If I have lots of tiny functions that are only used once or twice, I'm probably going to forget what they actually do and need to read them to understand the code that calls them. In that case, the code should just be inlined. Sure, but that totally depends on context. A function called `renderFooter()` is great, even if its just 1 line. I know exactly what thats going to do. But a call to `setImpulse(spaceship, 0, somevar)` might just set member variables ximpulse and yimpulse, or it might make a bunch of calls to the physics engine, or both, or something else entirely. If I'm trying to understand some code that calls setImpulse I'll probably end up looking it up just to be sure. So in that case, if it does just set the member variables I'd prefer to just write `spaceship.ximpulse = 0; spaceship.yimpulse = somevar;`. Same thing, but less work to read. I've been thinking about this a lot recently, and I'm convinced we need a Storm[1]-like architecture for databases. Something which would allow views / denormalization / indexing to run in separate processes. Preferably in the same language the app developers speak. And at the same time be part of the database transaction logic - triggered idempotently by the database so you always see a consistent view of the data no matter how you update & query it. (You can do this efficiently with MVCC if you proxy queries through the indexer / denormalizer / view logic / whatever you want to call it). I've scattered some more thoughts about this here, but its a big topic: https://josephg.com/blog/composing-databases/ [1] http://storm.apache.org/ When an update happens the trick is going to be figuring out an update mechanism for the derived data without needing to run more queries. You're probably right - in the general case thats really hard to do automatically. But lots of aggregate values can be calculated based on an update without reference to the original set. `SUM()` and `MEAN()` are easy. `MAX()` and `MEDIAN()` are hard. In the case of the notification count query from blog post, you can do that efficiently with 3 map reduces: 1. Given a list of `(message, room, timestamp)` triples, generate `(room, max(timestamp))` tuples. In general max is expensive to calculate, but in this case the message collection is immutable, and the rule to update max(timestamp) when an edit happens doesn't need any extra processing based on an insert. 2. Given `(room, message_timestamp, read_timestamp)` generate `(room, message_timestamp > read_timestamp)`. Easy. 3. Then a reduce to calculate the sum. One of the things I really like about the multi-process architecture is the diversity of solutions we should have access to here. Right now your data lives in one vendor's system. Its really hard to use a map-reduce job if your primary data store doesn't support it. And map reduces might be too complicated for simple workloads - so with small data sets you might want something simpler. With this architecture different vendors could provide different indexing systems and you could swap them out as your requirements / data size changes. Finally as for consistency, I've got a bunch of ideas of different ways to make it work. Its not so bad because its not a generic graph or consensus problem. Its just a DAG. You can give each primary store a unique name and version using vector clocks. (If each primary store is itself distributed thats fine - just use whatever versioning system the primary store uses as the value for that database in the vector clock.) Then when a query comes in that needs to hit both an index and a primary store, pick the most recent database version and query asking for the result set at that version. You'll need some MVCC to make it work - but thats a solvable problem. If the named version is too new for the index, the query stalls until the index sees the corresponding update from the primary store. If the version is too old (and its expired out of the MVCC working set) then we punt back to whatever is running the query and it retries. The whole system is much simpler than a distributed consensus problem because each node in the DAG can be thought of as authoritative, even if they're individually implemented as a small redundant set. Right, which we need to solve through better ways of curating projects as a community. Browsing through 20 different options in npm trying to guess which ones are good is not a scalable way to build software. The long term answer isn't to have fewer options or barriers to entry for new frameworks. The right solution is to make better ways to browse and select between all the options we have available. Can we curate libraries algorithmically? Or do we need people to do it? (And if so what should their tools look like?) Huh - I wonder if you could use that as leverage during pay negotiation. "Oh, you don't have any other women on staff? You need to know that thats going to be sort of rough for me, in complicated gross ways. I'll still do it, but only if you pay me an extra 10% compensation pay on top of what you were otherwise going to pay me. (Which you can stop doing as soon as you hire another woman)." > ... but had I not had such a great employer ... > despite my submission being anonymous, shortly after submitting it, a superior had a meeting with me I'm glad you had a good experience, but a great employer wouldn't have lied to you about the survey being anonymous. There's a middleground between those extremes. There's lots of knowledge that isn't relevant most of the time, but when it is relevant its worth its weight in gold. (And often these things aren't so obvious that people will google search them.) When I'm trying to evaluate a candidate, I want people who proactively search out knowledge in that middle zone. People who understand complexity theory, and CPU caching behaviour, and the C10k/C10M problem just because they know they might need it some day. Because they want to work on problems where this stuff is relevant. This sort of knowledge is the difference between hearing "our website is slow - I think its the database?" and "our website is slow - I took a look and our database server has run out of open file handles. But I'm still confused - that shouldn't explain the latency we're seeing." The CAP theorem is a great example of this sort of middleground might-be-useful knowledge. Understanding how your database will behave in the face of network partitions is exactly the sort of thing that separates good engineers from great ones. Larry and Sergey tried selling their pagerank engine to Yahoo back in 1998, before they formed Google. Yahoo wasn't interested. They founded google as a fallback plan after being turned down. Subpixel rendering would give the font 3x the horizontal resolution. Its just as useful for bitmap fonts as it is for vector fonts. Especially at that resolution, anything that makes the font more legible would be a boon. I know its trendy right now to hate on the removal of the 35mm headphone jack but this comment is simply false. You can charge it while using the headphone jack - you just need a silly dongle or a dock to do it. http://www.belkin.com/au/p/P-F8J198/ http://www.apple.com/au/shop/product/MGRM2AM/A/iphone-lightn... Because the trust model on phones is different. On old UNIX mainframes the trust model had 2 kinds of actors: - System administrators - Users The biggest security concern was one user getting access to the files of another user on the same system. The sysadmin decided which applications to trust (and most of them were either opensource or made by big companies, so we didn't have to worry about application developers doing nasty things). As a result, applications just ran with all the permissions of the user who started them. They could do anything that the user themselves were allowed to do, like read all your files, open a network connection and send your secrets out over the internet. But so long as users didn't run any dodgy programs it was (mostly) fine. All modern desktop operating systems inherit that system. But over the last couple decades three things have changed: - Computers got so cheap that now everyone has their own - There are more apps than ever, and some of them are malicious - There aren't enough sysadmins to save grandma Modern phones we have a much better security model, which they inherited from the web. There are two changes: - Multiuser support is gone at an application level. - Apps are sandboxed from one another to protect you and your data from malicious apps. The way they do that is by isolating each app on the phone so no app can read&write to any of the data owned by another app. For example, if you use google docs then by necessity you have to trust the docs app with your documents. But thats it! The google docs app doesn't get to access to your facebook login information. And the facebook app doesn't have access to your google account. If you had equivalent native apps on your desktop, these apps would be able to read one another's files! But rooting your phone (at least partially) ruins all that! Rooting (by definition!) gives some 3rd party apps the capacity to access data stored by other apps on your device, which ruins the phone's security model. The reason why some manufacturers (like apple) take a hardline stance against rooting is that if rooting your phone was easy, some app developers would undoubtably decide they'll only function on rooted devices. (This happens on android today for wifi sniffers and stuff like that.) If enough apps do that, the manufacturers will feel pressure to make it easy to disable app sandboxing, which will result in more and more apps wanting "Full permissions on your phone". People will mash "yes" on the install box (nobody reads that stuff anyway) and before you know it there'll be malware on your phone reading your email and threatening to send porn to your boss on your behalf if you don't pay up. DDoS attacks will come from phones, and will cripple the mobile network. And to fix all that norton will release an android version which will start scanning your phone for viruses at the worst possible moment of that show you like on netflix. And that is why rooting your phone is hard. The const keyword makes the object reference constant. It doesn't make the object's value constant. You can change the contents of 'info' (info.push(5) is fine). You just can't change which object the variable points to. (info = [] will throw). If you know C/C++, the code 'const info = []' makes 'info' a constant pointer to a list not a pointer to a constant list . If you want to stop a variable from being changed, use Object.freeze() - https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/JavaScript/Referen... I picked up a wacom tablet + mischief[1] a couple years ago as a digital whiteboarding solution for classroom teaching. It supports arbitrary zooming and infinite panning - so you never have to delete anything, but can just keep moving around and 'finding' more fresh space to write in. I have a really hard time going back to normal whiteboards now given how limited they are. (And photos of the whiteboard after a meeting are really nowhere near as good as an editable source file you can pass around). Since moving back to engineering work I've started using it for talks, brainstorming and architecture reviews. Eg, this is what a solo few days of project planning & brainstorming looked like recently - https://josephg.com/mischief.png . But in meetings it lacks multiplayer - only one person can hold the tablet at a time, and the interface is nowhere near as intuitive as a real whiteboard. The software is also kind of awful - it idles on 5% CPU usage for no apparent reason, and I've lost work on numerous occasions from it crashing without autosaving (!!). The mac version feels like a bad port of a windows program. The tool itself frustrates me enough that I'll probably end up writing a collaborative online version on top of sharejs, even if I'm the only person who uses it. (It'd be much easier to do now that pointer events[2] are being supported in more browsers. Safari developers - hate the API all you like, but we really need an interface for tablets somehow!) [1] https://www.madewithmischief.com/ [2] http://caniuse.com/#feat=pointer Yep, they already exist for the macbook: http://grff.in/breaksafe I know because I ordered one a couple hours ago. (... The first of many silly dongles I'm going to need for my new MBP.) I'm honestly not surprised. The 13" model looks like a great replacement for my now 4 year old 11" air. Its thankfully not much heavier, but with increased screen space, retina display, battery life improvement and support for 2 external 4k displays. I've been holding out because until now all the apple laptops on offer have required huge compromises for me. The macbook is too gutless (expecially its GPU which apparently can't drive big external displays smoothly). The recent airs still don't have retina displays and the old macbook pros are so big and heavy. After owning an 11" air I can't imagine travelling with the previous generation 15" mbp. The only downside is the exorbitant price. But to replace a machine I've used just about every day for 4 years I can easily justify the cost. And I hope (and expect) the price to drop over the next few years. The air, macbook and retina mbp all started out pretty expensive and then dropped steadily over the lifetime of the design. This is a problem, but only for users of the 15" model. The 13" pro (both versions) will only draw 60 watts. https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT207256 I moved from Android to iOS last year for this exact reason. Using android over a few versions felt like a slow slippery slope of access prompts giving permission for google to use ever more personal data about me and my phone. The final straw for me was learning that google uploads and stores audio recordings of everything I've ever said into google now[1]. A year ago when I got my iphone I deleted all of the historical voice data that google stored. Just now, In the process of finding the google activity link below, I've learned that all my deleted voice clips have magically undeleted themselves. I've been very happy with iOS - there's some little UI gripes, but for me the biggest feature is Tim Cook standing up to the US government on behalf of privacy. I'm convinced that as an organisation Google just doesn't understand what privacy is or why its important to people. With all the new deep app intelligence features in android, I shudder to think about simply how much data google might be storing about its users. I'm very happy to be out. [1] https://myactivity.google.com/myactivity?product=29 The threat model isn't google. And I believe that google's engineers are more than up to the task of protecting their servers from everyday hackers. The threat I'm worried about is the surveillance arm of the US government. The small glimpses we've seen are frightening - for example, they spliced a cable between two google data centers and recorded (some? all?) of the traffic travelling between them. This particular hole has since been plugged (google encrypts between-data-center traffic now), but we simply don't know what the US government's capabilities are. This isn't paranoia stuff - they really do this kind of thing. And even if google manages to 'go dark' to the NSA, the US government can just legally demand access to all of our data. And block google from telling us that the data intrusion happened. Its funny you mention FUD. Fear, Uncertainty and Doubt is exactly how I feel about trusting google (and by extension the US government) with every email, search, voice, in-app text in android, phone call and so on that I've ever made. As a non-US citizen, I have even fewer protections and I can't fight this politically. But I can give my money to Apple instead. So thats what I do. I have a 6s+. With light usage my phone will often last a full 3 days between charges. How about while idle? It seems like you'd still need a fair bit of power to refresh them, but I'd be interested to see the actual numbers. For comparison the 13" MacBook Pro has a 50wh battery, so apple's 10 hour battery claim depends on the machine averaging 5 watts of power consumption during normal use. Adding 1 watt of consumption would reduce the battery life by 2 hours. Based on past performance, Apple will update the iMac and Mac mini at some point next year. New laptop designs usually launch at a crazy premium (the MacBook air and 2015 MacBook were both super expensive at launch and came down in price with each update.) The MacBook Pro will almost certainly do the same. Whether the trash can Mac Pro gets an update is anyone's guess. 6 months ago I wrote a couple little scripts to download new unsplash into a directory every 6 hours. Then I pointed macos to use random images from that directory for wallpapers. The whole thing is great - its a source of tiny delight throughout my week. Its also a small step toward making my workspace feel more hackable . The whole thing was super hacked together - I'm sure there's nicer solutions around but I'm plenty happy with what I have. Details here if anyone wants to copy what I did: https://josephg.com/blog/shiny-background-images/ I suspect the good sales come from a lot of people (like myself) who have simply been holding out for a long time for a new Apple laptop. The macbook is the only laptop Apple has which has been updated this year. Until the new macbooks came out most of apple's line has been using quite old hardware (the old pro and airs hadn't been updated in nearly 2 years). Unsurprisingly the sales of the pro and air lines have been pretty flat for awhile. Lots of people have been complaining online that the new macbook pro isn't a 'pro' machine because it sacrifices performance for portability. The new macbook pro is really the spiritual successor to the macbook air laptops with upgraded hardware. Another way of thinking about it is that instead of making a faster pro, apple made the pro smaller and gave it great battery life. There's a very vocal segment of the macbook pro market who's really mad about this. And fair enough - Apple is genuinely no longer catering to the market segment who want a powerhouse you can lug between meetings. But the sales numbers clearly show those users are a minority. For all the noise, almost nobody needs 32 gigs of ram[1]. (Really, most people don't need more than 8.) I think the majority of users just want a decently performing laptop (check) which looks good (check), is small and light (check) and has great battery life and a decent screen (check and check). ... And doesn't come pre-installed with all the awful manufacturer software you get on modern windows laptops. I had a look at one in the shop yesterday - the new 13" macbook pro is barely bigger than my old 11" air. Except for the price the new machine is exactly what I want in a replacement laptop. And this is the first laptop apple has released in years for which I can say that - the new macbook is too gutless, the air has a crappy screen and the old pro line was too heavy. Except for the price, I think apple has released a fantastic product. [1] https://www.zdziarski.com/blog/?p=6355 That can be implemented with a simple switch statement. Or using node's built in eventemitters in two lines: const e = new EventEmitter(); socket.on('message', msg => e.emit(msg.data.type, msg.data)); Also websockets have far better server and client support. There's websocket implementations in basically every major language as well as most popular load balancers on the market today. When socket.io first came out it was very needed. But now websockets are supported in all major browsers, including mobile: http://caniuse.com/#search=websockets I can second this. I spent 2 months fielding bug reports against ShareJS all caused by terrible design mistakes in socket.io. I ended up being forced to write my own long polling library[1] just because of how unstable socket.io was. But today anyone building new applications should use websockets. Browser support is excellant, speed is great, firewall penetration is fantastic if you run your site on HTTPS. You gain cross-server language compatibilty, you avoid socket.io's awful design decisions around reconnection, error handling and code quality. [1] https://github.com/josephg/node-browserchannel > unfourtanatly professional users are the minority and the Pro is supposed to cater to this minority. Most professionals don't need a more powerful machine. I certainly don't - I've been using a 4 year old macbook air for development work (with 8 gigs of ram) since 2012. Honestly, its been fine. The biggest problem I have developing on it is (surprisingly) SSD speed. > which is great for people who need mobility, however those people are probably going to buy an Air anyway. The air is being discontinued. The 13" pro-without-touch-bar is the upgrade path for air users who need something more powerful than the 12" macbook. You're talking about a light layer on top of websockets to implement a request/response protocol. This can be done pretty trivially on top of websockets in dozens of ways, though if what you want is request/response you should consider using HTTP directly. You never have to "build it again for every project" if you put your code in npm. But I guarantee you there are dozens of libraries like this in npm already. (Just like there are dozens of libraries to do exponential reconnect backoff.) The right approach is to build / use light layers on top of websockets to solve these problems. Socket.io is the wrong solution. Its the wrong solution for every problem. Aussie dev here with a similar story. I lived and worked in the bay area for a couple of years a few years ago. I wouldn't choose to go back there either, especially now. And I have Australian friends in the bay area now who are reconsidering which country they want their tax dollars to go to. Here's what I wrote about it when I left: https://josephg.com/blog/goodbye-sf/ As a web developer, I honestly hope the author of this post is wrong. Performance of modern web apps is simply awful compared to their native counterparts by any measure. They load slowly and consistently feel sluggish in comparison to proper native apps. Slack takes seconds to load and it'll happily sit on over a gig of ram while in use. (And remember, its a glorified IRC client.) Web apps only have two benefits over native apps: 1. They're easier to build in a cross-platform way, because you just have to make the app once 2. Users don't need to install anything I hope in the long run we solve both of those problems for native apps and move back to writing applications which don't depend on a DOM implementation to run. React-native is a great step toward solving (1). I hope that in time we can have modern (reactish), good looking cross-platform toolkit for native app development. But the biggest hurdle is (2), which very few people are attacking. App stores have helped a lot, but we need to be able to run native apps without installing anything. It should be as easy as it is on the web. Unfortunately native app authors usually assume all their assets are bundled. Nobody even thinks about how long it takes from the point when a user decides to install an app to when they see the first content. On the web we count that time in milliseconds and on native apps we count minutes. There aren't any hard technical problems there - we obviously manage it on the web, so its easily possible. We need native apps to catch up if they are ever going to be able to compete as a platform. Why? Because building hack on top of hack is convenient, but terrible craftsmanship. The web today is a red hot mess of overlapping standards and inconsistent APIs. Google chrome is up to ~20M lines of code now, which makes it bigger than the linux kernel (with every device driver). Its basically a small virtualised operating system at this point. How many more lines of code do you think it'll take for chrome to feel fast and light again? Is it possible to achieve that by adding code, forever? And then to work around all the cruft in browsers we have frameworks like react - conceptually beautiful but which do layout by diffing thousands of DOM elements through javascript. The stack is a mess, and I don't see any direction it can possibly go but fatter, bigger and uglier than ever before. Forever. Surprisingly, this is a fate native apps have avoided. And in avoiding that fate new laptops have amazing battery life and work great. Well, until you open chrome or slack that is. > Customers don't install apps for the most part. Why try to solve for that? I don't write code for customers. I do it because as a kid I fell in love with the craft. I just... didn't fall in love with programming for this. Nope nope nope I want off the train before I throw up. My point is that the technical problems have been solved. That is to say, there aren't any new, difficult CS problems we have to figure out before we can bring the desktop up to par. Instead solving this problem will 'just' require tons of work. We need to improve our compilation toolchains to allow native apps to load progressively. We'll need better ways to monitor and analyse application size & performance. We'll need new libraries and we'll need buy in from vendors. And as thats going on we need to convince developers to actually care about this stuff. Again, all these problems have been solved for the web. We 'just' need to backport all that stuff to native apps. No question there's lots of work to do. But its all (obviously) solvable with code. The desktop is (slowly) making inroads on that front through app sandboxing, backported from mobile operating systems like ios and android. I really look forward to being able to run native apps on my desktop without worrying about the network & filesystem access they have. I've spent the last 4 years doing development from a 2012 macbook air with 8 gigs of ram. Its been totally fine, except when I've got a million chrome tabs open. (Declaring bankrupcy and closing them all at once feels great though.) The posted article is about a mac version of visual studio. Coincidentally, visual studio only runs in 32 bit mode and hence can only make use of 4 gigs of ram total: https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ricom/2015/12/29/revisiting... The article is worth reading. They (correctly) have kept asking "why does VS need more ram than that?" and just optimize the code when the footprint grows bigger. And I'm genuinely confused by all these people complaining about 16 gigs of ram not being enough. If you have a laptop today with 16 gigs of ram, have a look. Do you actually run out of ram while working? (And if so, what on earth are you running?). It looks like its genuinely hard to fill 16 gigs without chrome or slack running. Look at all the stuff you can fit in that much ram: https://www.zdziarski.com/blog/?p=6355 I'm also a big fan of pushing app developers to fix their cruft. Maybe in 2016 its not ok to have apps that suck up as much ram as possible. Maybe app developers shouldn't write super inefficient software just because next year we'll have bigger computers anyway. Maybe if you're writing software (any kind of software) that really does need more than 16 gigs of ram to work effectively you should fix your shitty code instead of demanding everyone buy new computers. The atari 2600 had 128 bytes of RAM, and played all sorts of cool games. The original X-Box had 64MB of ram and ran Halo. Maybe its not apple's fault that your fancy 3d graphics program can't work properly in 'only' 16 gigabytes of ram. (Especially given there's 2 gigabytes/second of SSD bandwidth available on those new machines. Yummy!) I love the fact that the new machines are small and portable. The hardware is more than capable of doing everything I need it to do. The only barrier to all day battery life now is crappy software. https://steam.dance/ I've been poking at this for 4 or 5 years now. It started as a simple simplified air pressure simulator for teaching logic programming. But now you can make all sorts of stuff with it, like logic gates, adders and I'm working on a replica 4004. (Links below) The website is awful for new users - It doesn't work on mobile, there's no tutorial and no real documentation on how to use the editor. Instead of fixing that I'm working on making a dedicated puzzle game built around the engine to teach all the concepts up to and including getting players to build their own CPUs. The backend is powered by a FRP compiler, which I'm really happy with. You can have huge steam powered worlds and incrementally edit parts of them, and it does fancy incremental recompilation. Logic gates: https://steam.dance/nornagon/logic 2 full adders: https://steam.dance/josephg/adder Miniaturised 8 bit ALU: https://steam.dance/josephg/alu Work in progress CPU: https://steam.dance/josephg/4004_4 It should work in chrome - thats what I've been developing it in. Play button in the top left will make the simulations go. Can somebody please explain the significance of this? unwrap is proper error handling. It says "Try to do this. If it fails, panic". Its like an assert on an invariant that the compiler requires. If my script depends on a database connection, I might connect to a database and unwrap() it so the script errors out if the database isn't available. If I wrote that logic myself I would just be awkwardly rewriting unwrap. Thats fair. I said script for that reason. A better example would be assert equivalents - if an API could return null (Option) under normal circumstances but you know it can never be null based on how you're using it, unwrap() makes sense. That contract could only be violated if there's a bug in the implementation. If thats the case all guarantees are out the window and usually the best / only thing you can do is to crash and allow the process to restart. Also in those case (in my experience) having a human-readable error message is rarely useful. When assertions are violated I almost always have to consult the code anyway. And 80% of my asserts are never hit. I usually don't bother preemptively writing decent error messages. File name and line number is the right information, and panic provides that anyway. Awesome - I moved across to fastmail a couple of days ago. I've been using a custom domain for email for awhile (josephg.com), merged with a gmail account. I'm very happy I set that up because moving to fastmail was a cinch - there's no forwarding to do, just a few DNS records to reconfigure. And with a custom domain I'll have that email address for life, no matter what happens to fastmail. My gmail account (josephg@) gets a tremendous amount of email for other people. Earlier this year I was getting a lot of marketing trash from a particularly excited group of car dealerships in Illinois. Around the same time youtube suspiciously started advertising new cars to me. Its all way too creepy, and reading articles like this about people's gmail accounts getting locked out I'm very happy to reinforce my digital independence from google. It would be easy to setup a backup system where all backups are encrypted with a set of randomly generated keys. (1 key for each user/service pair or something). The keys are going to be (relatively) tiny, so they could be kept on non-archival storage. If a user's data needs to be deleted for whatever reason, simply discard the user's corresponding encryption keys. That way you can effectively wipe the user's archive without needing to touch the tapes themselves. Yep. iCloud security is fantastic. Here's a write up on how the keychain security works: https://tidbits.com/article/14557 It involves hardware security modules, cross-device crypto signing and other fun stuff. Apple cannot access the data they store about you on their servers. From Apple's documentation: Apple designed iCloud Keychain and Keychain Recovery so that a user’s passwords are still protected under the following conditions: - A user’s iCloud account is compromised. - iCloud is compromised by an external attacker or employee. - Third-party access to user accounts. > In other words, full root exploit of the phone from the NVMe JTAG pins. Sure, except the data on the device will be encrypted. The keys are kept in the iphone's tamper resistant security enclave. Android and iOS both have full disk encryption enabled out of the box these days. (On iOS I don't think you can disable it.) A few years ago I ported some efficient perlin noise generation into javascript to play with it. Here's a really simple visualisation of what perlin noise actually looks like: http://josephg.github.io/noisejs/demo3d.html (This is actually a 3d simplex noise function, where the z axis is mapped to time. Simplex noise is a variant on perlin noise. Perlin noise is also in the repo but I don't have a demo of it online.) Repo: https://github.com/josephg/noisejs I do this. I told the CS rep that my password hint was "just random characters mashed on the keyboard" and she accepted this and moved on. I'm not sure what to think of the security implications. Yeah the weird thing is, despite being easy to circumvent these sort of measures are often very effective! So long as using a VPN requires any baseline of knowledge, technical skill and effort, I expect 90%+ of criminals won't do it. I've been nursing a theory for a long time that modern society has an accidental saving grace. And that is, if you're competent, its usually better to just not commit crime. Think about it - any criminal can learn lockpicking today via the internet, but few do. Why? Because if you're capable of investing time and energy into honing a skill, you may as well do something above board. Don't break and enter - become a locksmith instead. Don't manage a team of criminals - become a manager at a company. It pays better. Its less risky. There's more services and social support available. You won't go to jail . You can have friends who aren't criminals. And because of that the people who are left committing the vast majority of crime do so in part because they're not good at long term planning. Which is something law enforcement takes complete advantage of. So, almost no petty criminals are going to know about VPNs. They aren't going to commit to a monthly subscription to a VPN provider. They won't set up a PP2P tunnel on their phone and laptop. Why? Again because if they knew to do that sort of stuff they could probably hold down a stable job in low level tech support. Obviously there's exceptions to this, but the bread and butter of law enforcement isn't bank heists. Its someone who's drunk. Its someone who smashed a window and stole some money because they want to get high. Or stole a phone out of someone's hand and ran off with it. Or went out with the boys to beat someone up "who had it coming". When the (then) Australian minister for communication introduced record keeping laws for ISPs he told people they can bypass it a number of ways. Lots of people were confused by that - but it makes sense. The aim isn't to record data from us, or from our community. They don't care about taxpayers who are gainfully employed. The point is to make it easier to catch that asshole who beat up his girlfriend then bragged about it to his friends on facebook. And as a result, probably the most annoying thing we can do for law enforcement is introduce apps like Signal and the TOR browser. Stuff that makes it dead simple for anyone to maintain their privacy - you just have to use a different messenger. ( Edit : Re-watched the interview where Turnbull described how to bypass the retention bill and he wasn't as enthusiastic as I remember.) Re-reading articles about it it seems his comments aren't as cut-and-dry as I remembered: http://www.businessinsider.com.au/malcolm-turnbulls-sky-news... > “If on the other hand I communicate with you via Skype for a voice call or Viber, send you a message on WhatsApp or Wickr or Threema or Signal or Telegrammer — there’s a gazillion of them — or indeed if you make a FaceTime call, then all that the telco can see, insofar as it can see anything, is that my device has had a connection with the Skype server or the WhatsApp server; it doesn’t see anything happening with you. > “There are always ways for people to get around things, but of course a lot of people don’t, and that’s why I’ve always said the data retention laws, the use of metadata, is not a silver bullet. It’s not a 100% guarantee. It is one tool in many tools.” > The free market crowd would argue that the surviving companies will bake in the right security if consumers demand it. If companies don't take it seriously, either their customers aren't demanding it, or they will be replaced by companies that do a good job at it. This was addressed in the hearing. Schneier says its a negative externality, like invisible pollution. The problem is that the consumers don't care because they aren't the ones getting attacked by their devices. Instead their devices are quietly using their residential internet connection to help DDoS websites. Would you pay $20 more to buy a different DVR that is less likely to annoy a random person you've never met over the internet? Most people don't care, and don't have the knowledge and experience to care. Because consumers won't pay for it, the manufacturers don't bother to invest in security engineering. (These are low margin products after all). As a result we're all worse off. Finger trees are very cool. I have an efficient rope implementation in C based on skip lists here: https://github.com/josephg/librope I'm proud to say that the only bugs AFL found in my implementation were related to my (documented) lack of UTF8 validation. And my skip list implementation beats the performance of the SGI C++ STL rope implementation by about 20x while being several times smaller. (It comfortably performs in the millions of random operations/second on documents up to 1M in size, and it has a smooth logarithmic decline in performance after that). Unfortunately in C its quite awkward to generically control what aggregate information is cached at internal nodes in the tree. You need control over that to be able to efficiently implement lots of the operations you need in a normal text editor. For example converting between line/character positions and offset positions. I can't just hardcode a lot of those translations into the data type because the bookkeeping is expensive and it kills cache coherence. Its a cost you only want to pay when you need it. I'm curious to try porting the skip list code to unsafe rust to see if I can add that abstraction capacity in while maintaining the current performance profile. Data structures are fun! I think Apple's phone support has been overhauled recently to make it way better. I called about an issue on my new touchbar macbook pro and the person I talked to stayed on the line for about 45 minutes with me, including waiting while I reinstalled macos over the top of itself. After the problem seemed to be resolved he gave me his email address so I could talk to him directly if it happens again. He promised they'd sort it out one way or another. I believe him - I have no doubt they'll send me out a replacement if the issue keeps showing up. Its a super expensive laptop so I'm definitely paying for it. But it sure is nice to get a personal, premium experience like that from customer support. Apparently the glass in phone screens develops micro fractures from being dropped. (Well, from hitting the ground). You can't see them with the naked eye, but they weaken the glass and they grow with each successive drop. It's probably not just bad luck that the glass happened to break after the Nth time you dropped it. It was bound to happen if you kept dropping the device. > I don't really have any stock in whether the perception is a reality or not, so I'm willing to be persuaded. Apple said it was their best laptop launch by sales volume ever. (Although that is partially due to such a long wait from their previous model.) Honestly I'm not that surprised - despite all the hate online I know 2-3 developers who bought them on or near launch day and several others who started salivating when mine arrived. The public internet opinion seems shockingly disconnected from that of everyone I've spoken to in person about it. Although, doing mostly web development more than 16 gigs just isn't important for me or my coworkers. My last laptop had 8 and it was more than fine. Most people are much more curious about the touchbar (its a bit gimmicky), the screen (gorgeous but no touch-based scroll in browsers sucks) and the price (yowch!). I get a few comments both ways about the new charger (oh cool no more proprietary connecters!) (whaaat no magsafe? Boo!). Oh, and being a Gen1 apple product there's all sorts of dumb stability problems - which is a much bigger problem than the ram! My touchbar has been glitching out sometimes and the whole system has hard-crashed a half a dozen times since getting it from connecting and disconnecting my 4k monitor. I'll be very disappointed if the software doesn't improve over the next few months. Cute idea, but thats not secure. You can edit the function prototype object to return anything you want: (function() {}).__proto__.toString = () => "Hi!" All functions use same __proto__ object (including functions that haven't been written yet), and it can be edited from anywhere in your program. (Tested in chrome 54). At a meta level, if you're trying to run trusted code in a JS environment that has some untrusted code in it too, you're going to have a bad time. The same is true in native programs by the way - you can't protect your program from a malicious library you're running in process. The right way to solve this is to stop sharing a JS environment with libraries you don't trust. I don't know how you can protect yourself from malicious extensions, but you can stop pulling in a kitchen sink of JS libraries by being super selective about what you pull in from NPM. (Which you really should be doing anyway.) This is a really great mini-documentary about solar from May this year. They talk about the tumbling price and interview investors and manufacturers in China. The eye opening moment for me was the fact that they already have 2M people in China manufacturing panels, and production is still ramping up. It looks like solar is starting to become an inevitability. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmyrbKBZ6SU It really depends on what sort of business you're in. If you're doing application development then UI performance is usually good enough using modern runtime environments and libraries. When this is true being able to release features quickly is the most important metric. But if you're working on a 3d game engine, writing a web browser, writing code on an embedded platform or writing a database then performance itself is a feature. Being lazy with allocation or your choice of algorithms is a really expensive mistake that will hurt your bottom line. Does anyone know if SCTP is suitable / in use by any games? It supports streams to work around the head-of-the-line blocking problem TCP runs into and it also supports opt-in unreliable delivery for game data. On the surface seems ideal for games, though I don't know if its getting much actual use. My take is that if we look at a longer view, right now messaging apps are fighting for marketshare by competing on features. This is a really useful fight to have - what do people want in messaging apps? GIF keyboards? Stickers? E2E encryption? Photo filters? Video messages? A high churn rate is bad for federation - federation requires a spec, and specs are like unit tests. You don't want to write them in the experimentation phase before you know what you're building. Over time the churn will slow down (this is happening already) and we'll probably see a standardish set of decent messaging features that everyone wants. (Good notifications, emoji, photos, low battery consumption, e2e encryption and obviously a gif keyboard.) When we know what we want it shouldn't be too hard to write a spec and start drumming up interest in some decent opensource federated servers and clients. Signal might be a great place to start - but I think we should wait another year or two. Even signal isn't stable enough yet. (And no, this hasn't happened yet with XMPP. XMPP has, for a variety of reasons completely failed. We need to let it die and start from scratch with something actually designed with mobile devices in mind) The airpods weren't ready in time for the iphone 7 launch. They could have delayed the iphone 7 launch by a few months but (especially given what happened in their other product lines) that would probably have been a mistake. > And therefore open to the possibility of a backdoor (or other) requests by the US government. Almost all the recent features on android phones require uploading crazy amounts of personal information to google's servers. While I had an android phone every new feature felt like a faustian bargain - "Let us store a bit more information about you and we'll make your phone better! C'mon it'll be fiiiine " Governments don't need to touch your device when its uploading copies of everything to google's servers anyway. They can just ask google for the data directly. And to be clear about what we're talking about, if you say yes to all the prompts (which I bet 90+% of people do) then google stores location history, audio recordings of all 'ok google' requests, email, contacts, call history, search history and a list of installed applications (so they know which 3rd parties to go after for more data). I don't know if they store SMSes, and I'm not sure what the update frequency of the location data is. But if you use google services, there's not much else for a device level backdoor to do. > Ultimately, those are the same thing. There is no privacy if you can't inspect it and verify that it's upholding its promises. If you want to go down that road the software you need to inspect includes all the software with access to your data. In android's case this includes all sorts of proprietary code running in google's infrastructure that you'll never see. If you enable all the features of a modern android phone the amount of data google tracks about you is staggering. All that data is available to any government that asks for it directly from google. Google is actively incentivised to data mine, use and sell my data. I don't think they sell it - but thats the direction the incentive arrows point. If you want to roll your own, or use one of the non-google android forks then I respect that decision from a privacy standpoint. (Although my security engineer voice is much more nervous.) But stock android is a privacy disaster (at least if you worry about google / the US govt). The ability to root your device is nice, but in google's ecosystem the computers that really matter are the servers. Yes, and for various reasons those chunks can be reordered. And a misbehaving proxy might also try to cache them. And to send data back from the server you need long hanging gets, which can also be subject to timeouts and weird chunking by misbehaving proxies. These problems are all solvable, but you need to treat http requests like datagrams and (basically) reimplement TCP on top of HTTP. We've done this several times now. I made one[1] myself a few years ago based on google's browserchannel implementation (that was first written for gchat inside gmail. It supported browsers down to IE5.5). But the best is probably SockJS - https://github.com/sockjs . IIRC Its written by some (ex?) vmware guys, and its great. But all this stuff is pretty outdated now. Misbehaving corporate proxies are (thankfully) getting much rarer - especially if you tunnel your traffic over HTTPS. These days you should just use websockets directly. [1] https://github.com/josephg/node-browserchannel How common is this, actually? My impression is its fairly rare, but I'd love to see some actual analytics if anyone has some. I'll be honest; I've never understood this mindset. The idea of purposefully interrupting my flow every 25 minutes, explicitly dropping my context is ghastly. If you could design an ideal hell for me it would involve hard, interesting programming problems and constant (every ~10-20 minute) seemingly random external interruptions. (Its not an accident that I don't have children.) Most of the work I'm really proud of happens in 1-1.5 week long coding binges, during which I code ~14 hours a day, don't eat well and don't get outside much. During that time my entire being is oriented around the problem. I sleep when I'm too tired to be productive and wake up with the problem spilling out of me. I usually need a couple of weeks recovery time afterwards during which I'm pretty useless for anything thats not light and fluffy. But that time is 100% worth it. If I could work at that intensity for 1 week out of each month I'd be more productive than I have been at any 9-5 job I've ever had. Well, for a given definition of productivity. So I guess I like pomodoros - I just think they should be about 1 week in length. 80% of the programming I do is the style you suggest. But ... software development has bifurcated into two skills, and we don't yet have the words to differentiate them. - There's the technician skill, where you poke at your react elements and fiddle with CSS until it looks like the mockup the designers gave you. Every 20 minutes you need to trawl through stackoverflow to find the exact way to use flexbox to get the layout you want, or to work around a bug in safari. When you're done you do some refactoring and feel good about it and call it a day. - And there's the engineering skill, where you scratch your head and read wikipedia & some academic papers until you know what search terms to use. And then you realise that really you want something like an invertible bloom filter, except there's some small % chance it will fail each time you query it so you need a fallback mechanism. Except then you realise that fallback mechanism will have O(n^2) - but if you use a slightly different data structure then it'll become O(nlogn + klogk). But that requires modifications to the bloom filter itself and a funky network protocol, so you write that. If the only programming you do is the first type, thats fine. Thats where we all start. Thats the majority of work out there. 25 minute pomodoros are probably fine for that. I like pair programming, because I can stay focussed better with a friend. Sometimes I listen to excited music while I work. But all the work I'm most proud of is the second type. I wrote a streaming incremental compiler for a 2d air pressure based language. I got 90% of the way to making an OT algorithm work for arbitrary JSON structures (including object move), only to realise that it absolutely needs conflict markers so I put it down for awhile. I wrote a nodejs server from scratch thats compatible with google's browserchannel protocol - basically reimplementing TCP in the process. I implemented a PEG parser - and I'm going to need a session like this to add the ability to pass realtime streaming text updates through the parser. These sorts of things can't be reduced to 25 minute context increments. They just need too much mental state. Maybe once they're done they can be broken down into pieces that you could explain in 25 minute chunks. But figuring out that some particular abstraction is the right one requires fitting the entire system together in your head, so you can turn it around. And thats a spacing out in the shower followed by a day with a whiteboard kind of task. I guess the way I see it is that large amounts of uninterrupted time doesn't simply make it easier to do hard engineering. It makes it possible . Is that what the book refers to as deep work? If so then I think pomodoros are an anathema to that. Yes - I know a bunch of software developers who excitedly bought one of the new MacBook pros on launch day. And Apple has said that by volume it was one of their best laptop launches ever. I think regarding the new mbps the internet echo chamber doesn't mirror reality. > Also, all the ports may look the same, even fit the same port, but they're not the same, which is a terrible user experience. Thats true of some laptops, but the new macbook pros allow any connection (power/display/whataver) to any of the usb-c ports. When I'm lying in bed I can now roll over and just swap which side of the laptop the power cable connects to. (Well apparently the ports on one side of the machine are a bit faster, but I don't know of any USB devices which can take advantage of even the slower speed USB 3.1 provides. I certainly don't own any.) I'm still holding out for official support of external GPU enclosures. The hardware already supports driving an external GPU over thunderbolt. People have hacked the software to work, but its still buggy. And right now it requires turning off some macos security features so they can inject 3rd party kexts. I'd love to have an external desktop class GPU at home so I can play games or goof around with OpenCL and VR. Then I can simply unplug the laptop & use the integrated graphics chip when I'm on the road and need power efficiency. I've been seeing about 12 hours of battery life with my 13" tbmbp, though I've switched to safari to make that happen. It really depends what you're doing. I have a cpu meter running all the time and often see electron based apps (spotify, slack, atom) idle on 5-10% cpu usage for no reason. Just having one of those programs will eviscerate your battery life - its impossible to get 10 hours if the CPU isn't asleep most of the time. That said, in fairness Atom seems to be getting better with each release. But spotify seems to keep getting worse. I've caught it pegging an entire core a couple of times in the last few weeks - just sitting on 100% cpu usage despite having no music playing. I think it was rendering an animated ad in the background or something, despite my paid account. Its really no wonder people don't get 10 hours battery life out of their machines. This shit is the new flash. Whoa, PT is fantastic. A full explanation of how it works is here: http://dunkels.com/adam/pt/expansion.html Its actually a really simple and beautiful. I worry that we give up a lot of this sort of flow expressiveness in more modern languages like Rust. This is fantastic! I'm working on a little piece of fun realtime streaming database tech, and up until now I thought I'd have to implement my own realtime querying piece. Being able to lean on rethinkdb will make the whole thing way easier to implement, and provide a better experience for my users. My concern has been that there's a few missing features in rethinkdb - I want to be able to resume query after a client gets disconnected without re-downloading the result set. (If the data hasn't changed) and I want deeper integration with rethinkdb's versioning system. But I've been too nervous about making those changes myself and build on top of rethinkdb because of license taint. Now this has all been solved. Its starting to look like a good time to crack open the code and submit some patches! Thanks everyone who's made this happen! From a theoretical point of view both models are pretty much equivalent. Either way you need to pick somewhere to accept transactions as the ground truth / root store. That root store is the arbiter of which transactions get accepted and which are rejected due to conflicts. (With Kafka you can figure this out through the event stream's order). With Samza the root store is Kafka, and with CDC its your database. Its obviously easy to scale everything "downstream" of your root source of truth because everything there can easily be redeployed and trivially scaled for redundancy. But your root store needs to worry about partition tolerance. That said, PostgresQL and Kafka probably scale fine for the needs of 99% of users. You can do queries either way. Using CDC you can run normal queries directly from your database, or another database downstream if you want to distribute the load. Using Samza you can run a query from any of your views. I'm currently in the process of rewriting a simple version of this stack with some nice versioning properties. It doesn't look simple from the outside, but thats how complex any modern database is. The only difference with samza is that you can decide how much of that complexity to buy into. And because you have access to the "internals" of how data flows through the system, you can extend that view through your application. (Eg by making a standalone access control filter which only allows some users access to some documents. Or wrapping your react static HTML rendering code as a database view that you can, for free get a change feed to.) For me the complex part that I can't quite stomach is having to buy into hadoop and zookeeper. But thats a tooling problem, not an architecture problem. We need lighter implementations of all these tools. Right out of the box? Mongodb has been trying to get it right for 10 years now. Kyle says the storage engine they've used for most of that lifetime is fundamentally flawed, and they've only now, a decade on, managed to write something without known bugs to replace it. And maybe this time it's ok. Maybe this time there aren't any more layers of buggy crap in mongo yet to be found and fixed. Maybe. But you'd have lost that bet if you made it any day in the last 10 years. And in those 10 years mongodb has demonstrated again and again that they aren't up to the task of writing a reliable database. Even with their new storage engine they couldn't find the bugs alone. I think using mongo today for any mission critical data is an irresponsible choice. I'd seriously question the judgement of any senior engineer who picks it for a new project over rethinkdb or Postgres. Rethinkdb is still the new database on the block, and never really found it's feet. Look up Postgres, Cassandra, Kafka, Riak, MySQL/Mariadb or MSSQL. (Or dare I say it, oracle). All of those tools have a long history of reliability and solid engineering. Sparkle is ahead of whats available on windows, but I still find it super annoying. I hate going to use a program and - just at that point I most want to get work done, I get annoying popups. "There's an update available! Quick - make some decisions about it! click " ugh wait for download "Restart the app to continue!" click "Heyyy, check out our new features! clickkkkkkk ". Its a total momentum killer. Like, imagine if randomly (every month or so) instead of loading immediately hackernews took 1 minute to load instead, and it required that you babysit it the whole time while you hit "next". Personally I wish all apps used Chrome's update mechanism. Its unobtrusive, the patches are tiny compared to the size of Chrome and it works great. Most users don't even know the updates are happening. Thats how I want all apps (and, frankly, my OS) to update. Just, silently and reliably. No annoying popups. No decisions to make when I'm trying to get work done. No waiting for the update to happen. Update yourself quickly in the background, and do it without bothering me. Given how long chrome's updater has been out I'm surprised there's no embeddable Sparkle-like version for 3rd party apps to use. Presumably it'd require passwords or cookies to be downloaded from people's phones to work. With those credentials they could login to FB / Twitter / GMail etc and snoop about, downloading whatever data they can find there too. I doubt they could do that passively. It would probably require them physically taking your (unlocked) phone and imaging it. (Which I suspect is becoming standard practice when they arrest people, if they can get away with it.) If thats the case then 1Password would only keep your credentials safe while you aren't actually logged in to the services in question on your phone. Its a bit harder to exploit, but this is also a problem with mobile apps. The developer could be compelled to release an update which leaks data to a 3rd party for specific users. Even for opensource projects there's no guarantee that the published version of the app matches anything in the commit history. And I doubt anybody looks inside the binaries that get published to the app stores when there's source code available. So right now on web or mobile you simply have to trust the app developers. Apple & Google could easily fix this by copying the docker registry. Just run a build process themselves directly from a specified git SHA. Publish that & name the repo & git SHA they used for the build. That way security researchers could go read the sourcecode and know that its the actual code running on everyone's phones. Mind you, doing this would make it easier for the US government to compel apple or google to modify a binary for just one user. But apple and google can already do that if they want to. Another approach would be to make the whole toolchain build reproducible binaries, so a researcher can run the build process themselves and verify the binary hashes match. But lets not pretend that somehow apps are more secure because you download a sandboxed app from an app store instead of sandboxed JS + HTML. The tech stacks used to deploy code are more similar than they are different. I daydream sometimes that lightning strikes and both google and facebook suddenly go out of business. So many of the world's best and brightest software engineers work at those companies. Suddenly out of work they'd be motivated to start those little business they've always wanted to have. I think we'd see an explosion of cool new ideas & businesses pop up in the tech community. Thanks for the explanation. Looks like its not just E2E encrypted but distributed as well. Very cool work! However, you shouldn't need a blockchain to make a fully encrypted realtime collaborative editor. Here the blockchain is needed to make OT work properly because OT relies on a global ordering of operations. But algorithmically you can get around that either using CRDTs or modifying OT with a purge() function. (This lets you move between any valid linearisation of history, so you can transform by rewriting your history to look like the remote client before accepting their operation.) I've been messing around with OT stuff for a few years. Feel free to pick my brain if you have any questions - I'm looking forward to seeing where you go with it! (Grab my email from a commit on github) I'm an Australian who lived a couple of years in the Bay Area. The views people hold toward privacy was one of the most surprising cultural differences between our countries. As an outsider I was shocked to learn that privacy really is an afterthought for a lot of bay area residents. US anecdote: a product I worked on had a feature which needs full access to a customer's email account to use. The feature scrapes their inbox and can send emails impersonating our customers' staff. I said there was no way I'd use that feature, but it proved to be super popular! People had no problem handing over access to their entire (work) email account to a startup. Australia anecdote: When my uncle died we needed to hunt down his bank details. The banks (by law) weren't allowed to even tell us if he was one of their customers without seeing his death certificate and our documentation. I'm now way more nervous about trusting US based startups with my data. Its not just that many of the engineers are inexperienced, and most startups don't have any security expertise. Its also that culturally I know they probably don't understand personal privacy. I can't trust that they'll protect my data if they might not bother protecting their own. > In many ways yes, as C can be much more straightforward than JavaScript, which enforces spaghetti-programming by design (via callback hell). I don't think this is a fair criticism of javascript. In javascript if you want to you can define all your callbacks as top level functions and just pass a function pointer through, the same way you would in classic C or C++. But nobody does that because its an awful way to write your code. If you want to do async programming you need callbacks of some form, and putting the callback inline is better. (Hence lambda functions being added to C++ and java). Arguably await/defer is better still, and unlike C, javascript now supports await if you want to write code that way. The only other decent way to write high performance code is to use lightweight threads and message passing (go or erlang). But again, (as far as I know) C and C++ make this sort of code really hard to write correctly because of the memory model. I'm looking forward to seeing that battle played out in rust, where both models can work side-by-side. As for resource loading in JS, promises aren't perfect but they make deferring code execution on resources loading work great. Just bundle your resource loading into a promise and then require('./resources').then(whatever => {...}). Aw I'm HN-famous! I'm sorry I didn't see this post sooner. I'd love to catch up for virtual coffee if you're interested - check your email. I'm not sure if your tree structure is needed to efficiently transform N operations together. Another approach is to simply compose the operations together and transform by the composed operation set, using the property that with a proper tombstone-using text ot type it holds that IT(IT(x, A), B) == IT(x, A.B). (where IT=transform, `.`=compose). Mind you, this approach is still a bit slower than your solution. (I think you can make it O(N*(log N)^3) or something like that. But still faster than O(N^2).) I don't think this is technically a CRDT - I think its still technically just OT, but OT that holds some additional properties. My favourite differentiating characteristic is that CRDTs bundle information from the document's history with the document snapshot itself. This lets you apply an operation with an older operational context. Obviously applying an old operation would be trivial with an OT system too if you had the history and could transform the operation - its just inefficient. So in a sense, {tp2-ot+document history} is a CRDT. Just, an inefficient one. As far as I can tell what you're proposing doesn't bundle the history - and you still need that history to transform. It has some other really nice properties though, to the point that I had a pass implementing a p2p system using something like this a few years ago, using IT and ET functions. (My researcher friend Torben Weis independently discovered that method back in 2011 but didn't publish it). But the downside is that its slow. Your tree-based approach for operations themselves might be enough to make it viable. Very cool stuff! The halting problem doesn't prove that at all. It just shows that there exist programs who's output can't be predicted except by running them (potentially forever). It obviously doesn't prove that all programs have that property. I mean, we write programs which provide useful output then halt every day. And if humans can write code, a sufficiently advanced AI will be able to write code too. Gold standard? Slack is 380 megs in size, and when its open it somehow seems to constantly use about 5% CPU usage (which probably knocks out a few hours of battery life, since the CPU can't properly sleep). Every so often I catch it sitting on 100% cpu usage (this is all while in the background). Restarting slack fixes it. I know that programmer time is more important than CPU time, but its my CPU and my battery. I can only imagine explaining to someone from 15 years ago what software looks like now. "Oh yeah in the future we all use IRC, except its a proprietary IRC implementation and supports animated gifs. The client is 380 megs" "Calm down - I know thats bigger than your hard drive. No its not 3d or anything - it just has nice colors." I don't understand why people hate on apple for not making laptops with 32 gigs of ram, but they have no problem using apps like slack which waste resources like it was water. Thankfully slack seems to be much more lean when run inside a safari browser tab. That just makes the platform native, which doesn't say anything at all. Presumably the app itself is still written in javascript, so its not native at all - its just bundling its own (native) copy of chrome. Yep. I did some swift development recently and while I absolutely loved the language I was struck with how much worse the uikit APIs are compared to react. There's nothing special about javascript the language. The nice thing about web development is that the really fast framework iteration cycles. And everyone complains about them, but as a result we have some fantastic APIs for UI development in javascript land now. (Eg, react.) What I want to see is someone port those lovely abstractions across to native languages. For example, a port of choo[1] to swift on top of uikit would be gloriously fast, efficient, small and easy to work with. [1] https://github.com/yoshuawuyts/choo Official retirement age? Once you build up some passive income sources you can retire whenever you want. And you can do that as simply as having a nest egg sitting in an investment portfolio. I expect automation to replace most human jobs. At some point in the future we'll move to a universal basic income funded by the work robots do. I think we'll be forced to. Automation is already displacing massive numbers of workers. The Economist argues[1] that the current rise of populist leaders is partially a result of this. People in poorer areas are angry at offshoring and trade for the lack of jobs, and vote for Trump and Brexit to fix it. [1] https://twitter.com/theeconomist/status/835429157475528705 Its simple, but that doesn't make it easy. The most tractable way to pull it off is to dramatically lower your expenses. How much do you need to live? If you can get a consistent 5% interest from your assets (-2% inflation) then $1m will net you $30k of spending money per year without digging into the base. Saving up that much money in the tech sector over an entire career (especially one thats been extended due to anti-aging research, which is what we're talking about) is very doable. Lots of people pull it off, they just call that asset 'their house' and call saving money 'paying off the mortgage'. If you sell / rent out the house and move somewhere cheap then you can be pretty comfortable living on less than $30k/yr, depending on what you want to do. If you want more information: http://www.mrmoneymustache.com https://www.reddit.com/r/financialindependence/ There is a plethora of companies who will solve that problem for you, in exchange for a small cut of the investment returns. Eg, https://www.betterment.com for stocks & bonds, and http://www.ipmanagers.com.au for managing property. (For property you obviously want someone local to your area.) I think we can all guess how that came about. Back in the day there was no contraception and the church was at the center of community life. Imagine the inconvenience and heartbreak to everyone involved from unwanted pregnancies! Especially those from teenagers, who I'm sure were pressured into suddenly abandoning their own ambitions to become unwitting parents. Pre birth control of course church leaders would council people to simply say no to pre-marital sex. Sure it'd be difficult for some, but I'm sure avoiding any unwanted pregnancies was worth it for everyone involved, and better for the community at large. Fast forward a few centuries and that (very practical) advice has become 'word of god' moralistic. Now with modern birth control we have better ways to avoid pregnancy than abstinence. But (unsurprisingly) the church's practical advice hasn't caught up with modern technology. For game network programming, the Source Multiplayer Networking guide is a fantastic high level write-up of how modern games use prediction to compensate for latency: https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Source_Multiplayer_... The scientific notation one is a bug. Scientific notation isn't part of the CSS spec[1], and its not supported in all browsers. I learned this one the hard way a few months ago. We ran into a flexbox bug in one browser which we worked around by adding some-rule: 0.0000001px instead of 0px. However, our minifier collapsed that using scientific notation, which triggered a rendering issue in a different browser due to the out-of-spec CSS. The whole adventure left me feeling like I'd travelled back in time. [1] https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS21/syndata.html#numbers Hi, post author here. My point about the frozen spec doesn't have anything to do with the data format. Its that modern databases don't expose the API that modern web applications actually want, like: - Integrated access control - Realtime updates (sorta, kinda) - Resumable event logs - The ability to do computed views in my language (eg, make a computed view using a nodejs react static rendering process) Because databases lack these features, modern web developers often end up rewriting them at the application level, for every app. Post author here. > Databases are a miracle product. If you think of an application as a car, the database is the engine. Yeah - you're totally right. Thats kind of why I'm complaining about them - because we use them so much I think the potential benefits from improving more them are massive. The modern web stack is a mess, and changes all the time. But there's a handful of features we need in just about every application - login, update feeds, data-based rendering (computed views), etc. But stored procs aren't good enough - they're inaccessible, hard to debug and usually require their own (non-standard, barely known) language to develop in. So lots of developers write functions outside of the database through multiple queries, and in doing so will often break the database's transactional consistency model. Databases have managed to stick around with us throughout the evolution of the web. I'm being critical, but I'm doing it out of love. I'm saying that databases have the potential to provide so much more to the modern web ecosystem than just data storage. They could do access control, and run stored proc-equivalent functions or computed views from whatever languages my app is written in. If I need some complicated data flow where data needs to be updated in realtime in a secondary db (like elasticsearch), that should be dead simple to do too. I didn't get into it in that article but I believe we should be able to extend our databases to share data flow logic between applications. Or just build a lot of this stuff into databases so its reusable between projects. Author here. I think CRUD apps are the most boring example. But think about something like Slack. There's some data and queries, sure - but the app also needs realtime feeds. It needs to have triggers running notification tasks off changes made. There's lots of stuff that need to happen as a result of data changes. Doing all that stuff purely at the application layer is an architectural mess. What you really want is an event log of messages, with workers and search indexes listening on that . Maybe later you'll want to add full text search via elasticsearch - and that needs to be kept in sync via the event log as well. Rolling your own version of all this stuff correctly is really hard. Either you do it inside postgres using triggers and stored procs, or you use kafka and invent your own complicated system to handle conflicting writes. Or you add hooks in all the places in your app where you do writes, but that introduces its own set of consistency problems. Samza, Datomic, Bottled Water, Couchdb and firebase all solve at least some of this stuff better than classic SQL stores. Its time for relational dbs to get on board. Being no more than a database isn't good enough anymore. > As a practical matter no one designs web apps this way any more so there is no market for it. Well, the problem is that I'd say PL/SQL isn't a good choice of language to implement a web templating engine. And the web framework selection is ... lacking. And its hard to hire engineers who know PL/SQL. But even if the database has a native JS engine or something there's also a separation of concerns problem here. But if the database simply exposed an event stream and versioning information from queries, we could write our applications in whatever language we want. They can listen on the database's event stream and invalidate caches or eagerly re-render the app as data changes. And if you have a kafka-style event log they can live on other machines and run in separate processes. From any angle I think the samza/datomic model is simply a much nicer architecture to do this sort of thing. More ergonomic than the pl/sql approach, and certainly much nicer than what we have now using databases as dumb stores. > I feel like the author is a front end developer and just hates the fact that JavaScript in the browser can't communicate with a database server directly. Author here. I hate the fact that here in 2017 we still write login code, again, for every application. I hate the fact that if I want to trigger re-renders, or run workers off database changes all my options suck. > it is also possible that database could provide a generic enough interface that would work Exactly. It doesn't have to suck - our databases could provide a nice interface to do all this stuff cleanly instead. We just need a resumable event stream, with versions and some other API tweaks and we can do computed views out-of-process of the database, written in whatever language I want. I'm firmly of the opinion that all databases should provide a Samza / Storm / Kafka / etc style event log. Post author here. I actually think it would be much cleaner to support an event log API and run this stuff out-of-process. My database shouldn't have to support the language-de-jour, and I don't want my react rendering process slowing down my database servers. You can totally decouple this stuff with a clean kafka-like eventlog API, but postgres doesn't provide one. > for instance, on a Mac system via an eGPU setup This is one of my biggest feature requests for Apple. I want a tiny little laptop with an integrated GPU when I'm on the road. But when I'm home I also want to be able to run simulations, play games on a big screen & do VR. And for that I want a desktop class GPU when I'm at home. And I want that GPU to be upgradable - CPU speed isn't improving anywhere near as fast as GPU speed, so it makes sense to keep the rest of my system across multiple GPU generations. The laptops are already there. The RAM fiasco aside, the current laptops are fine little machines. And with thunderbolt 3 they should have no problem supporting external GPUs. All thats missing is an official apple egpu enclosure and software support! People on the internet have already gotten them working via injecting kexts into the kernel. But first party support would make the whole thing way better, and way more stable. C'mon apple! We're so close! Take my money! Thats doubly clever, because it makes the child complicit in not getting the candy. "Well, you spent all your money yesterday" is a much better reason than "I've decided you won't have that". Children don't yet have the skills to question the system their choices are embedded inside. (That comes waaaay later - arguably not until your 20s.) Unless I'm missing something, isn't that just wrapping the webpage in an embedded WebView? If so its basically doing the same thing as electron, except using Safari instead of Chrome and not giving the app any native API access. This helps in 2 ways: - Safari is less of a resource hog than chrome - It avoids the huge 380 meg download of electron But it doesn't solve the runtime problems. The app is still running inside a VM (safari), so its still going to be way slower than its native equivalent and it'll use way more memory. Also in a real browser background tabs get throttled in dozens of ways. But I bet none of that throttling happens via Fluid, because even background windows can be visible at any time on macos. I'd be curious to see a quick comparison of CPU and RAM usage of slack-for-desktop and slack-in-fluid if anyone is willing to give it a whirl. I'd do it myself except I deleted slack after writing that blog post. Post author here. I thought about that, but there weren't any visible animations playing when I took those measurements. And the 5% figure survived a restart of the client. Its possible there were gifs playing above-the-fold somewhere and reloading themselves, but if so I'd say thats a bug somewhere in the interaction between the 15-20M lines of code in slack, electron and chrome. Its also worth noting that blog post is from a few months ago. Its possible the slack team has fixed the issue now. I wouldn't know because I deleted the slack desktop app and haven't looked back. I'm consistently blown away that stuff like this gets past testing. Personally I think every software engineer should have a CPU meter of some for running on their machine while developing. Its an essential element of seeing what you're doing. How can you write decent software without having even that much visibility over what your computer is up to while your code runs? These huge CPU sinks making it through to release required nobody to even glance at a CPU graph. Blog author here. Thats a fair criticism. I wanted to pick on Spotify and Atom more in my blog post, but both Spotify and Atom have cleaned up their act. I couldn't get either one to reproducibly use lots of CPU. Props to everyone involved in fixing that. But I'd also argue that Flash could always be written to be efficient too. The problem with flash was never the little games people made. The problem was that one tab with a stupid punch-the-monkey banner add playing somewhere that would sit on 20% cpu even when the tab was in the background. I think Electron is similar, except in the desktop space. Well written apps seem to be able to keep CPU load down (although they still have a huge download and a huge RAM footprint). But there's been a running trend of noticing some dumb software running somewhere on my machine eating all my CPU. And in the last year or two its been an electron app, every time. Just like flash before it. Its a terrible experience to discover my battery life is cut in half because of a cursor animation in VS Code, or to have my laptop heat up and the fans engage because of an animated GIF in slack. But its worse than that - most users don't even know why their battery life is awful. So they blame apple, or microsoft, or dell or whoever. And they just don't use their computers as much, because its all a bit gross and slow. And thats bad news for our entire industry. > Every bug looks egregious in hindsight Most bugs are of the form "do X then Y then it doesn't work". These idle CPU bugs are reproduced simply by opening the application. I accept that 13% idle usage is invisible for most developers - but that's a bit disappointing. I notice stuff like this just by idly glancing at my CPU meter from time to time. An app that's sitting on high idle usage sets off klaxons for me. http://highscalability.com/ frequently features content like this. The archives are a treasure trove of practical software architecture wisdom. Yep sorry about that - I've corrected the mistake in the blog post. Sorry, I'm confused. Which part of this bad performance was a bug in chrome? The peaking up to 100% usage for a few hours? The shockingly bad performance rendering GIFs? The super high idle CPU usage? The high download size and ram usage? I used the desktop slack client all of last year, and these kind of problems were present the whole time. This isn't some "oh, yeah there was some particularly egregious bug we shipped accidentally in October" thing. Whatever is making the slack client a bloated ball of crap is much worse than a simple, quickly fixed chrome bug. Its endemic. > the too-common comments on Reddit and HN where people claim that they could rebuild FB or Uber as a side project. I do and don't agree with you. Whats really going on here is that development time scales linearly with the number of decisions you need to make. Decisions can take the form of a product questions - "what are we making?" and development questions - "how should we implement that?". There are three reasons why people feel confident saying "I could copy that in a weekend": - When looking at an existing thing (like r/place), most of the product decisions have already been made. You don't need to re-make them. - If you have a lot of development experience in a given domain, you don't need to make as many decisions to come up with a good structure - your intuition (tuned by experience) will do the hard work for you. - For most products, most of the actual work is in little features and polish thats 'below the water', and not at all obvious to an outsider. Check out this 'should we send a notification in slack' flowchart: https://twitter.com/mathowie/status/837807513982525440?lang=... . I'm sure Uber and Facebook have hundreds of little features like that. When people say "I could copy that in a weekend", they're usually only thinking about the core functionality. Not all the polish and testing you'd actually need to launch a real product. With all that said, I bet I could implement r/place in less than a weekend with the requirements stated at the top of that blog post, so long as I don't need to think about mobile support and notifications. Thats possible not because I'm special, and not because I'm full of it but because most of the hard decisions have already been made. The product decisions are specified in the post (image size, performance requirements) and for the technical decisions I can rely on experience. (I'd do it on top of kafka. Use CQRS, then have caching nodes I could scale out and strong versions using the event stream numbers. Tie the versions into a rendered image URL and use nginx to cache ... Etc.) But I couldn't implement r/place that quickly if reddit didn't already do all the work deciding on the scope of the problem, and what the end result should look like. In a sense, I think programming is slow and unpredictable because of the learning we need to constantly do. Programming without needing to learn is just typing; and typing is fast. I rule out doing the mobile notifications not because I think it would be hard, but because I haven't done it before. So I'd need to learn the right way to implement it. - And hence, thats where the scope might blowout for me. Thats where I would have to make decisions, and deciding correctly takes time. My loved ones are out of town, so you're on! I'll do it for the fun of it and the experience. And because I still haven't built anything on top of kafka, but there's no time like now to fix that. The challenge is: Meet the main requirements of r/place: 1000x1000 image, a web based editor, 333+ edits / second, with an architecture that can scale to 100k simultaneous users (although that part will be hard to actually test). I won't implement mobile support or notifications, and I won't implement any sort of user access control (thats out of scope). The challenge is to do it & get it hosted online before I go to bed on Saturday (so, I'm allowing myself some slop there). But its already 1:30pm on Friday, so I think that easily qualifies as "less than a weekend". As a stretch I'm going to write all the actual code in nodejs while aiming for well into the thousands / tens of thousands of writes per second territory. I'm willing to accept some fun stakes if anyone wants to propose them (ice bucket challenge level stuff). I'll live-tweet progress here - https://twitter.com/josephgentle (Edit: fixed days) Errr... oh, that thing is happening where its a public holiday so I'm a bit unmoored from reality. I'll get it done by Saturday night, not Sunday night. Simulating hundreds to thousands of writes per second via post requests will be easy. Simulating 100k simultaneous readers of an eventstream will be much harder. I don't know of any tools which can load test that many readers. Do you have any ideas? A single kafka partition should be able to handle the load - it only needs to write 333 ops/second, and I could coalesce several edits together over half second windows if I wanted to make that more efficient. And I'll only have as many kafka consumers as I have frontend servers. So we're talking about 333 ops/second and like, 5 consumers of those operations. Somehow I think a single kafka partition should be able to manage the load :) But there's no reason I couldn't use multiple partitions if I had to. To make it fully consistent I'd just need a consistent way to resolve conflicting concurrent writes on different partitions. Either adding a server timestamp to the messages, or using the partition number to pick a winner would work fine for this. It would just make the server logic a little more complicated. Absolutely! And I'm not going to claim otherwise. I said above I think I can only implement it in a weekend if I can work to my technical strengths. Doing otherwise would mean learning, which is super slow compared to typing. Just implementing to a closed spec cuts out maybe half of the work of something like this, because you don't need to figure out the requirements or waste time going down blind alleys. From my post above: > But I couldn't implement r/place that quickly if reddit didn't already do all the work deciding on the scope of the problem, and what the end result should look like. 12 hours in and the site is up: https://josephg.com/sp/ Polish and perf tuning tomorrow. Code: https://github.com/josephg/sephsplace (warning: contains evil) Well, the server needs to message the client with updates somehow. Either the client keeps a connection open or it has to periodically poll the client. Keeping a connection open is faster and it uses less system resources. Complete and working. I haven't tested the load for real, but judging by the performance numbers it should be able to handle 100k connections fine with 2 beefy backend servers. (40% of one of my laptop's cores handles 15k connections with 400 edits per second. So about 8 cores should handle 100k users no sweat.) The bottleneck is fanout, so until kafka starts hitting subscribe limits it should scale linearly with frontend servers. (And kafka is a long way from hitting that limit because I've added write coalescing.) I'll post a writeup about it all once I've eaten some real food and had a rest. But for now, enjoy! Thanks for the support everyone! It was a really fun little project. I'm happy to answer any questions people have. I'd also like to say that I highly recommend everyone does projects like this from time to time. I don't know any way to gain programming skills faster than making small throwaway projects using new tools and techniques. I added that after someone got snippy at me after I deleted their 'art'. This way expectations are clear about when I'll intercede with my admin powers. Aw thanks! And yeah I agree. The way to get good at programming is to make lots of stuff. > Seph's law: Programming is 95% decisions and 5% typing. :) In real projects there's usually the other 95% of the time spent reading the existing code and figuring out how it works. But thats much harder to fit in a glib saying. Heh thanks! I feel like there's two kinds of people who make bold statements like that: There's young people who are suffering from the Dunning-Kruger effect - inexperienced but think they're hot shit. Then there's people who've actually done a lot of hackathon-type events and as a result know what it takes to pull them off successfully. (Time, caffine, and a deep familiarity your tools.) > How did you go about preventing spam? I can't really hide anything - all the code is on github, though its ... um, ... not pretty. It might be better if nobody looks. http://github.com/josephg/sephsplace But the system at the moment is really simple: The site only accepts 10 edits per 10 seconds from any IP address. After that your edits get rejected until the next 10 second window begins. You can write bots to draw things for you (and lots of the images you see are drawn this way). But drawing big objects is slow. So thats ok. I think thats a reasonable compromise between bots being powerful and humans being powerful. The giant Angela Merkel image (and some other smut that I deleted) was drawn by someone proxying edits through about 200 IP addresses. I don't know if they're using TOR, or have access to a botnet or are using an anonymizing proxy or something. I could tell they were all the same botnet because all the requests had the useragent of 'python-requests/2.10.0'. (I have an IP address list if anyone wants to take a look.) Anyway, I figured those addresses are probably hard to replace - so I let them do it, harvested the addresses and banned them all. Worse, I made it impossible to tell which servers are banned - the server replies to banned servers like normal - their edits just never appear. I caught about 2/3rds of their addresses before they started making their headers match real browser traffic, but I think I ruined their fun and they stopped. I have a few more tricks up my sleeve I could pull out if that little war escalated further. For example, I could always add a captcha you have to fill out when you open the page. The captcha would generate a token that you would have to provide with each edit. Rate limiting would then be by-token. Bots would still work, but you would have to give the token to your script. But getting around the rate limiting would be harder. > How many users did the site receive over the course of the past 2 days? Um I'm embarrassed to say I don't know! I don't have a log of which IP addresses generated each edit. Monitoring and logging seemed much less important at the time. Its obvious in retrospect, but I wish I'd sent each edit along with a timestamp and some metadata into a separate kafka queue when I received them. That way I would have a complete audit log to play with now. I have all the edits - but I have no way of knowing who did what, or how many unique visitors I've had. Oh thats a great idea! That would also encourage people to draw new things instead of defacing old ones. One of the first things that happened when the site went up was that someone started drawing something, and then someone else immediately start spamming junk pixels over the top of it. Despite being able to draw literally anywhere else in the world they thought the best use of their time was to ruin someone else's creation. It was kind of disappointing to witness. I might make that change now actually - the simplest form of that is very easy. I can just make white pixels cheaper to draw on, and for everything else there's stiffer rate limiting penalties. (Which isn't quite what you said, but I think its the MVP version of it) (Edit: This is implemented now. You can draw over 25 white pixels in each 10 second window, but only 10 colored pixels) The system isn't fancy. Its just the bare minimum code to stop the specific forms of abuse I was seeing. I replied to another comment with details: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14125518 Kafka wasn't a problem at all. Actually, I was shocked how well kafka just worked. It did everything I expected it to do, exactly as advertised in the documentation. Well, except for how annoying it was to get it installed and working on ubuntu. I will definitely be using kafka in future projects. I think all my technology choices worked out fine. I dumped server-sent events halfway through in favour of websockets because WS support binary packets. But that was a pretty easy change affecting at most 50 lines of code. I still wish we had an efficient (native) solution for broadcasting an event sourcing log out to 100k+ browser clients, with catchup ('subscribe from kafka offset X'). Nodejs is handling the load better than I expected it to, but a native code solution would be screaming fast. It should be relatively simple to implement, too. Just, unless my google-fu is failing me I don't think anyone has done it yet. That would work, but I don't think it would make anything simpler. You would essentially be reimplementing parts of TCP on top of whatever unordered protocol you'd use to make sure your client view is eventually consistent. All the APIs I used strictly order messages. Websockets simply don't have a UDP-equivalent, unless you want to send the events over plain long-polled HTTP requests or something, but that sounds like an inefficient recipe for disaster. And if you did that the client would need to be able to track and fetch lost messages. That adds client complexity and server complexity for the extra endpoints. My imagination is haunted by premonitions of bugs. In one ghostly image I see edits getting silently lost sometimes and not knowing why. Just, sometimes if I draw a line, on your screen you see the occasional block missing until you refresh your browser. In another premonition I imagine a packet reordering system thinking its missing a single operation and waiting on it forever. To the user it looks like everything has frozen completely. We have well-implemented protocols that deliver messages in order. I see no reason not to use them. Thanks for saying so! > that much of the time and difficulty in doing something novel is making many of the tough decisions, and that once those design and technical decisions are made (and revealed), it seems "obvious" to others, and is judged simple in comparison. Yes - one of the things that drew me to the project was how building this in an event-sourcing style fits so well here. Doing it that way solves some of the architecture problems reddit talked about in their blog. It seems obvious to me that this is a good approach, but obviously not everyone shares that view! > What were the top things that you felt weren't captured by that premise--for instance, undocumented decisions that you had to discover on your own, or cases where you made tradeoffs that led to unexpected complexity? Were they maianly around bot-mitigation? Thats a great question, but I didn't spend much time surprised. The thing I was most concerned about was kafka, but integrating kafka turned out to be was delightfully easy. I had to write some code to buffer recent operations in my server for catchup - I wish kafka had an API for that, but that wasn't hard to work around. I think getting notifications working would have been a time sink but I explicitly removed them from the spec so I wouldn't have to deal with them. It took me way too long to get kafka actually running through systemd on my linode. But I've spent enough time with apt-get that I wasn't surprised , just disappointed. I was surprised how quickly people started drawing smut, and how much time I needed to spend early on cleaning things up or writing tools to remove large bot-drawn genitals. There are still a lot of decisions around rate limiting that I feel uneasy about. I worry that reddit's 5 minute rule wouldn't work for a little website like mine. I allow ~1 edit per second. Is that a good idea? I don't know. Its an expensive experiment to try different values and see what happens because there's a community involved. And I don't have reddit's huge user base. But maybe I'm being unnecessarily risk averse by allowing so many edits. Forcing slow editing is bolder - it requires a longer commitment to draw, but is probably also much more satisfying to people who create content. Thanks. My blog is running on the same server as the app itself. Its a small linode machine with only 1 CPU core, and nginx isn't keeping up with the traffic of both sites while fighting for CPU with ghost and kafka. So much for my big talk about performance numbers. I'm fixing it as fast as I can. So for context I wrote a websocket-like TCP implementation on top of long polling a few years ago[1], before websockets were well supported in browsers. I'm quite aware of what long polling can and cannot do. Yes, I did dismiss it out of hand in the article. The longer response is this: In this instance long polling would require every request to be terminated at the origin server. I need to terminate at the origin server because every connection will start at a different version. The origin server in this case is running JS, and I don't want to send 100k messages from javascript every second. Performance is good enough, but barely. And with that many objects floating around the garbage collector starts causing mischief. The logic for that endpoint is really simple - it just subscribes to a kafka topic from a client-requested offset and sends all messages to the client. It would be easy to write in native code, and it would perform great. After the per-client prefix, each message is just broadcast to all clients, so you could probably implement it using some really efficient zero-copy broadcast code. The other approach is to bunch edits behind constantly-created URLs, and use long-hanging GETs to fetch them. I mentioned that in the blog post, but its not long-polling - there's no poll. Its just old-school long-hanging GETs. I think that would work, but it requires an HTTP request/response for each client, for each update. A native solution using websockets would be better. (From memory WS have a per-frame overhead of only about 4 bytes) [1] https://github.com/josephg/node-browserchannel Ghost, and I agree. I think the server might be getting thrashed by bots hitting sephsplace. I've spun up a new much bigger server to handle the load. I'm just waiting DNS to propagate and it should start running much smoother. Even if I'm only using a single machine, using kafka allows me to load balance across a local cluster of server processes. This is important for nodejs apps because node is single threaded. And if I skipped kafka I'd still need to store the edit log somewhere for catchup. I've written that code a few times now, and I think its arguably more complicated to implement than just using kafka directly. But right now to help deal with load the process is running across 2 machines. I just had to manually copy the ban list and snapshot database files across. When the server came up it pulled the snapshot version out of the database file, caught up from the kafka log and went to work. Having a nice solution to distribute those files would be lovely - but I made the whole project start to finish in 2 days. I'm not going for 12 factor compliance here. Someone also posted it to the original r/place subreddit. I think a lot of the traffic came from there: https://www.reddit.com/r/place/comments/65hs9j/inspired_by_r... Yes I know - So much for my big talk about handing a large load. There's no substitute for proper load testing. The server that both the app and my blog are on only has 1 core and 1.5gb of ram. I didn't pay close enough attention to kafka, and it turns out kafka was using half of the available ram starving the rest of the processes. And it didn't help people's bots were thrashing POST requests at nginx to edit the page. I've just done some high fructose server maintenance, spinning up a new machine 4 cores and 8 gigs of ram. The old site is proxying all traffic across, and once DNS propagates it'll stop being hit at all. Hopefully that'll ease the congestion. Edit: at the time of writing everything seems back up and happy. Nginx was running out of open file descriptors, kafka was eating all the ram and ghost (my blogging platform) wasn't sending the right cache-control headers. A few tweaks and a bit more CPU to play with and everything seems happier now. Yes. I wanted to do that, but I couldn't find a png library on npm that supports encoding 4 bit paletted pngs. Fixing that was on my todo list from day 1. Although now that I think about it, I could probably get close by using an 8bit greyscale image and then apply the palette in the client. That would probably halve the image size. Probably. I was bullish on docker in the past, but I'm no longer convinced its worth the trouble for small projects. It adds an awful lot of operational complexity for what is essentially a more complex abstraction around processes. I think its a nice tool for deployment and making reproducible builds, but a lot of other things become harder through docker - like managing a databases's data, and communication between local processes. Maybe the tooling has improved in the last few years, but I've gone back to the raw unix coalface. Wouldn't this effect be much stronger in a worker-owned cooperative? Having an equal 20% stake seems much more motivating to me than the 0.4% that you might get as an early employee of a traditional tech startup, even if the shares diminish after you leave. > by financial metrics. There are three stakeholders in any company: * The owners (stockholders) * Employees * Customers When a company makes profit (eg, they manufacture a mattress for $500 thats worth $1000), the profit is divided between those three groups of people. How the money gets divided depends on the relative power those groups hold. - In a market with lots of competition, the price goes down and the customers get a windfall through cheaper products - When there's not enough supply of labour (like in software), the employees can demanding higher wages, better working conditions or shorter hours - And otherwise, usually the owners get the profits. The easiest metric of a company is to evaluate profit to shareholders. Thats not what coops are trying to optimize for. Instead they want a high quality of life for their employees. So I would expect you would see coops rated poorly, even when they're functioning (for their employees) very well. Thats really cool, but its impossible to discover and learn about hidden away in a dusty old thread on the golang-nuts mailing list. If you want your project to become popular & used by a wider audience, it would be totally worth getting a domain and making a website for it. Ideally the site would host demos and links to the spec / implementations - but even something simple with the content described in that thread would be a good start. Ironically it looks like you can't view that page with an add blocker installed. I've got a little transactional KV store in the wings and have been thinking about writing a Go frontend for it. I'd love full SQL support, but there's no way I'm going to implement my own query optimizer. How hard would it be to repurpose this layer to back onto a generic sorted KV store? It this deeply tied in to the rest of cockroachdb's architecture, or does it talk through a simple generic KV store interface? It'd be fun to make a free version using the same concept by rolling your own proof of work system. You could do something like requiring a unique proof of work to be submitted for each pixel change. To change a pixel you need to generate a random number which hashes to a lower value (when interpreted as a bignum) than the existing holder of the pixel. The UI for something like that would be great - your client could just constantly generate random hashes and buffer a list of the best values its has come up with. Then the screen could highlight all pixels you can edit. As you wait longer (and generate better and better hashes), you can edit more 'valuable' pixels. (Of course, that would only work if each hash could only be used once. You could embed the pixel value into the hash's input, but then you'd need to decide which pixels you want to edit before you start generating hashes. And that would be way less fun.) > The people who originally wrote a lot of OSS and Linux software were envisioning a world where Adobe tools would be replaced by Gimp/Inkspace and the Ubuntu desktop would make Windows obsolete except for specific MS software/tasks. That never happened. The reason that never happened has nothing to do with the licenses. It happened because most purely open source programs have abysmal UX. Every time I open Inkscape on my retina macbook I feel like I'm grinding the machine against concrete - it's slow, looks awful, doesn't scale and doesn't use the system's native UI libraries. Somehow all of RMS's charm never seems quite enough to convince designers to fix the glaring, obvious problems. > Does it look like we're not working on it? Frankly, yes. I can't speak for the experience on linux, but on mac Inkscape needs to: - Support high dpi displays - It needs to scroll and zoom smoothly. (There's no reason for it to lag while scrolling and zooming on a modern computer. Every other app on my system manages it). - It needs to use the operating system's menubar instead of xquartz. - Use native controls for everything. That open/save dialog looks like something out of the 90's. - It needs to support smooth scrolling. That would be a start . > If some of the Stallman-ish/revolutionary ideas had happened in the last decade, maybe all of us could spend 20 hours a week trying to fix/improve/rewrite the software we like/need. Today software devs are slaves to the industry. Would any of Stallman's ideas change that? If you could wave a magic wand and make all the BSD/MIT sourcecode out there GPL, how do you imagine that resulting in the gimp being funded, or staffed by good UX designers? I suspect it might put a lot of engineers out of business, because of how much the modern development industry depends on opensource. But then programmers would just have less money. I don't know how that would help bring about stallman's utopia. > Instead what will happen is more tightening of the walled garden You know what? I'm starting to get excited for the walled garden to get more walls. Native desktop applications get far too many permissions by default - its crazy that any desktop application, once running can register itself at startup, see all my files (created by any application), register system-wide keyloggers, take screenshots of other applications and download my contacts list, all without my permission. We don't let web apps do that, because web app developers aren't trusted by default. We don't let mobile apps do that, because mobile app developers aren't trusted by default. Why on earth do we implicitly trust any executable file run on the desktop so much? Telling users not to double click on executables is obviously not working. Even for experienced users I have no idea whether some random app on the internet is trustworthy. Its a reverse lottery. I also suspect ransomware like this one would have been slowed down if it needed explicit user permission to read & modify files on disk. We even know what the sandbox should look like, because we have two working examples in the form of the web and mobile. And we have sandboxing support & APIs in most operating systems. We're just missing the UI part. I'm imagining something like: - All apps get signed by the developer (Lean on SSL? Not sure the chain here.) - The app needs to request capabilities from the user, like on iOS. "App X by Y developer wants permission to read the files in your home directory". (/ Read your contacts / Register at startup / Take screenshots / Modify these files). - Capabilities can be viewed and revoked at a system-wide level in the control panel / system preferences. Yeah I don't want the only distribution model to be an App Store. And I don't want to lose the ability to run things with root access. But I strongly believe that right now apps get too much access by default (read, write all my files is crazy ). And if they need anything beyond that they just ask for root. There needs to be much more granular permissions, with more restrictive defaults and nice informative dialogs. It's unsexy, and inconvenient for developers. But it's the right thing for our users. It's how I want random programs downloaded from the internet to behave. > But then we should ask why don't we do that anyway? Sure. Why didn't we have electric cars before tesla? Why didn't Boeing or Lockheed Martin make reusable rockets? Alan Kay said something[1] recently that has been bouncing around my head for the past few days. He said that many people think darwinian processes (like the economy) optimize. "One my degrees is in molecular biology, and I can tell you, any biologist would say they're absolutely not optimized. The whole point is to fit into some niche in an environment. And if the environment isn't the right kind of environment evolution isn't going to give you something interesting". In the context of the economy, if there's no innovation, and not enough competition, and no new players entering a market, I don't think its all that surprising that the existing companies might stop reaching to be more efficient. It seems strange to think that companies would leave money on the table, but in older industries I think this is exactly what happens. The money just requires too much organizational churn for their corporate appetite. [1] https://youtu.be/DIR6Rmhm3To?t=54m17s There's is a fundamental issue here that comes up with lots of small organizations around security: If your process for prioritizing work is based on which issues people complain about the most, you will never prioritize security issues until its too late. Security problems are never obvious until the horse bolts. It is very easy to accidentally add egregious security vulnerabilities to products if you don't know what you're doing. In fact, accruing small security issues (like this SSH password problem) is the default state of the world. As a user, I pay the cost when products I use have bad security. If I get hacked via your product, it might be embarrassing for you, but its my device and my data that gets compromised. And because of that, I expect most small companies will not care about their product's security as much as I do as a consumer. Of course, once a company grows large enough they'll hire a person or a team to look into their software security. At that point they'll fix all the obvious security issues. The database will gain a password. The root AWS account will stop being shared out amongst employees. Work laptops will have full disk encryption turned on to protect against theft, etc. But until then, as a customer, I should be really nervous. How can you tell the secure products apart from the insecure ones? Well, one of the most obvious signs is that secure products will have already fixed the obvious mistakes. Things like connecting to backend services using unencrypted HTTP. Things like a backdoor-by-default SSH password published on the website. That is why we (security wonks) make a big deal out of small security problems when they're obvious. They're a sign that nobody has even taken a look at the security situation, and for every obvious problem there's probably 10 more that aren't obvious. This issue might get fixed, but thats why your reply doesn't make me less nervous. --- And thats a shame, because your project seems super cool and I really want you to succeed! This has come across much more negative than I intended, and I'm more frustrated at the startup industry over this than I am frustrated with you or what you're doing. Hopefully you can get a security review done at some point to make sure there aren't any other simple problems that need to be dealt with. I'm looking forward to seeing where it goes. > Synchronizing data in real-time is computationally expensive No, its not. I was responsible for implementing, deploying and managing the infrastructure at lever.co when we were a tiny fledgeling startup. The entire application is built on top of JSON OT. I took some measurements at one point when we had ~thousands of active browser sessions of our app. At the time we were seeing about 1-2 OT merges (transform + re-apply) per day . All the other non-concurrent operations can get sent straight to the database. I don't know what the numbers are now, but I'd be shocked if OT ever becomes the bottleneck. For text based OT you'll see more concurrent edits. But for text based OT, I have a little C library that can comfortably do 20 million simple text OT transforms/second on a single core of my old 2012 macbook air. Good luck making that a bottleneck. > Not saying it's not feasible but it's not going to be as fast as making a plain REST call for those use cases that don't require synching. The whole point of OT is that it lets you fearlessly merge concurrent edits. You can lean on that to rate limit messages to or from the client, if you need to. Because the client can always apply its own edits immediately to its own local model, there's no perceived latency. So, if you design your system right you can batch up changes at any granularity you like (per page, per form, per second, dynamically based on load, whatever). Of course, the tradeoff is that you lean on the OT system more by batching up edits. But it can be made effectively free to transform if the edits modify different parts of the database (using range trees to cull, etc). But yeah - it is much faster than differential transform. I'm not sure how good diffing algorithms are in practice, but best case they need to scan the entire document. On the other hand OT only requires size & computation proportional to how much was changed. If we're collaboratively editing a 10kb text file, changes will mostly only be a few bytes each. And applying each change using a good rope library is a O(log n) operation. Of course, all this requires a database which supports OT out of the box whistles innocently I enjoyed dumping on Google earlier too. I love firebase, but I've talked two companies I've worked with out of using it for new, mission critical projects. The earlier article made me feel completely vindicated in my recommendations. I simply have no trust that: - Google won't randomly cancel firebase (wave, reader, etc) - Google won't randomly, suddenly jack up the prices for firebase, leaving users in the lurch (appengine) - When something mission critical breaks or changes, I'll have any way of contacting someone who cares, no matter how much my company is paying for the service. (Google's support forums are a pit of sorrow) I was reading an article the other day talking about personhood[1]. It makes the point that part of being a member of society is the idea of standing . That is, if you break your word there has to be a way for you to lose out as a result. If there isn't, its impossible for anyone to enter into an agreement with you because you can't be trusted. Forming an agreement requires both sides to have skin in the game. I don't genuinely believe that google has skin in the game when it comes to cloud services for small-to-medium customers. Its just too easy for them to drop the ball, stop answering emails and leave customers in the lurch. They've done it again and again. I'd say its the default way Google operates. Thomas Schelling from The Strategy of Conflict: > Among the legal privileges of corporations, two that are mentioned in textbooks are the right to sue and the "right" to be sued. Who wants to be sued! But the right to be sued is the power to make a promise: to borrow money, to enter a contract, to do business with someone who might be damaged. If suit does arise, the "right" seems a liability in retrospect; beforehand it was a prerequisite to doing business. Please, firebase. Please be different. But know that thats the reputation you're fighting against. Thats the reputation you've inherited by joining Google. But for now I'm standing by my earlier recommendations. [1] http://www.meltingasphalt.com/personhood-a-game-for-two-or-m... > Did you personally use Wave yourself? Thanks for the history lesson grasshopper. I have used wave - I was on the google Wave team here in Sydney. I was working on it the day the project was cancelled. (An intern then a contractor though, not a FTE, for reasons that are obvious in retrospect.) I'm quite aware it was opensourced - I was part of the 6 person skeleton crew that opensourced it. Look me up in the codebase if you like - grep for comments in the Apache Wave codebase by @gentle. I think I still have commit access. To catch you up, the opensource effort floundered. Unsurprisingly the 350k lines of dense, complicated, glitchy GWT java code we threw over the wall hasn't found the community of experienced developers it needs to fix bugs and add features. Its barely had a commit land in the last 3 years. Like reader for you, Wave's cancellation was somewhat personal for me. Here's a secondary tragedy you might not know if you've only read Wave's wikipedia page: About 6 months before Wave was cancelled, Google bought AppJet (makers of Etherpad). Their team came to Sydney to work on Wave. After Wave was cancelled, for guessable reasons the AppJet team would stay at google for the next few years. They got stuck working on non-etherpad, non-wave projects. Their team eventually split apart and would never be reunited. The tragedy of google Wave resulted in not 1 but 2 innovative collaborative editors dying. Do I trust Google to maintain projects I care about? No, duh. Picasa. Google Buzz. Protobuf spent years being unmaintained. Sparrow (the email client). Google Code Search. Orkut. GTalk's commitment to open messaging protocols. Glass. If firebase doesn't get enough traction, do you think they'll keep it around, SLAs or no? I wouldn't bet money on it. I certainly wouldn't bet my business or professional reputation on it. > All of Google's enterprise offerings have support. I know, because I actually work in such a support team. Great. So why did google stop returning calls and emails from HomeAutomation? This thread exists because one of firebase's cofounders dropped the ball on an email. Why did a busy cofounder result in a complete communications blackout to a paying customer? https://medium.com/@contact_16315/firebase-costs-increased-b... There's an old piece of wisdom that the only way to get google to fix something is to either know a google engineer or complain loudly enough on social media. Yesterday that saying seemed to still be true. I'm sure you work really hard to fight this problem at Google. Thankyou for that. I can't imagine its an easy job. But Google has a long way to go before I'm willing to lock my product in to one of their newish services. Huh? The demo seems to be working fine on my iPhone. I'm using a 6s+ / current version of mobile safari. No way. The point of an issue tracker is to be a todo list of bugs and features for the project. Its right there in the name - issue tracker . Ideally when a bug is fixed, I can mark the issue as FIXED and move on to the next one. Questions in an issue tracker are like rocks in my shoes. You have to work around them, and they bug you (the developer), not the person who put the rock there. When can a maintainer close a question-issue? Never - because whether a question has been resolved is up to the person asking , not the person answering. As a maintainer, if half the open issues in an issue tracker are questions, my "open issues list" is suddenly completely useless. And this is really common because lots of people asking questions will disappear and never never close the issue once the question has been answered. User questions are important, but the github issue tracker isn't the right place for them. If you want to take notes but the only paper you can find is my todo list, its still not ok to take notes in my todo list. Github issues is the same. I've been enjoying sql-template-strings lately, which build on ES6 tagged template literals so you get the best of both worlds: dbquery(sql`select * from friends where user_id = ${userId}`) https://www.npmjs.com/package/sql-template-strings Great work! I've replaced npm with yarn for development because it seems to install packages about 10x faster than npm. Has npm 5 caught up in speed yet? It was cool seeing a demo at the end made using Choo[1]. Choo is my favorite in the current sea of react clones. I like it because its tiny (4k vs react's ~200k). Choo supports server-side rendering. And its made out of smaller modules which are all independently useful (DOM generator, diff engine and router). Instead of using JSX files, choo uses ES6 tagged template literals. As a result the code doesn't need a compilation step at all. But you can still actually compile the templates if you want for better performance + a smaller JS bundle in production. Its great stuff. I'm a huge fan. [1] https://github.com/yoshuawuyts/choo Ugh, that is way harder to read than html` oh hai ${name} `. They both work without compilation, and they can both compile to the same code anyway. Maybe you can get used to hyper, but ES6 tagged template literals are much easier on the eyes. > People who are forgotten leave no legacy. You're equating fame with legacy then assuming Woz failed at his goals because he didn't end up famous. Fame might matter to you, but its very obvious that fame doesn't matter to Woz. As for legacy, Woz's legacy will be his work. My sister doesn't know Wozniak's name, but she loves her iphone and carries it everywhere she goes. Her iphone wouldn't exist as it does today without Woz. If thats not a ringing endorsement of his work, I don't know what is. ‎Jeremy Ashkenas (author of coffeescript) helped bring es6 up to par. You can see the influence of coffeescript all over es6 in the class syntax, string interpolation and destructuring. It would be wrong to say that the investment we (as an industry) made in coffeescript was a waste. Far from it. And Slack is a modern version of IRC :) It keep being surprised by how much a fresh coat of CSS and a mobile app can reinvigorate these old ideas. Who knew how important adding gifs and emoticons would be? > 1.) This is abut children. Their brains are not developped yet and their motivation is flicky. Pedagogy matters a lot. Pedagogy matters for adults too. The best kind of pedagogy is pedagogical content knowledge. That is, how do you plan a lesson around the specific content you're teaching? For example, what metaphors are effective for a given topic? What are the common stumbling blocks? What classroom exercises and demos are the best? I've taught first year programming for a few years to collage age students. I don't have data, but I'd guess the difference between an effective lesson and an ineffective lesson is somewhere around 3-4x. That is, if I teach a concept (eg, pointers) ineffectively it seems to take about 3-4 times as long for a median student to 'get it' compared to if I teach it well. Out of a classroom of about 25 people, there will be about 5 students who are going to become great programmers no matter what I do. And about 5 students who I am convinced will never learn to program, or if they do it'll take them about 2-3x as long as everyone else to master the skill. The knowledge that the remaining 15 students walk out of my classroom with is dependant on my skill teaching programming. Practically speaking most of those students actually learn a patchwork of the things I happened to teach effectively plus whatever they learned on their own while doing assignments. I hope its enough. Also seems to work great in Safari! > I LOVE the pattern-matching/deconstruction/guards stuff. It eliminates SO much boilerplate logic. I recently ported some simple plaintext operational transform code to Go and Swift to compare the languages, and this is so true. A lack of parameterised enums and a decent match block resulted in the Go code being about 50% larger than the swift equivalent. And the extra size bought me nothing! I find the Go code to be less readable and it had more bugs out of the gate. IDE screenshots: https://twitter.com/josephgentle/status/876639761166770176 Its a shame too, because I adore Go's concurrency features and APIs. Server side swift seems barbaric, and I lust over Go's scheduler and networking APIs. Maybe its time to give Elixir a try. It sounds like it might be at a nice sweet spot of modern language features, concurrency and a mature ecosystem. (NB: I'm new at both languages. A more experienced Go programmer might write that code differently. I don't find myself wondering that with Swift because its much more idiomatic.) It'd be nice to have a simple way to limit a chrome tab's available CPU in the same way. The computers, tablets and phones most people browse on are an order of magnitude slower than the desktop machines we use to develop. > The world is absolutely full of utterly brilliant women. ... Brilliant women who aren't interested in programming. Why not? If they're turning away from programming because of sexism, we can and should be fixing that. If they're turning away from programming because women are less likely to be interested in systems thinking, and thus fewer women find programming as interesting as men do then its fine. Let the women who want to program be programmers. Let the women who want to be lawyers, or mums, or doctors do that instead. The research suggests that both of these things are happening. If you talk to girls thinking about careers they say "programming is for boys". Also, men and women have very different interest distributions. And one of the clearest ways people express their personal interests is via their career. You could also ask the same question about a career with an inverse gender distribution like nursing. Why are only ~10% of nurses male? Some of the effect size is probably sexism, but probably a lot of it is that (statistically) fewer men are as interested in caring for other humans as women are. Any sexism found should be fixed. But if the difference is due to expressed preference, its fine and we should all chill out. > Women whom make less simply because of their gender ... My understanding is that most of this effect is caused by: - Women taking breaks in their career to start families - Women preferring jobs that give them more time to spend with their children. Jobs that have better benefits often have worse pay (Eg lawyer vs schoolteacher.) - Society values traditionally feminine jobs less than traditionally masculine jobs I'm not sure how pushing for more women to become programmers will help address any of these issues. Alright, I'll bite. But, I've never heard of any research suggesting women have a different cognitive capacity than men. I read some research a number of years ago suggesting cross-culturally women had better language skills than men, but I don't know if this is still considered to be true. I can't remember reading anything in the manifesto which suggested women are less capable as software engineers. The essay did suggest women were less interested in programming than men (obviously true - see enrolment figures) and that at least some of the effect size is due to biological factors (probably true - see below). --- None of these links suggest any capacity difference. Only that there is a biologically influenced gender difference in interests. Here's an essay contextualising and summarising the historical specifics of male and female gender roles in society: http://www.denisdutton.com/baumeister.htm Here's a study of how prenatal androgen effects psychological thing vs people orientation, and how it influences career choice: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3166361/ A summary of studies looking at big 5 personality distributions and other effects. Of note is the long section describing blindspots in current research: "Gender Differences in Personality and Interests: When, Where and Why?" http://sci-hub.cc/10.1111/j.1751-9004.2010.00320.x Here's a Dutch documentary where they send a camera crew around asking different researchers about gender differences: https://youtu.be/cVaTc15plVs?t=30m49s The full documentary is great. Their conclusion is that biological factors result in an overlapping but different distribution of personalities between men and women. These differences result in statistically different career preferences. A talk by researcher Steven Pinker on the subject, where he argues that biological differences result in at least some of the effect size in STEM interests: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n691pLhQBkw&t=1057s This is part of a debate on the subject. (Not linked) Prof Elizabeth Spelke responds, but I found her argument to be much less convincing than Pinker. Watch both, make up your own mind. The people-things orientation has an extremely large effect size for social science. The Su et al. meta-analysis from 2009 found an effect size of 0.86 with N > 500,000 participants. Lippa (N > 200,000) found an effect size of 1.40. http://sci-hub.cc/10.1111/j.1751-9004.2010.00320.x If you don't believe the research is solid, please post some convincing counter studies. I made one of those in C, using skip lists instead of trees so it wouldn't need rebalancing: https://github.com/josephg/librope It could happily do 5M random single character edits / second on my old laptop. Its wild what you can pull off with C. Much more memory efficient too (it uses about 4 pointers of overhead per 180 characters). I'd love to see a version which supported traversal using more methods though - that library needs to support searching by line as well as character count. I tried porting it to Rust a few times but unfortunately couldn't figure out how to port it without introducing indirection everywhere. Modern 'C replacement' languages don't let you do the same funky memory management tricks. (Like using a dynamically sized array at the end of a struct allocated in the same block.) Even using unsafe I couldn't figure out how to pull it off in rust without doubling my heap allocations. Each item in the skip list has an associated randomly sized list of next pointers. In C I store that list at the end of the node data structure, and dynamically allocate the struct based on how much memory I need (basically, size of static array of characters + size of dynamic nexts array). In Rust in theory I can make my struct unsized to do the same thing. (Well, it pushes the nexts height out into the pointer but that's not too bad). But there doesn't seem to be any syntax to initialise the values in my unsized struct array itself once I've allocated it - even in unsafe. If you can figure out simply how to initialize a custom heap-allocated unsized struct I'll happily keep working on it. My conclusion at the time (and, still, after trying out tokio) is that rust isn't mature enough to replace C yet. I'm not sure if it's politically acceptable to say this these days, but maybe it's ok if people experience discomfort sometimes. It's ok to see icky things, or are 'forced' to remember an unpleasant memory. It's not the responsibility of the people around you to protect your feelings, and your bubble. There is often more value in science existing than in some marginal perceived harms incurred from a handful of people getting interviewed. Your emotional wellbeing is your responsibility, not the responsibility of the people around you. And on a personal level, we don't grow from being comfortable. The opposite - we grow through discomfort. We grow through facing our demons and realising that they don't actually kill us. Some of the ants will drown. But they use the arrangement of bodies to trap air bubbles, keeping the colony as a whole afloat and alive. Its an amazing trick to have figured out. There is also a pretty easy cryptographic solution for your offline backups: In your backup, encrypt each user's data using a per-user key (AES or something). The keys will be tiny, so you can store the keys in a hot database. When a user deletes their account, simply purge the user's key. Tada - like magic all of that user's data on your tape backups has turned into unreadable noise. So keep a backup of your hot database in S3 or something, and make a workflow by which you can periodically update it. Or make a write-only backup of your encryption keys every day and only keep the backups for a week (or a month, or whatever the legal requirement is). Complying with this requirement will require us as an industry to make some changes to how we store user data. But the amount of work each company needs to do is proportional to the complexity of our existing backup system. If you're a tiny startup and don't keep offline backups at all, you can just delete the user from your database. The more complex & rigorous your backup system is, the more complex your user deletion system will need to be. Its a hassle, but no moreso than any other requirements we deal with on a daily basis. Yes, this is a constant sourse of amazement for me too! The chrome team at google is well over 1000 people. (The opensource code base now has over 800 committers). The initial release had 100 committers[1], so probably about as many man hours have gone into google chrome in the last year than were put into the project in its first ~5 years of existence or something. In the last year just shy of 1.5 million non-blank lines of code[2] have been added to the browser, which is more code than was in the whole browser when it was first launched, webkit included. But what does all that new code do ?? I'd challenge anyone who's not a developer to name a single new feature added to chrome in the last year. I'm a web developer and I struggle to name more than 5 changes. Its easy to pick on chrome because the numbers are mostly-public. But the same is probably true of facebook.com, ms office and all sorts of other big company products. As features compound, the marginal value of each additional line of code added becomes vanishingly small. (All the really useful features have already been added, and project iteration gets much slower in big projects). There are thousands of engineers working on facebook.com. If they all quietly left and were never replaced, how long do you think it would take before anyone in the public would notice? 6 months? 1 year? Longer? And if thats the case, what a waste of that huge pool of talent. If you could leave your job without any of your users noticing or caring, what a waste of your education and your potential. Quit and start that company you've always been dreaming about starting. Go do literally anything of substance. [1] https://www.openhub.net/p/chrome/contributors/summary [2] https://www.openhub.net/p/chrome/analyses/latest/languages_s... I suspect it doesn't include ChromeOS but does include the chrome android app. Someone please correct me if I'm wrong. They've definitely been busy, somehow. And they've definitely added a few marginal features here and there in the last year (position:sticky, grids, css modules, headless snapshot rendering all come to mind for me). But 1.5 million code reviewed lines of programmer effort seems disproportionally expensive for what they've done. How many startups could you start given 1000 google engineer-years of effort? 100? Don't get me wrong, I like webassembly. But the output of 100 new startups with world class engineering teams and 1 year of runway sounds much more interesting by every metric that I can think of. That sounds like a great idea. Does anything like that exist already? When I checked out rust a year ago, I tried to implement three things: - Some OT code. This went ok, but I still have no idea which of the 6 string types I should use for a library like that. I think I ended up settling for Rc > or something, but it still wasn't ideal. Swift, Go and C all each have a canonical string type. - First I tried to make a skip list with performance matching the performance of my C implementation. I discovered that even with unsafe there was no way to make a struct with a dynamically sized array at the end, like I can easily do in C. - Then I tried to make a networked server using tokio. Despite all the hype, adding a dynamic item to the event bus didn't work because it wasn't 'static didn't work. After spending a few hours fighting the borrow checker, I went online and was told that this would get better with impl trait or something. I'd really like to use rust, but as far as I can tell its not mature enough for what I want. I've started a new server project recently and I'm writing it in straight C, as none of the newcomer C-replacement languages I tried seem good enough to replace C. > There are two string types: a string that owns its contents and a string that references its contents. This is the same as in any language that uses smart pointers for resource management. There's String, &str, Cow , Rc and other variants. None is canonical. I spent about 2 hours reading documentation trying to pick the right type to use and I think I ended up with Rc >. But in this instance my strings represent character edits in a document. 90% of the time they're >) }, but encapsulated behind a common string interface. Coincidentally, this is exactly how the canonical string implementation works in obj-c and (I think) swift. Despite having 6 different options maybe the string type I actually want is buried in Cargo. I'm not sure - at this point I was tired and I stopped trying. To me this is a classic symptom of a language trying to do too much. Having all this choice is great for systems development, but for application-level development I don't want X different string options. You want 1. And I want it to be good. Having lots of options would be fine if the language was more opinionated - "Unless you know what you're doing you should just use String, which is efficient, immutable, copy-on-write and ref counted. Click here (link to advanced section of book) to read about your other options if you want more control over allocations." > Yes, you can. You can make a one element array and allocate and deallocate manually, just as you do in C. The offset method on pointers allows for arbitrary pointer arithmetic. Does it? At the time even with unsafe there was no way to directly call malloc. Maybe I just couldn't find it in the docs, or maybe thats changed now. I spent weeks on and off trying to get it working, including reading the rust unsafe nomicon and writing dozens of linked list implementations. I tried out all sorts of weird ways to allocate and initialize the array. I kept thinking of new ideas, only to find out a critical piece of syntax was missing. In the end I could allocate the struct I wanted but discovered it was syntactically impossible to initialize, or something silly like that. And at that point I gave up. Maybe this problem has been fixed since. And maybe if I spent even more time trying I would have figured it out. But I was tired and I had work to do. > I haven't used Tokio, but couldn't you use a boxed trait? I don't know what that is. Frankly I'm still confused why Rc<> didn't work. I got about 6 different answers when I asked the rust subreddit how to fix this. Some people suggested things that also didn't compile. Some people said I should make my object 'static (no thanks). And others said the problem would be fixed when trait impl lands (whatever that is - is that what you're talking about?). This use case is literally the 'hello world' of nodejs code - attach an event handler to an object, interact with local variables each time the event fires. At least as of a year ago the tokio devs clearly thought all network servers only did request/response style interaction. All the examples on their website were either an echo server or an http server. I need streams. I really want to be able to use rust. But so far my only experience with it has been one of frustration. It seems too immature to replace C as a systems language, and tokio seems too immature to replace Nodejs for network services. Maybe I'll revisit it in a few years, but at this point I'm more hopeful either someone will bolt decent syntax on top of Go a la coffeescript, or that Swift will add language level support for concurrency. (I'd be happy with either async or go's actor model.) To be clear, I'm not saying Chrome's thousands of engineers aren't busy. They're obviously adding literally millions of lines of code that does something . I'm saying the features they're adding are very marginal. All the important stuff was added years ago. 1000 world-class software engineers can help solve some of the world's really important problems, and writing a "web share API" or bringing back web notifications sounds like a tragic waste of their talent. "I saw the best minds of my generation consumed putting advertising next to pictures of cats" > Bcachefs is developed by a single person (however brilliant he may be) on a part time basis (I see only 4 commits since May this year). I'm not sure how true this is of filesystems, but a lot of the best software I know is (or at least, was) developed by a single person. For example, Redis, Sqlite, Lmdb, most malloc implementations, varnishcache, h2o, (nginx?), chipmunk-2d, most of dragonflybsd (including HAMMER). Many projects get more contributors after the code is working well enough to see popular production use. But programmers working alone can accomplish some pretty impressive stuff. I haven't, and its a good idea. I wrote a bunch of C# code back in 2007 and I consistently enjoyed it. - It seems like a very pragmatic language choice. But if I'm going to move further away from the hardware in exchange for some language comforts & quality of life improvements, Elixir is the next language I want to try. I think both its concurrency primitives and immutability rules might be the right language-level defaults. This sort of thing is the absolute pits. Now that position: sticky is in CSS, are there any good reasons browsers don't rate limit onscroll event handlers? This is a problem in how lots of people do event sourcing, but its not a fundamental problem with event sourcing. If you enforce strict ordering of events throughout your stack and do operation catchup properly, these sorts of bugs are completely avoidable. That doesn't prove that the NYT's money was poorly spent. Decisions are always slow and expensive, and typing is quick. Copying an existing design is almost always cheaper than making the original. And in many cases, copying is dramatically cheaper. My favorite example is the iOS game Threes[1], which took 14 months to make and then was cloned on android in ~20 days. It was cloned so quickly that the original developers were accused of copying the cloned version! But just because the cloners made a functionally identical product doesn't mean they did the same work as the original designers. They got to skip designing anything - which is usually the hardest and slowest part. [1] http://asherv.com/threes/threemails/ > In this case, it's not clear if it's the YouTube account or the Google account that has been flagged for deletion (support articles suggest there is a distinction). Either way, support articles indicate that rationale for the action taken would have been provided to the user. We've heard a number of stories like this of people who have their youtube videos flagged for various reasons. The lived experience of people who go through it sounds hellish. Their entire digital life on google is suspended and held to ransom by some completely opaque, inscrutable, byzantine process that is not accountable to anyone. There is no real way to appeal, and once deleted there may or may not be any way to recover lost data or have emails sent to your old address forwarded to another account. If your account was suspended, would you really trust that the knowledge base answers are correct? If you're wrong you'd have no account, no access to your own email address, no power, and no way of contacting anyone at google to help. If my account was suspended by a machine and couldn't get in touch with a human to help fix it, there's no way I'd continue to trust google's automated processes to get everything figured out. Not when so much is at stake. As someone who's worked at google for over a decade if something happened to your account, you'd be fine - you'd be able to contact someone and get it fixed. But without that recourse, scared paranoia seems pretty reasonable. Cool! I've been wanting something like this for a long time for IDE-suggested type annotations. "From test execution it looks like parameters x and y are always numbers. Add type annotations automatically?" Or a linter could give optimization recommendations: "Warning: Function deoptimized at runtime because in 2% of calls to this function parameter x is an object." I wish there was a way to do signed, git-verified builds for phone apps. Right now even if a project is opensource there's no way to tell that the version I have on my phone actually matches the source code I read in github. I'm imagining a process where you point Apple or Google to your project's source tree. They download it and do the actual build process, and then the git SHA of the codebase they compiled gets signed and embedded in the build artifact. As a result, I could go into my phone and see the SHA of the code thats actually running, to make sure the developer of an opensource app hasn't quietly bundled in any changes that don't appear in the source tree. Of course, this is still vulnerable to tampering from Apple or Google, but they have that capability anyway. Just to add to this, probably the biggest, most important reason to have language-level concurrency primitives is the 3rd party package ecosystem. In Go, Erlang and Nodejs packages don't need to make any decisions about what kind of concurrency to use. The postgres driver in go will expose a blocking API, and the postgres driver in node will expose a continuation-passing-style API, or use promises. Everyone who uses those languages already knows how to consume those APIs. In these languages its very hard for an experienced developer to make concurrency mistakes - you can instead spend all your time thinking about the actual problem you're trying to solve. In C, Swift and Rust this isn't true (yet). Despite all three of these languages having lots of tools for concurrency, the lack of standardisation means you can't just grab any postgres library. You also have to look at how that library does threading and figure out how to correctly integrate it with the threading model you're using in your own code. (Does it depend on tokio? Does it use posix threads? GCD? Green threads? Async?). This turns the 3rd party package ecosystem in these languages into a fragmented minefield. As far as I know there are 4 main swift-based http server libraries[1] at the moment. Each one works slightly differently. Because they all roll their own concurrency tools, they're all mutually incompatible. Each one has implemented its own static file server, its own hsts header middleware, its own json parser, etc. I'm not sure about erlang but in node and go because the concurrency primitives are standard, they're all similar enough that you can migrate code between them or wrap a tool thats designed for one to work for another. (Of course rust has tokio, but tokio is being rewritten[2]. Rust also has mio and raw threads. In a few years we'll probably have strong standards for both swift and rust, but until then the ecosystems will be a mess compared to the bliss of node and go.) [1] https://medium.com/@rymcol/current-features-benefits-of-the-... [2] https://tokio.rs/blog/tokio-reform/ > Are you absolutely certain that everything that jQuery does can now be done in a clear and concise way using plain Javascript? Can you give us some examples of things that you're worried can't be written clearly using plain JS? Obviously everything you can do with jquery you can do without jquery. Its just a library. > Can you have a sophisticated selector for Event Delegation without using jQuery but make the code concise and easy to read? What do you mean by event delegation in this context? > What about child selectors ("ul.thisClass > li.thatClass" > span.otherClass") document.querySelector / querySelectorAll supports this. Its available in all browsers on all platforms if thats how you chose to make web apps: http://caniuse.com/#feat=queryselector I haven't tested it but I think this should work: fetch(url) .then(res => res.status === 200 ? res.json() : Promise.reject(res)) .then(data => { ... }) I suppose. Or just use a polyfill for old browsers. It increases your code size a little, but at least the bloat is temporary. https://github.com/github/fetch or https://www.npmjs.com/package/fetch-ie8 > with gcc to keep a lid on the effects of undefined behavior (and often more or even stricter options, such as -fwrapv). Speaking of which, a killer feature I'd like to see in a C compiler is a flag for debug mode which SIGABRTs whenever it enters an undefined behaviour codepath. For example, sometimes the compiler knows that if pointers alias, or an integer overflows or something, it can do whatever it wants. I want a flag which will automatically add assertions to the generated code, so at least in debug mode it'll crash if thats ever actually the case. > Is it a moral failing to be slow to update a Struts vulnerability? Yes. As a professional engineer you are responsible for the systems you build and maintain. The security of the modern internet depends on engineers on the ground understanding and proactively fixing security issues. There is no one else who can take responsiblity for code you deploy to production. The buck stops with you. I've seen this sort of thing happen before, and I think there's a big danger in leaving senior engineers lonely in a company. Imagine how differently this would have played out if 'Rick' had someone at their technical level to talk to. They could bounce ideas off another person and they could help field questions from the team when busy. It sounds like Rick made some potentially questionable technical decisions - but with another very experienced dev around they could keep each other honest and on point. The problems that come from having only 1 junior dev on the team are obvious - that person will feel alone and out of their depth, and like they're bothering everyone with their problems. But there are similar issues from having only 1 senior dev on a team. That person will naturally try to take responsibility for every aspect of your technology stack. They will do that naturally because the only other option they will see is to let mistakes slip in to the product. And a technical leadership position is a leadership position. Being a good technical leader requires time away from programming to mentor, code review and brainstorm. It requires you to hold meetings, support your team and keep others accountable to standards. The people side of that is a set of skills many programmers don't have. Ultimately by firing that person you're saying that your team cohesion is more important than quality in the product. Thats a totally reasonable choice. Its also an option that a skilled manager would be able to bring Rick on board with. "Hey Rick, over the long term we want to build an amazing team. You're the most skilled person we have, and we think in the long run the mentoring you've been doing is going to provide more value than getting this particular iteration of our product out the door. We want you in on the long term vision of our company having great engineering, which might mean this next release slips - but we think extra mentoring will be worth it. What do you think?" ... Etc. Why socket.io instead of just plain websockets? Socket.io adds a lot of complexity in the client and the server. What commensurate benefit does it provide? http://caniuse.com/#feat=websockets (Several years of realtime editing experience reporting in) Plain text CRDT and OT systems are often mutually adaptable. Even if they aren't directly compatible, with a bit of work it'll probably be possible to adapt from one realtime editing protocol to the other. Of course, in the medium to long term having a standard for OT/CRDT operations that works in a lot of source code editors would be fantastic. Its a great feature. I have a ledger nano S. It looks like a big USB key, so it would be really easy to lose. Or it could break or malfunction or get stolen or something. I don't want to risk a significant chunk of my assets on the off chance that happens, so I store the recovery keys in a safe place as a backup. Now, given that I have recovery keys stored in a safe place anyway, the ledger itself is somewhat disposable. Its still a great way to actually access my money, but if something happens to it I can just get a new ledger. So, yes, I want it to wipe itself if the wrong PIN is entered a few times. That feature means if I lose the ledger I can relax knowing my money is still safe even if somebody finds it. I'm really surprised we haven't seen the functional style of elm, react and friends backported into modern gui frameworks. A react-like framework for native apps written entirely in swift would be killer - swift is a much better language than JS, and the resulting apps would be much smaller and snappier than what we get with electron or react native. C#/F# would be a great candidate for this kind of thing too. I'm going to go out on a limb and say maybe this isn't Microsoft's fault. Microsoft's updates have triggered a bug, but the bug is in the firmware of that crappy router. Thats where the issue needs to be fixed. That’s gorgeous. How much bigger does it grow if you heap allocate? Does it include 2mb of extra code like in normal desktop builds? I'm curious about this too. I hand-wrote a perlin noise generation function in asmjs when that was the future. Then I called my noise function from a loop in javascript to paint an image (1 call per pixel - about 1M calls). Running the perlin noise code with the asmjs engine in Firefox turned out to be a bit slower than running all the code through FF's regular javascript engine. The asmjs code ran fast, but the FFI overhead at the boundary between JS and asmjs made the system slower overall. Given how easy it looks, I might try the same experiment with Rust & WASM to see where we're at. That said, this is the sort of thing which can definitely be improved over time. Thats much smaller than I expected, especially given how large rust native binaries usually are. What allocator does that use? Does that 65k include its own malloc implementation like we needed for asmjs, or does WASM expose a system malloc library or something? For what its worth, the web community is currently pretty conflicted on using this approach. jQuery is often loaded from CDNs, while React (and friends) are almost always bundled into each app individually. I'd like to say there's a principled reason behind this, but I think the main reason is that the tooling (webpack, browserify) makes it simpler to embed react than use a CDN version. Actual benchmarks are pretty mixed. If you have a cached CDN copy of react it can be a little faster. But if you get a cache miss, the extra overhead of hitting another host to load dependancies is often 10x-100x slower for unlucky users than downloading 80k(?) of additional gzipped javascript. Its especially bad with react because unless you do isomorphic rendering, your page isn't visible at all until react is downloaded. I suspect Rust's stdlib will compress to a similar size (maybe a little bigger), and the speed saving you're hoping for won't really be worth it in practice; even if you get around the monomorphising problem. Maybe - but it will also give ISPs an excuse to artificially slow down any website which doesn't pay. And that would hurt all the small websites out there that either don't want to or can't afford to pay off the ISPs. Today, you can make a new facebook competitor that will run just as fast as facebook.com. You just have to rent some servers and write some software. Without net neutrality, that might no longer be the case. I've been doing this stuff for awhile now using the same plotter (an Axidraw). Its great fun, and I used it to make christmas presents this year (eg: https://twitter.com/josephgentle/status/947820082218000384 ). I find it really satisfying to be able to make beautiful art despite having rubbish drawing skills. There's a whole community of us on twitter sharing our weird creations. Join us at #plottertwitter if you're curious: https://twitter.com/hashtag/plottertwitter?src=hash That’s an interesting idea, but it sounds like your argument rests on two assertions: 1) Professions tend to become more gender biased over time 2) It was equally likely that computing become a female dominated field. These are novel claims that require justification. If (1) was true, we should expect to see it in other fields. But many industries seem quite stubbornly gender neutral - for example medicine. (Although many specialties are male dominated or female dominated). And if (2) were true we should see the same profession have different gender biases in different cultures. But I don’t think we see that either. My understanding is that generally the direction of gender bias we see in other highly gender biased fields is consistent cross-culturally. (nurse, prison guard, career criminal, construction worker, child care worker, etc). > The development of computing has occurred rapidly and recently, and after air travel and telephony, such that there really is only one global culture for it. I agree and acknowledge that. But many other fields are much older than computing, and arose independently in separate countries (medicine, childcare, law, organised crime, nursing, farming, cooking, construction, etc). If your hypothesis were true we should expect strong, consistent gender biases in all those fields. And we would expect that the dominant gender in different fields would vary across different cultures. But we see the opposite of that in the world - the dominant gender in different professions is remarkably consistent between isolated cultures. In the case of child care its even consistent cross-species. SSC had a much more in-depth analysis than I'll manage in this comment. The onus is on you to explain why we don't see that actually happen in the world, as would be predicted by your theory. http://slatestarcodex.com/2017/08/07/contra-grant-on-exagger... > The body of work is already so large, and readily available to everyone, that starting from a different foundation today really does require the fictional time stasis bubble that I described. I understand why this feels true, but in practice it is easier today than it has ever been to make novel user interfaces for programmers and users. There are no gatekeepers between you and your code editor. Please experiment with this; I'd love to see what you come up with. Something I keep coming back to in all this is that maybe we should be surprised that it’s even possible to share a CPU between mutually untrusted programs, let alone do it in so many contexts. How do we stop his entire class of bugs? What is the Rust for CPU design? Interesting. Did men actually make up the majority of nurses back then, or are we just talking about fluctuations in how much of a minority men were in nursing? From the wikipedia article you linked: > The term nosocomial originates from the latin nosocomi, the name given to male care-givers, meaning that men were prominent in Ancient Rome ... If they needed a special word for male care-givers in ancient rome, that implies they assumed care givers were female by default. You don't even need foreign languages to run into this problem. English is the only language I speak fluently, but I'm Australian. I'm also a programmer, and I have some american friends. So, depending on context sometimes I spell 'color' (programming or talking to Americans), and sometimes I spell 'colour' (talking to Australian friends and family). Same with behaviour / behavior, favour / favor, etc. The context for which spelling I decide to use is complicated. In the same document I might name the `getColor` function, but describe it as getting the colour of a pixel. I might have two chat windows open side-by-side with different people and in each window spell the same words differently. All my devices insist on shaming me (or autocorrecting me) for one of those spellings. At this point it feels like a complete gamble which I'll get corrected on. I'm just slowly getting used to correcting the autocorrect. :( People keep saying that, but the lightning network is in testing at the moment and when it gets widely deployed we should start seeing near zero transaction fees on the bitcoin network. You can say what you want about the philosophy of that - the lightning network will add yet another group of people who collectively have an outsized control over the network. But if the scaling issues get addressed I don't see any reason why it couldn't work as a currency. And it looks like they are being (slowly) addressed. I think "watch X destroy Y" is just youtube's version of clickbait. I suspect you'll find videos like that tailored to most groups on youtube. I sometimes use them as trailers for longer talks that I might enjoy - although I always feel a little guilty for encouraging this sort of thing. In this case I found their interview to be excellent viewing. She was harsh and honest with him, and hurled most of the standard criticism at Peterson that people talk about. And while doing that she gave him the time and opportunity to respond. And he stayed calm, considered, articulate and entertaining throughout. I don't agree with everything either of them said, but I enjoyed watching that interview immensely - its exactly the sort of thing I want to see more of on youtube and in the public sphere. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMcjxSThD54 Yes. Just to hammer this point home, I release most of the code I write under a BSD license in the simple hope it'll be useful to someone. I don't care if you make money from it (Cool! Tell me about it!) and for 80% of the projects I've written I don't actually want any of your patches. I'd often much rather people fork my work and maintain their own fork. If this isn't your jam, the MIT/BSD licenses aren't for you. Go GPL or something. > Go is another programming language I like, ... Fearless concurrency is a wonderful feature, but for embarrassingly parallel problems Go works wonderfully. I adore Go's concurrency model but loathe go's actual language. The constant repetition in error handling, lack of generics and lack of parameterised types and Option<> make it feel like a children's toy set version of C instead of a useful modern language akin to Rust and Swift (and modern javascript). I really really love the concurrency model though. And as far as I can tell there isn't much like it available elsewhere. You can make a similar concurrency model in rust, but you have to use much heavier OS level threads to do it, and all the other crates don't support it. Erlang / elixir do it but come with a much higher runtime performance penalty. Pony is interesting but very new - there aren't a lot of libraries for it and when I was playing with it the compiler seemed crazy slow. I'm a little bit tempted to make a simple compile-to-go language. I'd get lynched at Go meetups for fragmenting the ecosystem, but it might be worth it. I like almost everything about go except the language itself. True; although Apple keeps supporting their old phones for quite awhile. iOS 11 still supports the iPhone 5S, which came out in September 2013. Only 6% of ios devices use an ios 9 or earlier[1]. 4.5 years is pretty good in this market - last I checked you were lucky to get 2 years of software updates from most android vendors. According to usage stats about half of all android phones are stuck on an operating system from 2014 or earlier[1]. I don't want to think about the security consequences of most android phones never having security updates installed. 4.5 years still is nothing on postmarketOS's 10 year target. Bravo. [1] https://developer.apple.com/support/app-store/ [2] https://developer.android.com/about/dashboards/index.html > Just because phones run an old Android version, doesn't mean no patches get backported. It’s a bit of a separate problem but I’ve seen an awful lot of ignored software update notifications on the phones of relatives over the Christmas break. Is there data on the install rate of security hotfixes? 2016 MBP with touchbar reporting in. I have the 13” model without a dedicated graphics card, and I made the mistake of getting an external 4K display. The laptop can use the display, but everything is remarkably sluggish for a computer I paid $3000aud for. Especially safari with a few tabs open. The most embarrassing part is that I sort of got used to it and stopped noticing, until I spent time on my Windows gaming pc. The difference is night and day. I’ve recently ordered an external thunderbolt GPU enclosure, and I’m hoping I can solve the performance issue that way. But in the long run ... I’m not really sure what I want to run on my next computer. To be honest all the answers seem a bit bad. Macs are overpriced and underpowered. Linux on a laptop still seems like an endless stupid time hole - I had the Ubuntu installer reliably kernel panic on me the other day. And windows ... does windows support smooth scroll yet? Can you turn off the telemetary and pre-installed games in the start menu? Will I be able to install and try out the database or exotic programming language of the week on Windows, or will it be more fighting? Is it just me or did computers stop feeling better with each generation? When did we lose our way? Thats a great idea. For what its worth, in my case I was using the 16.04.3 LTS installer (17.10 had been pulled at the time due to a bios issue). The kernel was panicking on boot because of issues using the opensource noveau driver for my NVIDIA gtx1080 graphics card. I needed to blacklist the driver to get the installer to boot. (And once I did that it ran fine.) I ran into exactly the same bug installing ubuntu on my friends' PC a couple of weeks ago. In his case he has an nvidia graphics card from a few generations ago. (8xx series? 7xx? I can't remember.) Whatever the bug is presumably its been an unfixed problem in the 'LTS' release branch for 2+ years. Any idea how this compares to CJDNS? That sounds similar. https://github.com/cjdelisle/cjdns It could also be using something like Ejecta[1], which wraps a javascript engine with a simple native reimplementation of the canvas API. Ejecta is great because its lightweight - you don't pull in all of Webkit like cordova. (And thus you don't have to deal with any of its opaque, ever-changing quirks.) [1] http://impactjs.com/ejecta The replacement is react native. Same web developer friendly environment with practically native performance. And yes, it’s available for desktop as well as mobile. The practical advantage the article describes is in power consumption. Transistors are small and cheap, but in aggregate they're power hungry. This makes them work less well on the tiny voltages you can extract inside someone's eye, for example. Mind you, modern low power chips use absolutely minuscule amounts of power. I suspect this technique will need a lot of refinement before its actually competitive. Absolutely. I tried writing some server side swift code about a year ago, and at the time there were 4 competing async networking (raw / http) frameworks. Each one used similar but incompatible primitives to handle concurrency. (Libdill / threads / libdispatch / kqueue). As a result anything written on top of any of those libraries would stay tightly coupled to that library. I was worried I'd pick the wrong winner and need to rewrite all my code in the next couple years of churn. For comparison, Nodejs and Go both have streaming IO, networking and HTTP built into their core libraries. As a result interoperability between 3rd party libraries in those ecosystems is way better. So I'm excited to see a canonical async promise library out for swift! Between this and Rust's futures 0.2 RC coming out last week[1] it looks like the new generation of modern C-replacement languages are starting to mature enough for useful network services to be written on top of them. I'm excited to see what the next few years will bring. And I'm really looking forward to using all the language features Swift and Rust have that are missing from my standard workhorse languages. (Parametric enums + pattern matching! Yay!) [1] http://aturon.github.io/2018/02/27/futures-0-2-RC/ Years ago I was a TA for first year computer science. I graded my students' assignments on code style, with reference to automatic grades generated by a test suite. One of the most interesting things I learned was how much variance there was in code size between submissions. I would first read an assessment from a good student which was completely correct and 500 lines long. The code would seem reasonably clear, compact and well written. Then I'd pick up the next assignment, which had also gotten 100% on the automatic tests and it would be only 150 lines of code. And the code wouldn't seem any more compact or unreadable compared to the first - they both looked like decent solutions; but one of those solutions had implemented the same spec in 3x less code! And then I'd pick up a submission by a weaker student who got 50% of the automarking results done. The submission would be 600 lines, and you could see the sweat that had gone into writing it. The student was clearly struggling to keep track of all the moving parts in their code. If that was all I looked at I would have assumed the assignment would have taken 1000 lines to implement, and be way too hard for my first year students. (In case you're wondering, there was no difference in programming languages, tooling or knowledge. All students were using the same environments to write plain C code.) The lesson I learned was that its very hard to tell whether you or your coworkers are actually using a good approach to solving your problems. I never hear people say things like "Oh, I think this different abstraction could save us 70% of our code". But having seen enough examples I think its usually the case that those abstractions exist. We just (bizarrely) don't seem to spend any time looking for them. Intuitively I would expect that bad abstractions would be obvious in code, but that seems to be often not true in practice. After reading the first students' submission I usually would still have no idea how long the average correct submission was going to be. In the iOS security model there's no fixed grab-bag of permissions you accept when an app is installed. Instead the app must explicitly ask for access to each credential on an as-needed basis while the app is running. The request must happen when you request to use that particular feature. And the app is expected to continue working if you say no; just with the corresponding features disabled. So for example, on iOS whatsapp only requests camera access when you try to take a photo in the app. If you say no, facebook can't access the data. Facebook can't conveniently forget that you said no and access the data anyway - if you say no at the system prompt, the OS won't give the app access to that data in the first place. The system isn't perfect - it turns out my mum wasn't getting chat notifications on her iphone because she doesn't know what notifications are and she's been saying no to the prompts. But I find it somewhat refreshing to see beginner users erring on the side of saying no, rather than always saying yes to every random prompt the computer spits out. Fail-private is better than fail-public. Worse than that - I expect most technology-illiterate users won't realise the "Not now" text is a button at all. (Its grey-on-white designed to look identical to the copy text above the button. The only difference is placement, and a small difference in font size.) This entire situation is a barely contained disaster. Doing all the steps listed at the top of the article is not only exhausting and error prone, it also dramatically lowers write performance. The most frustrating part is that (as I understand it) SSD and NVME hardware exposes strict read and write ordering to the OS anyway. That would allow file modification code to be written in a way thats both fast and correct. After all, these are the primitives we already know how to use for memory concurrency which enable fast lockless libraries like ConcurrencyKit. But for files, posix only exposes an inconsistently-implemented, coarse, heavyweight fsync() implementation. End users are forced to navigate weird, undocumented, imprecise hoops that are hard to understand, hard to test, and have poor performance just to do the one job the filesystem was supposed to have in the first place. I'm curious how much better you could do by skipping the OS entirely and making a userspace disk API, similar to DPDK. If your database code stores data in a single data file anyway, you wouldn't lose much by ditching the filesystem. (You would need specialised tools to do backups and figure out how much space you have free, but it might be worth it.) I've been writing my own tiny implementation of Kafka recently. I was reading through Kafka's design docs to figure out how they solved this problem. Kafka basically gives up on trusting the OS to store files safely. Instead they figure any fault tolerant kafka deployment will be a cluster of machines, so kafka stores all messages (+checksums) across all cluster instances. It hopes at least one of the machines in the cluster will survive without corruption when power goes out. > On the other hand consistency on random writes to files is not something absolutely necessary. This stuff does matter; because most applications aren't distributed systems. Using file system operations in the way they were intended to be used shouldn't sometimes accidentally corrupt files by default . Look again at the table in the article showing consistency bugs in application code. They even found bugs in sqlite. If not even sqlite does this stuff correctly, mortals have no hope. And distributed systems themselves depend on the guarantees provided by filesystems for correctness. The guarantees filesystems provide are poorly documented, poorly understood and inconsistently implemented across filesystems and operating systems. Take some time to read about what redis, postgres and sqlite do to correctly write files - its an awful morass. At a minimum we should have a standard atomic write primitive that does all the stuff listed at the top of that article. I don't really care how slow it is - atomic writes are what everyone expects write() to actually do. Atomic write shouldn't be poorly reimplemented by every text editor and configuration tool. Video games shouldn't need to ask players not to switch off their consoles while they're saving. (What an absolute embarrassment.) If filesystems want to compete on performance, compete on the performance of atomic append. Right now any atomic append implementation in userland is both complicated and dog slow. With help from kernel-level filesystem code, we can do way better on both counts. Then for high performance applications (databases, etc) the OS should expose either fence() operations or some sort of durable write order. Thats the API databases will actually use. For extra credit I would also like a write API that notified me when my data has been durably synced to disk. A kqueue event would be perfect. And once we have those APIs I have no idea when anyone would use the current write/fsync implementation. Its a huge foot-gun. Its what you would get if mongodb made a filesystem API. I recommend log structured too, although probably for different reasons ( https://twitter.com/josephgentle/status/978616782607998977 ) > It's a mistake to think there will be no mistakes. Its more programming philosophy at this point, but I disagree with this. There's lots of assumptions we 100% rely on for modern software. Things like ADD / MUL working correctly in our CPUs, TCP delivering packets in the order they were sent, correctness in our programming languages, the correctness of cryptographic primitives and the safety of operations like constant-time comparisons. Database transactions. Malloc. GC. Etc etc. Actually I would say that "it works all the time" is the norm in computing. Its so pervasive and great that when things work all the time we don't even need to think about them or understand them at all. Not like "it works almost all the time". Things that only work most of the time we have to think about constantly. "Does my page still render correctly in all browsers?", etc. Its easy to find examples of API promises being violated because these problems take up all our time. But this is no way to do engineering. In aggregate its almost always far slower than just spending the time to fix the bugs themselves. And fixing the actual issue will usually take less code, and run faster than making a pile of abstractions around the bug. An example of this: A few years ago I worked at a startup where we had a search indexer. The indexer wasn't architected well, and it kept having issues and leaving stale data around. So we kept needing to invest engineering time into fixing small search issues. Patching around it was a constant low level time sink for years. A few years later I was asked to implement search at a different company. I used the lessons I learned at the startup to do it right this time. And the code I wrote has been almost untouched to this day. Now, the interesting part is that at both companies management thought the amount of time we were allocating toward search seemed normal. But the second approach was objectively better. At the startup it would have taken less time overall to fix the indexer's bugs (or rewrite it) than we spent patching around it and dealing with its brokenness. Which is to say, sometimes better is better. How resilient is your software against, say, malloc returning invalid ranges? Against compiler bugs? I’m saying that when there are compiler bugs the right solution isn’t to blame the user for not having resilient enough code. The right answer is to fix the bug in the compiler . Likewise when basically everybody uses your API incorrectly, don't blame all the users. Instead fix the actual problem in the kernel . Or if you want, consider it as simple math - we get better returns on time spent solving the problem in the kernel than we do solving the problem in user space of every application. I've heard some facebook devs talk about the concept of DX: developer experience. DX is something we should be optimizing for when writing APIs. Currently the DX of writing correct file handling code is awful. The functions don't do what you want, they're implemented inconsistently and they're poorly documented. If the only place you're allowed to write code is your application, then you're right. Make it as robust as you can. But we're programmers and linux is opensource. We should just fix the problem. Yes. I do exactly this today with a 1080ti in an Akitio Node Pro. Unfortunately NVIDIA cards still aren’t supported properly though, so my laptop crashes if I pull the thunderbolt cable out. I’m hoping this stuff gets ironed out over the next year or two - it’s a great solution otherwise. I've been looking at getting a new washing machine lately. One of the "hot new features" some new washing machines have is the ability to "download new washing programs via our app!". Really? The 40+ different pre-programmed wash cycle options aren't enough and you expect to think of new washing machine routines over the next year or two? Its like ... DLC but for washing my clothes. Who thinks this is a good idea? I wonder how much of that functionality will still work in 10-15 years when the machine is getting long in the tooth. I can't wait for botnets made up of old internet connected washing machines. You know its just a matter of time before some Russian teenager takes down github using your grandma's washing machine. I think about it in relation to how much responsibility each person in the team is comfortable taking. If you're responsible to solve tickets, you're probably junior. If you're responsible for implementing features, mid. If you're responsible for making sure the whole project will work in time for delivery, senior. And if you're responsible for making sure your team can deliver the project on time, lead. > The only reason I tolerate webpack is because of how convoluted the front end web build chain has become. I've moved back to browserify (/ watchify) for hobby web projects and I've been very happy with it. Its a huge relief to jettison all the complexity that webpack brings. Browserify configuration often fits on the command line even for complicated projects. You have great tools for analysing bundle size with disc[1], and you can do hot reloading on SPAs with budo[2]. The ecosystem has babelify for JSX, tsify for typescript, uglifyify + unassertify for minification, and sheetify for CSS. Browserify also seems way faster. I haven't tried webpack 4, but with webpack 3 I've had plenty of builds that take nearly a minute. Its out of control. Webpack seems like the web generation's automake & autoconf. How long before we have tools which generate webpack configuration programatically, and which need configuration themselves. [1] https://www.npmjs.com/package/disc [2] https://www.npmjs.com/package/budo This is wonderful news. I built a proof-of-concept realtime collaborative editor on top of foundationdb a few years ago, and was very disappointed when I couldn't use it in production. I'm really excited to use this in some projects I'm working on. Quick question: I know there's a watch API, but is there any way to subscribe to a change feed from foundationdb? I'd like to consume the FDB event log to do external indexing & map-reduce work. > Alternatively, your application or layer can use the "versionstamp" atomic operations to write its own ordered log of what it is doing, or other indexing tricks. I'm not sure I understand. Are you suggesting having a second key space at `ops/{VERSIONSTAMP}` or something where values contain enough information about the operation to be able to process changes in an indexer? The indexer could then clean up after itself, deleting the operations once they had been ingested? ... Effectively using a portion of the keyspace as a queue? I've said it before and I'll say it again: Modern filesystems straight out expose the wrong API for 99% of applications. App developers almost never think of data as a stream of bytes. We think of data as a set of records. Values in the set change through atomic modification events. The fundamental API primitives should be atomic changes. Atomic write (bytes), and atomic append. The funny thing about it is that POSIX already supports basically this API (datagrams) for both IPC and networking. It just doesn't support this API in the one place it would be most useful - the filesystem. Ideally I want: - Write() to be blocking / atomic by default. Don't return until data is safely committed. - A transactional API: begin(fd); write(); write(); err = commit(fd). If any error happens, commit returns the error and none of the data is stored. - An IOCP-style API for non-blocking applications. This is the API databases want to use, with the loop being , , , , . - Deprecate fsync & friends. If you don't want to wait for the data to get committed, write in non-blocking mode and ignore the completion event. Solving this problem in end-user applications is really hard - almost no applications implement atomic write on top of filesystems correctly. And they shouldn't have to - this should be the job of the filesystem. The filesystem can do this much more safely, with better guarantees, better performance and better error handling. Modern filesystems already have journals - buggy reimplementions of journals in userland doesn't help anyone. "Do not turn off console while game is saving" is an embarrassment to everyone. Murder the IO performance of what , exactly? For what use case is fast non-atomic writes something we care about? Atomic-append is the IO operation we should be optimizing for! What murders IO performance is trying to reimplement a second write-ahead-log in userspace on top of fsync. Which is something modern databases have to actually do in order to meet their correctness requirements. This complexity and performance cost would be much lower with knowledge of the kernel & control over filesystem internals. And for every case of something that would have lower IO performance with atomic appends, I'm sure we can think of ways the kernel could make those atomic writes fast. Lets say you're copying a big file by wrapping a transaction around a read();write() loop. The OS could make the transaction extremely cheap by simply not changing the file's INODE list (or whatever) until the write has completed. In a filesystem like ZFS, using a transaction for this would let ZFS not update its filesystem checksums until the copy has finished, which would probably in aggregate result in improved performance. > > - Write() to be blocking / atomic by default. Don't return until data is safely committed. > This is the wrong thing for 99% of use cases. You get terrible performance unless you batch things, which means that casual use ends up with severe performance issues. The right answer would be to batch writes in the OS, but of course this would deadlock without non-blocking APIs. Maybe you're right - maybe write() should have the effectively non-blocking API it has now with fsync as a commit. But I still want my guarantee that if the system / hardware dies halfway through a write (or batch of writes) then data won't be left in a corrupt half-written state. Package installations and OS upgrades should be able to do the entirety of their work in a filesystem-level transaction. I shouldn't need to worry about my OS needing a reinstall because my laptop ran out of power halfway through an update. I just can't think of any sensible way to do this using the APIs we have today. > Beside – someone has to write the filesystem, and that filesystem uses largely the same mechanisms in the kernel that are exposed to userspace. But importantly not the same mechanisms. The OS has control over write ordering, and most block devices support read & write barriers. Filesystems lean heavily on these primitives for correctness - and for good reason; they're really useful primitives for building correct, performant systems. But for some reason they aren't exposed to userspace. Userspace applications are instead left scratching in the dirt with fsync. It would be much easier to build correct, performant databases in userspace if we had access to this stuff. There's a bunch of ways to solve this. A WAL or a B+ tree both handle this sort of thing correctly. > You end up with journals anyway. There's no way to be performant otherwise, because you'd do hundreds of tiny writes instead of a few bigger journal writes. Imagine if your 1-row / 3 index transaction would have to write out ~7 blocks. We can make that fast by letting the OS / libc batch write transactions. Although if `write()` blocks until the batch commits & gets called in a loop we'd have a performance problem. Non-blocking APIs don't have that problem though. The guarantee I want is that every write moves the system between two states: (not written)->(written). It should be impossible to reach some third (partially written) state through disk failure or an inappropriate power loss. > It saddens me that this is a thing we want Javascript for. It might be a small comfort, but Javascript is getting arbitrary precision integer support this year: https://github.com/tc39/proposal-bigint That seems to match the logic clang-trunk is using: If the assignment is in the initializer then its using the simple C++ RVO-style call to blah(): void zot() { foo f = blah(); } zot: push rbp mov rbp, rsp sub rsp, 1040 lea rdi, [rbp - 1040] call blah add rsp, 1040 pop rbp ret But if the variable has the opportunity to leak then it adds a memcpy in the caller : void zot() { foo f; leak(&f); f = blah(); } zot: push rbp mov rbp, rsp sub rsp, 2080 lea rdi, [rbp - 1040] call leak lea rdi, [rbp - 2080] call blah mov eax, 1036 mov edx, eax lea rdi, [rbp - 1040] lea rcx, [rbp - 2080] mov rsi, rcx call memcpy add rsp, 2080 pop rbp ret Although weirdly the memcpy is removed when optimizations are turned on. This may be a bug. I have that experience in pretty much every language, the first time I run a fuzzer on my code to check an invariant. I'm honestly surprised fuzzers aren't more widely used - they're far more effective per line of code compared with classic unit test suites, and easier to extend. I'm not sure I've ever run a fuzzer on virgin code and not found new bugs. Even when the code in question already had allegedly comprehensive unit tests. The one time I tried AFL, I didn't find any new bugs beyond the embarrassingly large number my own fuzzer had already pointed out. But I agree with your point. Some double-digit percentage of bugs in a C library will be memory related, with all the remote execution implications that brings. This is arguably not a big issue for games or webassembly code. But for networked services it seems increasingly irresponsible now that Rust, Pony & friends are maturing. I really wish we had a JSON 2 format which could fix JSON's obvious shortcomings. I would like to see: - Support for Maps and Sets (unlike objects, maps allow arbitrary types to be used as keys) - A standard Date format - Embedded binary blobs. No idea how to do this and keep it human readable, but when you need this its super useful. Maybe something similar to WS's binary message encoding. - Arbitrary precision integer support. This is particularly useful for cryptocurrencies and for interoperability with 64 bit integers in other languages. And bigints are coming to javascript - https://github.com/tc39/proposal-bigint - Maybe even fix JSON's weird unicode encoding: http://timelessrepo.com/json-isnt-a-javascript-subset Unfortunately it seems like nobody 'owns' JSON enough to give JSON 2.0 the political weight it would need for cross-language support. Huh good to know: $ node > JSON.parse('1231231231231231231231231123123123123') 1.2312312312312312e+36 I've heard of JSON implementations in other languages making bigger JSON numbers than javascript supports; but I didn't realise JSON.parse would quietly parse them and throw away precision in the process. I wonder what the plan is for JSON serialization support of bigints. I assume there is no plan - Chrome stable 67 supports bigints, but JSON.serialize(2n) throws a TypeError. > preying on less principled developers (and users). Oh, please. Non-GPL OSS developer here. I'm not some weak doe in the woods being preyed on by evil companies and their MIT and BSD licensed software. I know exactly why I strike the bargain I do - its because I want to be able to make money selling proprietary extensions and modifications on top of any software I write. And I want to encourage any developers using software I write to do the same. I use BSD/ISC/MIT licenses because I support the right of other developers to make modifications to my software and keep their modifications closed source if they want. I support developers feeding their families. And more $ usually means more ideas, more developers and healthier ecosystem. Get off your high horse. I'm not a "less principled developer". I just have different principles thank you. I think having developers who pay rent writing OSS is a great deal for everyone. > I'd certainly question trusting Torvalds in any high stakes situation that required tact under pressure... Huh? When are kernel developers in high stakes situations that require tact? He doesn't host peace talks for a living. He manages Linux. He needs to be trusted for high stakes situations requiring technical clarity and technical decision making. And between our phones, our internet services and our banking infrastructure, basically everybody in modern society depends on the linux kernel working correctly . > To my mind verbal abuse doesn't mean they're speaking their mind, it means they've lost control. What? I just don't see it that way at all. If he'd lost control the criticism would be less technically grounded, and he wouldn't have merged the patch anyway. To me, Torvald's temper clearly expresses the value of "make the kernel good, don't make it be bad". Blowing up like this is an expensive social signal - it shows that to him the kernel being good is so important that he's willing to risk losing face and support to do so. I agree with other commenters that there are probably better ways he could get his point across; but how he expresses himself is completely authentic and aligned with his value of technical competence. And that buys a lot of trust in my eyes. And I don't think its just me. Trump does the same thing, and I suspect the "I can trust him because he gets angry" vibe helped him get elected. (For better or worse.) > [IOCP] is similar to epoll on linux and kqueue on BSDs and MacOS Similar, but the differences matter. kqueue is readyness-oriented. It tells you that the driver is ready to queue more writes. But you still need to call fsync and friends to confirm that your data has actually been written out. There's no non-blocking fsync. Servers like Redis run an extra thread just to call fsync; and eat all the performance problems that entails. In contrast, IOCP is completion-oriented. There's no need for any blocking fsync calls in order to find out when data has been written. Its way more granular - the OS can reorder writes. And it doesn't suffer from fsync's awful non-local error handling problems. Honestly I'm surprised there's no equivalent for linux / BSD. (I mean, we have AIO but its really not good enough). IOCP is a fantastic API for high performance databases and servers. It enables faster and simpler server code. We should collectively get on it. > But I would certainly be more enthusiastic if any effort was presented to make it cross-platform and, hopefully, open-source and/or standardized. They opensourced libdispatch[1] and ported it to linux, so there's hope they might do the same with Network.framework. It would be time consuming, but it shouldn't be hard for someone in the opensource community to write a linux / BSD implementation of this stuff on top of posix sockets & libdispatch. I suspect the reason they didn't opensource it is that it looks like it was designed mostly with phone apps in mind, not servers. And thats a shame - it looks like it would be a great addition to the swift server story, especially given it does user-space networking out of the box. I still prefer swift's ergonomics over rust for application development, and this would help immensely. (Rust is steadily closing that gap though, what with native wasm support and async/await on their way.) [1] https://github.com/apple/swift-corelibs-libdispatch Does anyone know if anything similar is planned for Javascript? It kills me that String.length (and [], codePointAt and so on) are living footguns. Though as other commenters have said, the rise of emoji has at least brought attention to the bugs caused by naive use of these tools. If you render to canvas, you would need to reimplement scrolling and zooming, checkboxes and input elements. Any custom reimplementation of this stuff will end up slower and clunkier than the optimised, native versions already in browsers. Also (as far as I know) canvas content is inaccessible to screen readers. Accessibility matters. I use USB sticks semi regularly and I have a USB-c MacBook Pro. I picked up a few USB sticks with dual A and C plugs on them. They work a treat. > The reference could be immutable but allow value reassignment, but is not the implementation of const. You can reassign values through a const reference in javascript. For example: const x = [1] x[0] = 2 // ok! This just doesn't work with primitive values, because primitive values are immutable and copy-by-value. So this works with lists but not strings (because strings are a primitive and thus immutable). Or, put in C++ friendly terms, javascript doesn't distinguish between pointer reassignment and value reassignment. It only has reassignment , which is illegal for const variables. Variables which hold non-primitives (lists, objects, etc) are actually pointers to those values. const does not affect the mutability of the value stored at the pointer. this also has some really fun rules that are useful for mad science sometimes. For example, you can recover the JS context's global value via this: (function() { return this })() In a browser this resolves to the window object. In nodejs it resolves to the global object. I've used this a few times to help write isomorphic javascript bundles, though its much less useful than it once was. > javascript actually makes sense and can be the most performant. Thanks to V8 you can definitely achieve good enough performance with JavaScript for most applications, and the ergonomics are pretty great. But it’s not true that performance rivals or beats C in the general case. The ‘sufficiently advanced compiler’ rainbow is something that Java has spent decades chasing. I think it’s fair to say at this point that humans are better at writing C code than we are at writing clever compilers. It’s many of the exact ergonomics which make JavaScript useful and easy to use that also make it much harder to optimise. For example, what code should V8 generate for `x+=x` ? The optimiser might find that x is always a positive integer, but every time it gets doubled, it might cross the magic overflow point where it needs it’s representation swapped for a double. The generated code must check for this every time . Or consider memory management - For games I’ve heard of people making a per-frame arena allocation pools for values with a lifetime that won’t cross frame boundaries. This basically makes these allocations free and improves cache coherency. I’m happy that the JS GC is multithreaded now, but there’s no way a GC can compete with that. And unlike C, there’s no way in JS to override the allocation behaviour. There are a million paper cuts like this which lower the ceiling of how fast optimised JS can run. I’m glad V8 will keep improving, but for my money the future of really fast JavaScript is Webassembly. Yes I think we all agree. As I said in my post above: >> Thanks to V8 you can definitely achieve good enough performance with JavaScript for most applications The point I argued above isn’t that JS is slow. It’s that JS will probably always be slower than well written C code. I still write far more JS than C, because my time is usually more valuable than the computer’s. That said, games are far from the only place where every ms counts. Performance matters in database servers, operating systems, real-time applications (eg robotics), text editor typing latency, UI responsiveness, 3d modelling software, video encoding, cryptocurrency mining, browser DOM rendering and so on. I love JS, but native code is not a special case. Despite the best efforts of Electron, I suspect most of the globe’s aggregate clock cycles are spent running code written in languages other than JavaScript. > Algorithmic ranking is not evil. A tiny minority of people rail against algorithmic ranking, but the vast majority, as demonstrated by their engagement, prefer the algorithmic model. Should we let this tiny vocal minority dictate policy, data be damned? I was listening to the Next Billion Seconds podcast the other day. They made the point that in social media 'engagement' is a polite euphemism for 'addictiveness'. I've rephrased your post to show why I find it unsettling: > Algorithmic ranking is not evil. A tiny minority of people rail against algorithmic ranking, but the vast majority find the algorithmic model to be more addictive. Should we let a tiny vocal minority dictate policy, data be damned? One hint to help differentiate addiction and enjoyment is to ask about enjoyment. Research shows that addicts tend to enjoy the focus of their addiction a bit less than regular folk. For example, if I’m honest with myself, I don’t enjoy checking my email. But I still compulsively check it dozens of times a day. I think it’s fair to say that I’m an addict. Do you enjoy checking Facebook? Ask your friends. I know what mine said. That’s why LLVM is such a great idea - any llvm language can interoperate with any other, within the same binary, with no overhead. Apple isn’t throwing away their C code any time soon either. LLVM provides a smooth upgrade path via mixed language binaries. I suspect that the move to swift would never have happened without LLVM. And I wouldn’t be surprised if llvm’s cross language compatibility was specifically attractive to Apple because it let them have their cake and eat it too - write a new language but keep legacy C code whenever that’s the best option. If you want to make a JS version, WebAssembly might be a great way to package the code up. WASM is fully supported in nodejs now, and its available in all modern browsers[1]. You'd need to write bindings for the C++ API methods, but once you do that you could throw the result up on npm and it should work in both node and web projects, with no compilation step. To your library's users the end result will be indistinguishable from a native JS library. Edit: I just had a play to see how feasible this would be. Even a stripped, optimized build of tink compiles into a 2.5MB binary. This would be fine from nodejs, but its way too big for a web library. It would need to be heavily cut down to be useful in a browser. It might be easier to simply wrap the modern browser crypto API. [1] https://caniuse.com/#feat=wasm Yep. Some of my favourite programming advice is that the easiest code to change is code you haven’t written yet. In other words short, straightforward code is always the easiest code to adapt to new requirements. I've been thinking recently about the ratio of time I spend thinking about thoughts other people have had vs thinking about my own thoughts. Social media & modern recommendation engines have made thinking other people's thoughts seductively easy. Modern apps give us an infinite feed of semi-engaging thoughts to consume in any media we want - from tiny text messages on Twitter to 30 hour audiobooks on Audible. Movies on netflix, short movies on youtube, not to mention podcasts and so on. And no question, lots of it is fantastic content! Its just - all the things I'm most proud of doing have needed way more of my own thoughts than the thoughts of others. At least 10x as much time genuinely thinking and creating vs time spent in consumption mode. But with so much great content out there, I doubt many of us take the time to do enough thinking. I know I don't, and it chills me to the core. So I'm not surprised that taking a walk - an activity during which its hard to consume the thoughts of others - leads to an increase in creativity. I would expect that anything which disconnects us from recommendation engines and notifications would be rehabilitating for our inner voices. And what is creativity but our inner voice given form in the world. Sure; but it raises the bar for criminals. Ie, it makes being an effective criminal require more knowledge and more work. And that makes a huge difference in practice. How many criminals actually have good enough opsec to change the license plates on their car? I bet it’s well under 20%. And I know that an 80% solution kills me as an engineer, but I bet law enforcement sees an 80% solution as a massive win. Us technologists should know how much this stuff matters from the huge effect good design has on product adoption. (Or dark patterns on user behaviour). This is the same effect in action - changing defaults changes the behaviour of the majority. Another example: People say that “if you make guns illegal only criminals will have guns”. Yet here in Australia very few crimes are committed using firearms. This is the same effect in action. (I’m not arguing for gun control - just that these laws have an effect) And with that in mind, I think the reason why we’re finally seeing a big push from the 5 eyes is because finally, finally one of the big chat platforms (WhatsApp) has rolled out end to end encryption. That lowered the bar far enough that privacy from the government is becoming the default. One implication of this way of thinking is that it changes where the battle lines are. To win, the government doesn’t need to make end to end encryption impossible. They just need to make end to end encryption a bit difficult and non-obvious. Doing that will probably push the % of criminals who use proper encryption back into single digit percentages. After all, if you can research and understand the implications of application and messaging security, you can probably make a better living working at an IT desk somewhere than you can from stealing cars. Law enforcement would probably see that as a huge win, even if all us techies can keep sideloading Signal or whatever. Personally I don’t consider that good enough - I want a society where everyone has privacy. Not just those who have opted in to it. Right; and this was my point in the first place. The police don't have to make it impossible to get away with stealing a car. They just need to make it difficult and awkward. Thats still enough to massively disincentivized car theft - which in turn has resulted in far fewer cars being stolen. Likewise if they ban end-to-end encrypted chat apps from the app stores, I bet that would decimate the number of people who used them. Even if anyone could just get an android phone and sideload signal, in practice adoption would still fall low enough to make law enforcement happy. Even amongst criminals. I've been recently wondering if there's another, better way. The big usability win of the web is that you can run applications without installing anything. Is there a way we could build a new platform that would get us the advantages of the web without all the awful cruft? I'm imagining starting with webassembly for sandboxing. We can then expose through to webassembly a useful set of API primitives from the underlying OS for text boxes, widgets and stuff. Apps would live in a heavily sandboxed container and because of that they could be launched by going to the right URL in a special browser. We could use the same security model as phone apps - apps have a special place to store their own files. They have some network access, and can access the user's data through explicit per-capability security requests. That would allow a good, secure webapp style experience for users. But the apps themselves would feel native (since they could use native UX primitives, and they would have native performance). Developers could write code in any language that can compile to webassembly. We could make a bundler that produced normal applications (by compiling the app out of the sandbox). Or we could run the application in a normal web browser if we wanted, by backing the UX primitives with DOM calls, passed through to WASM. What is the essential difference between the success of browsers and the failure of X-Windows and Java applets? For my money its that Java applets and X-Windows didn't have a distribution mechanism and security model. They simply didn't do anything I couldn't already do with desktop apps and HTML. Also, frankly, they were kind of slow and not very good. I think thats the biggest problem with this sort of idea - the breadth of surface area for GUI toolkits is crazy huge. Building something that works well, and works cross-platform is a seriously huge amount of work. Through a privileged security barrier, which in practice would look like a separate API. That API would in turn make win32 (or UWP or whatever) calls. At a minimum we'd need a separate API to enforce a web / mobile style security boundary. Word on the street is that Apple's ZFS integration was mostly finished and it was going to be announced at WWDC. Sun opensourced ZFS under the CDDL. But then Oracle bought Sun, and Apple's lawyers wanted to make sure Oracle wouldn't try to sue them over ZFS somehow anyway. Negotiations between Apple and Oracle for a clear ZFS license fell through. Without legal go-ahead the feature was pulled from macos at the 11th hour and buried. When ZFS was opensourced under the CDDL, lots of people complained that they should have chosen a clearer, more permissive opensource license. Other people said it was fine, because the license was good enough and Sun is full of good people. The way everything played out, its clear the first group's concerns were valid. Its a huge shame. ZFS is a fantastic piece of engineering. It was ahead of its time in lots of ways. It would take years for btrfs to become usable and for apfs to appear on the scene. If not for the weird licensing decision, zfs would almost certainly have landed in the linux and macos kernels. We almost had an ubiquitous, standard, cross platform filesystem. For more history about Sun and Oracle, this talk by Bryan Cantrill is a great watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zRN7XLCRhc Unless I'm missing something, this should be pretty easy for the webassembly working group to fix. At a guess they probably just need some clear decisions around how to handle endian issues. But right now they're just focussing on the browser use case. If kernel module developers become a vocal part of the wasm ecosystem, I'd expect 8- and 16- bit data types to get added before long. The point still stands. If you hold an index into an array of widgets, and the widget you reference is removed or replaced in the array, you could get behaviours 1, 2 or 4 depending on your implementation. Rust's index-into-array pattern removes the possibility of memory leaks, but it also removes most of the benefit of having a borrow checker in the first place. Its basically a less performant, less ergonomic version of using raw C pointers. Less ergonomic because you need to write your own allocator for your array. And its less performant because fetching the associated struct from memory requires 2 fetches rather than 1. If you're convinced dynamic memory management is the only solution to your data structure, rust's unsafe{} seems a better choice. Its in the language for a reason. waves Y'all are talking about me. I was indeed on the wave team, although I joined Wave right near the end. (And then I stayed on to help opensource the whole thing.) We wrote ShareDB at Lever[1], which was in the 2012 YC batch (iirc). We wrote it to allow realtime collaborative editing in our application of all our data fields by default. I'm still really proud of that work. ShareDB primarily uses JSON-OT[2], which lets you do realtime OT over arbitrary application data. The lever team has been maintaining & improving sharedb for the last few years, which is really lovely to see as I've moved on to other projects. One nice thing about OT is that its much easier to implement. The original quilljs author (Jason Chen) wrote the rich text OT implementation. ShareDB works with any OT code (so long as operations can be JSON stringified / parsed). And its all hooked up in quill, which is super neat. And looking at the quill github[3], it looks like David Greenspan has been maintaining quill recently. David Greenspan is one of the original authors of Etherpad, which is one of the first web based text OT engines. [1] https://lever.co/ [2] https://github.com/ottypes/json0 [3] https://github.com/quilljs/quill I've been working in OT systems for years (G Wave, ShareJS, ShareDB, some other stuff). I'm consistently surprised by how badly academic papers predict OT systems will perform. In reality, they perform great . My little C implementation of text OT can handle about 20M text operation transforms / second[1]. Part of the gap is that many academic papers model text operations as just single character edits. If you do that, copy+pasting some text into an editor can inject thousands of insert operations into the system all at once. But that design is really sloppy - nobody actually designs real world OT systems like that. A much better way to design text OT operations uses a list of skip, insert and delete parts. That way you can arbitrarily compose edits together. This way an entire pasted string just gets inserted in one operation and performance is fine. (Or if the user goes offline, you can merge all the edits they do into a single change, then transform & commit it all at once). I've still never seen the OT algorithms of anything I've worked on have a meaningful impact on performance. Actually thinking about it I'm not sure if I've ever even seen the OT code show up in profile traces. [1] https://github.com/ottypes/libot Simple OT algorithms do work a lot better with a centralized server. With a centralized server, you can consider every resolution as happening between 2 nodes (server and client). This means transform / catchup is as simple as a for loop. In contrast, in decentralized context OT code needs to support Transform Property 2[1] in order to converge correctly in all cases. TP2 dramatically complicates the OT implementation, and you need a much more complicated resolution algorithm to merge arbitrary changes between nodes. For text, this means you need: - Tombstones (or something like it) - eg https://github.com/josephg/TP2/blob/master/src/text.coffee - Either an operation prune function (anti-transform) or full history, forever. - A resolution algorithm that can flatten DAGs of operations into a transformed list. This stuff gets really hairy, and hard to implement efficiently. This is my attempt from a few years ago. Its correct, but super slow: https://github.com/josephg/tp2stuff/blob/master/node3.coffee Implementing high performance OT with centralized servers is easy. Implementing OT in a decentralized network is hard to do correctly, and much harder to implement in a highly performant way. For decentralized systems, CRDTs are a much better approach imo. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operational_transformation#Tra... The GPL and BSD licenses aren’t symmetric. Nobody warns about something being BSD licensed because you can freely incorporate a BSD licensed library into any project without changing the license of the resulting project. But the reverse is not true - if you embed GPL software in a BSD project (or commercial project), the resulting work must be licensed under the GPL. I prefer all the opensource software I write to use a BSD style license, because I want to retain the ability to use any of my opensource work in commercial projects. GPL warnings like this are useful for me - it’s good to know that I can’t use this library in any of my projects (at least until they change the license). Oh! I didn’t know that had a name. Yes - it is indeed a topological sort. At least the way I’ve implemented it, the performance problem is that moving an operation from position K to position N in the output requires O(|K-N|) steps. CRDTs can do this work in O(log(|K-N|)) steps. Yeah; wow thats a great result! Is BOLT used much in the wild? I'd love to see it applied to something like Chrome or Firefox. A double digit performance increase would be huge improvement for a browser's html/css parsers and rendering engine. Not in Javascript, where everything is a double precision float. You would lose precision at about 2^51, but that’s not a limit that will meaningfully affect us for good while. I was a programming teacher some years ago and I would sometimes grade two submissions, which had both gotten full marks from the automated tests but where one was 150 loc and the other 500 loc. The most surprising part was that if I read the longer submission first, it would never really seem like there was that much excess code to take away. But obviously there was. > My personal anecdotal experience is that OOP lends itself well to very very large codebases. In my experience Java / C++ style OOP creates very very large codebases in the same way. I think its quite surprising that many engineers don't seem to have any idea how much waste there is in their "clean" java code. (Or C++ that follows the same style). I also almost always find it far easier to read dataflow oriented code or functional code compared to their OO counterparts because all the state transitions are made absolutely clear. In OOP, your system state is spread across every file in the project. Compare to, say, a website implemented using React/Redux. I can inspect a single object to see the entire state of the application. When there's a bug, usually either that object has the wrong value (so I know how to fix it). Or the object has the right value and the bug is in the rendered component. Easy peasy. In comparison, in a java program the bugs often show up between classes. They end up relating to the relative timing of function calls that mutate state. Or the lifecycle of objects conflicting in weird ways. Its much worse for comprehension and much more work to debug. (And yes, I've spent years working in both styles professionally.) Maybe. I suspect most people who say they prefer the java style are simply wrong. I don't think they've spun up on enough new projects to notice the extra weight that increased size and scale brings. Or they're assuming that the extra complexity is all necessary, and they're mistaken the same way I was while grading those assignments. (Aside: Isn't it super weird how reading code is so rarely encouraged at school?) I suspect you could objectively measure this - take two implementations of the same problem; one small and one large but where the implementations do the same thing. For example, write a simple website using a stateful OO style. Then write the equivalent code using the mostly stateless react component style. The latter would be functionally equivalent, while using less code. The latter would also use much less local hidden state. Then measure how long it takes new people to start making meaningful changes to the two respective codebases. I don't think its a matter of opinion or preference. I expect that the functional component model would come out as a clear productivity winner. The easiest code to change is code you never needed to write in the first place. I completely agree. Especially with this: > This rule is strict, and none are able to comply perfectly. Grace is readily granted for minor transgressions. I'm an atheist. And yet, despite the explicit religious tone, I think this is one of the best codes of conduct I've ever seen. I'd love to see someone write the equivalent document using something less religious, like Aurelius's Meditations as the base. This is really great to hear. The different internal string representations really age a language: - C sort of assumes all strings are ASCII - Java, C#, Obj-C, Javascript and Python2 were all written when it was assumed Unicode would have no more than 65536 characters. They all use 2 byte encodings, which has become the worst of all worlds. ASCII text is twice the size it needs to be, you still need to handle the mismatch between array length and codepoint length, and errors are harder to find because there are very few common characters that actually cross the 2 byte boundary - although the popularity of emoji has changed this. - Go, Dart, Rust and Zig all return to single byte encodings. They all use UTF-8 internally, and have different functions to interact with the string as a list of bytes, and the string as a list of unicode codepoints. (In Go's case its because Rob Pike was behind both Go and UTF8.) Its delightful to see Swift stepping away from Obj-C's mistakes and improving things internally. Although in Obj-C's defence, NSString has always hidden its internal representation, which did a lot of work to protect developers from the footguns. One of the big ironies of all this is how well C has stood the test of time. C strings interoperate beautifully with UTF8 - all thats missing is some libc helper methods to count & iterate through UTF8 codepoints. strlen / strncpy / strcmp / etc all work perfectly when dealing with UTF8. The only change is that you need to supply lengths in bytes not characters. There's a huge performance benefit to using a complex string type like this in user-facing applications. The reason is that most strings are really small - like, a few bytes small. When strings are smaller than pointers, allocating them on the heap is silly and inefficient. So NSString uses a bunch of wacky encodings internally to pack very small strings into the 8 byte pointer that would otherwise be used to point to an object on the heap. I suspect that microoptimizations like this have done a lot of the work in making iOS outperform Android clock-for-clock. Although I suppose right now thats less of a big deal given how fast their A-series chips are as well. The foot gun happens when you assume that the string representation's length is equal to the number of unicode characters. This is true in C if all your test data uses ASCII characters. Its true in Java / C# / etc if you only test using ASCII + any characters in the lower unicode planes. And thats most but not all of the characters used in the world today. In Javascript, all the standard APIs make the wrong assumptions about unicode. Unless you think about it and actually test using exotic characters, its very common to make mistakes where certain characters would crash your software. (I'm talking about you, iMessage). I ran into a bug just the other day where emoji in a comment in a rust file with RLS caused a weird rendering error in VSC. In javascript String#length and naive array indexing is basically always wrong, and as far as I know there's no official API that does the right thing. But because its mostly right, people use String#length and don't think about it. $ node > "𝄞".length 2 > "𝄞"[0] '�' // oops! In Objective-C, even though large NSStrings use a 2 byte encoding under the hood, the API that NSString provides encourages you to do the right thing by default a lot more than javascript does. We could talk about whether language or the documentation is responsible, but either way the difference translates into fewer bugs. I take your point, but it really depends on the application. I care about this having worked on realtime collaborative editors. In this space it definitely does make sense to describe string offsets with unicode codepoints. The problem with counting the number of grapheme clusters is that that number can change with every revision of the unicode spec, and you can get different answers on different platforms. Or the same platform, but a different version of the OS. Does a zero width space offset the position count or not? Do you get the same answer on Windows, MacOS and through whatever unix you happen to use AWS? I shudder just thinking about it. In contrast, counting unicode codepoints is simple, consistent and well defined. Counting string lengths that way is also implemented in the standard library of just about all languages. I wonder how long it will be before Apple releases a laptop with an A-X chip. They’re already shipping their custom T2 chips in their laptops. The compiler toolchain can build great binaries for their A chips. They’ve swapped CPU architecture before and the modern Mach binary format can hold versions of the executable built for different architectures. They will probably need a Rosetta equivalent to emulate x86 for all the applications that are slow to switch. That might be tricky because of the huge surface area of the x86 instruction set. But I think it will only be a matter of time. It might also explain why they have kept the MacBook and MacBook Air product lines - they might want one of them to stay with intel’s cpus and the other to switch to their A* chips going forward. Or maybe they’ll just wait another generation or two and switch CPUs across their whole line in one go. The advantage is that code run through WASM is fast, sandboxed and platform-independant. Nothing else is capable of giving you all 3 of those features. Embedded scripting languages (JS / Lua) are platform-independant and sandboxed, but much slower than native code. C is fast and small. It can be very carefully sandboxed by the OS (eg iOS apps) but the sandbox has historically been very leaky. Also binaries must target a specific hardware architecture. The JVM & .NET environments are platform independent, but their heavy reliance on garbage collection slow them down. They also both have large runtime environments which makes them more awkward to embed. I wouldn't want to embed the JRE inside the linux kernel or in a web browser because its so big and it has such a terrible security track record. But WASM would work great. What other technology would be a good fit for making mods for a multiplayer game? Java? Too bloated. Lua? Workable but slow. C? You can't ship 3rd party mods safely and even if you could they would need to be recompiled for every platform. But WASM will work great. What other tech could you use to run a user-supplied filesystem driver in-kernel? Everything else is too slow (lua) or too unsafe (C). Counterpoint: If small design decisions require global SQL schema changes, it slows you down. And small barriers to change will, in aggregate, kill you. Eg, over a month of iterations: "Can we add another field to user registration? It should be free text. Oh, they should select from a list. No wait, make it a date. Actually a date and a text field. No wait, dump the text field." Sometimes slowing down these changes is a good thing. But often, being able to ship each iteration along the way will help your design team converge on the best solution. If you need to write a schema migration for every iteration, it kills the ability of your team to experiment and explore the space of "what should our product actually look like". Faster iterations = more iterations = better product in the long term. Sometimes the best long term result requires some random stuff getting crammed into a big JSON field in your database in the short term. Yes; it’s definitely less convenient to write and maintain your own software compared to having someone else do it for you. As a project maintainer I’ve made the mistake several times of being too permissive with pull requests. Someone comes along with a feature they’re excited to add to my project. I don’t need the feature myself. They exuberantly make a PR, and I eventually merge it. Before long it turns out there’s a bunch of bugs with that feature, and the original author is gone. Do I waste my time fixing their code, for a feature I never wanted and don’t use? Or do I ignore the bugs and let the smell of low quality work waft over my code base? These days I default to refusing most feature requests, even if they have decent PRs. I write most software for fun, or to scratch an itch. I don’t do it because I want to manage a community. If you want to add features and build a community around a project I’ve written, great. I’m happy to link to your fork in my readme. Forking is not a symptom of failure. Maintaining a fork is sometimes just the ticket price to control your destiny. > once async/await lands, I think I'll be much happier The current futures proposal is on track for stabilization[1]. You can use futures with async/await today in nightly, and what you use will probably be exactly what lands in stable soon. The biggest missing piece is documentation, but thats starting to improve. My go-to for examples is the futures test suite[2]. And if you want more features, futures-preview 0.3alpha adds a bunch of useful future combinators[3]. futures-preview now just wraps nightly's std::future, which is very nice. Except for the missing documentation, rust's futures are looking great. You can have a play today if you feel keen to jump in. But, as you said it will take some time for the web development ecosystem to mature around the futures API. [1] https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2592 [2] https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/futures-rs/blob/master/... [3] https://crates.io/crates/futures-preview/0.3.0-alpha.10 That’s a great idea! What do you need to connect to a homebrew LTE / 5g network? Can you provision your own SIM cards? Does anyone know what it would take to configure a dual-sim phone to connect to a local LTE network at home / in the office? > Using a single heap for all allocations is not at all ideal in an embedded context The same is true in game development. Using a per-frame arena allocator for short lived objects can make a big difference to performance. And Rust’s lifetime rules can be used to make this sort of thing completely safe. It’s a shame that rust std completely relies on the hidden global allocator instead of accepting an allocator as a parameter. It means that while you can write your arena allocator, you can’t use it with any of the built in Box/Vec/HashSet/etc types. I actually really like Zig’s answer here of just passing in an allocator as an argument in all data structures. I’d love to see that in rust! Right. You can also think of a type as a set of valid values that a variable could hold. In typescript you can define union types that simply hold one of a set of defined values. Eg: type OneOrThree = 1 | 3 or type Nullable = T | null This is arguably nicer than Maybe / Option because you can loosen / tighten API constraints without changing the API. Eg, myfn(x: number) can be rewritten to myfn(x: number | null) with all the safety benefits of Maybe but without the need to change any callers. Its not just Ada - Rust also has non-zero integer types in the standard library. Eg: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/num/struct.NonZeroU32.html This was written mostly let Option take up the same amount of space as u32. Ie, if you know your integer will never be zero, you can reuse the zero slot as a sentinal None value in a way thats API-compatible with everything else in rust. > That said, considering how widespread JavaScript is at this point, I think it is in their best interest to cater to more than one programming style. No! Stop! Bolting 6 different programming paradigms into a language doesn’t make it easier to learn. It makes it harder, because every programmer who learns JavaScript needs to learn all of the tools of the language so they can read the code written by others. More language features / paradigms make JS less accessible. It is a terrible idea if your goal is to help people learn JS. I think this sort of thing is always a bigger deal than it seems. I think most people are actually really averse to learning new platforms, and things that enable people to make stuff without having to learn a different platform are way more popular than I would expect. Examples: phonegap, electron, unity, love2d, reactnative, and nodejs itself. (Node = I know web but not native, can you help me write server code without learning C/python). Most of this stuff solves the problem of “I want to program on platform X, but I’m most comfortable in Y. Can someone prevent me from needing to learn X’s paradigms?”. Arguably that’s one of the biggest draws of wasm itself, and why the communities around a lot of languages are excited about it. (Eg rust, blazer). (“Ugh don’t make me learn JavaScript. I already know C# and I like it. Can I just do that instead?”) To your point, I think it seems like there’s not much demand for such a thing because the people it would help aren’t involved enough yet to file issues. If they’re invested enough in the community and the problem, they’re probably invested enough to learn enough JS to bridge the languages themself anyway. Which is all to say, I think making a wasm script tag after host bindings are in is a good idea and will make a lot more people happy than it would seem if you just surveyed the existing community. I’ve been taking improv classes for most of this year and I disagree with your conclusion. You don’t heal from anxiety by hiding from anything scary. You get better by doing things you feel anxious about (and then not dying). And as for presence - if you’re getting stuck in your head while on stage, it becomes much harder to listen and be present to your scene partner and the needs of the scene. In my experience there’s a limit to how good your scenes can be if you’re in your head about them. Improv for me has helped my mental health in lots of tiny ways - I’ve gotten better at visibly failing. I’ve gotten better at expressing negative emotion and I’ve gotten a lot more present. I feel like improv theatre is a microcosm of normal struggles; a lot of the long term issues that we face come up in improv too. And on stage you get the chance to face those demons in a safe, supportive environment surrounded by friends. Being in your head is exactly this sort of developmental challenge. Your improv will (long term) get better if you get out of your head with it and instead be more present and intuitive. And that’s really important in regular life too. For people who struggle with that, what a perfect place to practice. Personally I highly recommend doing some improv classes to anyone smart and creative who wants to push themselves and grow. It’s hard in the best way. How does zstd compare with brotli? Would it be a better compression standard for http responses? I know you write this in jest, but the problem is that when Germans talk purely to other Germans on Facebook, they still have to do so according to American cultural standards. I can stage a protest on the street outside here in Melbourne and the social rules, expectations and conventions that I am subject to are Australian. But there’s no equivalent online - if I organise that protest with other Australians on FB or Twitter, the discussion is bizarrely at the whim of Californian corporate moral police. I love my iPhone to bits but the fact that I’m prevented by a US company from buying apps with sexual content is grating in the same way. Why is a nipple considered harmful to children while graphic displays of violence aren’t? I will never understand that norm. I wouldn’t have to grapple with it, except that my own phone enforces your nonsense moral code. It’s super aggravating. > You will be hard pressed to find any Electron app that exceeds 200 MB in disk space. Most are ~50 MB. Huh? Looking at my applications folder right now: Atom 1.31: 822mb Daedalus 0.8: 265mb Mist 0.9.2: 186mb Neon 0.0.7: 180mb Patchwork: 185mb Riot 0.11.4: 160mb VS Code: 193mb The electron framework alone is 117mb on MacOS. Honestly, how many copies of that do I need? Yes; although in GC’ed languages like Go and JS it’s still very easy to leak OS level resources like file handles because you still need to remember to close() them. (Although go’s defer blocks are a fantastic assist here). This is one area Rust really excels - the same mechanism for making sure memory gets cleaned up also automatically closes network sockets and file descriptors when they go out of scope. Even in the case of errors it’s impossible to forget to clean up. That entire finally block is unnecessary in rust. I totally agree. I was curious how much typing overhead there is in the swift version so ported that blog post's code into nodejs. In node, the whole thing comes in under 30 lines with comments. (Compared with 86 lines in the final version from that blog post). https://gist.github.com/josephg/469ddbe71b7c515247b0db801325... The reality is you always have to do more work to interact with JSON data from a static language because you need to tell the compiler what type everything will be. The benefit you get from doing that can pay off in larger projects, but for quick and dirty scripts its a lot of wasted effort. Can you make sure the 'alternate' decoded version of the messages will actually decode into something legible? Is there some way to explicitly craft the alternate decoded message, or is it random? NPM (nodejs package manager) has started doing that, revealing three combined metrics for each package in the search results. It assesses every package by popularity (number of downloads), quality (a dozen or so small heuristics about how carefully the project has been created) and maintenance (whether the project is actively maintained, keeps its dependancies up to date and if it and has more closed issues than open issues on github). The idea is that when you search for a package, you can see at a glance the relative quality and popularity of the modules you're choosing between. Its not perfect - there's no way to tell if the packages under consideration are written in a consistent style or if they have thorough unit tests, but its a clever idea. And by rating packages on these metrics they encourage a reasonable set of best practices (write a readme and a changelog, use whitelists / blacklists, close issues on github, etc). The full list of metrics is here: https://itnext.io/increasing-an-npm-packages-search-score-fb... I’m not sure about the situation at Apple, but this is 100% true in the web development world today; with the exception that many of the new programmers hired straight out of General Assembly and the like can’t implement a DFS algorithm either. It’s a nightmare for security and performance - the number of obvious, blatant security issues I’ve spotted and fixed just through luck alone is horrifying. General Assembly is one of the popular US 3 month coding bootcamps. There are others in the US, but I’m not familiar with their carriculums. As programming gets easier to learn, people spend less time learning programming. This has a number of negative knock-on effects, eg less understanding & focus on correctness, performance, security, etc. Obviously there’s lots of wider benefits too - but I suspect that the average person writing objective-c today spent more time studying programming than the average person writing swift today. It sounds like we generally agree on that - but my claim is that this effect size is big enough to dominate almost all other considerations. I suspect the average C program is more secure than the average JavaScript web app, despite how the absurd difficulty in writing correct C, just because of the ratio of new and old programmers in both communities. I’m always confused by this. Isn’t merit exactly what we want to be hiring for? I don’t understand why you wouldn’t want people who are the best at getting the job done. Or in opensource, I don’t understand why you would want to care about any attribute of a contributor other than the quality of their contributions. Anything else seems like discrimination. And I acknowledge that we often don’t do a good job of this; but surely that doesn’t mean we want to move away from merit based decisions. I wonder how normal stories like this are. Was this just one bad manager in one company, which you remember because of how surprising it was? If so, maybe the core claim that software is a meritocracy holds. Or are stories like this common and everywhere? Right but, are most hiring decisions like this? If most hiring / firing decisions are based on ability (which is the case everywhere I've ever worked) then its a meritocracy with flaws. That is to say, if these stories surprise and disappoint you then the overall philosophy is that its a meritocracy and you're disappointed that its flawed for not being meritocratic enough. As far as I can tell, even obsessing over credentials happens because its a proxy for merit[1], and we care about merit. Its often a lousy proxy, but our industry as a whole didn't care about merit, why would anyone care to look at a candidate's credentials? [1] "Nobody gets fired for choosing IBM" -> "No recruiter gets fired for hiring a PhD" Yeah; I guess there are two questions: 1. How meritocratic are the decisions we make today? 2. Do we want more meritocracy, or less? I think there's specific ways we fail to make meritocratic decisions (credentialism, "culture fit", big company politics). But in my experience these things are the exception, not the rule. We don't start by trying to figure out if someone is a good culture fit, then assess their technical skills afterwards. We assess technical skills, then if we like what we see we check culture fit. I don't know about the GGP post, but I've certainly talked to people who claim to reject (2) - saying that the whole idea of meritocracy is flawed. But I'm always confused by that argument. Would you accept a rubbish pull request in a personal project? Would you hire someone with no technical skills into a technical role in your company? If the answer is no, then you're on team meritocracy-is-good. Wow, ok, so it looks like there's a 3rd thing we're discussing: Does meritocracy mean "status based on qualifications" or does meritocracy mean "status based on relevant ability". Reading that article it looks like the term 'meritocracy' was coined to refer to the former, but we didn't have a word for the latter and so the word has been co-opted and muddied. "Meritocracy is a discredited concept" could thus mean any combination of these statements: 1. We don't / can't currently hire based on collage degrees 2. We don't / can't currently hire based on relevant ability 3. We shouldn't try to hire based on collage degrees 4. We shouldn't try to hire based on relevant ability People in this extended comment thread seem to be arguing assuming that these stances are interchangeable, or arguing assuming that there is consensus about which of these points we're arguing and they know what it is . Personally, I believe that we should try our best to hire based on relevant ability. Because I want the most qualified people as coworkers and creators of the products and services I consume. I welcome debate of the idea, but arguing about meanings badly is pointless. Slatestarcodex wrote a great piece about this whole thing a few years ago. I highly recommend having a read: https://slatestarcodex.com/2017/07/24/targeting-meritocracy/ > The intuition behind meritocracy is this: if your life depends on a difficult surgery, would you prefer the hospital hire a surgeon who aced medical school, or a surgeon who had to complete remedial training to barely scrape by with a C-? If you prefer the former, you’re a meritocrat with respect to surgeons. Generalize a little, and you have the argument for being a meritocrat everywhere else. I hope not. With a healthy crate ecosystem, std should be as small as possible (without being too small). It makes sense for std to contain: - Types that can't easily be put in a module (eg the `Fn` trait) - Types needed for cross-project interoperability (like `TcpStream` or `Future`). Having these in std helps prevent ecosystem fragmentation. - Stuff that gets used in most non-trivial projects (eg `Box`, `Vec`, `println!`) Everything else belongs in a crate, where it won't bloat up the size of rust's standard library for everyone in perpetuity. `scan!` looks great; but I expect it'll be used in less than 1% of projects. There's no shame in keeping it in a crate - thats what they're for! That’s transfer (compressed with gzip or whatever) size. So its a bit more than it sounds; but yeah - still tiny. If this is the future, I know a lot of web apps that will need retooling. That is just enough space for react (+react-dom). We’ll have to split up react and web apps themselves in future apps if chrome goes this route; although I suppose that’s marginally better for caching performance. > What greater 'tax' could you possibly conceive of than a whopping 38% I always find it fascinating looking at the number of lines of code which do the same thing in different languages. Foundationdb maintains official bindings in Java, Go, Ruby and Python. The implementations have almost complete feature parity. They're all maintained by the same team, and as far as I can tell they all follow best practices in their respective languages. The sizes (minus comments and blank lines) are[1]: Python: 4053 Ruby: 2397 Go: 3968 Java: 10077 38% seems like a lot but language expressiveness dominates that. If ruby and java code were equally difficult to write, you'd be paying a 320% tax moving from ruby to java for an equivalent program. I'd love to see a "programming language benchmark game" that only allowed idiomatic code and compared languages based on code length. I have no idea what the equivalent size ratio is for javascript and typescript, but having worked with both, I find typescript projects end up bigger. I write more typescript because the type system and the tooling encourages verbose and explicit over terse and clever. (In typescript I end up with more classes, longer function names and fewer polymorphic higher order functions). The typescript tax is real. That said, I believe the defect rate increases by 38% too. Depending on what you're doing the tax might be worth it. [1] Measured from commit 48d84faa3 using tokei "code lines". Includes JNI binding code and makefiles, but not documentation > Java size has nothing to do with types and everything to do with the language. Yes. I'm making two claims. First to disagree with the GP's claim that a 38% difference between languages was 'whopping': > What greater 'tax' could you possibly conceive of than a whopping 38% The fact that the type system isn't entirely to blame is also clear looking at the ruby and python sizes. Ruby and python have very similar type systems, but the ruby code is only about half the size of its python equivalent. My second claim is that if we did the same comparison with javascript and typescript, typescript would be bigger. I don't have any stats for this though - just lots of experience. The type system seems to push code in a bit more of a classical OO direction because there aren't higher kinded types, associated types, or any of that fun stuff. As others have said it'd be fascinating to compare typescript and purescript / elm codebases. I'd expect the haskell-derived languages would come out way ahead on expressiveness. Its constantly surprising to me that we don't have any actual numbers. I've worked on lots of nodejs projects with 1-2k transitive dependencies. I've seen plenty of simple projects end up with close to 1 gig of files in node_modules. And almost all of those files are never used at runtime. I'd be a lot happier with npm if tiny libraries took up less space on disk. Storing a local copy of each dependency's readme file, license file, package.json and test suite is overkill when the module itself is only a few lines long. Its also very common for sloppy package maintainers to accidentally ship binary files in their npm module (image banners for their readme.md, test data, etc.) Npm should only download the javascript file for small single-file modules. Nodejs itself already supports this - if you have a javascript file in your node_modules directory, require() will pull it in like normal. The license might need to be prepended to the file in a comment block, but this could easily be done automatically. Why do you obey coding guidelines or autoformatters which stop you writing good, well documented code? If a tool makes your work worse, fix it or stop using it. When that happens we’ll also see a big push to add ARM support to all the native nodejs modules that are out there. (And I assume Ruby, Python, Go, etc packages). Linus’s prediction is based on the premise that everyone will continue to use x86 for development. But that’s probably not going to be the case for long. Multiple sources have leaked the rumour that Apple will release an arm MacBook next year. And I wouldn’t be surprised if Microsoft has an arm surface book in the wings too. [1] https://www.macrumors.com/2019/02/21/apple-custom-arm-based-... > Macbooks are in low percentages For some reason Macbooks seem disproportionately represented amongst web developers. All the agencies I know in Sydney and Melbourne are full of macbooks. > There's no incentive for companies or individuals to go switch out all of that x86 hardware sitting on desks and in racks with ARM alternatives which will offer them lower performance than their already slightly aged hardware at initially higher costs. Uh, why are you assuming ARM laptops will have lower performance and a higher cost compared to x86 equivalents? The ARM CPU in the iPad pro already outperforms the high end intel chips in macbook pros in some tests. And how long do you think Apple will continue to sell intel-based macbooks once they have ARM laptops on the market? Maybe they'll keep selling intel laptops for a year or two, but I doubt they'll keep refreshing them when new intel processors come out. When Apple moved from powerpc to intel they didn't keep releasing new powerpc based laptops. Once web development shops start buying laptops with ARM chips, it will be a huge hassle if random nodejs modules don't build & work on ARM. At this point I expect most compatibility issues will be fixed, and that will in turn make deploying nodejs apps on arm a more reasonable choice. Obviously we'll see, and this is all speculation for all of us. But I think its a reasonable path for ARM chips to invade the desktop. It prevents over / under fetching. Eg, on certain screen sizes you might show more or fewer fields. With GraphQL you can decide the fields you want in the client and explicitly request them. You can do this with REST by passing in a lot of extra query parameters, but it’s pretty awful. So most people end up either over fetching (getting more data from the server than they need and discarding some of it) or underfetching (get a list of IDs, then make a follow up request per ID). GraphQL solves that really nicely - the client requests what it wants, and the server answers it in a single response. GraphQL is also typed, and has some really great developer tooling as a result. It’s usually really easy to learn about a data source by just exploring in graphiql with ctrl+space autocomplete. Eg, check out github’s API: https://developer.github.com/v4/explorer/ You don't need an SSD to get benefit from the transfer speeds of USB3. Decent hard drives support linear read speeds of ~160MB/sec. USB2 will throttle that to 40MB/sec after protocol overheads. I've also run into this using external ethernet adapters, which I still want when I'm copying large files or streaming video via airplay or steam. My last 3 laptops were missing inbuilt ethernet ports. USB 2, while much faster than the wifi speeds available at the time, only supports half the bandwidth of gigabit ethernet. I don't even think its bad practice. I was the lone technical hire at a startup I was at a couple of years ago. We ran our app on top of postgres, and I used a native macos postgres client to keep an eye on our database (accessed via an SSH tunnel). The startup is very high-touch with clients - we built personal relationships with our clients. Unsurprisingly our CEO loved looking at the numbers and the data. We could see conversion, and keep an eye on what our users were up to and how they were using our product. I was the sole engineer and I was only working 3 days a week. I didn't have time to build monitoring dashboards and all that; so instead I spent half an hour teaching our CEO the basics of how to do postgres read queries, and how to pull the results of a query out into CSV and into excel. That was probably the most productive half hour of my time at that startup - it was a huge enabler for him, allowing him to explore the data in arbitrary ways. I showed him how to sort, filter, select specific fields and join tables. If I had instead built a specialised dashboard, it would have taken me away from our product. And I wouldn't have any idea what queries to display - any dashboard I made would have been worse for him than just querying the database directly. I'm still convinced that I made the right call. (We did eventually build a dedicated admin panel, but months later - only when we actually needed it because some common tasks were too difficult through SQL alone). Yes absolutely! Websites need to find revenue models that don’t depend on violating the privacy of their users. That stance makes a lot of sense to me. > Shouldn't people be able to choose what currency they want to pay for something in? Thats a very libertarian position statement and I understand it. But the EU is much less capitalist/libertarian than you are. Their parliament made the call that they don't want people paying for services with their personal data. There's valid arguments on both sides here. Some arguments supporting the EU's stance: - If online newspapers get paid in proportion to views, they make more money by writing divisive clickbait - Privacy is a fundamental right; not a currency. Treating it as currency means only wealthy people will be free from spying, and that is borderline dystopian. - Advertising on the internet worked just fine before everyone was tracked and monitored through every click. Don't annoy me with cookie notices. Just don't use cookies for tracking and we'll get along fine. Thankfully HTML emails can and should contain a plain text version of their content. Plain text is extremely accessible. I particularly appreciate how the text in the diagrams matches the font (& font size) of the body text. Almost nobody does that and it looks great. But just like my TV and my desktop computer, I've paid for my phone with cash. Its mine. Just like my PC, I don't owe Apple Computers any extra money in exchange for the privilege to install apps like spotify on my device. The benefit of having access to the app store is already factored into the (quite high) price I paid for my phone. Huh? I totally agree that the app store is a monopoly and leveraging the iOS app store to pressure spotify (a competitor to apple music) is anticompetitive. But I'm very confused how you're twisting Apple's huge contribution toward LLVM and Webkit over the years into some evil act. Even if all you want is for GCC to be the best compiler it can be, work on LLVM has contributed to that goal by raising the bar. Predictably, GCC has gotten a lot better in the past decade or so. And I'm sure competition from LLVM has helped, just like how browser performance improved remarkably across the board when Chrome first came out. And Android's UI got way better after the iPhone was first released. (It used to be awful ). Competition raises all boats; and consumers benefit when that happens. Who exactly do you imagine is hurt by Apple's open source contributions to LLVM? If clang dethrones gcc it will be because llvm gives developers what we want - a faster compiler, faster executables, better IDE support or something else. My life is made measurably better by these things. Getting all that for free? Hallelujah. If you don't like the direction Apple (and others) set for an opensource project you care about, you're free to build your own community around a fork. Thats what you would have to do anyway if you want a project to succeed without Apple's support. What do you want? Great, free software? You've got it. The freedom to change that software however you want? Fork away, brave coder. The ability to sell software based on your changes? Go right ahead. So where does that anger come from? How is anyone worse off? There's a long tail, but my understanding is that there's a core wikipedia contributor community who contribute a staggering number of edits[1]. If wikipedia limited the number of edits that each user could do, they would anger their core community. It would be similar to youtube putting a limit on the number of views each video was allowed to get. It would be suicide via the destruction of their tribe. And I don't even know if it would work that well. Per-IP edit limits would only stop PR companies with deep pockets for so long. They would do what the russians do, and just make account farms. [1] Or so I've been told. I'd love to see actual stats on this. It probably follows a Pareto distribution; but with what power? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pareto_distribution What areas are there no competitors, in the space of things they opensource? LLVM has GCC. Webkit has (amongst others) blink. Darwin has Linux. FoundationDB has dozens of great competitors. And even in the absence of competitors, how is new permissively licensed opensource software a bad thing? How, exactly do you weaponise opensourcing decent software which has no competitors? Can you give some examples? Sure; but I paid $1000 for my phone in part because of that capability. My phone would be worth less if I couldn't install apps like spotify. And unlike a game console, app purchases aren't used to subsidise the phones. Its pure profit for apple. And I wouldn't have a problem with that in general, except it feels dirty to claim Apple are saints for graciously allowing apps like spotify to be sold on their platform. They're already being paid for doing so through phone sales. Leveraging the monopoly they hold over the ios app store against Spotify, one of their competitors, is exactly what antitrust legislation is designed to prevent. This is one of those aspects where a good editor makes a big difference. I've recently moved from writing javascript in vim, to writing typescript in vim, to writing typescript using VSCode. Being able to hover over a variable and see a variable's type makes it easier to read complex code. This is useful irrespective of whether or not you're using type inference, since you don't need to hunt down the variable's declaration to figure out its type. And if you're reading back the compiler's type information through your IDE while programming, you may as well take advantage of type inference. Neat! I wonder how this would compare to the equivalent WASM implementation. With WASM, you wouldn't need to run the sandboxed code in a separate execution context. And you shouldn't need any OS-specific code to isolate the sandboxed executable. The whole thing would be conceptually simpler; although you'd need to pull in a WASM runtime. The actual code would run a bit slower in order for the WASM VM to do bounds checks and so on. But I think function calls across the WASM boundary would be way faster than the sandboxed IPC bridge that blog post suggests. Also a WASM version would let you build your sandboxed bundle once and run it anywhere, which is neat. So I get the sense that a WASM version of this would be simpler and more portable but have a different performance profile. Are there other considerations here? It'd be a cool experiment to play with. > * vulkan native. android is not vulkan-native, it provides both opengl es and vulkan, for your choice IMO vulkan-native is the right choice because opengl (or opengles, or anything else) can always be reimplemented on top of vulkan anyway. Layering opengl on top of vulkan means you're no longer at the mercy of hardware vendors to provide a bug-free opengl implementation. And if you're calling a userland opengl library running on top of vulkan, you can actually debug into graphics system and much more easily tune performance. (Debugging through into opengl calls is almost impossible when the opengl implementation is hardware-specific and part of the graphics driver itself). Could you reasonably argue that you can’t implement this feature without your boss finding out? Let’s say I work at a place that requires mandatory peer code review. I won’t be able to slip something by my (non Australian) reviewer. Surely I could reasonably argue that the government’s request to insert a backdoor without telling anyone is impossible to comply with. How would the government be able to verify my claim that that’s the case? I opened a medium post the other day from my phone that did all this stuff. It was amazing - there was a bar up the top asking me to install the medium app. Then another bar below that asking me to subscribe to the author or something. Then a call-to-action pop-over on the bottom of the screen asking me to join a mailing list or something. Only about 1/4 of my phone screen was left displaying the content - which wasn't even enough space to see the post's title on my plus sized phone. I closed the tab, because who has time for that? I can never tell if websites don't know how many people get turned away by how awful their websites are, or if they know but figure its a good deal. (Maybe medium figures an X% drop in blog engagement is worth it if a few readers join their mailing list). In the meantime I'd like it if all browsers added an option to automatically block all website notification requests. Firefox does this, and its great. I'm not convinced that there are essential technical reasons stopping decentralized systems from scaling into the 10Ktps range that we would need to compete with VISA. We would have to make a few changes though - we couldn't send all transactions to all nodes - instead we'd need a tree of confirming networks or something. And we might need a 2PC protocol for transactions. (Eg first I send money and generate a hash. Once thats been confirmed you can commit a receive money message. Or something like that). But I acknowledge that the burden of proof is on me here. And I'm not convinced its worth doing - I agree that there aren't many good use cases for this. I agree. I spent some time last year running various scripts to get an NVIDIA GPU working over thunderbolt in windows on a macbook pro. The problem is the DSDT table in many macbooks doesn't allocate enough space for pci-e devices. The NVIDIA driver in windows tries to allocate memory via that table to talk to the eGPU and it fails. For some reason it works fine under MacOS - either macos ignores the DSDT table completely, or it allocates memory a bit differently than windows. In any case, the answer is to use obscure tools to download and patch the DSDT tables to allocate more RAM toward PCI-e. Doing this through UEFI feels very magic. I don't know why so much of this stuff is up to the hardware vendor. Maybe there's a good reason, but I would expect the windows memory manager could do a much better job if it didn't have a bunch of memory range sizes hardcoded by apple. I think using the popularity of HTML (a rich text format) to justify using XML as a configuration format is a bit disingenuous. The two use cases (structured data and rich text) are genuinely very different from each other. In rich text, the primitives are text and markup. In structured data, the primitives are structures (lists, maps) and data (strings, bools, numbers). The impedance mismatch goes both ways - try taking a typical JSON document and expressing it in XML. Which parts end up as attributes? Elements? Text nodes? How do you express the semantic difference between a list and a map? A string and a boolean value? It’s arbitrary, ugly and verbose no matter how you slice it. And, just like it’s inverse, basically unmanageable without tooling. Also HTML is not XML. HTML is non-strict (the spec is it’s parser not its format). HTML doesn’t have schema files. HTML doesn’t understand self-closing tags. HTML does have void elements (img, br, input, etc). HTML is designed for humans to write. And it’s a tool fit for its purpose, unlike the abomination that is XML. When I was a tutor (TA) at university (collage) here in aus, I marked assignments from my students. We used an automated test suite to check correctness. I went over each assignment to subjectively assess code style. I would open the first assignment which scored full marks with the test suite and find it was a clean 500 line long implementation. Full marks. The next submission also got full marks, but it did it by spending only 200 lines. How? Was it overly terse? No... it looked clean and decent too. I would go back and look at the first submission and wonder - if you asked “could you throw away 60% of this codebase without sacrificing readability?” I would have answered of course not. But I would have been wrong. Silently, uncorrectably wrong if not for my unique opportunity. In the programming work you do regularly, do you think there is a way you could structure your code which would allow you to do 60% less work, without sacrificing readability? If there is, would you know? The answer was clearly yes in the web world when jquery was king. Or cgi-bin on Apache. Is it still true today? Can we do better still? If there is, it would probably demand a critical look at the way we approach our problems, and how we structure logic and data. The value in articles like this is to point at that question. For what it’s worth, I agree with Joe Armstrong and others who have been heavily critical of OO. Software which goes all-in on OO’s ideas of inheritance and encapsulation seems to consistently spend 2-3x as many lines of code to get anything done, compared with other approaches. (Looking at you, enterprise java.) You’re right - the problem should proceed the solution. But our tools are the medium through which we think of that solution. They matter deeply. Yes absolutely. The article was written around 2000 when Java was the new sexy thing. When Joe talks about OOP being overhyped, he wasn’t talking about Rust’s traits or Common Lisp. He’s speaking about the hype around Java and C++, and the then-lauded three pillars of OO: Encapsulation, Inheritance and Polymorphism. Not all OO works that way. In retrospect, inheritance was probably a mistake. And as far as I can tell, modern “OO-lite” coding styles focussing on composition over inheritance work pretty well. Alan Kay: “When I invented object oriented programming, C++ was not what I had in mind.” On the allocation point, the efficient way to handle this is to use a per-frame memory pool. Because nothing in the IMGUI can persist between frames, you can allocate a single arena of memory for any UI elements that need to store bounding boxes or callbacks or whatever. Each frame just reset your next_ptr to the start of the arena. Technically you are allocating memory, but in practice your allocations are free. At UNSW we had a similar system. The marking was a test suite, and each passing test would give you a portion of your grade. The system had a couple of simple smoke tests which were ran on submission time (to catch issues that would make the entire test run fail erroneously). As a TA I spent a fair bit of time fixing trivial issues - eg, sometimes a student would get 3/10 on the auto marker with a basically working solution because of a typo or something. I would dock a mark, fix the bug and rerun the tests - leaving the student with 8/10 or something. I ran an in-class test/competition once where students submitted C code to a web server running on my laptop. My laptop compiled and ran their code - then checked it against a test suite and graded it all live. One student asked about security - and we got into a great discussion about permissions and what havoc he could and couldn’t pull off with the restricted user account. I encouraged him to figure out how to write a fork bomb - which he got working after the test. He was nervous about it because he didn’t want to get in trouble. With some reassurances he dove into API documentation and got it working. My computer totally died and needed a reboot. It was a great little teaching opportunity that I’m glad I didn’t pass up How simple it would have been to miss this teaching opportunity! If my laptop were fully protected from that attack, it wouldn't have been as much fun for my student to wreck my machine in front of everyone. And so he might not have done it, and my class would have missed out on a beautiful demonstration and discussion of practical security engineering. I was a TA around 2004-2005. (I started in 2003 and graduated in 2007). We didn't have automated grading for the labs then either, but we did for all the assignments. Still manual marking on style though, which to this day I have complex feelings about. It’s not true like physics is true. It’s one lens through which to analyse office dynamics. It’s like looking through one window into a cluttered room. Through that window you might see aspects of the room that you couldn’t see through other windows. And for that reason it feels insightful. But it’s not the only window, and there is a lot more in the room than what you can see from this perspective. Perforce is used all over the place in the games industry. Not sure how many game developers frequent HN though. OT also works fine for this sort of stuff. OT algorithms are easier to implement ([1] for an implementation I wrote of OT over arbitrary JSON structures). OT just requires a central source of truth / a central authority. For local first stuff depending on how you design it you can have one of those - in the form of your server. [1] https://github.com/josephg/json1 I've been thinking on and off about this problem space for about a decade now - having worked on google wave, ShareJS and ShareDB. The architecture I want is something like this: - My data is stored at a well known URL on a machine that I own. If people don't want to host their own stuff, they can rent another person's computer. - We need a standard protocol for "data that changes over time". This is a really obvious point once you start thinking about it - REST doesn't support realtime edits, and websockets / zmq / etc are all too low level. We need a standard way to express semantic changes (eg CRDT edits) and do catchup, that can work across multiple devices / applications / underlying protocols. I've been working on this as part of statecraft - https://github.com/josephg/statecraft but its still hidden behind all the documentation I haven't written yet. - Then we need application-specific schemas to be published. Eg, there should be a standard calendar schema with events / reminders / whatever. Any calendar vendor could provide this. Then calendar apps could request on login from the user where the calendar data actually lives. Those apps could be web / mobile / desktop / whatever, because remember - we have a standard way to interoperate with data like this. - Ideally the data would also be stored encrypted at rest. The server shouldn't need to be able to read any of the user's data. You could build a peer to peer system whereby my desktop apps and phone share data with one another. But ideally, data should be accessible from any device at any time without worrying about whether your laptop is on or off. For that we need servers. You could make a single persistent server be a peer in a CRDT-based cluster of devices. That might be better - but its harder to implement and might run into issues with bandwidth and size (I don't want my phone to sync my whole photo library, etc). There are some generally unsolved problems here, but I don't think they're beyond us. If you're working on this problem and want to chat, throw me an email - I'm me@josephg.com. I don’t think anyone is suggesting that every application explicitly code for each network device. All of that tricky logic could be put into a userland library instead of the kernel. If we wanted, we could even replicate a kernel device driver style API in userland that network device drivers program against, done as a set of userland library files loaded dynamically based on detected hardware. The tricky part wouldn’t be sharing code between applications. We know how to do that. The hard part would be figuring out a clean way to share the hardware between all running applications, given that any app could be terminated at any time, apps might be mutually untrustworthy and apps would have to play nice to share resources. I can imagine a hybrid approach where the kernel allocates network queues to applications and suggests userland device drivers. While running, the apps would have direct access to the hardware. And when the app is terminated the kernel would reclaim the assigned hardware for reuse by other applications.