To not know the answer to "there are no camels in Germany so how many camels do they think there are in B, a specific German city? " is not a cultural difference, to think that other cultures are seriously that dumb is more a statement on ones self than anything else. This is similar to statements engineers sometimes make that the Chinese are good copiers but can't innovate. No, cultures are the same as everyone else. They have humour, art and like to tinker and have in jokes. If they don't publicly innovate it's more likely it's not economical in that environment yet. The fact 'camels' was used has strong undertones to me, if this was an actually a study I'd be interested to know. Vertical farms seems more a myth than anything else. I cannot see at all, putting solar panels in the country side, transferring that power into a city, then growing food being more energy efficient than growing food in the country/floating farms and then shipping it to the city in a truck. As a park they are nice but I can’t see a worse way to waste energy creating for food. It’s sad the trolls seem to have gotten hold of this. Torrent Freak has not even gone close to saying Sweden has bought him. When countries give foreign aid, it is often, at least in part, for power plays. Japan regularly does this in the pacific islands and uses their support to continue whaling. To argue the amount of money they give (quite large) is so they can continue whaling is also ridiculous. In fact most Japanese don’t even eat whale or care about the issue. It’s mostly political. Sweden is owed a few favours and it seems they have called one in. The story here is why they have chosen this as one of them. I think we need context here, these are just people going around in circles on a track. Their object is to entertain, and that they have in more ways than one. This concept sport people are anything more is a sad reflection on society. The technology and methods they spend billions on developing are mostly useless to the normal world. Even movie technology builds on itself and makes better movies, sport technology just shaves 100ths of a second off records, what is the point. It's forgotten by all but diehards 10-20 years later. At least a good movie or book lasts hundreds of years. To say sport is more than that is quite sad I feel, people need to get over pretending it that important. Total junk. Campaigns like this are what's wrong with this world and the acceptance of them in general is troubling. For the 'players' as a draw card to get customers ($), it might bring in a few I guess since the public is easily fooled by theses sort of self serving campaigns that cause more harm than good. But ethically I couldn't do it. If you 'really' want to help kids donate $40 to a 3rd world charity, save a real life and make you 404 professional instead. Lists like these recognise in public University's that are good and gives all universities a reason to improve. Whether this ranking is more relevant to researchers or students you'd have to look at the methodology but they are very closely related anyway. The reason people hate rankings is most people(Bit above 50%)are below average intelligence or go to a below average university hence they hate it when it's pointed out to them. Even smart people still suffer for thinking they are more intelligent than they are hence they too do not like being rated. In summary, the truth is yes you are better off going to a higher rated university if external factors are equal. But most people can't handle the truth so it's up to you what you believe. So what's the catch? Why is it wrong? Is it we know lesser falls cause death and as such we can extrapolate out. Or since the differences are so pronounced there is no need for randomised placebo trails? I think the simple fact the writer knew the answer, (Hen) but then went on to explain why it might be other things showed a lack of intelligence if anything. Anyone who's intelligent would know Kosher is a cultural test so is not valid. If you don't know how to answer the question correctly it's a lack of intelligence, not you're smarter than the test. Knowledge of the state of mind of others is what is normally defines intelligence in animals. Knowing what answer they want is part of the test. Some people just don't get it... This is the same as psych tests that ask if you want to commit suicide. If you don't know why this question is there then the test is working. You're not smarter than the test because you think it's a stupid question, you just don't understand the test. Sorry but I think this article is totally wrong. Tags for instance are a classic example of something people raved about, thought would work than were a total failure. It was found filenames actually gave more useful information to the user than tags. (PS if it's not obvious hashtags are not tags) Or you could just not get caught up in to the hype and do something useful like teaching your kids proper food health, deal with their mental health and teach drug harm minimisation strategies. WTF Who necessarily reads books within 4 months of buying? I have many, many bought and borrowed books 3+ years old in my to read pile. I think this is Bruce Schneier's way off the mark, even inappropriately so. His book culture is not everyone else's and he shouldn't by default expect that from them. Paying $11 for a book and then having to do a review is not an amazing deal for the buyer. It's just a deal. If no time line was specified in the deal people have every right to read the book when it suits them. They didn't save $5-$15 to get a chore. For me that would have been a within a year estimate. This cause is trying to change the access across the world for scientific articles and you're complaining for a short period "A few class websites are inaccessible, a few friends' blogs are down, and web development is a bit annoying" That's the most selfish thing I've seen today. No argument why this form of protest won't work just it interrupts your current lifestyle. And IMO it will help, it keep momentum and adds publicity to the other means also going on. I couldn't disagree more. These are MIT graduates, highly intelligent people, not some slack jaw locals. They are fully capable to look at the issues and take moral responsibility for the University they are part of. How can an intelligent person support a organisation by being part in it, then take no responsibility for what it does. Yes I know the commoners do this all the time for their entire lives, but being better educated (However you do it) is about moving on from this simplistic me me me mentality and looking at the total issue. No, it's meant as a 'don't drink the coolaid' and think just because you are part of something you are A. Right B. Don't have to accept any responsibility for the organisation you are part of. If MIT did something wrong and you go to MIT you are responsible for being part of that organisation. No one is forced to go to MIT. Take responsibility for who you support, be it a university, club or a job. If you think MIT did nothing wrong, then say they did nothing wrong. Don't say I'm a member of MIT but nothing bad(= short internet issues) should happen to me cause I'm just one of the many in this organisation. >"They are making it more difficult for members of the general public to access academic article" Given what may happen if change can be made is this really anything? This is how most of the mostly 3rd world student/academics live 100% of the time for most articles. They are not attacking students sites AFAIK they are attacking the MIT network I really doubt the Faculty are not seeing this and thinking. This is an attack for unproportionately persecuting someone for trying to free up scientific information. I don't see it as revenge for his death. DoJ won't change, but academics might. I'd agree. None of the answer seem close to correct. It is an interesting idea. I had a small site without compulsory passwords just email address. Idea being you'd suck more users in this way (Data was not a real security issue) And emails are unique. Let the user add a password if they want. It never got popular, so no idea how it would go. Griefing might be an issue. But back to the point, it's a risk management issue. What's the return on no passwords and what's the risk. Flatmates can rob my room if they are evil. So I don't consider a small security issues on password overlaps a problem. Really Microsoft considers a computer compromised once the attacker has physical access anyway. I do however want a small barrier to them reading my emails etc. (Something about temptation) Perhaps there's issues with teaching bad habits (UX), perhaps it'd confuse users(UX). Perhaps like all projects it goes from 2-10 users to hundreds. This is more what should be discussed. My understanding is you still need a username with fingerprints etc. Well at least in a corporate environment. So they don't change the original question What if the fingerprint algorithm overlaps two people. You suddenly can access someone else account without trying. IE fingerprints burnt off/similarly damaged through chemo. Also an fingerprint attack without username simultaneously attacks all users at once. Not saying with the right tech a fingerprint might be good enough without a username, but my understanding is it's not done and whether it can be is a similar question to the original question. Am I the only one that sees that the title/headline is pretty close to a lie and that he ran a 'Web Vulnerability Scanner' on someone else's web site? This is illegal! Most people seem to be missing this. If you're going to break the law at your own University at least cover your tracks. Don't annoy the crap out of them(Rightly or wrongly) then go on to black hat them. http://www.acunetix.com/blog/web-security-zone/should-you-te... what can happen when production Web applications are tested including: Email floods Junk data inserted into databases News feeds filling with random input Log files filling up Accounts getting locked out Internet bandwidth consumption Scans that take longer to complete High server and database utilization Incident response teams and managed security providers having to deal with alerts Final cleanup needed after the fact No they are not bugs, in any way, shape or form. I think you are missing the technology and ethos of website design here. Web scanners do massive offensive attacks. They basically DOS attack your site in many ways, trying millions of attack vectors. Mitigating against vandalism is very hard. It hurts users the more you do. Generally you leave it as open as possible and it is ok, since it's not a security issue per se and most sites can live their lives never having been attacked this way. There's no money in vandalism and unless you piss off skilled or determined people it won't be abused. Someone could write a script to cause thousands of $ damage to wikipedia without much trouble. But wiki chose's to leave itself open and take the risk. They don't have a bug. They are trying to do the right thing by users. As per my link to a direct article by the makers of the scanner he used, it is invasive. What more do you want? Yes, passive scanning is fine with me, it's probably legal in most countries, but this is not certain (See Google and wifi). But I don't see the relevance to the conversation. Passive automated scanning is fairly useless so it's not really used. Fact is he broke the law at a criminal level and caused damage, if you can't see this, you really have no idea of the reality of the technology he was using. But what should happen to him for it is a discussion for a different thread. The technology here could easily have been done 50-70 years ago (And it probably was) I think it's not about robots but the spread of ideas and commerce is now much easier with the internet. I'm guessing you are just a child or a troll. When you get older you'll realise all marriages and lives have their ups and downs. If a 'cheating spouse' is the worse you have to deal with you'll have lived a lucky or short life. Death of loved ones, marriage break ups, losing jobs is life. Get over it. It happens to all of us, this me, me, me mentality that we live in a hollywood movie and just because theses things happen to us it's a world event gets a bit tiring. How many iPads could a (foxconn) worker have bought before China became a technology manufacturing hub is the real question? Hell of a lot less I'd image. A lot less medicine and school for their kids as well I'll guess. Ummmm you could sell your "3 year old nephew's" art for $100,000 but for some reason you haven't? Right.... I do get tired of the old insult to art that "I could do better" but for some reason that person has 'chosen' not to make millions and be famous. People need to stop fearing things they don't or can't understand. Exactly, really it's not that hard, but as this blog article shows some people still just don't get art and/or how it's valued. And it's ok not to understand things, but it's not ok to ridicule things just because you don't understand them. This is not consumption at all. A painting is probably a few hundred $ worth of materials perhaps a couple of hundred hours labour tops. The average person probably wastes/consumes more rubbish in a week or two. This is a rich person not consuming if anything. What I find interesting is, it is totally the schools copyright when you think about it. There's no way the students would be thinking up what they were without the collaboration of their teachers. Sure schools should have special rules, they need to encourage not stifle, but in any logical sense it is their IP. I find very unlikely it doesn't work. Shonky electronics are possible out of China but 100% not working electronics are rare. It's evolution. The business would quickly go out of sale, so assuming you're buying from a reputable seller it's unlikely you get a total scam. So to make a big call like that you really need more proof. Same reason as why we want money? We see it as a proxy for power. Why do people want power? Evolutionary reasons. Probably for men we see it as a way to reproduce a lot for women it's probably seen as a way to ensure their children are successful and reproduce. It gets a bit depressing if you think about it to much. Just enjoy life and accept things. What people never seem to get in the Minority Report is, it’s not cool because he used his hands. It was cool because it had kick ass software behind it that could do all the work. I see this continuously with things like glass/mirrors that can be touch screens etc They look awesome because the (imaginary) software demoing it does awesome things. Leap could be a cool device, but you’ll need to think outside the box to see how. My fat ass is not going to wave at anything that it can do with a mouse let along the quicker speed at which we can type/shortcut/mouse compared to physical movement. Personally if I was a developer I'd look at things totally new. This stuff seriously seems like a game changer. Could be all hype but if it's legit I think it'll be huge. Never having to clean the toilet again in itself would be amazing. Cost reductions in business here alone is significant. Anti graffiti capabilities would make it huge for government applications. On park benches etc keeping communal equipment from ageing. The whole cleaning industry could be changed. Waterproofing electronics. Hygiene in hospitals might save many, many lives. I do like living in the future. But you could also never wash it? "x-ray video machine to examine their kids' feet at the shoe store" Except there's no real evidence this ever hurt anyone? And xrays are an incredible medical marvel that has saved millions of lives. Fear hurts more than it ever helps, if they had delayed xrays for even a few years imagine how many more deaths there would have been. The precautionary principle is a dangerous idea that has somehow has gotten mainstream acceptance. It regularly kills people, people somehow think it's a safe concept when it's not. Through the magic of hind-site you can claim there is no dichotomy. xrays could have given cancer to the people conducting the treatments. Using fear, xrays should have never been used for anything. Is it worth the risk that doctors using xrays might get cancer to save some patients? Is it worth the risk of giving a patient cancer just because they might have a 10% chance of a life threatening injury. If you look at all clichéd stuffups with technology their kill rates are tiny, often like DDT they saved many many lives. Now take all the things people get scared of - TV, Mobile phones, electricity towers, chemicals(What ever this means). Mobile phones perhaps should only be used for emergencies in case they are cancer causing. Imaging how many 3rd world people would die if we made the decision. Ummmm Education Minister who (allegedly) cheated at university forced to step down. Don't really see that as a "Fascination With Degrees" Might have been a interesting topic, but it's a hopeless segue. "A prankster could outwit many scoring programs by jumbling key phrases in a nonsensical order. An essay about Christopher Columbus might ramble on about Queen Isabella sailing with 1492 soldiers to the Island of Ferdinand -- and still be rated as solidly on topic, Shermis said." To be smart enough to prank on a subject and pass would mean a pretty in depth knowledge hence the mark would be correct. In fact a human would incorrectly say the student was bad at the subject so it makes the computer superior in marking students actual knowledge of the subject :) Fake. And ridiculously so. You can only see around 2000 stars in total with no light pollution across the entire sky Perhaps the photographer is not saying they are realistic, it might be nytimes being misleading. YES "there is something humbling and awe inspiring about how vast things are." So why fake it. Why show pretend scenes with orders of magnitude more stars then there should be. Why not just show real life and how the stars would look if Paris etc had the lights turned off. Why show a universe where somehow stars at hundreds of times more than they are. Isn't ours good enough? Anyone scientific/technical knows how stupid those pictures look, and anyone artistic has been away from city lights and knows what stars really look like. Why break from a great idea and create something so fake looking. Why not make them realistic and make a point on light pollution and the beauty we are missing out on. Why can't we appreciate the real universe and how great it is. Have we become that sad we need to make everything look like a scifi movie? At least have a couple of moons if you're going to go down that road. There's probably 10,000 stars in the first photo that's supposed to be part of the night sky? It implies if the lights go out you'd see around 100,000 stars. In real life you can see 2000 in the total night sky away from lights. How will a long exposure allow you to see more stars? Even in the jpg you link you can see there's obviously one to two thousand stars tops in it. These pictures are from telescopes, the latter ones even have fake colors applied. Interesting I assumed the colours from star pictures are mostly faked / enhanced / thickened / filtered. I'll have to look into it more. I think you are right. I had to create a quick sim but it does pan out. With round robin it's going to chose the dynos most likely to have the shortest queue given the simple information available. (longest time since it got something) so it's biased to putting stuff on empty queues. Where as random picks randomly, so there's no bias to empty queues, so random should be less efficient. Lol totally evil product based on making people lives awful through fake fear. But I guess that's many successful products, make people feel bad or their lives are missing 'something' and give them the solution for the $ Myself and friends have often talked about it. Be unethical but make money. Individual vs Herd mentality. And in the first world is it really that evil to fool the people who fall for it? I find it hard personally but maybe that's a weakness I should train to get over, not sure. I do give a % of my wage to 3rd world charity so would I still be up positive ethics wise. Interesting article to see into that world anyway, something to think about. I also have read about people being charged/sued over this but Google hasn't helped me remember the case. It was a delivery company from memory. But in general if you are putting things into the product outside of the contract you must see how this as a legal issue? Also see why no Easter Eggs - http://blogs.msdn.com/b/larryosterman/archive/2005/10/21/483... LOL what total bunk, "unless" of course you practice some sort of magic and believe by definition humans cannot replicate this form of magic, then his theory might fit. Besides which the Singularity has nothing to do with the 'soul' and consciousness. It's about super intelligence, this is possible without being self aware. IE Deep Blue I assume is not considered 'conscious' but it can solve the chess problem better than us, why would you think a super intelligent machine that can solve general problems has to also be 'self aware', bizarre. This is so disingenuous and plain misleading and I see it around a bit. Most of them, if not all went to Uni. They then made great contacts and could pull out because they became successful early. Without Uni, they possibly would all be nobodies. I'm not sold on the working from home argument. Studies I've seen have been for work that's partially commission based. Anyone have better? And I will admit it will work for some people but that doesn't mean it will work for a company. It's hard to say to some people you can work from home and to others you can't because I don't trust you. And how can a company work out if you are a person it works for? I think what many people forget is everyone is different and systems aren't perfect. You might be able to work efficiently from home but allowing you to do it might make the team worse off because the best system the company can put in place won't be as efficient. Because we all know companies suck at a lot of stuff and it's just adding another thing they can stuff up in this non utopian world. But as above interested to see any studies people have. >You need to call an attorney. Any other advice you get here is bad advice. Why? Why is your opinion the best? Are you an attorney? Are you an attorney he's called? This statement has no value, it's almost a paradox,. Where's the proof behind it? Do you have have statistics? It seems to me to be purely a pass the buck statement. Everything is a "highly specialized domain" So when I'm getting a house built, talking to friends is no use and forbidden, I should only talk to a builder? If a house falls down I could be killed, that's way worse than being sued. Sounds like nonsense, but why? Every day we do things that put our lives in non specialist hands but it's a legal issue suddenly "only ever talk to lawyers." Yes advice must be taken lightly, especially on the internet. Experts have a time and a place. But living in fear can be worse. I personally would prefer free internet advice than selling out and becoming part of the problem. That to me is a fate worse than being sued. Others however might prefer a mix, they also might have more on the line than me. That's all good. But don't let the fear take over and make you irrational. The worst thing with the patent wars is not the suing it's the fear it's creating. Talking to my partner who's in OH&S and she was saying there is a growing body of evidence working from home is bad for your mental health. Not saying that's absolutely everyone in all situations but like most mental health issues you can't really self diagnose. I did a speed reading course in high school and often wondered if it was a scam. Not a scam, scam more a motivational speaker/Eat less exercise more style scam. If you followed it through it would work but almost no one follows through hence the course/advice becomes bunk. For instance one thing we were taught was to first skim the book/chapter really quick then read it 'properly' Makes sense to me, but I never do it. People do have different reading speed levels and I don't think it's all innate so I don't think it a crap idea. I would agree that maybe the teaching is currently more based around customers and less about pedagogy though. Freakonomics are doing a study/website on this idea (Minus the option to pull out if you realise what you really want) https://www.freakonomicsexperiments.com/ I've never ever heard of Anonymous swatting so please feel free to post a link?? If that's the best link(Or a link that links a non-existent link) then I'm happy to say that no Anonymous do not swat. But touché, I didn't ask for a reputable link. I'm not sure I've learned anything from this video or comments. Nothing is really backed up. Even the speaker admits they are a VC who's not rich. Yes westerners all think the Japanese have a culture with problems, but of course we do, I really need some sort proof or a speaker who has proven themselves. Meh. Old article and quotes like - "Though productivity in France is higher than Germany's and close to that of the U.S. according to 2011 data " "Can I remind you that Titan…is 20 times smaller than Michelin…and 35 times less profitable?" Are a good comeback. It just seems like a sore loser who wanted a cheap deal but didn't get it under his terms so he's crying. A sad story really. When France is a laid back nation that values home life over work AND is poor and in crisis then these business leaders might have a point. So are you saying people searching for "stack overflow" want the definition more often than the web site stackoverflow.com? Because that doesn't make sense to me. Perhaps an upcoming engineer once or twice needs the definition in their life. And they will mostly go on to use the site as well. Lazy people like me often type the approximate of a web site into Google rather than trying to guess the exact url / bookmarking it. And we do this continuously. I can't see the definition being more popular than the site. It is an interesting story about someone's life and overcoming adversity. But don't fall into the trap and read anything else into it, the things you should fear in life are quite boring. Some comments seem to be going down this path. Good links. Looking at past posts some are a little out there (Read crazy conspiracy theories) Shame, it's an interesting idea. Could we be mistaken and the Japanese don't live longer. I believe similar mistakes are happening in blue zone theory. But I'm a firm believer that some people can just can make a good argument about anything. So if they have been very wrong in the past, or very wrong in part of their argument then I take it as now they are wrong and just making a good argument that's fooling my flawed brain. Maths is wrong Where have you deducted the expected ROI on the money you've invested on the asset? Also the numbers are to high, not many rooms are on 6 hours a day. Electricity is actually a fairly insignificant for lighting/ power use by consumers in general. People like these things because they are easy fixes, not because they achieve much. But I'd say the real benefits is in business and cost reductions in labour replacing light bulbs. It's the longevity not the reduced power use that has the value in commerce. > MERCURY IS TOXIC. DO NOT TELL PEOPLE THAT IT IS NOT TOXIC. I don't see why this has capitals? The point was valid it's urban legend / vaccinations cause autism style rubbish about breaking light bulbs being bad. When do we get exposed to mercury in real life that we need to highlight mercury is bad in capitals? To stop people breaking light bulbs and licking them? We all know not to drink from a thermometer. I though the point of HN is we didn't have to talk at grade school/reddit level. [Edit] And you don't need to ventilate a room after breaking a CFL. http://ec.europa.eu/health/scientific_committees/environment... I was going to comment on how interesting it was that such a (Possibly?)smart person could be so naive in thinking a famous model would date him but then I see so many comments saying stuff like 'I think he knew about the drugs' Of course he did! This was the point of the story!?! Back to smart people, I'd be interested to see a write up on his work. Was he actually any good? And also I'll say it, he is old, has his mind degraded? Or has he gone fk it, life's not what it used to be why not go crazy (With a little mental illness thrown in) The concept we can keep consuming to keep ourselves out of trouble is naive. We can not sustain the growth required to replace lost jobs, it's just not mathematically possible, the world is finite. Concepts around consumption composing of the arts(Attempting to loophole limited resources) are also misplaced, already we are seeing computer generated actors and artists. Sounds like a interesting story, why not value add and say more about the issues? Old HN link but libreoffice is trying a similar thing. The video doesn't go into enough detail IMHO but the TL;DW is they are making it easier to commit and putting automated processes into place to mange it(Like extensive and easy testing). Rather than a commit is hard philosophy. I think the first 5-10 mins of the video is the important bits. https://fosdem.org/2013/schedule/event/challenges_libreoffic... > I also hate the people who think travel makes them more interesting and virtuous You can think that but you're wrong. Travel opens the mind a hell of a lot. (And no it's not travel if you are in the same country) What is pretentious BS is if you "spend a month in an Indian monastery, or building schools in Africa" These are total rubbish, OK sure you'll learn some stuff, it's still travel but Africans earn a dollar or two a day, you've just added $12-$24 to their economy, nice work. Travel the world and have fun. Don't do the tourist BS like going to monasteries, these are wanabee travel collectors interests. Go to night club, ride a bike, do what you do at home and learn the real stuff. OK sure you do have to do the tourist stuff, how else do you get to experience a crazy Tut-tut or a packed out bus. But remember it's the journey not the destination. And lastly not everybody can afford to travel, and that's sad. But just because it's sad there no point trying to pretend travel doesn't make people better. It's like access to school, yes it makes people better, yes not everyone can afford it, but don't just write it off. Work out ways to change this. Agree. Brilliant first season. But it seemed to me some idiot somewhere who worked on the second season saw it had a strong female lead and thought that meant she should be a dick and wrote the later seasons like that. It amazes me how Hollywood just doesn't get strong female characters. As an Australian and a mathematician I can't do Pi day, much as I'd like to. Even if the date's not ISO 8601 it's still 03/14/2013? And how does the 159265359.... work 15:92:65 ? I guess this is semi relevant http://www.xkcd.com/397/ Don't see any proof of a general HN issue here? One comment is bad? And currently the comment you didn't like is pretty much down voted to hell. And since you admit HN is not even a site for you, the issue is....... Yep the media is just starting to get on top of this. I saw another article a month or so ago. I first took notice when the Chinese bought out Complete Genomics last year. The future is going to sneak up on us quicker than we think. Well some parts anyway. The Genetics thing has been untapped before, it could explode out. If you had the choice of raising your babies IQ not many people would chose not too. When it hits, it'll hit quickly. Soooo does anyone have any reason to believe this matters in the wild? I like the article it's interesting though, but to me it seems purely theoretical. >And when that GMO crop pollinates adjacent non GMO crops, Monsanto can sue the adjacent farmer(s) for "stealing" Monsanto's GMO. >This an inherent flaw, and has already occurred. Pretty sure this is not true. Care to site. Only case I heard of was that was dodgy was a farmer who had seed contamination from trucks driving by which is totally different to what you are implying. Lets be clear, if you don't like animal abuse don't eat animals. Murder is worse than abuse. These videos in essence are propaganda tools and I see little value in the so called animal rights movement that promotes clean killing as an ethical good. But at the end of the day there should be free speech no matter whether it's right or wrong or for good or evil. > So if you eat meat you can't be against pit bull-fighting? Correct? Well you can but you'd be a bigot thinking you're beliefs are better than someone else's. >Extrapolate it further, we shouldn't, then, be more appalled by a gruesome murder (of a human) than a gunshot to the back of the head. Correct. Again a no brainer. There is however evidence that a person who commits a gruesome crime might be more likely to re-offend. This should be taken into account for sentencing/rehabilitation. But no, you should not be more 'appalled' > Since that is untrue for virtually everyone, you either have to claim that nearly every human on earth is a logically inconsistent dunce, or perhaps there is, in fact, a violence gradient of some sort. ??? Do I even need to answer that? 80% of India is Hindu. 80% of America is Christian. You think people aren't logically inconsistent? It beggars belief you can think a animal can 'feel' then think it's ok to kill it. I think the reason this article came into existence was the other thread discussing this issue got renamed to a innocuous title (Under the title should be the original articles title rule) and hence didn't make sense. Millionaires asking for money to create a product that requires a dev cost of millions which they often then give to donators is a little different. > If you want to become smarter on a specific topic then you must study that specific topic. This would contradict almost all current ideas on learning and education as far as I can see. Not many people think concentrating on rote learning creates a more educated society. > Chess does not make you smarter. Chess makes you better at playing chess. Nothing more nothing less. Chess is about problem solving and logic. I see no reason why it wouldn't help like abstract maths helps outside of the specific field of abstract maths. I can say from my experience with engineers any that have only studied "Electrical Engineering" are in general crap or mediocre. They have very little ability to problem solve. All the good degrees that I've seen will start engineers off studying 'engineering' including a wide variety of topics then specialise later in the degree. Yes it takes longer but it clearly pays off. These are not engineering student that are being taught chess, these are children, at this level they are probably tossing up between arts and craft and other timing killing activities or chess. Time in primary and high school is often wasted due to constraints. Yes teaching them high level mathematics would be better, but where do the teachers smart enough come from? How do you teach it to classes at multiple levels. Chess is easy to teach, students can quickly get to their own level and pair off. I'm not saying chess is the answer even in the imperfect society we have to run schools in, but certainly teaching to the subject is absolutely not. Putting money in an uninsured bank is an investment the same stocks or property. If the asset you invest in fails you lose your money. Don't see how this is the European Commission robbing anyone. I thought (But could be wrong) without the bailout all the money would be lost. Isn't this them giving someone who's lost it all 20% of their money back? April fools was really a pre internet event. 36 hours of the world doing mostly lame pranks wears a bit thin every year for me anyway. Pre internet it was lame jokes from friends or really complicated pranks that filtered through the noise. It seemed more community based and thought out. I you find this stuff interesting I found Bad Pharma an interesting read (Random Review: http://boingboing.net/2012/11/06/bad-pharma-account-o.html ) They talk about tricks like mirror versions of a drug can then be patented after the first drug expires. Then the company can push them over the original, which is not necessarily bad, mirror versions can be better or sometimes worse. Well the no free lunch theory is I think wrong, we are vastly better off with modern medicines. We are already getting free lunches of longer and heather lives. My experience, obviously not scientific, with modafinil is mild mania, grumpiness/quick to anger (What I think is the tiredness coming through), increase concentration and attentiveness to a task. My intelligence goes down. Mixed with alcohol it can cause blackouts (It has a long half life so this can be a day or so later). Hard to sleep on. Euphoric enough to take recreationally. Listening to other people they have different effects. For me I'm not sure it's a effective drug. Because it's said long term you can build up tolerance I've always only done it one pill per week for small projects, so maybe doing it on a regular schedule it might stop some of the above negatives. Evolution is just randomness that causes a rough trend in a direction. Many species have gone extinct under it's rules. Even if it was a thing, it has your species interests at heart, not you. There is a lot to the article and you should take heed it's the future, like it or not. But if you want a warning sign on Modafinil as per the article the drug came out in 1998, it has been and is still is fairly easy to get, why is it not bigger than it is? These drugs are still just rough tools, the new batch are coming soon, but Modafinil is not "Limitless" Most of wiki is patrolled by robots, I'd image if it was useful it would. I'd see natural disasters possibly false positiving compared with turf wars between groups/countries after a flare up being the main reason you'd do it. I think professors asking students to edit would be rare enough not to make it worth while. I'd image if it's not copyright infringement on the one article across the entire Wikipedia it could become copyright infringement. Funny I think so to. I've heard to much of the story before, it seems like they have mashed a few of the classics together to create it. Edit: Or maybe I just read the original story on Reddit. You have to be carefully with stories like this, often the reason they go viral is not for nice reasons. To me it seems the enjoyment is someone gets hurt and we get to be guilt free in doing it because the hurt person is 'clear cut' bad. Sure that's why we enjoy most movies and computer games, but I think taking it to real life is a step again. There's a nasty undercurrent in these sort of things on the internet like nigeria scammers scammers. Always remember more often than not the people participating in these crimes do it due to mental illness or desperation. I'm not saying let them get away with it, I'm not saying don't blog about it. I'm just saying in my opinion perhaps try not to celebrate it to much. To quote myself above 'I'm not saying let them get away with it' I didn't even say not to beat them. If beating them is what you have to do, so be it. All I said was the greater community shouldn't celebrate it. My point is I think these style of stories are glurge and I think people need to try and be aware of that. http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/Glurge I wonder why looking for a idea on the actually percent of people in each I can't find any idea on what it actually is on the interwebs, they all differ and top results aren't seeming to link peer review articles. It shouldn't be hard stuff, people are not generally embarrassed about the topic so any one should be able to pop out a study. It involves work productivity so it should be a popular. There should be some sort of biomodal graph showing percentages. >Perhaps you're a person, rather than a label. Or maybe labels are ok until some singularity style computer can know exactly what each individual is and how to exactly optimise their happiness maybe the approximations labels give us make us better off. When used correctly they can allow us to better know ourselves and also be more understanding of those around us. I think letting anyone submit an idea is interesting but will quickly fail unless they pump a lot of money into ensuring crank stuff doesn't get in. The difference between science and pseudo science can be hard to tell at times. Unless you have a barrier of entry like for instance being asked to do a talk, then pulling it off, you will get a lot of noise. Even with this TEDx is still getting into issues for instance. Maybe mooonshot is meta in this regard. This seems to currently be on the front page(Link broken), which is interesting.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUHLNjWn68g It worked out my location (nice) but didn't bother changing dates and temperature to metric/local format so it immediately looked confusing. I would say not having a goal of "increase my income by 30-50K" might be a start. Moneys not everything, it probably shouldn't be a goal. Instead by focusing on making yourself happy you'll be better off and probably be earning more. Just a theory. Empirical evidence shows money does make people more happy. But there's a lot of if's and buts. It depends on current earnings and it also depends on what others around you earn and it levels off. And it's not logical in any way. Halving your wage but then quartering everyone else would make most people more happy (As per experiments) Commute time for instance is something studies show people don't realise the negative effects on happiness. So earning ten grand more will make you more happy but if it increases commute time you could end up less happy overall. And I think if you earn more but end up less happy you're more likely to waste the money on stuff or quitting your job or missing a promotion and many other things that might in the end make you earn less long term. If you want more money and the happiness that goes with it I think don’t concentrate on the money. I'd consider the current issue with MOOCs Every ones keen to sign up but attendance quick drops to 10-15% due to there being no forced attendance. Paying money for a course gives a degree of making you more likely to attend but perhaps for all people that's still not enough to maximise performance. I find this meme interesting. It seems to me A. Roger Ekirch (a historian) used confusing text to create a medical theory then popularised it. There is little to no one else saying it's true but somehow it's being spread as fact. Equally it's interesting no one is refuting it. It's a popular theory I've heard a lot of people mention. If it is hogwash why is the medial community not jumping in and saying there is no evidence of this? Very funny video and worth watching. But it's not even close to beating NES Games. I'm not a expert in AI but I'm not sure it actually achieves anything. I'd consider it more an art project than a computer science project. I went on a 'news fast' a while back and felt amazing after it. It might be herd vs individual health but watching / reading the news will not make you better off. I do think concentrating on knowledge of the world is important but I think this is separate from news. Ummm I'm not sure a parody site is the best example to be using. A 400 byte joke is kinda boring without all the pics and ads around it. Still not really funny at all..... > If there is a 1% chance the world will end unless we do x, we shouldn’t do a cost-benefit analysis. Instead, assuming x is feasible, we should simply do it. To me it's pretty simple this has a value and if doing the alternative is valued worse then no you don't do it. Everything has a value - smog, a lost lake, all lakes lost, death, extinction of animals, happiness. They can be hard to find but we can make approximations around probability curves. The real issue is when you start valuing things like the environment and life people turn off because they can't handle the fact a Starbucks coffee has a higher value than millions of the worlds humans. And while they blank this stuff out it makes change hard. Why? It's just construction theft. Stealings not great but it happens, no reason to get depressed about it. Not like they were looting straight after the storm or any thing, perhaps that might be depressing but looting in natural disasters is just a myth. A strange myth people cling to, I can think of happier fables to believe in. Totally agree with the gist of the article. But it's interesting there is so much mythology in there. Just because bees create honey, it's still just sugar by a different name. Bees aren't magical fairy's. And similarly Preservatives, Toxins, nitrosamines , anti-biotics (Irrelevant to personal heath from eating) are not relevant. Even nutrition is totally irrelevant except in small cases. Our issue is eating to many harmfully foods like sugar and highly processed flour. It's not lack of nutrients in the 1st world. Well if you truly meant one life saved fair enough. So you'd have to deducted the people killed in making sites like these first. So a web site is possibly $40,000. A humans life in the US is probably worth around $2,000,000. So it might cost one 50th of a humans life to create a site like this. I'd guess not, but the figures are complicated, the site is used for other things for starters. I'd suspect a suicide help line would be better money spent. Don't drink and drive campaigns, healthy eating, quitting smoking help all far better returns I'd guess. Given I can go to the masses of media over reporting this stuff, why is it here. > My team at Google has a pretty broad mandate which gives us a fair bit of freedom. The other points might be fair but this would have to be the exception rather than the rule in private industry and even Google I would image would never give enough leeway to someone to "monitor volcanoes with sensor networks" >Seriously, why does ANYONE use anything other than Google Search and Analytics? Why do you willfully choose to expose yourself and your business to what they can do to you? A. Does anyone have a valid story were the user actually lost everything, for good? B. Assuming it's possible the risk of catastrophic failure by losing Google can still be lower in a risk assessment than the cost of redundancy or of making each part independent. Especially in a startup where there is already risk everywhere. I think the problem is within the supposed science field sudo science is getting more traction. People who have done science degrees are coming out and still believing in forms of magic like organic, chiropractics, chemical free, anthropomorphizing animals etc. It's a fine line, should we appease the masses and try and get more scientists or try and at least get the supposed scientists practising and believing in actual science. So who ever cuts is always worse off since they always get the smaller piece of pizza. Unless they can use tricky psychology to make the small piece look bigger, possibly. Fair to me is I thought obvious, you cut it then flip a x sided coin. That would be interesting if they actually deciphered a real blurred picture. Which they didn't cause it's not possible, I mean, left to reader. [edit: I put it with the myth you need to erase data on a hard disk randomly multiple times http://www.nber.org/sys-admin/overwritten-data-gutmann.html ] No, I more commented on the article made a pretty bold statement and then didn't follow it up yet everyone buys into it. I've never seen it actually shown so that to me makes it dodgy. If it was possible it'd be a pretty cool demo. (And I assume I don't need to say removing camera blur, the famous photoshop swirls incident etc is not the same.) Ireland (Which has heaps of money and time to waste unlike Pakistan which has aid programs to run) tried something like this years ago, the IRA just developed a way around it. I suspect like all self made security experts they have created a product they can't crack but bomb makers quickly would. When I first heard it ages ago I was dubious. The fact this is the only story since then makes me pretty sure it is a load of BS. Seriously "Author Eugene Linden, who has been writing about animal intelligence for 40 years" Pretty sure Eugene Linden has zero training in animal intelligence and is just a journalist. Why can't people just be happy with the fact non humans are just that, not humans please stop trying to anthropomorphism them. When I first saw this on Reddit I though a similar thing. It (unsurprisingly) was getting a disproportionate amount of coverage compared to similar things the other way round. Reddit is quite dark when you read between the lines on many of the things and issues they take up. Can we all remember that being murdered by your spouse or ex is probably an order of magnitude more likely than this, purely from the fact this is making the news rounds where as generally you'll mostly not even hear of a murder by an ex in another state. That's not to say this isn't interesting from a SEO or how do we live in a world where information cannot be removed once it's out there perspective. Or even how information attacks are possible. But if you're getting up in arms about this personally it's a good reason why you shouldn't read the news because this is less likely than being murdered and that I doubt you'd worry much about that. How do you know? Aren't you still at the managers stage where you just got an email fwd to you with someone just saying no? Or do you know the entire Christian's side of the story? Could someone tell me what a person with a Klout score over 55 would be like please? Just how influential is that -ish? >Put up picture-based landing pages on those domains.... I would have though this is a no brainer for Google to catch these days. I though text under pictures would be like white text on white and would set off immediate alarm bells. Is this a parody? I seriously can't tell. They cost nothing so are considered by participants internally to have no value and hence are treated as such. Point out current problems with X. Somehow proves X is never possible. A real hacker would think, ok robots don't work yet, how can we make them work. > $500 deductions for drycleaning without receipts, people are going to claim all $500. This is illegal if you didn't have any drycleaning. You can go to prison(In theory) if caught. I though companies 'are not people' so I don't see why the word immoral should be applied to such things. Can't really have it both ways. > Unless you have a power source that's going to last that long Geothermal, nuclear, tidal. Perhaps wind, I'd think heating the upper atmosphere would still cause turbulence? I'd say the main reason is that it's not as cool. Which at the end of the day is why we do stuff. Living on Mercury would be dam cool. I don't see this contradicting Anonymous's philosophy at all. These are people tipping the police off anonymously. This is more often then not for crimes like drugs that Anonymous does not agree with. They did exactly the same thing in the US a year or so ago. The police are 'The man', people acting in secret with the police are not what Anonymous would see as on their side. Well really I'd just have to cite Anonymous thinks that. But true I have no evidence they do actually think this. No, I'd still go with Hanlon's razor, I'd guess whoever wrote it though it was true. Lack of nutrients are not killing us, too much of some sort of X is. (I think it's sugar and high refined carbs, some think it's fat, some believe both) The reason vitamin pills are consider phooey is because there is no evidence of missing nutrients in our diets (There are some exceptions, ie when pregnant, if you're vegan etc) End of the day, anything that makes us eat less X is what we need. To me that's fruit and veg that taste great and are cheap, not their nutrient content. I don't know, I consider them more unsolved mathematics problems in the non academic world. I know tomato tomato, but to me in computer science it's more important to know if they have been solved for most cases (Or alternatively considered probably to hard in RL) Getting to caught up in perfect solutions can be more a hindrance. My understanding is walking rather than than driving for instance is NOT a solution to this specific issue (It's great for other reasons). It is in part, as in you might sit for 13 hours a day so 30 mins less sitting makes you 3% better off but really it's not the solution. Similarly to getting up and walking around, if you do it 5 mins ever hour that's 4% better off. My understanding is these studies are saying to make change you need to stop sitting for large periods of time (ie reduce by 50+%), if you don't want to die/become crippled early. Any blog starting with a immigrates take our jobs implication is not really something to note IMO. But anyway if you're an engineer and can't retire by 60 then you've done something wrong. Just don't blow your money on stupid stuff. And by retire at 60, that can mean anything, work for free for a charity, do a simple start up, work part time. >I wonder how one teaches people who don't know better. Considering first world nations still continue to pollute why do you expect people in abject poverty to be any different? Open defecation is a serious problem, but I don't see it's relevance to "India people cannot take care of their own land" or graffiting other peoples property. This is a issue about hygiene and how can one implement it in very poor countries. >Once in a while I come across an animated debate on health benefits of sugar vs. high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS). It is enzymatically produced mixture of glucose and fructose that approximately matches the chemical composition of sucrose, aka sugar. It is not this debate that is my concern; Why are people discussing what the article specifically says it is not about? I'm lost, your father was involved? I assumed art, but also like the test theory Looking briefly at this it seems this is classic facilitated communication. Unfortunately this it a form or magic some families of autistic children get tricked into believing and it is quite sad Coursera is perpetuating this awful lie. If there's any story here it's impossible to tell with such a badly written and misleading article. >Nothing says, "I love the Earth!" quite like bringing bulldozers into an old-growth forest to create a fake ruined castle. So he brought multiple bulldozers in hey? Somehow I doubt that, do people actually buy into this sort of stuff? At best from pictures it looks like they used small earth moving vehicles as you'd expect. http://ncwtv.com/nn/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/0e64parkers-w... Lol, yes I did notice I've stopped using wikipedia.... no that was Myspace. Very strange article. I always find it bizarre the consistent need for a certain types of people to believe IQ tests are not real. It's pretty much conspiracy sort of stuff. A. It's quite a stretch that a whole scientific community can't create a test for IQ and get past the tired issues brought up 50+ years ago. B. The concept brains unlike heights, hair, body shape etc etc etc are all the same is pretty ludicrous. There is lots of stuff on the Flynn effect, I'm sure people can google it for themselves. But at the end of the day why is it so strange a test given to people in the 1960s scores differently for people in the 2010s. It is such a strawperson argument. IQ's about relativity and ability in the current environment. I find it quite unbelievable people are buying into this story. Border guards have access to private email to catch people who possibly might work on the wrong visa, sure.... And boarder guards have kept this secrete for years but the leak came from within the NSA. What is wrong with people. This is why the governmenat walks all over you, there's just no common sense amongst the masses. Not totally sure of your point, but yes nature documentaries are pretty much always lies in the local footage sense and global scientific sense. But it does lead to the interesting question have people who have subverted the true science of animals and nature like David Attenborough do harm or is it for a greater cause. Half relevant XKCD here http://xkcd.com/397/ So I'm going to send you a continuous stream of 1's saying currently my blueray play is not outputting a 1 from the movie 'The Godfather' Wink wink. Beer fed cattle is pretty much an urban legend, this didn't tip anyone off? So at a guess basically they've encrypted a message that is not Snowden's key that somehow calls back when decrypted (link, exe or something) so they know if the NSA is listening in. The term Hipsters is pretty much a derogatory term used by one class of people to put down another. (I'd guess jealousy is most of it) Which is why i'm surprised the artist who should be better than that would have used it. It seems originally it was called 'Street Stone' and release a year ago. I guess that didn't have the hint of maliciousness the internet feeds off to go viral. I wonder if it was the artist that tried another tack or the internet pushed him that way and it was more evolutionary. It does seem he now uses 'Hipsters in Stone' https://www.google.com.au/search?num=100&q="Project+Street+S... I would certainly agree this would seem to be the case, but the article is not too clear on that. Got it. Certainly his twitter seemed to say the opposite. What didn't add up to me is A. Prism could track these emails. B. It would trip it off It seems to be missing the real issue that you generally don't want lifts that go all the way to the top in one run because it uses up to much real estate. You have to have multi-stage lifts else the whole building becomes full of lifts rather than offices etc Much more exciting for projects like loon I would have thought. Because when you stack lifts on top of each other in different parts of the shaft you can have multiple lifts running at once, hence multiple time the efficiency per m2. (High latency though) Lifts are also limited by speeds, if they go too fast they make some people queasy. This is also an issue to contend with since express elevator are limited in the 'express' bit. Edit: to be a bit clearer if you split up a shaft into 4 sections with fours lifts you can have four lifts full of people being moved, hence your bandwidth is 4 times as much. Taken to extreme you have one for every floor http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paternoster I never get why these vague I want money posts get to the front page, how is this hacking? Wanting more money, for little work? That's status quo. Anyway stop wasting your life on stuff would be my tip. Or Learn to cook well(healthy and tasty) over a few months, it'll save you money and health costs. Great tax free not wasting money passive habit to pick up. I think you've miss read the question > I have 1-2 hours daily that I can spend on any project/activity that will, after some work, generate $1000/per month net in passive income. $1000/28days at lets say 1.5hours = $23 per hour. So I'm guessing they are not wanting to do the 1-2 hours per day once it's up and running, because $23/hour is not passive income. Good hack, yep that's a interesting question. Edit: Weakness - language. Solution get a bi-lingual friend who can suggest a non English success story. This in reverse http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2012-02-29/the-germany-... The whole landfill thing has always prayed on human's inability to get to bigger picture. They see a dump and somehow think it'll take over as time goes by. Dig a hole, put rubbish in it, push dirt on top 50 years later and you get a nice park. Don't think it's safe for humans on top, even better a guaranteed wildlife refuge. It works because it's a one off. If every page did this then a contrary page with images would make the point against just words and everyone would agree. Looking at simple page's like that all day would be depressing, I want beauty in my life, not just words which can be beautiful, that's why I read novels, I also want visual beauty. A gardener cuts my lawn for money they are not payed to be nice. If they are nice then I assume it's because they are nice, not because they are doing it for money, since there's no direct obvious correlation. (Especially if they don't own the business.) Prostitutes are payed to be nice, that is their service so the nice bit is "unauthentic". Just as the gardener might not be cutting my lawn for love, it's probably just money, but the friendly conversation probably is real. Once you start tipping the niceness is much more out there as possibly faked. Simple statement to me. > They have been predicting automation will destroy jobs for centuries, and it hasn't happened. We have replaced jobs by consuming more. This concept growth is infinite is not practical(Or mathematically possible), and it's probably not linear either, when it hits and growth stops being able to replace lost jobs it could be sudden. Bespoke is interesting, but I'll probably only visit 1000 different houses in my lifetime etc 'Bespoke-esque' products will be able to be mass produced and appear unique, currently they are limited by space time, small markets overseas trips will have little meaning to goods in the future. Once 3D printers/scanners work well I can copy anything that an artist creates why would I buy it off them personally, especially since I'll probably be unemployed myself. Sure I'll go to a fancy humans serve me restaurant every now and again, probably when I'm young and hip, but normally I'll do what everyone else will do, get a excellent, cheap hassle free meal made to order served by automatons. Building and driving are dangerous jobs, it won't take many lawsuits before they get shut down for humans. More of a dystopian fan myself. And I'd guess the work place wins by far out of that deal. A professional person knows for starters the interview is not necessarily the job, especial the kinda person who bases it on one question is not something you'd want to touch with a 10 foot pole. In many companies HR will be doing the interview, or even one level of it. You have no idea what the team might be like. Even all that said it's a fun question that I'd like to try, it say a lot about people who won't attempt something fun and unusual. But what do you ask? You can't do fuzzbuzz for an hour. I'm sure I can show you a study that shows some of your questions are wrong. It's one question, at the end of the day every question can probably in isolation be said to be wrong. While they are answering a question like this you see many things, how the handle stress, how they handle something they don't know, how they communicate the solution or ask questions. We all know this question is not meant to be solved right? That bit's not rocket science. It's about how people tackle hard/impossible stuff they don't know. If you answer a question you don't know the solution to by walking out of the room, that to me is a fail and a good test. If they try and get defensive that to me means they are not good team players and won't ever ask for help. How else does one see if they are a team play in an interview? It's easy to bag the questions but people aren't really coming up with supposed solutions. Dunno. From a Crypto-Anarchy sort of perspective I would have thought diversity, even if it's Malibu Stacy with a new hat. The more systems the better. Entropy I would have though is the enemy of control. But could it weaken litecoin? Not sure. Could it allow more hedging and a stronger market, intuitively I would have though so. Confused rant. Pick a topic, servant to your employer or servant to pretty things? Studies show people who are employed are happier than ones who are not. I'm sure the grass is greener on the other side right now, but there's a lot of evidence employment gives people more meaning than not having it, it's why lotto winners don't do as awesome as one would think. 'Plagiarize'? 'Stealing'? No, not even close. No code was reused, any parts similar were reworked as far as I can see. A real shame they didn't dial it back and make it a fun article. Inspiration is something we all use. If I inspired someone so much they went off and made something similar that would make me proud. This wasn't a stolen 'code and all' website, at best 'some' parts that are pointed out as similar were recoded and reworked, as far as I can see. That's hard work. And this is why people get cranky at articles like this, people are not adult enough to take them as what they are, puff pieces to build the esteem of children. Could a 15 year old child invent safety equipment for the trillion $ mining corps. Of course not. People with 4 year degrees in engineering have as much commitment and inventiveness as children and money to boot. Plus a fully developed brain. As is always the case child age x invents new way to do blah, invents object blah they of course haven't. As a tired cliche does it have a place on HN. Is this site aimed in part at children is the question? This stuff is really interesting but is a million miles away from child-like. We've know for years washing your hands in hospitals saves lives. And we've know for years people are not doing it. Even just putting up signs helps an amazing amount, but even this isn't done. Cause it's a really hard problem. How does one improve the issue? Some hospitals are trying cameras, ranking deaths in hospitals, rfid tags tracking people making sure they wash. I'm willing to bet even though the checklist above is pretty close to proven most hospitals don't use it. [edit] http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000087239639044462010457800... > I don't really understand why they couldn't use a regular treadmill belt with some piezoelectric sensor to detect lateral movements. Other than the obvious reason as they say, no moving parts(min 4 motors, moving belts etc) How would this work? How would one get coverage on a cone shaped walking zone, sounds to me like an engineering nightmare? > This destroys a non-technical user's grasp of the differences between static HTML and programatically manipulated HTML. I think this line says it all. Non-technical user don't even know what HTML is, the concept they'd ever "grasp of the differences between static HTML and programatically manipulated HTML"? Do these people live in the real world? Important as these stories are to get out, really they are handled by other news outlets quite well. Exactly what one learns from one incident, in one state, in one country is hard to say. The story has no round up of a greater meaning other than the one incident which leads the reader without any cause and effect. Is this American budgets cuts? Is this the problem with counties having to much power? Is this the militarisation of the police force? What is the trend here if any? As per news is bad for you, I think this is one of them. High stress, low information. Can you link to something where this scientific concept is from? I've only ever seen this in the cute not scientific video linked elsewhere here, and have taken it as false. A nice cute plot for a story but not true. I'd be interested to see something backing it up. So the idea of the program would be, with enough mis-information it starts working for everyone not just users of the program. (Else there's little point to it) So really it's not about the users it's about stopping them destroying your current accurate data. So all you need to do is identify if a user is a malicious one and ignore them. So how does one identify dodgy data? Benford's Law is one example. Of course this can be fought, but then you fight back and the war begins. If a person has no job and no basic income why would they commit less crimes than someone with no job and a basic income? Why wouldn't someone with no job but a basic income, if they wanted more money get a job? Yes, Math, Science is hard. It's not for everyone. People it's not suited to leave. So? More the issue is smart people who do other degrees(Or no degrees) that contribute less to society. We need them to do more Maths, Science. (From a herd point of view) Pretty sure this article is totally wrong on all it's assumptions on security being broken. All arrest to my knowledge were from people posting hashes in a public way. Statements like this are definitely wrong, this is NSA style stuff, if possible at all. I though there are only a handful (One?) md5 collisions found. "The relative weakness of md5 has led to hash spoofing attacks on the WinNY network." What sort of parents don't put their kids on medication even though it makes their lives easier? One they are probably hippies, but two I'd say they are quite invested in their child. Which to me could mean they put in enough extra effort to keep their kids grades high. I'd view the study cautiously. "The FSO has not commented on why it needs the old-fashioned devices. But an agency source told Russia's Izvestiya newspaper the aim was to prevent leaks from computer hardware." So someone already leaked they are trying to stop leaks. Very "Yes Minister" This sort of comment is exactly what is wrong what the world. What is your expertise in this area? Are you a anthropologist?? I suspect you are just one of these sick people who like the idea mini zoos with humans in them. These are human beings. They deserve access to modern medicines like the rest of us of the world even if you lose this precious zoo. How are their women treated? That is the ones who don't die in child birth? Going off other primitive societies probably not great no matter what the Hollywood idea of how these societies operate and everything is great. This sickness of how the majority of the population would never ever want to live like this if they had a choice but somehow the people living it are having the time of their lives is bizarre. For all we know this island is just another North Korea and although I respect nations statehood I don't pretend it's somehow a moral decision not to get involved. TL;DR; It's just an idea. Which any good entrepreneur knows is as valuable as leaves on a tree. Implementation is whats important. Except we know exactly how gravity works. If you google it all the exact equations are there. As you say exactly why is still a unknown but then so is everything if you keep reducing the problem. Lol. As Bill Gates puts it "Saudi Arabia [is] an example of why [he] believes limiting the rights women can hinder economic growth" "Education is bad in the middle east" so there's an opening, hmmm same in many parts of the western world yet the real silicon valley has yet to crack this one. Most of his examples are copies of western ideas localised. To me there real point here is there's a opening in localising software, once silicon valley cracks this idea it'll really take off. I'm also not sure he ever even mentions 'Saudi Arabia' Shame about the last dumb statement, since it is a interesting project that they seem to not understand. "If Peru can do this for its people, it makes you wonder why more prosperous countries can’t do the same." Which purely takes away from the whole concept of helping remote, poor people who a little electricity can mean a lot. As compared with the different issue of mass producing energy for high use, rich consumers in a efficient and environment friendly way. I think it's not really putting words in the submitters mouth since A. We all know it happens. B. It's replacing it with the actual title written by the author. It can't be confused with words written by the OP. Personally no rule is perfect and simple things like just changing it can work. We all know or quickly learn the rule. It could be worst like reddit style where the titles have collapsed and are consistently emotive/sensational/misleading to get the clicks. Seriously? Another here's a CGed idea not even close to being implemented? (Which is fine except 99% of the time is because it's not possible/practical) I know there's a claim there's a real version but not seeing pics of it? Or youtube? I cannot see in a world were we are trying to reduce energy use how wireless power is possible? Even if it's got some sort of feedback that allows it to be a highly concentrated beam between devices it still seems to me it'll be very lossy. Loss in the air. Loss in transforming the energy twice more than normal. Given the original title "The Inca Internet" why is it not just a mail system? This is a classic case of why mods should be changing titles. How on earth is this an Inca Internet?? This is why I clicked, I was intrigued how can the Incas have have had an Internet like thing? I then wasted a lot of time trying to see the relationship. But there is none. It's not even close to an Internet. I just got link baited. Welcome to Reddit. The article in itself is probably interesting, but I'm not big on being lied to. Other discussions about threads disappearing might be interesting but aren't really relevant in this thread. Am I the only one who thinks CNN should not be publishing this story. It's not vetted in any way, which leads to issues with both it's accuracy and the safety of the author who admits to suicidal thoughts and is currently in a bad mental state. > And eat some Vitamins The fact you think in any shape or form vitamins have a relevance to you shows you have a total miss understanding of food science and how it relates to you. Unless you are starving because of drought in a poor country or are living on the streets with an addiction, then fair enough. Pretty simple no. You're pretty sick if you think it is. Can connectivity give people things that should be human rights? I'd say probably not a efficient use of resources, but perhaps. If this is the best Facebook has to offer I'll take it. By that argument, if you believe in any human rights, if a worker is needed to enable it they also are slaves. Right to religious freedom/political beliefs etc then the police who defend you if attacked because of you're beliefs are then also slaves. They seem to not understand the issue or concepts very well or are pretty bad at explaining. The concept people might think you walk off a cliff and suddenly you're waiting for gravity from the ground to come up is bizarre. No one thinks that. Most people would think the gravity is the same as when you were one foot the other way on dirt. There's no instantaneous since nothing has changed (Except a bit of dirt below you is missing) It's seems more like a bad attempt to sound cute talking about cartoons. What scared me is it seems to originate from a MIT site. I assumed some sort of prank? http://www.technologyreview.com/view/518416/black-hole-analo... > Groundwater Contamination May End the Gas-Fracking Boom No it won't, even if the article showed there was harmful contamination, which it didn't. The only thing of interest in the article is Scientific American is resorting to untrue link baiting titles. Agreed, and the fact people here think insurance is not a scam is actually proving your point how they can't measure risks well even when pointed out to them. If you house burns down, sure that's reasonably catastrophically bad, But if you house burns down, there's a fair chance it'll happen at night, and there's is a fair chance you'll die. Don't spend money on insurance, spend it on stopping your house burning down. If there's a risk of it happening then the money should be spent on reducing that risk, not wasting it on, if I survive at least I won't be poor. But why are you worried about driving into a Lamborghini and not the fact it would mean you've had a car accident and you could be dead? This to me is where our perceived realities differ with real life. Spending the money on defensive driving and/or car safety makes much more sense, but we can only see the future where the accident happens (And we survive) not all the accidents we can stop. I have no idea about your girlfriends father and what happened but I'd prefer to spent money on not dieing than paying for what happens if I do. This I believe is a good reason why not to allow employees to work from home or even remotely for extended periods. Remote you could mitigate issues by making sure they go to shared offices where people tend to stay a while. This isn't the best article in the world on the issue, but it certainly needs looking into. Uuuugh. Link straight from Reddit, and probably an illegal act from the designer. (Sorry but that's probably the law, like it or not) Much as we all love to string people up, the reality is it's not professional, and probably not good for society. Where is the proof the designer got stiffed???? The reason everyone loves this is cause we love to string someone up, proof not needed. Not a healthy way to be. Wouldn't that mean bad grammar and misspellings are also fine? This article links to nothing about safety. It still amazes me in this day and age people still lack the ability to realise their culture is not the 'correct' one. Many countries eat raw fish all the time and manage not to die from it. OK people it's pretty simple. The scientific evidence is you can not undo the damage from sitting extended periods by exercise or anything else known. Current scientific evidence is you can only not sit. Like all things there is some science that says hey maybe it's not true but the trend is going towards not sitting. Interesting article. RE: Nuremberg Defence. Do you really think it would have been smart for the Germans to hire people who wouldn't have followed their orders? But in a profession environment, yep I'd agree you don't want all people who just follow orders, quite different to work environments where you want people to act more like machines aka call centres, sweat shops, army etc. Obviously a joke of some sort [or a mental breakdown], but lets all jump on board and take it seriously shall we. > the men had only 12 minutes of oxygen left when they were finally rescued Jesus, you seriously think we'd believe it's been 3 days then it goes down to 12 mins to death. Life is not hollywood, please stop trying to make it that. It's kinda interesting as it is. As wiki says it's just a legend. Generally with these schemes the fog is from the ocean so you have unlimited saltwater to desalinate, the idea is to get water with little energy cost. Researchers decided to use a picture from a playboy, a magazine that thinks chicks nude are kinda all they are good for (come off it if you seriously think they don't)and we all think it's ok and want to continue it in the comments. Yes, it's history, like rape and pillaging. Yes things of old are cool cause they happened ages ago. But get over it. Nothing against Lenna, cause she was in the industry, but the fact anyone thinks it's cool to bring a playboy into a place of research offends me to the point of boredom. This was a real good talk I saw on the science of happiness. How it is as a video not sure. http://www.psy.uq.edu.au/activity/media.html?mid=35 Some points from memory - Pets are good (Dogs beat cats). Wage matters. Friends beat family (Not sure if this talk mentions this) Money can buy happiness by buying experiences(Not things) and when you spend it on others. Long commuting time to work is bad. (IE A big house in the suburbs sucks) Parents telling teachers how and what to teach from only their childs perspective and thinking that's 100% ok. This is what's wrong with education today. Normal FUD. > 2. The rankings ignore job prospects. I think says it all. I certainly didn't go to university for job prospects, McDonalds would have taken me I'm sure. I did it to learn but also so I'd get a job that I enjoy and was a valuable member of the community in. This particular ranking list might suck compared to others, but this article certainly didn't show it. I be honest, as far as I'm concerned you're in the PR business anyway so roll with it. How does removing business from a country help? Will work place health and safety go up now your employers are getting less money and jobs from overseas? More people are unemployed, so the child death rate will increase as they can't afford healthcare. The concept that companies would chose Norway, one of the richest counties in the world over one of the poorest is pretty evil. Because people are still buying them. Once they do, they have to buy your product and it's harder to pirate, so publishers win. Why do people buy them A. People get a quick high when they buy objects, this is big part of capitalism. B. They are only game machines. When you use a console there's no emails coming through to stress you out, your body relaxes in game state. (Why ebooks readers if they are smart won't add features, books are meant to be stress free) C. 80-20 rule. The little bit of extra work on a PC can be a deal breaker, even if it's cheaper and better. But the article has no point. Well, it's point is Christopher McCandless is a celebrity, lets work out how he died. There is little science going on here, other than using science to work out how celebrity McCandless died. Image if those scientists used their knowledge for real pressing issues that affect many people. Not saying scientists should be boring and not allowed to do superficial things like all people. But take it for what it is. Which is probably why people go back to the bigger picture. No one has to be a banker, if they take you in it means you're smart enough to go elsewhere. It's no secret how hard it is. Why do people feel the need to put down the jobs of others? Is it because they are different? Is it jealousy because they are not smart enough or don't themselves have the will power? I don't get it. Crossing the Atlantic compared to party balloons? W... T... F... And it a good parable about the real issue, how most people are selfish and will only 'help' it they get something back IE Get to meet a star fish they 'saved' Reality is the star fish are all fine come next tide but the boy goes home thinking he's done a good dead, in reality having done nothing but made himself feel better. The old man is probably wise and realises the issue is bigger than throwing a star fish in the ocean and is probably sad. He too might do nothing, but I'd like to think ever now and again one or two of these wise old people actually does something that saves millions and has a real effect on the world. Maybe something like creating a site like Watsi. If they have a valid point they are not telling it well or at all. They seem to think current food supplies can via efficiencies be increased magically by a 100% or something. They don't even seem to be looking at non food issues like oil use or the fact the 1st world (And it's mega resource use) is tripling. Let alone technologies that might increase the life span by years which'll cause 9 billion to seem like a small figure. Full text - http://bjsm.bmj.com/content/early/2013/09/03/bjsports-2013-0... Reminds me of the South Park 'Whale Whores' episode. A lot of people who probably are happily eating chicken getting incensed by another culture doing something the same to a slightly different creature. >Fewer are willing to admit the culturally-exploratory, finding-yourself vacation experience we read about on a travel blog has pretty much the same level of benefit to society. Totally lost me on this line. What's the point of being alive if you're not going to have experiences like travel. That pretty much only leaves work as an option to fill you're time. But this is where the article totally lost me. What's the point of making society better if we are not happy. What are we aiming for? Studies show travel makes people happy, unlike buying objects for instance. True making myself happy doesn't help society, I guess, but then what's the point of it all. > If I flip a coin in a deterministic universe, it's still "random" (air flow, force exerted, etc), but if I "rewind time" and play it back, I'd get the same result. Couldn't quantum mechanics mean this is not true? I was also pretty miffed to learn in Dune II the enemy could cheat and see outside the fog. But until I learned that it was a lot of fun, the AI possibly would have sucked without the cheat. Predictability in roulette - http://www.newscientist.com/article/mg21428644.500-roulette-... My understanding would be quantum mechanics would not play the same if you went back in time. It is truly random. But since time travel is impossible then maybe it makes no sense in general to talk about. Plus as pointed out the OP does say it was a deterministic universe (but I would have thought that is not what we are in due to QM) Why is the title "Don't use Hadoop when your data isn't that big" When the article is "Don't use Hadoop - your data isn't that big" Two totally different points? And I'm sure it was correct to begin with. I'd say at some stage someone has made the quote and all the news stations ran with it, never fact checking. Most of the people watching can't get complex ideas, but everyone knows rotting food is smelly so it's a story that sells. And you can't have a smelly beach, it's not like there are starving people in the world. I can't see it much different to a whale beaching. Back of the envelope - 4000 eat ~ 1kg per day times 10 days So approx 40 tonnes of food is in the ship. You'd have to imagine you'd easily recover 80% and remove it. How was it tax deductible since he essentially was keeping all the value of the product? I can't buy a stack of cars and then donate a ashtray to the Salvation Army and claim the car back? No, that's why it was at the Salvo's in the first place he was getting them to peel off the thing of value he bought, bar codes that give flyers miles. It's a bit a stretch that any judge/anyone would believe that he was buying pudding. Or that he went to all that effort to keep something of zero value. > NEWSFLASH: If you're doing something specifically to get attention, it's possible the attention you get might not be to your liking. What on earth was he doing to get attention? He was doing a job. If you are writing stories for people in a park, a typewriter is probably the best way to do it, how else would you? How was he trying for attention any more than the ice cream van I'm sure was down the road? Since when do people working in public have to be "NEWSFLASH"ed that they are trying to get attention. To be honest a secret part of me hopes it'll happen so airship technologies will be forced to use hydrogen rather than helium. I've always considered the false safety issues with hydrogen and the fact you can instead use, safer but expensive helium have held it back. No facts of figures to support my reasoning though. You seriously think you can't type on a typewriter? As to doing it electronicly, he deals with that issue, a electronic story email would have little value to most people. ---------------- My favorite exchange was between “I_thrive_on_apathy” and “dlins”: i_thrive_on_apathy: What the fuck is he going to do with that typed page? Scan it? Dlins: you do realize things have value even if they're not digitized, right? i_thrive_on_apathy: Huh? ------------------------------ As compared to petrol dangers? Something lay people (And children in many states) handle all the time and sit on top a huge tank of every time they go driving. Just saying hydrogen dangers are way over rated and it's hurt progress, and part of that is because there is a safer replacement, even though it's very expensive. Anything that is currently controlled or regulated by governments will get decentralised to the net by private enterprise. Education, Medicine, Law, Jobs, Banking, Sins (Most already there), Importation (3d printers). My guess. Get over it. All this effort so some rich kid can go to a private school overseas? What about the 99% of kids with autism who's parents can't afford to send their kids overseas four times a year to a rich kids school. Their kids get stuck in a shitty British school. Even worse it might not even be private! Seems to me this school is in the 'not really proven' category, which would make me extra cautious it's not just a scam given the normal scams run against parents of autistic kids. But all that's irrelevant, the parents can spend their money as the wish and assuming Heathrow is not tax payer funded they also may do as they wish. But saying 'Ok, now i finally understand why our governments treat us like filth.' because people here on HN see through fluff stories is a bit much really. Quotes by themselves are meaningless, no topic can be succinctly covered in a quote. How many quotes have citations? Most of the time they just are there to reinforce pre conceived notions. But if someone you think knows the topic well says it, then you might assume from their experience it's true. Humorous quotes often are only funny given who said it. Are funny candid gags on youtube still funny if they are actually planned? Ask a philosopher that one I guess. Motivation quotes, well I'd need to see proof they work at all rather than just sell posters first. > do those "reputation management" companies realize that in serving their clients by making fake reviews, they help destroy end-consumer trust? Don't really see the relevance this is advertising and most industries in general. Look at the clothing industry, we all could be wearing sacks right now, but people realised if I wear a nicer sack than everyone else it'll up my born attractiveness and so the race begins, back to where we started worrying about clothing as well as dealing with our born attractiveness. Do the people participating in these industries know they are not improving the world and destroying things like customer trust, probably not. But that's most people. >Page 6 states that there was a significant training period for their machine learning algorithm that involved sending the bluetooth from the keyboard through the phone to train it. You shouldn't need to train it via this method, you pretty much know exactly how often each letter of the alphabet is used so once you differentiate between keys it's just standard substitution encryption cracking = very easy. The keyboard type should be irrelevant, if you can uniquely identify keys being pressed it's a easy game over. TL;DR; OP works in programming jobs that are not ideal for him/her, thinks all programming jobs are like that. With a little not realising if you actually take your hobbies seriously they too will have drudgery in them at times. Not dreaming about but actually finding Mersenne primes is a world of hell. I think things from the study like this are probably more relevant. "In addition to a lack of exposure to these 30 million words, the words a child from a low-income family has typically mastered are often negative directives, meaning words of discouragement. The ratios of encouraging versus discouraging feedback found within the study, when extrapolated, evidences that by age four, the average child from a family on welfare will hear 125,000 more words of discouragement than encouragement. When compared to the 560,000 more words of praise as opposed to discouragement that a child from a high-income family will receive, this disparity is extraordinarily vast." I never get the, even if you're treated badly by the company your should suck up to them upon leaving thing. I guess to me minimising the need for employment (ie not living beyond my means) is more important than letting people treat you badly. But each to their own, but I don't get why some people don't get that some of us don't want to be tied to the system even when it gets crappy. I'm guessing you're trolling for comments on the overjustification offect - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Overjustification_effect I find it incredibly sad it has made the top post. The article does not link to any peer review studies to prove it's point, which to me means it's probably bunk, taking a know issue and enlarging it to sensationalise. And it's sad people fall for this. Yet you seriously haven't included any links to this easy to find research the we are at an all time acidification high in 300 million years? Pretty sure the title might actually get it right unlike the actual article "Ocean acidification due to carbon emissions is at highest for 300m years" It is the rate of acidification, not the acidification itself that is high. Fake science for the masses Older article on the issue - "The coming centuries may see more ocean acidification than the past 300 million years." https://pangea.stanford.edu/research/Oceans/GES205/Caldeira_... It seems to me, 300 million is used a lot since it's the period scientists can measure? Probably it's gotten caught up in some sort of quote that we are heading to a time where it's higher than 300 million. It wasn't hard to intuitively know the article is dodgy, it jumped between acidification, to pollution, to over fishing, not really related topics. Why won't someone just set up an alternate site off shore that doesn't charge tax. I thought it'd lower the barrier of entry. Boogles my mind people find this photo collecting/hoarding behaviour normal. You only have one life, live it, don't waste it behind a camera trying to fake it. Even if OP's kid died the next week, as if there wouldn't have been hundred of other photos around. I think wasting a birthday on a triviality would be what really mattered then. Life is about experiences not collecting things. > developer creates something cool, gives it away, and then gets bled dry by the freebie parasites. What are freebie parasites? Isn't the point of OS is it's free as compared to commercial where people are expect to pay? Are people even sure this is a serious issue? The original post even says he doesn't think that's the reason he's burning out. [edit] OK talk about how libreoffice is trying to deal with issues in general. https://archive.fosdem.org/2013/schedule/event/challenges_li... Hmmm no. I can think of a lot of frontiers in cybercrime that'll probably come first. One day in the far future, perhaps. But that's not really a story. DNS redirect of some sort? Seems back up for me http://grahamcluley.com/2013/10/avg-website-palestinian-hack... I don't see the relevance of this comment to the story at all. You are commenting on a difference of ideology and really just changing the issue. This story is about single human beings and our indifference to them when anonymous and in a group and perhaps unaware they might see our comments. These are totally different issues. Most people would be horrified to think she read our comments if they were negative. Most people stand by ideologies. I think large sections of the community think emotively and large sections thing logically. Emotive thinking I think goes without saying is worse since it's not logical. But emotive people can still be quite good at their specialities and if the topic is not pushed by emotions. No idea on the solution, have a Vulcan filter on emotive threads? Is HN about learning from other people or about other people or both? [edit] And will say emotive people also have other great skill sets like motivating others. Just are not good when you what to find the right decision. Some hits, some misses Obvious miss - "8. Plan a trip – but don't take one" ?? "Don't regret it on your deathbed" - this is a lame feel good idea that directly contradicts most theory. Live in the moment not (totally) for the future, aka your death bed. You're alive today, live now. What makes you happy on your death bed doesn't make you happy today. The point goes on to make a kinda miss. Friends top family for happiness and are more commonly what people have more control over. Not sure why they're be better than balloons except perhaps to deploy quickly to a region. I think it has been peer reviewed? http://www.nature.com/ncomms/2013/131008/ncomms3554/full/nco... What is really needed is access to the raw data. Sure darpa was looking into it (Robots) IE - http://www.gizmag.com/sewingrobot/22900/ It is some fucked up shit though, millions of the really really poor will lose their jobs and contrary to many of the lefts opinions these workers won't be able to then go to school and eat cake they will just get even poorer. We are heading for an awesome future or a horrific one. Not sure which yet. > In fact, rushing to ship / meet deadlines is probably responsible for most of the vulnerabilities in software. I think the unspoken secret here is the probability*loss for security issues is far less than the cost of missing features / delays. > I don't need science to refute that the idea that achievement is 70% IQ He never said that in the news article. He was referring to performance in school and specifically comparing it to teaching quality. Lol, it's always funny to see people think the world will collapse when they leave, because they are the 'real' essence. And the fact they seem to think they had some sort of right to be there in the first place having themselves booted out the previous generation. Meh, meaningless claptrap. The students worked hard to get there, which is just day one of entrance. Do they deserve to be graduates, no, they get that reward when they graduate after more hard work. Are they rich peoples children, well yes all Americans are compared to many Somalians or people who lived 500 years ago. No one today deserves anything in that meaningless sense. >Scientific American Editor revealed as harassing aspiring female writer (monicacatherine.wordpress.com) Titles wrong, which is a good reason to have left it as is. This is libellous. He was not 'harassing' her. It was one incident. All other communications was by her. Also not clear if he was representing his employer at the time. So it also shouldn't have been stated. It's not a witch hunt. >but if google can instantly translate English to Swahili This is the problem, they can't. They can do the 80% to make it understandable but the last 20% is always the hard bit. It'll happen one day, but it might be up there with the singularity for when it's viable. Fully understanding a paper to grade might equal AI intelligence on par with humans. Not to say perhaps a quick hack, like a 80% grader that the teachers quickly look over to check and correct might be a game changer. This is true and it also worries me. I always go, good article that agrees with my belief system, who wrote it.... Dam the person who put me onto it in the first place. I think most people so far are missing who the target audience is. Why do you think it was MS hate rather than just boring as? Apple has a cult following. As such it also might be boring but it's sometimes interesting to even non cult followers what the cult is up to. I always remember a psychologist commenting on someone asking why Bill Clinton, most powerful man in the world would risk it all, and their reason was pretty simple. The point is the wrong way round, it's why you become the most powerful man in the world. Power, money, these are all just proxies, even if the people who have and want them don't know it. >I hate to say it, but quite a few US presidents have a psychological profile that closely, if not entirely, fits that of a socio/psychopath The behaviour described in the article is fairly normal behaviour, so no idea where this fits in? Are we somehow surprised Presidents are just normal people and as such must be psychopaths? Loving his kids so much he names rubber ducks after them(While taking a bath with someone he cares about) Truly believing a better red than dead future for them at the height of the cold war? Calling his mistress the see how she is and admitting he's almost crying when she left? Their world is different but that doesn't mean they are. This is standard stuff for people in power, don't you read the news? This includes sports players and it's not psychopathy that would helps sport players, it's about driven people if anything. Or are you confusing normal with 21st century, western moral? TL;DR Giving money directly without conditions isn't the best way to donate funds. The article states the UCT's have less admin costs but are still not as good as CCT. Which is the point of admin costs, the money goes where's it's needed and not wasted. This article is just about the fact UCT's are not a total waste of money, they are not the best way, but people are quite surprised they are better than just burning it. Perhaps it can be used as food for thought for future CCT hybrids. You'll notice a whole lot of hand waving around auxiliary issues like wiring and painting. Solvable yes, but projects in their own right. Biggest point he makes is around the danger. It's also why autonomous cars might take off incredibly quick. Once the lawsuits start rolling in by people hurt/killed by people driving cars large companies will have to go autonomous pretty quick. > This episode exposes a weakness in Reddit's overall structure Except this was a good decision. If anything it exposes the fail of Reddit's voting system such that theses emotive magazines that directly tap the human brain for uplinks needed to be banned rather than not voted up. Although it all depends, is Reddit just a money making machine? So allowing people to constantly reinforce bad behaviours might be seen as good from a company level? Please remember Chuck Norris is a fundamentalist christian who doesn't like gays and is against evolution in schools. If that's your belief system no problem. If not perhaps rethink just how cool he and this whole meme is. > I've been wondering though why didn't I have this level of discussion with my doctor? 1. For starters doctors are good but not super people. The amount of time you can allocate yourself can mean you win via quantity over quality. 2. Tragedy of the commons. Tests that might help you don't necessarily help society. Tying up a machine that helps people with cancer hurts society but might have a benefit to yourself. What you want is different to what your doctor wants. 3. Doctors are not specialists. I read a quote(Unknown how truth) doctors only have 24 hours of dietary training and should not be giving out dietary advice. But given they often see people incapable of helping themselves or going to a specialist they give out advice anyway. The price of a cup of coffee(for everyone in the US) would be around 600 million :) So it's less than the price of a cup of coffee really. > let me challenge you to start any new article, or make any decent sized edit to any article In essence this is a stupidity filter. This has been mentioned many times before where other people have gone off topic to discuss this. I assume losses would be to much to transfer the energy. Locally they couldn't afford the land. > Is it ethical for your employer to expect you to obtain the knowledge to solve a work-specific problem on your own time and without pay? Worse, I paid a lot of money on my own time for my degree my employer expected > Is it ethical to read programming books on the clock? It's a badly phrased question but getting at what it's really asking, then no, it's not ok. Being paid to further yourself is not what a job is. And no, reading is not 'work'. It's like asking should I be paid for 100% of the time when being forced to travel for work. Work should give you some travel allowance, and work should provide some training. But being paid to read is basically slacking off. Correct. It's certainly never done I've heard of? Some companies will count your travel time, but I've never heard of anyone being paid for the other time you're forced to be away form home. [Edit]So, my point is there's work, and there's work. Reading a book I don't think is valid work. Reading a book then using company time to use/develop those idea I don't have a issue with. But readings fun but pointless without implementing the ideas. Hacking is about doing, not reading. We all have facebook time at work, if you want to swap that out, also fine. But to be 'On the clock' using the ~ 4 hours per day programmers do real work to read I don't think is appropriate. Give money. Given you're at a computer using HN, then at any off time a good meal is no meal. You can safely say stuffing more food into you is not needed. So the only real reason you eat in these off periods is enjoyment of food, stopping feeling hungry and habit. This is not what Soylent is for as far as I can see. Not sure why people on HN are up voting an article putting down a new YCombinator. Even if it's valid, which I don't think it is it's not really what HN should be about. It's not constructive criticism since it basically writes a company off. Even the legal issue is BS. So what if it's not 100% kosher if they get away with it, good on them. All companies when they start take risks. A fairly clear case of the scientific community censoring a paper mealy because they don't like it via dubious methods. If they disagree with the results then they should do their own analysis rather than lowing themselves to this. A similar thing happened to Bjørn Lomborg http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bj%C3%B8rn_Lomborg#Accusations_... "The DCSD found that the defendant had committed scientific dishonesty by appearing as the sole author of an article and by including a reference which did not support the data it indicated to support" We all know what's really going on here. It's not a coincidence that this paper is very controversial. Many, many papers would have errors like the above but are not hunted down like this. Godwin's law / Association fallacy. But thanks for finding the article. Sigh. Since when did HN become Upworthy and the glurge that went with it. A child life is probably worth less than $1000, rather than that new TV I can assure you the money to an average charity will save a childs life. Yet throw in Batman and a whole lot of Redditors and we've saved the world. Hey it's better than a normal street parade / pissing it up at a pub. But lets get a grip on reality. Given Google blurs peoples faces, I suspect they are quite happy to blur / remove dead bodies. So not sure what the real issue is here? Has he actually asked for it to be removed? Perhaps, but the article does say he discovered it. "Jose Barrera, of Richmond, California, said he discovered the image, visible on Google Maps' satellite view feature, last week." [Edit] Video says learned of. > Suppose a "hidden truth" turned out not to have been intended by the author — would that make it less true? Yes, it's not true. Unless it was a side effect, like if they came from a repressed society X and those effects bleed through to the story. Then there might be unintentional hidden meanings. The concept art and culture is whatever the user sees it as is a cop out. (Unless the artist intended it that way) We don't put up with it in the sciences, why put up with it in the arts? Part 1 certainly is very strawperson in not addressing the real issue, cost. Everyone knows open offices are worse but they are also far cheaper, if productivity is down 15% but TCO of the office space saves more then that's ok. Labour is a commodity, it has value but so do many other factors. Part 2 perhaps will talk on this issue. Having had this for 8 hours at work it was a pain in the arse (Especially since I use chrome) Google is not a game, if I want to play games I'll do it in my own time. I don't need more distractions shoved down my throat. [edit] And for those who don't get it, it's a massive image continuously moving on your browser you can't easily get rid of. (Ironically I changed to the uk version of Google to get rid of it) On chrome, same same. Default blank tab is image. Why on earth do you want the maintainer to harm this historic artefact? I think you've missed the point on a lot of stuff here. Viruses and parasites gain nothing from killing their host, hence most don't. Heavens Gate has a very very small following today, so no it's not a meme by any means, it's failed to spread at all. The religious memes aren't herded towards a path. There are millions of religions created and through evolution some succeed while most of them fail. I think the fact, as per the article, a victim teaching at a school was treated like the perpetrator is partially what they are referring to. Just like the good old days where the rape victims were the ones at fault. Society has a lot to blame for here as well. In saying "This will likely be downvoted to hell" you are basically saying you are smarter than us. Hence why you'll be downvoted. The masses read the tabloids, if they are not on your side then you're the minority. Which leaves you with the only other options put up with the status quo or leave. Until we get our seasteading going the tabloids are very important. Person A just works job. Job is paid by other person B(a creator) Person A dies, person B just hires a replacement. World is the same. Person B dies, company/idea dies, world loses something. I think hackers want to be the person B and make their mark. It doesn't have to be bogging, running a charity for free part time also counts but it has to be something. People have this strange idea working a job is contributing, but no it's just breaking even. You just swap work for money not creating. Anyone can get into the property market with $10, there's lots of managed funds out there that deal with property. But the reason people don't see the value in these is because you want to gamble low and win high. These managed funds more accurately show the real market, not the in your head looking at the few people who bought really low and sold really high while ignoring people who have lost money. (Yes housing is a little different since in many places there are tax advantages on property you'll only get if your name is on the dead.) So the lawyers can now suck the money out? Even if he blew most of the money he was making on lawyers, what then? Now he puts everything he's ever owned into suing the company? Myth: This story Truth: There are dumbasses in this world... those who believe this story, because it gives them a superiority over (mythical) others. Lol, those stupid uni students who don't even know there's gravity on the moon. Lucky I didn't get a degree and become dumber/Lucky my Uni was better. It's even a friend of a friend of a friend. Seriously, why is this on the front page? The tulip craze is a myth, I'm surprised people still buy into it. It's stupid that tulips would go that high, and funnily enough it didn't happen. > Many of the sources telling of the woes of tulip mania, such as the anti-speculative pamphlets that were later reported by Beckmann and Mackay, have been cited as evidence of the extent of the economic damage. These pamphlets, however, were not written by victims of a bubble, but were primarily religiously motivated. The upheaval was viewed as a perversion of the moral order—proof that "concentration on the earthly, rather than the heavenly flower could have dire consequences".[53] Thus, it is possible that a relatively minor economic event took on a life of its own as a morality tale. ^ From the same wiki page ^ No idea with the picture you reference where it's from. The point about economic theory is the market needs to be fluid. It says nothing about crazy people in a small private market(obvious I guess) The "Tulip" craze seems to me to just be the normal fundamental dogma that you get when people don't fully understand systems. People distorting instances that are not linked to push their views. To me the interesting thing is people 400 years ago also feared financial systems. It's a bit misleading. Stocks are fine, but you won't beat the market, you'll just get it's better rate of return than the banks and many other investments. Just buy safe stocks and sit on them. And the important point is, you don't sit on them to out ride the ups and downs. You sit on them to lower fees. This is the most important part, low fees (And tax advantages) If fees were actually 0, then randomly(Coin flip) buying and selling everyday is the same as sitting. If you don't get this then you're just gambling(in a bad way) Remember it comes in 3's, it's not over yet. I think it's more a commentary on the inane comments that are being made on the issue by people who seriously have no idea on who he was and what he did but want to jump on the bandwagon of his 'celebrity' status. Just be aware this sort of stuff is not about being environmentally friendly. It might be a fine solution given the situation but this is about hacking the place you live not so much saving the world, eniromently friendly solution it is not. But not everything has to be about saving the world. Not saying it's really bad, just saying it's not good. Think of it as, what if his 40 neighbours did it? It's like using wood to power you house in the forest. If it's juts you the harm is hard to see and not huge in the scheme of things, but it is harm and if everyone did it that's really bad. > And by reducing the water velocity This is a bad thing that's part of the issue, your removing energy from the stream which changes it's dynamics. But compared to the house, yep perhaps not to bad. It reminds me of that sketch of the nazis where they realise they are on the baddies side, except op isn't there yet. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEle_DLDg9Y People need to realise it's more "All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." And less terrorists and other cliches. I rate a sites age/last updated (And hence how useful it is) via the copyright, if it says 2009 I'll move on. I suspect may other people also do. Unless you are in a strange place were there are legal issues, I'd keep it up to date, preferably with a dynamic year. If you have legal issues, I'd add in a dynamic 'last updated' or range. No one else finds these texts disturbing and probably contributing to the damage these (rare) events do? What does texting your child continuous achieve other than pushing them into a point of emotional panic, both unable to deal with any current problem (unlikely). But also damaging them after (likely) This was one person killing another. A rare event that we as society have to deal with maturely, it happens, it almost never affects us. Deal with it. Lets say a nuclear weapon fired kills a 1 million people (Over estimate, a crappy North Korean one probably more like 10,000) It'd take 500+ to be launched over a kids life time to hit the 10%. And assuming you're not hitting the same spot where you've wiped out most people. Doubt it. Flue killing 10% I'd believe It's not that they don't know maths, or even their total and utter lack of comprehension of even the simple basics. Many people have mental illness, broken brains of one sort or another are part of society. It's the fact people can't immediately see this as crazy and vote it to the front page that really scares me. I'm assuming this story is a Facebook generation thing. Not sure if it's a disassociation of the difference between/loss of real friendships and acquaintances or perhaps the constant need to get attention which people are starting to use the death of others to get (amongst other things) I can't tell if this story is true or not, it's certainly well written and of literary value. But it is not normal to light candles, create movies and put people who have passed away's photos up in the workplace. Those true friends in the workplace will go to the funeral, this sort of darkness in getting off on people who we barley knew who have died, kinda scares me the most in this story. A bit strawperson-ey No one hates him, he wrote a very funny book on catching a computer hacker. But he's just totally hopeless at predicting the future. Nothing to do with that article but he's one of the first non fiction authors I read (Silicon Snake Oil) and realised he just doesn't get it. He's a bit of a Luddite(In a non offensive way) Given the Internet has millions/billions of photos on it yet the authors chose not to do a simple random sample, at all, I'm guessing this is more setting up everything exactly correct to create the answer they want. This is not how one normally does science. > I think technology is the enabling factor behind the tiny house movement. Not totally, as others have mentioned our grandparents generation lived tiny as well. Technology allowed us to consume big but yes it'll allow us to go back tiny again by consuming efficiently. Rainbows End, Vernor Vinge, 2007 Random review - http://boingboing.net/2007/11/28/vinges-brilliant-rai.html Fiction, near future. Not a biggie but an easy read and changed my opinion on possible futures. What rubbish, paying for coke is like supporting the Nazi party? It's basically saying the Jews are to blame for the Nazis being so bad. If only they stoped being so Jewish there would have been no holocaust. Randomised testing?? 1000000..... tests take a small amount of time to write. Not saying thought out tests are worst, just if you really want to go down the road of testing amazing amounts of options there are options, personally rare events who cares, but automation can find things you didn't think of if you can't write quality tests. Restrictions on X means it will cost more. Thanks for the heads up. But in reality, not much more. Or more importantly, long term less. The article isn't to specific but they imply he used SQL injection. It's pretty simple people this is against the law in most countries. SQL injection, default passwords, remote injection are illegal. The big thing for me is not what happened to him but young people thinking this is legal. Why didn't he try and be anonymous? Don't care whether it should or should not be legal to hack sites but how could he not know it was illegal? (I guess that's slightly rhetorical, he was 16) Pretty much most movie style documentaries are just plain wrong or misleading. And this list seems to have some of the more nuttier ones, probably due to the requirement they be stream-able. But that's cool, I like watching nutty docos, they can be entertaining, but just don't think you'll come out smarter. If you want to learn, read or better yet do a structured course with lectures. ie. https://www.coursera.org/ Personally the arrogance of making it based on Swatch's headquarters in Biel ruined it for me. Plus why would any other watch company now support a time system based on another companies 'headquarters' It's a shame since it was a good idea. As usual a fictional movie uses a imaginary amazing far future backend with a 'new' UI and people seem to think it's the UI that's the great bit. Minority Report was never about the UI, it was the software that allowed the gestures find the info. It would have been equally amazing and quick with a mouse and keyboard. This is a common trick when people demo new hardware. Somehow that internet mirror knows exactly what to show you in the morning by magic, but you think it's the physical internet mirror that's amazing when you watch the demo. > Lowering the barriers to entry can be a great strategy for something It's considered that Wikipedia works because the barriers are high to contribute. (Learning mark up) When people want to pay large sums of money for 'quality' quite frankly that's great. We are in a world with resources diminishing and a jobs market decreasing. Artisan style products are our best bet at keeping it at bay for a while. Depends on the way you think about it. People earn $x. They spend it on products. $x worth of fancy bread style thing vs $x worth of plain bread style things, I'd guess the plain bread uses more physical resources. > pay for a nanny Are you serious, or are you joking? You are basically a 1% and you can't even give anything to charity. It's your choice like all 1% but a least own the fact you are selfish. > The U.S. Crackdown on Hackers Is Our New War on Drugs No it's not. Drug use is a personal choice where all actors are voluntary. (The 'war' bit then causes the damage we currently see to everyone) Hacking has victims that don't want to be involved. It might be a heavy handed approach currently but relating it to the war on drugs is insulting, millions die and are incarcerated because of that war. > Why This Mars Rover Has Lasted Longer Than Expected It hasn't, it was designed to last this long. But politically it's better to say it's designed for a short period in case things go wrong. How are you getting cheated if it makes no difference? Because you miss out on the chance to get angry? As other have mentioned the inferior oils might not be as healthy, this might be a reason to care not just 'cause'. I'm sorry but I'm just sick of the fat fks who need to drive to a beach then trespass across someone else land because they are so lazy any attempt at adventure doesn't satisfy their need for instant gratification. Why not leave the beach as it is, a secluded beach you need to kayak to, or take a motor boat if you really must be lazy. Things earned have value, this constant need to have a road to everything I find so sad. Basically the author is trying to sell books by jumping on a crappy populist view and trying to imply Bill Gates mentioned him. As per the article yesterday on HN, India's life expectancy has raised by 5 years in the past 10 years. That blows my mind, and a quick google confirms it. http://goo.gl/X7H416 And that's on 1 billion people. And no you can't get average figures like that unless it's the entire population getting some significant benefit. Normal FUD. It's doesn't answer the fundamental point everyone brings up about how we just keep refine what AI is, the interview just avoids it with fluff. Who says Watson doesn't understand? Why can't it have some sort of conciseness albeit at a very very low level. Do we really need the singularity to happen for true AI. Yes they will. Same incorrect argument people always pull out about with automation. Prove you need some => then you need all. Software will make teachers 10%+ better then they'll fire the bottom 10% (or just 10%) As it is class size mattering is a myth. A good teacher can teacher quite a large class. Studies don't show a small class makes a lot of difference. I call BS. My understanding is exercise is not that healthy from a physical stand point. (Mental health perhaps) Continuous long term light strain is what I thought was beneficial. i.e. stand up desk, gardening etc This PRed article seems to just be taking exercise as a given the extrapolating from there rather than looking at the issue itself. Yes, I thought the whole issue was myth. Which does lead into, why are we trying to learn about stack overflows and critical system issues about imaginary subjects. And even if it's not myth, as above there's no proof that a stackover flow was the supposed issue. Why can't people just realise humour is not unique to one's own time period and culture. Jumped the shark here - "He also speculates that the reason this work is written in a language never seen before was that it was made by a small group of people who belonged to a culture that didn’t have a written form." Kinda. Probability one - it's a joke/hoax/fun. Hence it's unique and no one has any idea about it in current day. The small group of people who created it had a laugh and are long dead. Probability two, it's a bizarre exciting new language we know absolutely nothing about in anything else. It's freely available on the internet for everyone to see, incredibly popular and know around the world and looked at by many experts in many fields for years. And now someone has decoded it! (In a paper yet to pass peer review?) I'd go with one myself and I think the reason people chose two is because they don't really get how much people in the past and in other cultures are just like us, they like funny, silly and fun things too. Choosing two doesn't really make sense and I'm just putting my opinion out there why people do. People seem to be misreading your question. You seem fully aware that the subjects you're studying are very important and you need to do well at them. As someone once told me most motivational speakers just lend you motivation. Once you've left the room pumped you quickly go back to square one. So it's hard to know what works, there's a lot of crap out there. I've had moderate success with the Pomodoro Technique http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pomodoro_Technique But if it doesn't work for you, or as often happens it only works for a while, make sure you go on to something else. Meh, every few months on HN there's a story about how someone has decoded the Voynich differently. Basically it's a cold reading each time. But people still buy into it. You're welcome to believe what you want but to a logical person they can't all be correct, so something is going on here other than science. Doesn't really make sense to me, what do cleaners have to do with the president? Shouldn't you just be paying market value. Lets say you have a really good president, why wouldn't they just leave to a higher paying position somewhere else? Pretty much you've failed this on an intelligence level. Give current society and the normal constraints on these popular games the answer to all the above are incredibly obvious, the answers you ask can be deducted. (No prisoner can die, if they could it would have been hinted at) It's like claiming you can't do cryptic crosswords because the questions are not clear or don't follow proper English. Although I imagine you are just trying to be difficult :) When has bitcoin ever even gone close to sustained hyper inflation of 231,000,000% ? You can't just go because it dropped or rose 30% in one day that's it's inflation rate over a year, talk about cherry picking. It's pretty simple stuff where locals work for $10 per day, your labour contribution is only $10 per day for unskilled labour. IE helping orphans, cute animals, quick bouts of teaching etc As a libertarian I'm big on spending heaps of money on localised products(With low resource costs) while visiting these countries instead, I make an effort to do stuff that normally I might be stingy on. I figure the money trickles through the economy while encouraging local business. I also donate because it also has relevance, but if you want to help a community while having a great experience, just pay for it. These sorts of comments always set off alarm bells for me - "If we could capture approximately 1% of the X on Y" I think in a lot of countries the labour costs are the major factor in the price. If this is true then what we really need is longevity and efficiency rather than cheaper panels. Actually I would imagine anyone who is not dumb or suicidally depressed would prefer their country spent that money on themselves not dying. So to me, letting soldiers/people die because resources are instead being spent on people who passed away 50 years ago is not a minor cost. > "Excellent communication skills" This is an absolutely ridiculous thing to put in a job advertisement in the first place. So they want someone who has an English major or a communications degree? I suspect not. It's pure fluff that's meaningless and points to a badly written job advertisement by someone inexperienced. Reality is you want someone who is OK at communicating, fits with the team and excellent at their job, which is Web Design. It's a shame about the religious babble brought into this by the people who ran it. "One may suppose God would use a much more efficient algorithm" It still could have been fun and been along the lines of "One may suppose a god would use a much more efficient algorithm" But there's only one true god evidently. Lets ignore those stupid religions that have many gods. I'd guess it's more to do with the OP is in a job that gets targeted with these types of ads. (Correctly it seems) Combined with, there probably has been other emails previously but they were ignored since OP at that time had their head on different issues. As a human a pattern was looked for and a pattern was found. As above companies are tracking this sort of stuff and some sites get the email addresses of user who visit (from tracking data). So the 'coincidence' might be more contrived with a bit more targeting than just low level job data. Would need more info. But I wouldn't call it a birthday paradox, it's not totally random. It's funny just how bad Upworthy is has really pointed out to me how bad Salon is. They more rely on link bait titles than well written, thought out stories with substance. I's quite hard to work out if this article has any credibility it jumps around so much. > Capitalism is beautiful No, I think it's more we are so selfish. Which has always been the case in history. But now we are better educated and more informed so should be pushing for a more compassionate, logical and less racist society over the current owning stuff society. It is a philosophy that might be possible for at least part of the population. Bill Gates is doing it. He's helping the worlds real poor. We need part of the population to start to realise people in the 3rd world are as human as the people down the road even if they seem different. And for a lot less cost than a fancy funeral one could actually save lives. A family could get to keep their father or mother or child. Sounds interesting. Link? If only there was some magical way to put multiple dwellings on the one plot of land :) What you really are saying is you want a large house on a large plot in a location of your choosing for cheap. They mention productivity. It's pretty hard to measure rate of work output and wellness programs effectiveness on this so they are kinda doing it by proxy. The point they are making is people are consistently lying about this issue. Wellness programs don't pay for them selves according to their figures even though many organisations claim they do. And if we are going to go forward on this issue we need to start talking about the real facts. Such as they suggest targeting people who have serious issues rather than everyone. Make real change not token change for the sake of it. > give employees time and incentive to get exercise Isn't this specifically what they are talking about? Giving all employees time / subsiding gyms doesn't pay off. Plus this concept, if it was easier suddenly I'd do yoga or gym more probably isn't true. It's an excuse employees use, but make it easier then they'd find another excuse. And Gym/Yoga isn't for everyone. Many offices / organisations have gyms and wellness programs with yoga and very little of the staff use them. And those that do are as the article points out probably people who don't need the help as much anyway. Not sure why this isn't top of HN. Isn't this huge? Stream Monday 17th, 15:55 UTC - http://www.cfa.harvard.edu/news/news_conferences.html "door handle, gear shift, or paper book" are antiquated ideas that people either have gotten rid of or are in the process of removing in RL now that the tech exists. Coffees cups, yes currently they'll be around for a while longer. To much culture attached ATM. I understand there will always be crackpot theories but why are they getting up-voted. State sponsored? WTF. This would be an act of war. If you want to go to war why wouldn't you just attack the other countries. Why screw around stealing 300 international citizens first? Pretty simple stuff, most likely an accident. Or possibly a political/mental act by a very small group/one person that got lucky. Yes, it's embarrassing. It shows the un-professionalism of the situation. One assumes the real press conference was delayed so he could do the grandstanding. That said, there should have been nothing said at this stage anyway until some sort of real conformation was performed. I guess it's all about entertaining the masses who demand their ongoing live entertainment fix. Most of the thread so far. A bunch of commentary by 1%ers (Which 90% of HN'ers are) commenting on the morals of people a little bit richer than they are. Except most people in this thread will give nothing on death to charity. This is either made up or the auditor has a mental health issue. Either way nothing to see here unless you want to discuss mental health issues or truthfulness on the Internet and how to improve it. > Yeah! People should never try to build new things that fit their needs/philosophy. Correct. Certainly in the software world. Software for young white males is done to death. And although this article is pure humour it makes an important point. As if the IDE is going to be fixable on a whim. It's used and thought about by every person who writes software most days, as if there are any magic bullets left to implement. And if you get put off by a humours article which you don't get the points on, you're doomed to failure anyway. Go off and try something different. If people can't think of reasons why you shouldn't do it, then there's a chance it's a good idea that might have some lowing hanging fruit on it. Incredibly immature. Disappointed in Notch. I guess he's just a game designer at the end of the day, not an activist, so I guess meh. Oculus is hardware, hopefully Facebooks billions will bring forward adoption, reduce hardware dev times and create some crappy software that people can chose not to use. How this can been seen as a bad thing, boggles my mind. I want VR decades ago. At least Facebooks billions might make the current timeline somewhat bearable. > We have people looking at medium res video Given we can't even afford high res video wouldn't 3D be meaningless :) It's not a 3D problem, it a lot of other things problem. Cost of teachers, creating environments that give automated re-enforcement. Making students actually learn / turn up. Fiction often glosses over this bit. Ready Player One was really about kick ass AI / bandwidth needed to make the environments work. Computer games are already at graphic limits. It's just taking to many people to create their environments. There was an example article on HN this week. Can't find link. Another SO set up question :) But what I did find interesting was this comment getting so many votes - 117 "Neither, if you're red-green color blind like 10% of men. – Roddy of the Frozen Peas Jan 12 at 5:31" With a obvious reply, but less votes - 53 "@RoddyoftheFrozenPeas (1) while some degrees of color blindness are quite common, thinking that 10% of men are red/green color blind is totally insane, (2) solely using a color to point out something is bad for color blinds, but if the color is something "extra" on top of the main information, then it's perfectly fine. I'm quite surprised and worried that your horribly wrong comment managed to raise 4 votes... – Lohoris Jan 12" It's amazing people really can't think for themselves and just meaninglessly up-vote because it seems the right thing to do, as compared to what the logical thing to do is. Two bed rooms for one person down town in a major city else it's an outrage. WTF is wrong with western society. Most of the world lives multiple people to a room. Is hacker news for adults to discuss the real world and learn or to support well meaning but wrong opinions and ideas? Unfortunately the two are not the same. I don't think it's necessarily that simple. Many people on HN run on a logic system, many seem to be emotional. So when someone post some cute puppy that has cancer logical people might flag it. Many puppies die of cancer everyday, we don't hate said puppy but we just like to look at the bigger picture ie curing cancer and perhaps not eating animals if we love them so much. But emotive people don't get it and I can see it quickly turning into a why do people on HN hate puppies so much conversation. Plus logical people don't want to look like assholes. Meh, but who knows maybe it'd create constructive conversation. Downvoted for mentioning downvoting but totally agree. I see no connection between big data and AI. Like everything you can of course apply AI to it but I think step one is getting the analytic side down pat. And also agree thinking may not be hard. It is hard to create a thinking machine (Other than using DNA) but I don't necessary think there is anything special to it actually thinking. I'd be disappointed if Chomsky actually thought this way, would need context. Yes, as a country they are still catching up. They need to copy the west for a while yet to become more equal then they can start thinking about innovation. That said this is pretty far ahead of the west. I'd love to invest in directors I believe in, giving them full freedom and profiting from it if it succeeds. How I despise April Fools in the post internet world, but that said this was funny since it did actually bother to go to the effort of actually pissing people off, old school - [school sms system hacked] http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-04-01/april-fools-joke-fails... April Fools finished 4 hours ago for me so I don't really find this funny at all. I feel kinda annoyed that I looked at what superficially looked like a interesting problem. Can you find the algorithm given pseudorandom random numbers? Can you find any sort of pattern? Interesting stuff that's all within the realms of the possible. I understand why people in the Kaggle community would enjoy it, you visit their site and see a funny joke, it helps build community. Not so funny when you get sent straight there. Lets say all 3 million jump at once and jump for a hour and can fully see 100m at 360 degrees. (Earth is 510072000km2) =3000000 * 3.14 * 100*100/1000000/510072000 = 0.0001846798 They only cover .01846798 percent of the Earth. so you'd need 10,000 visible meteorites per hour for this to happen once per year. So it seems unlikely. The fact they both got footage of it is obviously correlated but I also think it drops the probability a bit. But things like that they are skydiving are not relevant. It's be equally amazing if they filmed it from a building or just looking up in the sky or from a plane. This is the tricky bit I'll just hand wave over. This might override the overestimates above. Complicated, but looking at the figures and the fact they both got good footage I'd tend towards fake. I'd be very interested to see a proper write up on this. > "Homeless people in these stories, it is worth noting, are almost always referred to by their first names, while their tormentors, or benefactors, are afforded the dignity of a surname." Unfortunately an incredibly moronic story on a serious issue. What sort of asshole would put someone's full name on the internet forever that they were once homeless. Antarctica. Space is another, but a bit more pedantic. But both are places that water would be valuable. I think there's probably some big issues with this article. For $500 for 24+ Gallons a day even from a commercial perspective it'd have value in first world city settings during droughts for pretty gardens etc. TL;DR - There seems credible evidence fossil fuels will always exist for us and they'll always be affordable. So getting past the strawperson replies about how nothing is infinite, fuel x is not oil or limiting factors.... It is interesting. For years naysayers have gone on about peak oil, yet the opposite might be true, technology might be able to rip fossil fuels out of the earth faster than we can use them for hundreds of years. The fact fracking was only possible due to increased computing power and is now changing local industry due to energy actually getting cheaper shows to me we are in an era of incredibly complex and quick changes. I'd say most people definitely don't have time for the extra effort of reading original papers. Whenever this is important to me I'll get the link from the comments. Also given NPR also interviewed Downey so 'value added' I wouldn't have necessarily given Technology Review preference. I'd guess this article is definitely written by someone within Github close to the story but even if it's not it's a good thought experiment on how without knowing any details things often aren't what they seem. I'd be pretty sure this is just 'facilitated communication'. If it is even close to 1 in 5 like they claim there should be a lot more teams out there on this sort of thing. Try Betas, I thought it was much more entertaining and closer to the dream (Reality always sucks)- http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3012184/ It's interesting, is stackoverflow a Q & A site? I'd say a definite nup. It's wikipedia, well that's where it's true value lies I think. But it's way to get content is 'suckering' people in thinking it's a Q&A site. It's value to the community is amazing. But it is a chameleon. Relevance. Not sure, perhaps if you dig to deep in anything the matrix spoils reality. Hmmmm any story would be pretty cool. Do you think it was a positive place given the real world we live in? Do you think it should have been knocked down? Realistically was the sense of community strong? How did the kids inside go? Did they just leave for walks or did they spend lots of time inside. If you read the actual title which seems much less misleading than the subtitle it tells a different story. Foods aren't 'good' for you. But it seems to fail to mention is the important bit. Some foods aren't bad and some food help stop you eating as much bad foods. I though 'Riot On!' was funny - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0427783/combined How about a boring theory, Internets. It's just a subculture that couldn't gain critical mass without the internet. Like furries it has a wide but sparse appeal. It is a subculture that's not simple though, it takes a while to get into, unlike being a furry you really need to do it in your job to be good at it hence it's only starting to hit it's peak. This is like asking if they are gay or lets say it's audio, asking if they are black. Saying OT doesn't really let you off for asking questions about peoples private lives. Kickstarter page is also a good round up https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/adapteva/parallella-a-s... http://www.rockethub.com/projects/42228-isee-3-reboot-projec... XKCD - http://xkcd.com/1337/ Not sure on the relevance on freedoms and election rigging but this statement - "Third, although primary education in China is quite good in urban areas, good primary education in China is still not as pervasive nationwide as it was in Japan by the 1980s. That's illustrated in part by how few people in China (compared to Japan) are even conversant in the national language. Barely more than half the population is conversant in standard Mandarin Chinese" To me means they have huge room for easy improvement and as such can continue growth for years. I think you've successfully argued the opposite. I'm sorry but I'm sick of f@#$wit teachers thinking Wikipedia is a fun project for their students. It is supposed to be the repository of human knowledge. Not the quality such that a student 'learning' about a subject can do an assignment of editing it. When this student has long gone, it's the Wikipedians who have to clean up the mess. What real Wikipedians do is clean up vandalism, correct spelling and grammar, arbitrate differences of opinion. They don't just sit around creating content then leave. If you really want to help Wiki, work on teaching students the politics and how to do the real work that's needed to make it so great. This was never educational in so much as it's just a game. Kinda bored with people just making up pedagogy cause. What's more boring and uneducational than a recreation of your country with a bunch of blocks. The attempts of the article to make it educational and fun for students are laughable. What's fun, interesting and educational is messing around with it and seeing possibilities. Personally I doubt anyone would have even visited if this hadn't happened. This kinda made it interesting and put it on the map so to speak. And possibly this is exactly what the makers wanted, toss it out there, see what happens and go with it. TL;DR People have become so lazy they now think they have a right to drive to everything including a tucked away beach that is awesome in it's self because people have to get a boat to visit it. Actually I've gotten to find it a nice tick of the site. Meh so you have to refresh and try again. It's kinda telling you you've spent to much time here and to move along. This wasn't a bad round up I thought. http://phys.org/news/2011-06-oh-my-god-particles.html "They propose that extragalactic cosmic rays are spun up in supermassive black hole accretion disks, which are the basis of active galactic nuclei. Furthermore, they estimate that nearly all extragalactic cosmic rays that reach Earth come from Centaurus A. So, no huge mystery – indeed a rich area for further research. Particles from an active supermassive black hole accretion disk in another galaxy are being delivered to our doorstep." Yep it certainly seems crazy in a obvious way. Is it a joke paper perhaps? Reading it, it seems a bit muddled, almost on purpose. Stating known incorrect statements like the brain is 'lossless'. Unless it's trying to say, you can create a conscious computer (obvious) but to compute it, it might be impossible? If you can't get Control S to work see http://stackoverflow.com/questions/549810/control-r-reverse-... For starters your original post should have been down voted because you originally went on about being down voted. This site specifically asks you not to do this. If you can't honour the sites basic rules, perhaps it's not your crowd anyway. It's ok to make a mistake but to be up in arms about it shows this is more than that. I find it unlikely labour costs make much of a difference compared to cargo being delayed on slow ships. I would be more along the lines of, labour free ships don't go on strike/have HR incidents and delay cargo. Normal human reactions. OP also didn't react as hindsight tells us the answer. Hand it over. Why did they value something crappy like money over their life, are they so superficial? (Probably not) We've been told a million times just to hand it over, but OP still didn't. Concentrate on the long term issues, there are more and they are solvable through logic, like solving homelessness. Don't worry so much about how people react in unexpected situations. Worry more about peoples long term decision making, that scares me. > Our intention isn’t to sensationalize these mishaps Fail. It's put me off Tug-of-War. And lets be realistic, it was the intention. But an enjoyable article none the less. My understanding is the science currently totally disagrees with this. People are being fooled into thinking 'things' will make them happy. But the return is deceptively low aka they are being deceived. > Though the finding is surprising and worrying, the possible harm to marine life is so far unknown, the authors concluded. Sentences like this is not science. It's FUD. And as such I find the entire article dodgy. I can't see Arctic ice containing massive amounts or plastic compared to the oceans. Nor have I seen evidence that plastics in the oceans can cause any large scale harm anyway. As compared to over fishing which we do know is causing harm. I don't really understand they people divert from real known issues to these end of the world style made up catastrophes. I'm surprised that people still believe the Mythical Man-Month. As mentioned it was written almost 40 years ago. It was revolutionary at the time but people have moved on and found many improvements to the original and also outright mistakes. (As the author seems to have acknowledged when releasing a new improved iteration of his book.) > throwing more man power at a late project only serves to make it later This is only part of the book. And as per this thread there's a lot more to the book . IE we are specifically talking about it's comments on prototyping which the original OP mentioned in their email. It's been years since I read it, but I'll toss in this review with their points - http://www.goodreads.com/review/show/882155551?book_show_act... To me, to believe one persons opinionated book from 40 years ago as relevant today is just plain wrong. Even things like the way science was done back then is in questionable today. Systems they developed will be improved on, technology and societal change will make specifics no longer totally accurate and one person won't get an entire book right. So all/most of the thumbs up/thanks/short positive replies are sarcastic? I really can't tell. I assume so? State sponsored hacking? I'd think it's to organised for a defacement (re-written code, signed binaries, two sites compromised). I can't see money being made, so can't see criminal. That kinda leaves a state sponsor with the organisation skills and commitment. It gets to create doubt about the product and slow it's uptake down. Or it's real :/ This is totally and utterly wrong. This experiment has been found statistical true. One side has been found to go it's way NOT by chance. This is how peer review / science works. That said there are issues, this is not one of them. If you can read the article they also performed 6 other experiments where they for instance show people a weather map, tell them the name (M/F) and ask if they should evacuate. But I have no idea how they justify including years where male names weren't allocated. This is also not true. For starters many studies don't use a p value of .05. People seem to have read one xkcd comic and think now all studies are false. There are issues, especially were the people doing the studies want a particular outcome for financial gain. But if there are issues with this study talk about them. Were are the other 19 studies they have hidden? Where have they not followed proper statistical practice? How does the other 6 theoretical experiments on the same paper which some also have significance come into it? Bullshit. Every example you give is just laziness. Many many people in this world use public transport who are elderly, have kids, do the shopping. Why can't the elderly walk to the bus? Have their legs fell off? Perhaps people with certain disabilities might have issues that public transport can't solve, but they are not a large part of the population. Not OP , but your story isn't even anecdotal really it verges onto a friends of a friend story. Plus rather than saying undergraduate thesis say assignment. Because that's what it really is, not at all related to peer review papers or a doctorate. Assuming we are not being silly and A. Pre loading the laptop with data. (A book on how to make a laptop has more value than a laptop, so this isn't allowed) B. Diverting from the question ie you obviously have total amnesia other than how to use the laptop. Trying to beat going to a superpower and selling it to them. They couldn't fab the silicon for generations still I guess but they probably would get amazing ideas. Also the software would be copyright free and advanced. The C compiler I assume would have some cool incites. Similarly if they know it's from the future(?) they could just accept standards without screwing around. You might be able to use it to pawn the stock-market. Hire a mathematician. Since we are not being silly and using current information I'm unsure if mathematicians back then could just use addition processing power to make money? This might not work. You could crack a lot of encryption for years, a good black hat team might be able to monetize this. Spitballing - Easy to photoshop(gimp)images, blackmail ability? Illegal and easily caught so.... Use it on the stockmarket? Guess this is kinda possible today, possible to even print it back then? I'd guess most value is in the algorithms on it. Patient troll your way to m/billions. What should people use? C99shell is easy to use and common. Why is it nuts?? You're using it for quick and easy defacements and compromises. This is a numbers game often from people with low skill levels. I see no issues here at all. If your defacements were getting quickly taken back by another crew it might be an issue, but I've seen no evidence of this happening. Just because there's a security issue it's not the end of the world. Risk management still comes into it. Easy to use = more defacements. Might have a hole, well is there evidence we are losing enough defacements to justify the retraining of the crew and added costs? And more importantly, be agile. Defacements getting retaken over at unacceptable levels, just move to a different product. I would suspect suicide is a significant part of this figure. The fact this isn't mentioned is a worry. Even the concept of singular occupant motor vehicular accidents(Drunk or not) are not quite what they necessarily seem. Things like this could be a big deal. Part of an unhealthy food culture is some people find it hard to cook, both the difficulty and the time involved. A well price oven that's easier and quicker might have a lot of run on health benefits. This article is rubbish > What’s Up With That: Building Bigger Roads Actually Makes Traffic Worse > For instance, Paris in recent decades has had a persistent policy to dramatically downsize and reduce roadways. “Driving in Paris was bad before,” said Duranton. “It’s just as bad, but it’s not much worse.” Bigger roads are worse, and smaller roads are worse? There's a point here somewhere but they've failed to make it. How about stop the circle jerk. They are parasitic, arguable, but so what if they are? People dislike that, so what? What is the story here exactly? It seems to me it's just link bait with everyone agreeing they dislike these apps. It's an article saying being rude is bad. I don't see why people think this article has value other than they get to throw in a me too. And at the end of the day, I'd imaging most people here are also working for parasitic companies who just hide it a bit better. i.e. Advertising including SEO. This to me is more of a real story. The only mistake was telling people they were doing it and being flippant about it. Most people can't handle the truth as we see here where as you point out it is a net positive but some people are up in arms. Most big companies are as bad or much worse but are not foolish enough to show behind the curtain for the lower masses to see. This only makes sense because it is a speciality gourmet product. It has little to do with food security. Having read the book, this review I would say is very misrepresentative. The actual book is very good and a definite read. But this article seems to have spun it into a conspiracy theory. This is the opposite of why I liked the book in the first place, it explains how bad(For consumers) things happen due to systems not conspiracies. Also how things are not bad, just could be much better. Many examples are how mistakes are made but then found and how people are working to stoping them happening again. "With all of the trillions of dollars spent on drug development and drugs themselves, have you ever wondered why people don’t seem to feel better than they did back in the 1970s?" The book for instance would NOT agree with this statement. Seriously would you want to have 70's medicine or 2014 medicine? This is crazy. I'm not sure pi is proven to contain all sequence of digits. Anyone care to link a proof. The joke be on them and they might not really understand pi at all. Organic is a toxic anti-science religion. Do we really need an article explaining how organic is not better for you? Do people on HN really think that could be true? I'd like to think not. If you go to an organic farmer and explain that this method using chemicals has been prove better and harmless through science they won't do it because they are fundamentalists. I'm amazed by the tolerance of the organic religion by the scientific community. "Brendan Fitzpatrick is a photographer for over twenty years and for the past seven years he has been living and working in Singapore. He uses x-ray machines at a local radiology lab followed by a few rounds of image editing and color correction in Photoshop to create unique skeletal images of flowers." Are you a chef? What makes you think you can make prepackaged food at home as well as a chef? Do you have ambiance at home? Do you have other random people go so you can people watch? Do you have a wide variety of meals so all the people you invite can eat what they want? Is your house central for everyone to go to? Do you have all the machines to properly prepare the pre packaged food? Can you go home early to start the processes some of which might take hours before the meal? Do you have a good selection of beer and wine? Can you serve food with the style of a waiter (And not mind not eating while everyone else does) Edit: Admittedly I don't eat steak at restaurants now I have a sous vide machine. But it still takes work to make, and washing & cleaning that won't fit in a dishwasher. But there's obviously always still many things on a menu I nether have the knowledge or the tools to make at home, pre-packaged or not. > honestly, if you're flagging this story, you may as well turn in your human card No a real human cares about the millions of human beings who die of simple diseases all the time that for starters we could personally donate too and save a few lives. And for seconds have a positive benefit raising awareness to . This story is pure voyeurism. We'll have no affect on knowing this stuff especially knowing it first. Which I have no problem with, it is very interesting to see what will happen. I upped it and found links in this thread very interesting. But no, it's nothing about being a good moral human being. Similar situation with a nanny refusing to leave. http://time.com/2941176/nightmare-nanny-leaving/ Like any business decision you do need to risk manage it. Extremes like this are rare, which is why it's in the news but you do need to be aware of what you're investing in and the risks involved. I call BS on the reindeer on St Matthew Island story. There's evidence it was a natural disaster, which makes much more sense - http://www.weatherwise.org/Archives/Back%20Issues/2009/Nov-D... I'm sorry but I find this statement totally retarded. Firstly as if anyone is going to be able to know all the doctors names even in this particular case and I'm sure there's plenty of other epidemics out there right now that are also dangerous. Secondly there are more than doctors working on this case. Three other nurses also died as per the article. Thirdly this story is hitting all the major news channels. It's currently top of HN. People are knowing this story. Fourthly we don't live in a fantasy novel where knowing someone's name means something. Could we on HN at least talk about constructive things not emotive clap trap, we see this ever single day anyway from sites like upworthy. I've also heard of Mother Teresa Feel free to youtube Christopher Hitchen's round up of her. How on earth does it follow it's not news worthy? I can not even comprehend that logic? I know I upped the story. But perhaps the fact 3 nurses died before this and it didn't rate as high as this important news (Or OP's comments) you should at least look internally to what exactly the news is and what it means. OMG. It's not. That's my point. I feel like I'm in an crappy sitcom where everything has to be explained. Random people idolised does not equal anything. As per the best reply to what about..... squirrel. 3 dead nurses don't beat one sick doctor. HN FTW. Wonder what their names were? TL;DR; We still have human zoos. Contrary to popular belief, living in these societies would not be a fun experience. Well if you're a strong man happy to live to 50 they might be ok. To bad if you're a women. But we allow them to continue by actively prohibiting people from helping them purely for our rich persons entertainment. Misses the point hydrogen is safer, easier, could be done today with existing tech for commercial travel (Already used a lot for scientific balloons) and pretty much has the same lifting power. (Also Helium is obviously currently is used in airships commercially with no real problems on top of a theoretical vacuum ship other than perhaps cost of balloon contents, which I'd guess is not the limiting factor anyway) I think the point is, it's made up. A photo shoot. But none the less the bare chested bit is he's out in the wilderness (Perhaps even cold being Russia) not even needing a shirt for many hours at a time tracking a bear. I see that as being a pretty tough image for a 61 year old. I think 3D printed food might be the first step to the new age. Driver-less cars could be it. But the food industry employees millions as well. Food that's consistent, cheaper and better(impossible) than what a human can create won't be a small thing, plus it's easier than cars to integrate in current society. > Do ships like this lose containers in rough seas? No. Losing customers containers is bad for business I would find it unlikely you'd just factor loses like that in. I't take an accident/mistake or rare natural event to knock them out. Even if you wanted to allow containers to 'fall off' as a business expense I'd see the maritime union causing issues increasing this expense since I'd imagine it creates an unsafe work environment. A programmer who bothers to put in an Easter egg to me has pride in what they are creating and also gives them more ownership. So I see it as both an indicator of good work and a positive thing. Yes, other's believe that Easter eggs are bad I assume you're referring to the famous http://blogs.msdn.com/b/larryosterman/archive/2005/10/21/483... It has good points but I believe it to be wrong in conclusion, there's lots of real issues to care about before this one. Exciting stuff. It's the kind of thing ultra smart, automated meta data collectors would be looking at and predicting futures. Will we see this sort of change across all industries and how will it effect global markets. I think people really underestimate the complete networks the internet makes possible and how it will change global business. How long before one month is too long. I use to think it was funny messing with people from poor countries who participated in activities that wasted our time for little $ benefit to themselves but not so much any more. Humiliating other humans beings for enjoyment isn't a great trait to encourage. These sites are also, whether that say they 'aren't' or not, are racist on some level. I'm sure there are some real a@#holes participating and running these scams but often the people on the ground are just human beings who have no other way to earn money. I love the meta. It's pretty obvious as time goes on, unfortunately it's not better. For some who didn't maximise their earlier it looks like they did, but no, they didn't get better. But it's great art to think it does. So perhaps it's true after all. It's a nice artistic article. > But the fourth dimension is timespace, is it not? No. Only in science fiction novels. It'd need to be measured in meters to make sense as a real 4th dimension. I find comments like this funny. If this is the case why not go out and make those millions? True, you do just say anyone can make something better, so perhaps it's a labour cost but then your comment doesn't make sense since the vendor is not overpaid. The reality is these systems are huge, often not re-usable between institutions and you are vastly under estimating their complexity. These students are usually just improving a very small part of very large system. Which is cool, API everything and let students make better parts of systems where it counts. That would be my lesson. Other than awesome science, people like to collect stuff. Same as the obsession on saving the entire Internet or even personal photos. We have more information per year being saved than can ever be used yet people still want more. But it is mainly about science for many. If we are losing animals forever, which goes against our like to collect, it also means science is failing. And obviously dinosaurs are way cool, but I assume you mean animals that have kinda already around that we won't miss in the scheme of things. As far as I'm concerned, this thread should be about the fact the government and health care professionals are lying to us about the facts because they think they know best. Whether the advice is best for society or not doesn't matter, they are lying to you. This concerns me a lot. This it mostly OT, which is the point. The author is talking about health benefits. My exposure to violent crime and drink driving (That I aren't already exposed too) is easy to manage if I was to start drinking. Well it's fair to say that experiment shows causation but no I don't think you can say the correlation shows it works. I think it goes against the definition of the word..... I found the article too dense to get as well, but I do think 'perhaps' we could use correlation more to assume causation. I think we are too cautious and certainly the haters always bring in correlation to stop science articles they think don't follow their beliefs. Not sure if that's compatible with the OP or not, it hurt my head. No, R will stay the same. Or decrease as the population becomes more exposed. I find it interesting that people worry about Ebola going airborne but not something like AIDS. I guess there's a biological reason.... Pet peeves, falling for anti-cigarette propaganda. In moderation with a healthy diet they are as fine as Twinkies and 32oz Mountain Dew. Like Mountain Dew they are abused so perhaps abstinence is best, depends on personal will power. Yes, I was disappointed. The title implies genetics rather than environment. Which is an interesting question. The fact people can learn fear is not very interesting. I feel snakes for instance are a genetic fear. Large animals fear them, which makes no sense unless they are personally bitten and learn. Although perhaps enough in a herd get bitten to teach the others. Peak oil will never happen. If we have to we can convert coal to oil, which we wont since other oils aka all the other fossil fuels are pretty plentiful given current tech. I can't see energy costs going up by a factor of 10 changing my lifestyle much for $ reasons, so harvesting natural gas, oil, coal will be always viable. Even if that 10 times increase is only for a while my net worth's will be so high through technological innovations another 10 fold increase won't matter to me either by that time. Part of those technological innovations will be cheap energy though so it won't really mater, oil aka fossil fuels won't run out, they will just become redundant. I believe they fully except modern medicine for instance? I though they believed many technologies disrupted happiness, because it took away from peoples interactions with each other. Or something like that. Which quite frankly is a totally plausible theory. Other than medicine/health technology I don't think there's a lot of proof other tech makes us happier directly. (Obviously someone needs to use a computer to make drugs, grow enough food, but it doesn't have to be them) This experiment seems to prove the exact opposite to what they are saying. Obviously many/most? animals have evolved group behaviours that benefit their species over other species which in turn benefits themselves. Often these behaviours are not directly related to propagating their own genes ie protecting someone else's kid or having enough poison in you to scare something that kills you into not eating others like you. How are these spiders different? The 'group' that was suited to the environment failed. This to me proves that groups don't evolve. If it was the group that evolved and not the individual then the group suited to the environment would have survived. Instead it reverted back to combined individual behaviour. The individuals had evolved to their environment and had genetic behaviour that allowed them in their natural environment to work as a team for the success of all members as per usual. Put them into another environment and they fail because their personal evolution was not perfected for that environment. Obvious game killing issues - Any game that would be fun to play would be too dangerous to sell. I can't see it narratively being more immersive than a simple computer screen/tv. To much disjoint from things in the room/3D open space would stop that hypnotic state people get when concentrating on a screen. Applications outside games might be interesting. Commercial venues for interactive stories perhaps. Milgram, Zimbardo, Freud, Mythical Man-Month, Peopleware, The Capilano Suspension Bridge, Elevator.... All crap. Amazing at the time, changed the way we think, and contributed amazing stuff. But all are 'just so' (Hipsters: Gladwellian) stories. They break from convention and make us think but critically flawed. Without them we may never have passed to the next level, but they are wrong. Was the link in the OP article a joke article? It doesn't seem to have a punch line.... Blood Industry Shrinks as Transfusions Decline - http://www.nytimes.com/2014/08/23/business/blood-industry-hu... > It's a tad depressing that some scientists are telling him he's doing it wrong They should lie to him because he's just a child? I find it hard to believe Iggy Pop has not made enough money to live off, plus some. I would believe he made large amounts in his heyday, blew it all and now is 'poor'. But citation needed I guess. He does have a beach house in the Cayman Islands... http://metro.co.uk/2014/03/21/just-so-you-know-iggy-pop-says... > Also, this floating to the top of HN is a bit of a mystery to me. Then you should take the time to think about why. Either you are not understanding the issue or not understanding the current view by most people on the issue. Either way you're not at industry standard. A really bad argument. I thought all chemical weapons are out, just like all nukes are out. Yes there exist nukes less destructive than conventional weapons but it's probably best to just have a blanket ban. > "An infant exposed to CS in a house into which police had fired CS canisters to subdue a mentally disturbed adult developed severe pneumonitis requiring therapy with steroids, oxygen, antibiotics, and 29 days of hospitalization." Baby got sick while being saved? from a mentally disturbed adult because they didn't put a bullet in the adults head as a matter of course. Not a great argument either. And if you dump enough tear gas in a truck full of adults you can asphyxiate them...... FYI in cased you missed it - This is a story about the world of telemarketing, not startups. "AITCHANDAR ROAD, Ryde - previously Folly Road. The initials of Higginbotham and Robinson, a local publishing Company. Believing its maps were being pirated by an opposition publisher, and in order to prove this, they gave the then unnamed street a false name based on their initials, ie H-AND-R. They were proved correct when opposition maps were published showing "Aitchandar Road"." Funny how reality becomes what people make it to be https://www.google.com.au/maps/place/Aitchandar+Rd,+Ryde+NSW... My understanding is they don't want more idiots editing, it's a 'feature' that it's tricky to edit. I also considered the decline is that it's kinda 'complete' it's not like the old days where it was easy to contribute something important and meaningful. > doing this stunt in what looks like a suburban park strikes me as shockingly irresponsible. Except you have no reason to think it was in a 'suburban park' other than for the reason you get to judge someone you don't know. The footage clearly looks like a huge open field with no other people visible or vehicles or roofs around. This is pretty much a high art theft. Sure, people taking advantage of openness of displays of high art aren't cool, as perhaps some sort of oceans eleven, steal from a rich person who keeps it locked up kinda Hollywood way. But the only way to save species now, is stopping more habitat destruction. I do like high art, it does look pretty and while it's not commercially available the conservatory does hold a unique exhibit which makes life interesting. But don't confuse it with saving the world. From what I can see, what you talk about here is more the wishy washy magic the PR companies use to fool the masses. How does Sprout do great OCR or facilitate joint collaborations? These are both problems that need solving but have nothing to do with Sprout. PR often has things like this ‘solved’ for their mockups which people then falsely associate with the product. See the mass delusion many people have with the Minority Report interface. Why not just edit the email/document using a keyboard, you can even do it in a google doc so the other person can live collaborate, but as we know live collaboration is fine in movies but in real life is very very hard to do. Humans are just not build for it. This isn’t about applications or Sprout, it’s about solving very hard problems. I can, not saying you can’t, but technology using a pen interfacing with a computer is decades ok and mature but is still not commonly used hence I don’t think it’s a useful tool in general. I guess what I was saying, invent OCR that good you’ll sell it to someone like IBM for a billion dollars. Actually find a workflow that allows live collaboration to be more efficient than working individually might be hard to capitalise but would be revolutionary and change the world. I’ve never seen Pair programming in XP really work, for instance. It’s certainly not common practice for most workers. Each solution would be amazing for plant earth, Sprout doesn’t help solve either. By Nate Silver's FiveThirtyEight a short doco http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-man-vs-the-machine-f... (17mins) "Move Fast and Break Shit." The tech industry seems to earn a lot of money, employ a lot of people and have us on an unparalleled rate of change. Their current theory is, 1 in 100 things pan out and when they do they make up for all the fails. This article doesn't really provide evidence this high risk approach is not worth it. Who knows, perhaps other applications might pop out of the technology. Perhaps it's a more obvious 99% in the fail basket. But being overly cautious can also cripple you. But a good write up on why the tech sucks. I have seen 0 evidence of any mass compromise. In fact I've seen 0 evidence of even one site being compromised. Any links with substance? Interesting but disturbing article on crowd quakes - http://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.5856v1.pdf It interesting some people think a vacuum means a lot of pressure but really it's the same as 10 meters under water at sea level pressure. Too many 'Just So' stories. The fact no one missed a dead person for two days is meaningless. In a good business, with good employees, you should be able to do 2 days work straight uninterrupted. Lol Take something everyone thinks and talks about (Like all childish thought games) put a crappy explanation on it and people buy in. > The ruling class has figured out that a happy and productive population with free time on their hands is a mortal danger Seriously... and man didn't land on the moon. Conspiracy's happen, but it's about broken processes and complicated feedback. This is a interesting topic, it's a real shame people are fooled so easily by essays like this. For those who don't get it see - http://content.time.com/time/specials/packages/article/0,288... Not wired but - http://cocaine.org/cokecrime/ It totally blows my mind people still fall for this bullshit split sleep meme made up by an historian. So we take medical advice from historians now? I do know in the world of science that shift workers get a lot of cancer. Which is not split sleep exactly but close enough for me to not be forcing myself against nature to split sleep. Some creative people work all hours and some bodies are weird but don't buy into this is 'common and natural thing' meme. Shift work is not necessarily about differing sleep cycles there evidence it's about working at night and lighting. But other than that I don't disagree. My beef is about broken sleep existing. 1.5 billion people currently live without electricity and so did their parents and their parents parents. But broken sleeps evidence is a historian basically cold reading 200 year old fiction books. And even people like gwern are not saying, this is BS where is the evidence broken sleep is a thing? It might be great for creativity, so is LSD, go for it, I definitely want a more creative world. I'm just saying know where you stand and quit on the BS that everyone used to do it, unless you have real proof. http://xkcd.com/576/ I think was first. > Whether that proof was correct is definitely up for debate. No, no it's not. You're not really understanding mathematics, which is fair enough, but also the fundamentals of science and human nature with a statement like that. > This is not about a TLD, it is about the abhorrent treatment of a small nation at the hands of a large one. That's nice then re write the story without the link bait title designed to sucker HN users in. It's a good story in it's own right but obviously people other than yourself don't appreciate being lied to and fooled. Correct. A big, scary part of HN is just pain crazy/not high in IQ. Really not sure how to block that out. They are now taking medical advice from a quote of a quote from Glenn Beck from his doctor. WTF (What the Fuck) does “TIME COLLAPSE” in science (AKA not magic) even mean? [Edit] But this line at least was very funny > Beck said doctors told him it was normal for someone processing as much information as he was, and the phenomenon has been discussed by figures like Winston Churchill. Doctors are also historians! > that the economics of connecting and servicing single cabinets randomly located all over the landscape I kinda thought the same. But assuming it can be properly encrypted (hard) what's the difference to swapping in a new server compared to swapping in a new gas bottle? User pays for the initial infrastructure. Pull the old one out, pop the new one in, 60 seconds, any blue collar worker can do it, if it's setup properly. It would even be automatically checked remotely it was done 100% correctly. Once every 3 years? Probably cost $50 a pop? Not necessarily crazy. Heat pump heating is loud too, but people make it work. It doesn't have to be inside. > Is Faster-Than-Light Travel or Communication Possible? No. Pretty simple stuff. No, it is not. No matter how many sci fi movies tell you other wise. It is not. Every experiment that comes out saying different is either lying/incompetent or the news reporting on it is lying/incompetent. Just because you want it to be true does not make it either true or possible. > Please throw away your helmet and get a new one; they are only rated to be in one accident. Other than Reddit style white knighting why did you say this? You are basically defaulting to the OP is to stupid to know helmets are one use only, which is common knowledge. > I don't think the target audience is likely to be aware of that tidbit either. Personally I'm a firm believe people who assume others are stupid without proof are the real stupid ones. It was white knight style, lets get karma and pretend OP is to dumb to look after themselves, I'll be the hero and give them condensing advice. No mention of helmet reuse was in the original post at all. The notion of black swan events is rubbish. The theory makes no sense. Even if it was a logical theory that had coherence not sure how it fits here. We know countries unify. We know what happens. You can be sure North and South will one day unify. Yes the only question is when. Prepare to early = big loss. Prepare to late = a loss. It's just about creating a sensible plan on how to deal with something we don't have a timeline on. When will a building have a fire? Who knows, just make a sensible plan for pre and post when it happens. You don't need to call it a black swan. It's just risk management. One assumes the big players are seeing through the gimmicky whales and seahorses and can see a wider more functional future. Pretty things cost huge amounts of money to create. Making them 3d and interact with your environment just adds to the cost. Europe has already looked at industrial freezers as batteries. Take them to -40 when electricity is cheap let them get to -20 during peak. http://spectrum.ieee.org/energy/the-smarter-grid/swiss-wareh... Good to see these's still a sucker born every minute. Intelligent people on HN are pointing out huge holes with this idea but some people are still defending their Nigerian princes, because... they want it to be true? The warning signs here are huge. It's an incredibly simple idea, if it was possible it'd be already done. Nothing here really seems to rely on scale either. I think you need to re-read the point. Anyone can tell if a really really shoddy building is NOT structurally sound. What is hard to tell is if a building IS structurally sound. That is why engineers exist. Not for the previous. This is simply not true. For starters if you think $1000 is an appropriate amount to invest you need to either spend less on junk or continue spending your money on self improvement (Assuming money is a life goal). Brokerage fees are often per transaction so bigger, long term investments means less % costs = more % profit. Of course if you’re testing the waters $1000 is fully appropriate, hobbies cost money so if it’s fun, fair enough. But skipping brokerage fees, S&P 500 is considered probably the best and the same for all. If there was a magical return much greater than S&P 500 that only billions could get then someone would just collate a billion from various sources and take a small cut. Costs are in paper work and handling fees which shouldn’t be different whether it’s $10,000 or $1,000,000. It’ll be a bigger % for small amounts, but as long as you invest reasonably big chunks and not keep moving it around it’s negligible difference. Those are quite good articles. Original title -> Google Bug? – The King of the United States of America (google.com) Not a bug. First, everyone searching for this is getting what they want, a haha moment. Second, useful systems have errors. They don't waste huge resources to fix small boundary issues. This is why almost no one uses ada, and those who do possible would benefit from slacking off. And yes, I do include medical, military and space. Yes, but given the huge demand for energy everywhere there is absolutely no point wasting so much energy converting it except in locations where/when transporting a energy-dense medium to is difficult but highly valuable. IE The middle of the ocean during a war. "Thirty years of research on race differences in cognitive ability" http://psychology.uwo.ca/faculty/rushtonpdfs/PPPL1.pdf It made me realise how political science can be and how facts on large issues can be covered up for political reasons. The paper is not perfect, but it let me question the reality of the world around me and how much was real and how much was constructed. I find papers that challenge my ideas more enlightening than ones that reinforce them. Which obviously makes sense I guess. The paper I linked I considered reputable enough, in a topic known to be difficult, to be of note. Every paper has issues, the trick is working out if the issues kill the paper or not. I don't think so. I'd guess the singularity is decades away not centuries. Genetic engineering babies for higher intelligence is already here. But I'd guess it'll become more effective and common place in decades. The intelligent tend to clump and interbreed. They breed less, so % might go down but numbers are probably relatively stable. Add to this many counties like the billions in China currently don't have this problem atm. When they get their education system / poverty sorted they'll add huge numbers to last us out the centuries. Plus I also think communal intelligence should not be under rated. Even if g drops, systems of group collaboration might keep the issue at bay.