I think that if I wanted to help out a developer, I'd rather cut out as much middleman and pay directly or through kickstarter. If there were a middleman, I would especially rather it have the character of an entity like kickstarter, as opposed to an entity that tries to get a piece of your attention so they can sell it to a group of bidders. The problem with Chinese characters is that they are idiosyncratic. For example, I orally tell you "mao mi": how do you write it? If you've never seen it before, your chances of figuring this out is very sad. You claim that 90% of Chinese writing are phonographs. Perhaps this is true to the most technical sense, but to most students this is useless. Try taking that 90% claim into a Chinese language test at university. The teacher will laugh at you as you arrogantly think you can decipher the phonetics of characters just because you know the "radicals". There is absolutely no reliable system for translating radicals to character phonetics, because it's all just so messy and hit and miss. Of course, every language has bonkers exceptions. But Chinese is actually quite bad. For example, if I tell you "mao mi", and you had never seen the characters before, you have about no chance to figure it out. Conversely, if I show you the characters, but you've never seen them before, you have absolutely no clue what character it is. Sure, there are radicals. Don't count on them to tell you anything remotely useful. Sure, some characters do tell a proper story with their radicals, but it's laughable to count on them to tell you anything. I'd say that the higher $ man who lives in the city in a compact space with a compact car is more well off than the man living in an inland state with lots of acres and a hunting cabin. Why? Because the man in the city can purchase that anytime he wants. Just like you can go take your money to China right now and teach English as a side thing. So that subjective value can still be wrapped around an objectively lookable thing; it's just that the city man is not indulging in that lifestyle yet -- or perhaps he wishes to take that wealth elsewhere. You are not doomed if you have the wrong genes, but from what little I know it does seem like an environmental stress explanation is rather appealing for addressing why mean schizophrenic onset occurs later for those in highly structured environments, such as the armed forces. Hey there, do you have any place to direct me to look for mediators or malleable predictors of life outcomes for young men with schizophrenia? I've heard from a HN commentator that Neovim has given up on its principle goal of refactoring, and that progress has largely been due to uncrustify. Can anyone else speak to the health of the project? Are you guys ever thinking of a Linux version :( You have completely ignored the author's central point: that the movement toward privacy also makes you criminally suspect. Industrial / Org psychology is a rather new sub discipline. It's still hard to beat a metric like general mental ability in predicting job performance across a variety of jobs. I have difficulty digesting the concept of qualia as well. In my view, qualia refers to a phenomenon, but tries to deny that it is a phenomenon by arguing that it is something independent from the physics of perception. I believe that if anyone ever tried to devise a machine to represent the boundary between physics and qualia, such as an artificial intelligence or brain, the hardware of that AI would provide a means to decoding subjective experience into objective terms. Qualia would cease to be a useful term, and we would instead rely on a more objective look of individual perception, all while losing no advantages for abandoning "qualia" to the word graveyard. This might be a retarded question, but a simulation of a thing must always run more expensively / slower than the reality of the thing, right? And couldn't they build an organic material AI with inorganic interfaces for external manipulation? Github isn't the only choice, but I think it's the preferred choice for a code sharing community because they basically give their product for free for open-source projects on public repositories. And it's easy and good looking. Bitbucket distinguishes itself from Github by making itself free for small teams only, but allowing you free private repositories. Seems like they are more interested in businesses and proprietary code. I'm afraid I don't actually know any numbers on Linux users' willingness to buy software, but I am aware of the reputation that Linux users generally prefer their ecosystem of free apps. However, I bet that many Linux users are also Windows or OSX users, and if a password manager is to be effective, it has to be omnipresent. That's why I have begrudgingly paid for LastPass, while my dual Windows / OSX license for 1Password 4 has sat unused. I tried for awhile, but I couldn't stand the gap in coverage. So I narrowed it down to RoboForm and LastPass, and I chose the latter because it seemed more popular and I hoped that to predict company longevity. Because as nice as lifetime licenses are, once software is no longer supported, esp. for things like intelligent form-filling, chances are you won't want to use your software anymore. It's not immediately apparent from the front accessible parts of Bitbucket's website, but if you refer users with a provided link you also get up to 3 extra free users. In your description, mathematics is the pure study of theoretical computing machines. However, I think that the act behind mathematics is what people are interested in -- general or capricious analogy-making ability. That's what we want to develop in young people. We want the thing or process that operates the math, including novel operations for novel situations, and I believe that analogy-making is that thing. And this is may be why people have an emotional resistance to arithmetics in school. Because arithmetics is an instance of math, but what people are practicing is a particular instance of operation, rather than the skill of operation. I'd say that Chinese is honestly a harder language because it is filled with too much idiosyncrasy. I think most Chinese people cannot decipher the meaning or pronunciation of new Chinese words they've never seen before. And if they've forgotten how to write a character, then they are doomed without outside reference. I can use a word in English I've only seen or heard once in a novel event, and have a hope of using it passably. Even looking things up in the dictionary is hard... for Chinese people. I've seen Chinese parents pride themselves on how skillfully their children use the dictionary. That's because it's hard and worthy of pride; the radical system is so random and unnecessary from an outside view. Chinese is worthy of the reputation that perl has had, and for the exact same reasons: it's capriciously idiosyncratic and ruthless to non-native speakers. I'd also note that non-native language acquisition has been looked at by the US military, and I'm sure across the world, and I doubt that all languages are rated equally. I'm quite sure that Arabic and Chinese rate as very hard languages. Actually I do must question what progress philosophy has made. Is there a bedrock of philosophical knowledge upon which we can rely and do interesting things? Try attacking the problem head on. Science most definitely does not stand on the theory of philosophy (if so, which theory does all of science depend upon?), and neither would it have disappeared from across cultures simply because the west forgot to introduce science itself to the rest of the world. The fact that science arose independently across cultures tells us that it does not rest on any rigorous philosophical theory. But who gets to space flight without some theory of gravity and motion? It's because space flight does depend on a tall body of theory. Science is simply a community and inter-generational task of causal modeling via evidence. It cannot be denied simply because the west forgot to tell the rest of the world of philosophy. Science was invented by no philosophical theory. Humongous western development may have been spurred by the worldview of western philosophers, but science does not need such roots. This is not the same as Newton laying down the groundwork for a physics. Now that is a pillar of theory that a community builds around. That's no sarcasm by the way, but rather it is awe and respect for a theory that can act as a pillar or bedrock of continual community growth and stable theoretical illumination for hundreds of years. Have philosophers finally built any pillar by which they may create tall structures? Or is everything they make made of sand, and thus their buildings are only waist high after thousands of years across cultures? At most, science only needs 1% of philosophy in order to have some self-perspective. But let's not go too deep in, because we know that pillars of sand cannot build any cross-cultural theory beyond waist-high structures. Perhaps it shocks your moral sensibility to generalize across humans, but it is perfectly legitimate for anyone who is seeking the truth to do these things. For them, the primary question must be "to what degree is a generalization meaningful?". When we say things like, "The African American population in the US is materially disadvantaged.", that statement does generalize across many individuals. But it's also potentially very useful or actionable. Also, anyone who says they judge people as individuals is probably bullshitting to the max. It sounds cognitively overburdening and wasteful. What examples do you have (Go?), and do you have any charts that you drew insight from to say that? Of course, I have already been Googling the issue, but we aren't necessarily looking at the same sources. So where are you getting your information that Python is losing to the "it" languages? That argument sounds rather dark, as the same thing which illuminates the criminals -- guess what -- also illuminates the people. And journalists, lawyers, and associations that digest information for the people. So now the overwhelming majority of the world goes dark on the law because a minority of uniquely dangerous criminals are lawyer-like Westboro Baptists with bombs. If terrorists wish to confine their behaviors to the technicalities of western law because they would rather get arrested than shot, that is actually a highly desirable outcome. We should seek to capture all criminals alive and decently, and gather what data they have to attack other networked crime. Seriously, law-conscious Westboro Baptist terrorists would be a positive development. This is no different from a criminal learning about the circumstances in which a cop might shoot them, and thus opting to drop their gun in certain situations. The criminal is being more legally conscious as part of their strategy. While wrongdoers who play legal strategy can be a frustrating nuisance, but the alternative is secret legal memos, which I find more frightening. It doesn't make sense to me to say that torture is ineffective simply because subjects have incentive in the face of torture to say or believe anything. For example, it doesn't matter if a person keeps on outputting contradictory claims of reality. What matters is if this person can produce evidence of novel knowledge. And of course even if someone delivered information in a non-tortuous interrogation, any government would fact-check. I also don't believe it's very easy to confuse someone's existing memories. I don't think I can simply torture somebody, with professionals and equipment at my disposal, and cause discrete changes in beliefs ("My real name is Reek!"). These world governments no doubt have data on varying techniques of torture, and I have no doubt there has been a very long race, begun awhile ago, to map out the theory of torture, and I think it is a bit preliminary to say that torture doesn't work until we get a hold of some systematically collected data. What I had in mind when I was thinking of novel data, would be someone who can authenticate the value of their potentially false claims by stating something that nobody else could know. Like the serial killer who states special information. An alternative situation could be those who are looking for cryptography keys. I still believe that the presence of novel data could help a torturous interrogator sieve desperate lies from actionable data. Confirmation of novel data that nobody else could've known authenticates the value of your knowledge. Government may have been reckless before by acting before confirming, but if they just include a confirmation step, then they could have a means of differentiating actionable data from junk. After looking over the site, and doing some Wikipedia searching, it does appear that there are ways to reliably damage or confuse memory, even in innocuous settings. Such as ads meant to manipulate memory. The last point is the one I wanted to make, because I felt that arguments about the efficacy of torture is similar to arguments about the financial costs of the death penalty -- it's a highly ephemeral and gambling argument that hinges on the state of science or technology. So I was wondering what happens to the discussion on ethics once we begin to accept the efficacy of torture? It would only be a partial explanation, though, since the mother's career by itself doesn't appear to have the same relationship. There are a great deal of dangerous things that we don't stop citizens from doing, and some of those things seem entirely unproductive (or counterproductive -- a biological hazard), such as extreme sports. We need a culture that stops people from doing dangerous drugs through cultural techniques, not through police and courts, and that's what the government did with cigarettes. The government realized that criminalizing cigarettes was probably outside of its power, and instead it waged a campaign against the culture of smoking. It painted cigarette smoking as biologically dirty and smokers as inconsiderate or reckless. I think that cigarette use is no longer popular not because the police have been jailing cigarette smokers, but because it has become a mildly dirty activity. If you use the law to prohibit things, then people won't develop the oral or cultural methods to tell their kids to avoid certain dangers. I think "gay" is offensive only because it refers to a widely recognized social reality that is still being fought out, the reality that gay people are socially inferior, and that gay bashing is a social art for men. Take away that reality and "that's gay" becomes an idiom lost in time. Very frustrated. Should have another repo in Github or a personal server it seems. I generally have the suspicion that "boots" and the like offer only micro-optimizations. Buying a $100-150 bag advertised for durability versus a $30-40 generic brand backpack. Or buying a MacBook Pro versus a midrange laptop with Windows. While there may be optimizations to be found in these situations, I also wonder about the cognitive cost per optimization, and I wonder if it might not be better to put the most of your mind on a job or geography transition. From what I've gathered before from some reading on adolescent bullying: Bullies (not bully-victims): * A transient, difficult-to-predict population, and perhaps more elegantly thought of as a social position than an individual propensity. * Bullies generally don't stay bullies, and it's difficult to know who will become a bully. * Bullying is also an audience-related activity, and is often performed in front of others -- the "bystander" population is in on it, and may provide substantial social rewards to bullies. Even victims may admire bullies. * Bullies experience improvement in social popularity. * Bullying events tend to involve a group of bullies against singular or fewer victims. * The stereotypes that bullies are sociopaths / psychopaths, come from abusive home situations, are anxious or insecure, do not persuasively conform to observations. * Bullies experience protective effects against loneliness, social anxiety, stress, and some other things. They do better than the normal population on these aspects. Victims: * Are a stable population, and may perhaps be more elegantly thought of as an individual propensity, rather than a social position where people move in and out of. * One study estimates that the victim population constitutes about 10% of the school population. * A small handful of studies with admitted methodological difficulties finds that those who are bullied at school are also significantly more likely to be bullied on online social networks. The conclusion would essentially say that some social structures are more explanatory of behavior than individual psychology. Given how much importance people place on personal idiosyncrasy or psychology, I'd say this is pretty cool if better confirmed. Fully committing to this UX analogy would mean for the doctor to pretend that his medicine comes from a religious framework, simply because it's more user-friendly. Yes but you are different. A lot of children, even with proper guidance, don't want to learn. Often times, even hard-working, smart people will phrase their learning pursuits entirely as a means toward financial, sexual, or social success. And outside of school, there is little or no independent learning. If there isn't a test and a deadline, they'd rather be doing something else. I don't think this is a statement that applies to simply children. I think it applies to almost everyone from every culture. I think the problem is only perpetuated by inherited advantages or laziness. But there's also the problem that no matter how fast or smart people become, it's possible that there may only be a few elite positions for every race. From what I've roughly read, all behavioral interventions (such as n-back training) on working memory and its correlates or antecedents are basically disappointments, whether the effect size is too boring or the effects are not generalizable. I would love to use 1Password if only they supported Linux. I thought of them as paid KeePass. Unfortunately, LastPass beat them to it, and so I choose the convenience of omnipresence of my passwords over the security of keeping everything local. I cannot have my password not follow me somewhere, especially if these password programs suggest complicated passwords to me. Here's some few complications I would add to Kevin Simler concept of face and politeness. The author talks a little bit about Aspies, and he also talks about a metaphor of squares and triangle faces. He implies the possibility of clans, but doesn't go further. I think Kevin thinks that Aspies are an edge case because he relegates this part to the end of his article with relatively less content than the surrounding sections. I would think that while people diagnosed with autism may be proportionally rarer, the clanish strategy, which they represent, is very common. I would add that I think religious and political folk are a part of this clan strategy, and that callous (not prepared with expected mitigating introductions or hedge words) contradiction of their political or religious viewpoints could be thought of as a threat to their personhood. The interesting part here is that they are not as interested in the opinions of those outside to their clan. Also, they maintain at least two personhoods, one being the interface for their clan, which they value the most, the other being the interface for either a generalized or specific external group. A person can carry many faces depending on the degree of logistical separation between the groups they belong to. Since face is related to clan or group, some drugs elevate standing based on group culture, and the unwillingness to intake some drugs like alcohol could be interpreted as a failure to conform to group expectations. I'd say Google Drive, because the web app is so complete and nice that for simple purposes, you wouldn't mind not installing the desktop client, especially since you edit the files on the web anyway. So off-site storage + collaborative editing = Google Drive. Dropbox, on the other hand, is mostly a file syncing service; they may have some photo features on their web app, but that's it outside of file syncing. It's a hard step in logic to go from criminals getting off due to insufficient evidence from encrypted iPhones, to the wrong person being convicted . I think the issue is that even if we have some kind of magical wand to wave away all unmeritous structural conditions in society, wave away all life accidents and lotteries, we would still be left in a world of skewed wealth and opportunity due to natural biological variation and its accumulative effect in an economy with memory. Any empathy based primarily on an understanding of structural constraints and injustice will fall short in soothing the natural and irrevocable cruelty of meritocracy. We have left a difficult question unanswered: do stronger or more productive humans warrant a bigger piece of the world pie? But unless emotional abilities and cognitive abilities are negatively correlated, it's not as though selecting for cognitive abilities would make you any more or less likely to have a coworker that demands extra emotional work. It just means you won't be extra-lucky in finding coworkers of high emotional ability. Personally, I think that focusing on work performance is a refreshing wind against so much folk wisdom hiring. I'm also not at all surprised that someone was unable to unseat intelligence as a predictor of work performance. That predictor has been solidly established as powerful across a general array of work (better than past relevant work experience!), and scientists are ever on the hunt for a better employment sieve. I think there is actually a mountain of research in this area, and I believe that the general community of industrial / organizational scientists in this area have accepted that general mental ability is a really hard predictor (of work performance) to beat, and that it's a robust and powerful predictor across a variety of job categories. The author of the post actually listed one or two citations, but if you wanted the general opinion of the field, I think you should look for a review article. I am not at all surprised that some CEO's offhanded suggestion / bet failed to unseat general mental ability as one of the most reliable and effective predictors of work performance. That doesn't mean that you should have a single-metric employment criterion. You could always select for both emotional and cognitive ability, you just have to judge whether it's worth sieving for that versus something else. I love NearlyFreeSpeech and they were my first and current web host, although now I primarily use others. They are so incredibly cheap for those who want to host a simple site, and they come with a slew of interesting options like interesting pricing schemes. I hope they never go out of business. See how you might like this definition: intelligence, including artificial intelligence (which just means intelligence resting on non-organic materials), means general and arbitrary analogical ability. I think this definition fits what people mean when they say "general mental ability", which I think is what people mean to measure when they use IQ. I think this is a really good definition of intelligence for communicating what we want to talk about here. And personally I think it's fine to accept a useful definition, even if it is not perfect, and even if its proliferation means some people get unjustly damaged, insofar that the pragmatism of the construct is adequately useful. From there, you have a community tool that can undergo refinement or challenge. It seems very plausible that we could raise whatever people are trying to invoke when people say words like "intelligence", IQ, g, or arbitrary analogical ability. I'm surprised you are extremely skeptical that we could desirably raise intelligence. Even a noisy and brutish eugenic pressure in the environment would push a population towards a direction, and I'm convinced that this will happen with or without explicit policy. I think that to many people, the phenomena behind IQ is a suspected general mental ability. It may also be fitting to describe this as a general or arbitrary analogical or mapping ability. I think this definition also captures what people think of when they say "artificial", or non-organic intelligence. When you say that IQ is just "a specific subset of symbolic puzzles", I believe you are criticizing IQ as ungeneralizable, or as having external validity issues. I think the reason why IQ has remained as a widespread construct is because it is actually so useful in predicting performance across an array of situations, such as general job performance, of which IQ or g is often a top-tier or unmatched predictor, better than years of relevant work experience. And whenever someone accuses IQ of being inadequate, and they come out with their More Complete test, it turns out that their measurements and predictions are insufficiently distinctive from IQ, which even further supports the idea of a "general" mental ability. I think the general suspicion is that if you go out and develop a multidimensional test, it is quite reasonable to suspect that your test will end up similar to IQ in performance. Also, I don't think I'm trading one word for another. IQ is a measurement construct that corresponds with a test. General mental ability is thought to be the factor behind performance on an IQ test. But I think you also wanted a more specific definition to general mental ability, to which I offered "general and arbitrary analogical ability". Speaking speculatively and tangentially, I think such an ability would allow a computer to make causal inferences or write its own drivers for a novel sensory apparatus. I think there may be a realistic perception of the difficulty of academic competition, as well as the number of open positions and the compensation. And there are definitely a lot of smart and hard working people there. It's one thing to ask, "How smart do you have to be to do useful science?", and it's quite another to ask, "Do you think you can make it in the field of competition?" I would argue that computers are extremely productive, but that they are also multi-functional, and that it would be very sad to remove all the other interesting functionality from a computer until you had the ultimate focus machine. I do resonate with the idea that some people have a bad interaction with current computers. Just like some people may have biologies that will interact badly, despite a general array of interventions or strategies , in the face of easily accessible drugs like alcohol and cigarettes. But it would be a shame to remove bars and liquor just because some people cannot control themselves. Some humans will always be led off the summit due to their unseated spirits, but let us not flatten mountains for their sake. Hopefully there will be an elegant software solution that satisfies everyone ("Google / Siri, focus mode on!"; "Okay, I have suspended distractions until I see evidence that your job is done."), but until then, computers are designed as an open invitation to another world, but maybe you only wanted spreadsheets. I don't think the problem is OS design. Across his armful of assorted arguments, the poster made an argument that tiling managers suck, as well as some other things. That aside, I don't think it's the OS that is the problem, but rather that the computer is a gateway to many possibilities. Your OS, and the apps on your computer, can be designed with focus and cognitive ease in mind, but it does not change the fact that a few actions away is a Stargate to another world. So, aside from a few grab-bag complaints (though legitimate) about operating systems, programmers and designers have little more to do. Apps are only going to get better designed, and minimalism and cleanliness have come to characterize modern app design. I don't think the user would take kindly to obstructions to their browsing / app experience... "Why does it take an extra unnecessary step to launch an app!? You're telling me this is for my own psychological good?!" I suppose this goes to classical arguments about the role of government in banning drugs or mandating seat belts. The state doesn't think you are responsible enough, so they create an external structure (fines / criminal penalty) to make you do good for yourself. Others would say that a sad restriction has been placed upon them because the rest of the population cannot regulate themselves to the satisfaction of the state. It can also be argued that now people rely on external pressure or structure to behave well rather than setting up their own internal structure. I think what frustrates me most is not the RAM, but the hard drive. I feel that the future will be kind to 4-8 GB of RAM, and I guess I'm willing to pay extra for RAM, but the hard drive options puts the price too high for me, and the options themselves are meh when I'd rather have my own SSD. It's frustrating to know that I am probably a minority customer, and thus Apple will probably never cater to me again. All the while I know that if only I had enough money, then I could be a happier Apple customer (I think the happiest Apple customers live in the middle-to-upper price tiers). If and when I get more successful, I'll consider Apple, but until then, I can see that Apple is no longer the best fit for me. I have had some past association with an education franchise, and I'd say that the biggest thing stopping an American teacher from doing better in specifically math and science is probably classroom logistics. When you are paired 1:1 with a young person of peer-ish intelligence, the speed at which you can teach them specific math skills and principles can be exciting for both involved. But most people cannot afford 1:1. The commentator was not discussing immigration wholly; they are discussing H1B. There are some good reasons to suspect why H1B is an unfair tool. For example, H1B immigrants cannot easily switch employers, and do so with some appreciably elevated risk or cost. Or the fact that H1B wages are enforced by law, rather than competition, and that it's very difficult to bring legal action. If H1B immigrants could switch around without consequence to their immigration or employment prospects, then this wouldn't happen, but I suspect that companies wouldn't support something like that. I think that employers already have the edge on workers in general because they have more information, and because many Americans feel that specific talk of income is invasive or rude, and thus American workers don't really cooperate with each other for strategy; or at least it seems tech workers don't. The specific economic impairments placed upon H1B immigrants, even if written by sincere and well-meaning hearts, unfortunately means that these people are ripe for exploitation without much serious legitimate recourse. I think that assets and opportunities which may be profitably and predictably exploited (and well known in our case), will probably be exploited up to the border where it's no longer profitable to exploit. I propose an alternative or complimentary idea. That cultural inertia guides not only that employers expect the same kinds of data, but also that employees do the same. If employers wanted to, they could start the ball rolling by simply requesting for more predictive data up-front. Candidates often make specific designs to the company they are applying to. Then companies can filter these candidates out to control the load on expensive interviews. I'd also say that if a company wants an introspective hiring system, they would naturally pursue a strategy where you identify the kinds of predictors (exclusive or inclusive) you want and request them in resume or some screening test that goes with the resume. Delete until you have a quantity you can handle. Most articles collected over the web are too piecemeal or disconnected. A bookmarking tool ends up collecting a messy assemblage of to-do's. Also, a lot of places signal golden information, but they're mostly junk. Nobody will ever admit that they deliver too much junk; everyone wants to say that they are worth your attention. Pay attention to the gold-per-junk ratio as you read a textbook. As you move to a specific technical sub-Reddit. As you scan Hacker News headlines. As you look up questions on Stack Overflow. For my specific case, that mental exercise has informed me to ditch Reddit, and to only look at Hacker News when filtered to the top 10/20 (because Hacker News is only sometimes good, but majority distraction), and to save no more than a handful of authoritative or systematically comprehensive guides to information per subject matter. I don't read any news at all outside of this. I also pay attention to what I know. I think about what information has carried over time as a tool in my kit, and how little that is. A lot of information over the web won't make it into your kit. This has guided my decision on what to delete from my life. I happen to believe that open source is mixed up with social or political issues, because open source inherently increases a user's personal freedom (physically and meaningfully), whereas closed source is inherently wrapped up with issues of legal protection of intellectual work. Whether or not a user even knows of this tension, or of the open/closed source status of the code they run, does not exclude whether they may experience benefits. I think this because open-sourcing code does not only increase one's own personal freedom (which is unlikely to be exercised alone due to the magnitude of the task), but more realistically it allows the opportunity for an outside skilled individual or group to be looking over the code, and the benefits can be transferred to all users of the software. It is akin to a person's relationship to the law, where legal writing is not designed for common consumption, but professionals or organizations may digest and disseminate the data to interested groups. While much of legal code may be away from the searchlights of society or its groups, at the very least, when the situation calls upon it, we may look when we want to. It is not requested on a need-to-know basis where we have burden of proof. I think the sad fact is that so many people are now in front of vast, utterly vast learning resources, and it just doesn't matter. Rich or poor, there are numerous people sitting in front of extreme learning resources, and they'll never do anything with it unless there's this enormous infrastructure designed to remedy issues of motivation and planning. And that's where I think the difference is between rich and poor; yes, there are networking differences, yes, there are differences in local crime rate and other environmental stressors and so on, but the biggest factor is motivation. I've seen a peer ditch school to go to the library to use public terminals, back at the time when computers still weren't that popular, and there was no Google or Wikipedia. But even then I could see that some people have a different heart -- starting from an early age, they had a yearning to learn that surpassed the praises of parents or the soothing structure of school. The issue isn't access. The access is already intense for rich and poor alike. Most people don't possess the psychological traits to pursue their own intellectual growth. Almost everyone I've met, rich or poor, stop learning when society stops pressuring them. They may have high or low IQ, be rich or poor, but they are not interested in self-directed learning, at least not without strong external reasons like parents or social shame. Almost everyone is not an intellectual. I pointed out that both rich and poor people alike suffer grievously from issues of planning and motivation. The difference is that rich people get better access to the motivation and planning infrastructure. I also imply that most people, when placed in front of vast access to knowledge, will do nothing with it. It's also why great online education resources have failed to achieve revolution. Giving kids access to Khan Academy isn't enough; because too many people would rather visit another website. The thing is that they aren't saying that algebra learning causes good programming. They're saying it predicts it. They don't delve into underlying factors, but general mental ability is certainly implied. In other words, an algebra test just acted as a noisy, imprecise measurement of general mental ability. I would pose another similar question. Let's say that artists don't work to satisfy the entitlement of others. For what reason, then, do they continue to work? It must be because given the cards they were dealt, they decided to make what play they could. The entitlement explanation to behavior probably isn't the right one here. I would also argue that artists can't make money off of art because it isn't simply art that sells. There's a whole marketing and visibility and polish machine that could be exploited, if you had enough money and power. I would argue that for many profitable art works, it's companies and investors who win -- those who have power and money. Artists are just employees unless they make it huge, and that only really happens in the music world. And on this tangent of the music world, I would note, as a curiosity, that most people wouldn't be able to identify the artist of some popular visual art as readily as the artist of some song. Artists are just living in a world where most means of discovery have been capitalized upon by other businesses into a pipeline that you must pay to use. People like Macklemore are just rare exceptions. From what I heard the other day from a Google employee involved in hiring, Google people also hire off of informal methods, and they don't have a well-lubed statistical machine for hiring/firing and managing people. I guess that means everything I learned in school doesn't work at Google-scale? Unfortunately the conversation didn't get to that point, but I was very curious about why a giant organization with the resources to set up a self-aware HR process didn't do so. These self judgments also tend to be correlated with judgments made by friends, family, spouse, therapist, and with personality tests. In other words, even though there are differences between the groups, people are relatively self-aware. I'd be interested to see here if friends in face-to-face contexts perform similarly to the Facebook context. Manic depressive people have also been observed before to perform more variably between-and-within subject (on a puzzle-game with more than one solution) during their depressed state, while performing more stereotypically during their manic states. Another variation of the study looked at how manic depressive people who report low sensitivity or intensity to their own feelings would not experience the same patterns in behavioral variability during their manic and depressive swings. I already posted this, but it was relevant to you so I repeat: Manic depressive people have also been observed before to perform more variably between-and-within subject (on a puzzle-game with more than one solution) during their depressed state, while performing more stereotypically during their manic states. Another variation of the study looked at how manic depressive people who report low sensitivity or intensity to their own feelings would not experience the same patterns in behavioral variability during their manic and depressive swings (this is just an enriching complication, not something that directly responds to you). Frustration in rats and humans alike produce variable behavior, whereas satisfaction produces stereotypical behavior. Why is this interesting? Because stereotypy is the enemy of learning and innovation, while being the friend to optimizers, while variability is a friend to learning and innovation, but an enemy to optimization. If you are often doing the same things, you experience an opportunity cost in which you could've been NOT doing the same thing. That's not to say that if you do the same thing, then you are optimal, or that if you change up your behavior, then you are creative. Creativity is a mere possibility to change and newness. Hmm... I could give you a link to a Google Drive folder full of articles on factors to behavioral variability and stereotypy. But you'd have to do the digging yourself, or find an authoritative review article that summarizes current state of research (much better), as I'm a bit lazy. I understand the internet has this culture of expecting someone who makes a claim to have the burden of proof to present citations, but honestly, it's too much work, and not even scientists do this. Instead, they have unpaid laborers do it for them for free. In this case, though, I would object to this idea of bullying being a bad strategy. I think the general consensus of literature on adolescent bullying in US and US-like countries, including some not, like Japan and China, is that bullies are among the most popular people in the school context. There are also studies showing that bullies experience protective effects against some psychological issues, such as social anxiety and loneliness. Also, both bystanders rate bullies as the most popular people, and they also list them as the most desirable people (victims do too, which is very unintuitive). Also very interesting: bullying behaves like a social position, with people moving in and out as bully one year, but not the next, whereas victimhood is more stable, like an identity, and may persist from school to school and to online social contexts. Here's what I'd like to know. Since I haven't read a shred of literature on adult workplace bullying, I'm curious to see if bystanders still behave the same way. Because if they do, that means backstabbing, mudslinging, and office politicking are still vibrant strategies, because it's bystanders who bring the rewards of bullying. The people emote to the tyrant emperor their whims regarding an office gladiator. I am not as confident in your predictor or badge of authority -- that teaching actually tells you how to teach. Most "teachers" you're talking about are researchers first, and lecturers second. They don't really think about pedagogical techniques, and they're not going to start. Plus, they most definitely aren't going to take motivational issues seriously. Most professors assume you have motivation, and if you don't, they aren't going to care. They're going to let policy take care of you. Also, like I've mentioned before, most professors are not teachers. They are lecturers. The difference is that a lecturer just spits out the information in a clean and accurate manner, but it's your job from there to handle your learning. On a gloomy ending, I would even note that most teachers ever probably don't care for the state of pedagogical research. They probably already have very strong opinions about how to model the student population or best learning methodologies. I do think that understanding intelligence is critical for developing AI, because computers are not subject to the same evolutionary circumstances. If computers were, then they could be. Now if you are talking about an organic computer, and you mean to include existing animal brains, well, people already knew that, and they meant to talk about the inorganic computer. Maybe after (or concurrently) inorganic AI, people will take on the challenge of designing intelligent organisms that fit in the ecosystem. I think intelligence may be composed of several sub-modules, the combination of which, working in concert, produces the sought-after effects people often talk about when they talk about the Turing test. I do think tests which propose to pin AI on human characteristics is not as useful as an investigative avenue as it could be. I think the first real test of AI is the identification of causal factors in a phenomena. I think another major point of intelligence would be if AI could perform arbitrary analogical mapping. I think all of math is arbitrary analogical mapping, where you start with a set of capricious but useful building blocks, build a big structure and then... analogically map the math onto a phenomena. I think these two ingredients makes for the kind of mental abilities that people have been craving for in AI, abilities like a computer developing its own software to use hardware, or a computer which models and reasons about phenomena. I don't think that education is the way into the elite class. I think that if you are elite, then you will probably be educated, so you'll naturally see a gap in education between elites and commoners. But I don't think being a doctor, lawyer, or Goldman-Sachs programmer, automatically makes you an elite. Owning a home doesn't make you an elite. Having the capacity for power and influence, imo, makes you an elite. You don't necessarily need to express your power, but if you have no power to express except for buying a nice home, education, car, and so on, then I don't think you have power. Power is the ability to substantively influence political, social, or economic spheres. Bill O' Reilly has power. Peter Thiel has power. Bill Gates has power. Because I really have to say, how are you an elite if you seem to lack so much say over the world around you? It almost looks like you are a luxurious piece of driftwood, bobbing to force of massive tides. A lot of people have this standard of elite where if it's better than 99% of the world, then you must be an elite. But then I look at that remaining 1%, and I find too many servants of the elites (I consider a normal doctor to be a servant of the elites), which is why I don't like that capricious cutoff point. We should be focused on a more interesting question: How do we describe power? Who has it? How much do they have? How does their power work? That's what I want to know when I drive an inquiry around "elitism". Someone might argue that your capacity to compete peacefully was hard-won by government or elites dominating the use of force. In other words, you don't have to fight because a bigger entity already won for you. But should that entity fall weak to an external force, I think we'll see that many rights are built on a foundation of power, rather than a peaceful morality. I would add this: you call yourself a moocher for not clicking on ads, but I would add that clicking on ads isn't enough. You need to justify the advertisement by buying the relevant product, otherwise over time people will think that Google ads have trouble leading to customers, and maybe X is better. Personally, I think if someone does something for me, I'd rather pay them directly and become a customer. But until then, I am well aware that the real clients are advertisers, not me. Yeah but that's kind of a capricious line considering the amount of traffic going into that public place -- mandatory of not. It's kind of a not-so-strong point to say that kids are forced to go to school when there are so many kids in a library anyway. Also, I thought vaccination works? If so, what does it matter if another child is or isn't vaccinated? This child is a special case, and he is also a temporary case. It's because HE cannot be vaccinated. It's silly because if there were another special case at the school, then it would be untenable. Actually, as long as your child is normal, unlike the child in this article who cannot be vaccinated, then your child should be fine. This was only a case because one child had a medical reason to not be medicated, but in consequence, you know, that child could also get other people sick, and heaven forbid there are two special exceptions in one school. I didn't know that, thanks for the info. Does that mean that they yet cannot transmit? Or that the vaccine just doesn't work in those cases? Well it is possible that human-like intelligence is a lot harder to build, and that you are unnecessarily complicating your journey by asking for human-like intelligence straight off the bat as a requirement of definition. Like, I would think an AI that can perform capricious causal modelling from sensory or experimental data is already really sexy, even if it couldn't match up to human intelligence, or if it wasn't built in the same way as a brain. Or, an AI that can perform capricious maps or analogies between situations. Here's a potentially new argument to bring to the table, in addition to the usual: putting aside criminal or embarrassing issues, saying that you have nothing to hide is saying that your data is worth nothing. Someone might find connections about you that you didn't know, like the fact that you are more willing to pay higher prices for the same product when you and your partner are trying to have a baby (just saying hypothetically). I don't think that information should be free. At the very least, I'd want to charge. Someone might find out information about your children in indirect but legitimate ways. Perhaps your son is more likely to nag you to buy some product based on some controllable factor. I'd at least sell that kind of information for no less than $500. That's an iPad. I think the solution is probably to have it all, according to your taste: code because you can run it as a working proof, and explanations in both comments and prose. Well I think you are talking about actual source code, and not the context of expository or academic writing. In that context, I would not trust comments even if companies had a strict policy of updating comments, because personally I just don't want to be susceptible to that. It does make me wonder, though, about those computer-generated proofs which are so massive that no human can understand it. If you can run it...? I think the blame is on the fact that the scientific community does not have much power in the media, and is instead the puppet of the news media. But then again, all facts are puppets of the news station, made to be framed in any way that fits into any kind of narrative. The overwhelmingly dominant interface non-university people have with science is through news media. How else are you going to get your facts? By going out to different countries by yourself? By researching into all areas of interest? That's insane. The top four salient science media personalities are probably Bill Nye, Neil Degrasse Tyson, Richard Dawkins, and Dr Phil. Though, I wouldn't say that any of these people hold a candle to Bill 'O Reilly or Rush Limbaugh in terms of influence over public attitudes and opinions on science, and that's the problem. Science, in the eyes of the many, is just another fact in a news media report, and it can go any way the host or reporter wants it to. Yes, science has been inconsistent. Yes, science media personalities have been belligerent or not diplomatic on camera. Yes, there has been corruption of metrics and statistics. But... it just doesn't hold a candle to Bill O' Reilly. Or Sarah Palin, for that matter. I wonder why we use the term "terrorism", as opposed to paramilitary organization, which I think is a more relevant construct. Terrorism defines a group based on its methods which are supposed to deliver fear or some kind of mass hysteria to the public. A paramilitary organization may or may not use tactics of terror, and even if they do, their tactics may be a small part of why they are harmful and relevant. Under this construct, we can talk about cartels, IS/ISIL, Al Qaeda, IRA, and so on. And you know how in every large forum, when someone talks about the definition of terrorism, inevitably states also get pulled into the discussion, such as the actions of the US / Russia / China? That's because terrorism is an over-inclusive lens of discussion or perception, which means it requires "discretion" to use the term. It genuinely is wishy-washy. But I think it's actually a good thing that some domestic terrorist groups don't fit the definition of paramilitary organization. To make our construct useful in public policy, we should be able to propose broad treatment across all members of a construct and be able to predict consistent outcome. We should be interested in developing useful tools for policy talk, and being able to make grounded generalizations is super useful. I don't think the Unabomber or Anonymous fits in the same policy discussion as IS or Al Qaeda, because I think these problems suggest very divergent courses of policy. Every time we have to make caveats to our category, every time we must exercise discretion in interpretation, we will find our construct proportionally less robust. Imagine a government rule which authorizes military action against IS, cartels, or Al Qaeda, including assassinations and characterized by an absence of legal process. Whether or not I agree with this rule, I can accept that it is sensible and potentially productive to at least talk about. I can accept that these groups have common characteristics which behave consistently following military or civilian interventions, thus permitting policy generalizations. I can also see that there is an intuitive connection between the solution and the problem. What is hard to accept is that Unabomber and Anonymous should be on that same table for discussion, because what the overinclusion of these groups do is move the line of justification to remove legal process a little closer to home, and a little more into the realm of capricious discretion. It's hard to accept that some domestic terrorists are anything like an organization that has revenue streams, human resource management, infrastructure, administration, a paramilitary force, and so on, and so it's hard to connect the solution to the problem. Of course, behind all of this is the assumption that terrorist organizations are so mighty that they have graduated beyond the class of criminal and into sub-state actor, and that ordinary civilian instruments are totally inadequate, and that military solutions are the only effective solutions. I have a feeling a lot of why people fail with these online resources is motivation, and I think it's why Khan Academy, while it is a forward-looking treasure of education, has failed to achieve revolution despite dramatically improving the access of education. A lot of people need external mechanisms to keep themselves motivated, such as parental pressure, peer pressure, shame, and so on. As soon as people leave college, most people never learn a tall order of knowledge ever again, and most people let their existing knowledge rapidly decay. And then they're going to tell you a story about how everything they learned in college is useless, and how jobs want something entirely different. Whatever human nature is going on inside of them that explains the outwardly visible behavior is part of the cliff people are walking toward. I also wouldn't say that these are hardcore Christians. A lot of the beliefs people think are hardcore are stereotypical apologetic stock arguments found on many Christian websites, popular Christian literature, or churches. And those Christians who do believe otherwise tend to not speak up. One can just look at polling organizations who look at Christian opinions on the trustworthiness of science, age of the earth, climate change and ecological responsibility, evolution, vaccination, secularism, gay marriage, and so on. You're going to find that these Christians have been exaggerated as fringe, when they are in fact a substantial minority, and sometimes a fair majority. That's why politicians still talk about this stuff. That's why during election season, this stuff shows up on multi-million dollar advertising campaigns, sometimes in the form of sinister but subtle implications of things to fear, like gay people molesting kids, or public schools as centers for secularist brainwashing (the place where you're going to lose control of your kid's religiosity). People know that these issues cannot be explicitly talked about, so they talk in code. If people are upvoted for presenting a news article on a single study, then we're going to end up with very ping-pong ball style discussions on science. I actually think there is a reasonable expectation to privacy, and that most people, from senators to elementary school teachers, believe that email is technically secure, meaning that "normal people" could not read their email even if they wanted to, at least not without resorting to "hacking" or "spying". In fact, one might say that email is more secure than normal mail, because normal mail doesn't have a password and is default delivered to a publicly accessible mailbox. If a neighbor wishes to invade your privacy via your email, how do they do so? Probably by entering your password somehow. If that person wants to steal your physical mail, how do they do so? By walking up to your mailbox when nobody is looking. Also, email at least has a very plausible chance of being encrypted; even if you don't know what that means, your workplace may be doing it for you. But companies, including financial or accountancy firms, don't encrypt physical email to their customers. I think most reasonable people have the belief that email is safer than mail, and in 2015 I think they might be right. But here's the thing. We're talking about a legal viewpoint called a "reasonable expectation". And unfortunately, if we did live in a time where many people believed in the flat earth theory, then yeah, they would be a reasonable person. There will be a time when future generations laugh at our current popular scientific misconceptions, but until then, that counts as reasonable belief. We just don't have the benefit of retrospection to know which things are crazy ahead of time. Also, I do believe that email should be private, but that is a separate discussion. Where did you get that information? From Wikipedia? Could you put the paragraph + link here so I can find it? I ask only because I looked it up myself and couldn't find that reasonable expectation to privacy solely hinges on the actual objective reality of the situation; instead there are also subjective considerations. And even the definition of "objective" in "expectation to privacy" is what general society holds to be true -- it doesn't speak to demonstrating reality of privacy. Why is something overly broad stereotyping? People don't treat populations and individuals as the same thing; the population is its own entity with its unique properties, and, obviously differences. The question is whether those differences are sufficiently exploitable. This is how policy works. If you are saying that you can't generalize over a population, you're saying that there are roughly zero between-population differences that are exploitable for strategic policy. Random things are unstrategizable. I think that the Chinese and Japanese value hard work more than Americans and Canadians, and I think so because Americans and Canadians have an unfortunately true belief that intelligence is highly predictive of performance, and also that intelligence is not meaningfully improvable. On the other hand, I think that Chinese and Japanese people have the belief that effort is a far better explanation to performance. The problem is that performance must surely be at least a combination of effort and ability; a depressed person may have the bodily ability to pick up the phone for their friends, but they might not care anymore. I thus say this: if you go looking for studies on cross-cultural pedagogy, I claim that you're going to find that American and Canadian students are significantly more likely than Chinese and Japanese students to avoid harder challenges, to pursue easier challenges, to practice mastered over unmastered material, and to avoid a problem after poor marks. Does this speak to all work? Of course not. But it's a window into culture, rather than just comparing mean hours studied or worked between populations. We should drop that "proof" argument because it's just an argument that impossibru, a completely fresh account, mindlessly threw out. What we have in this forum are achive.org links. Those links contain conversations about breaking into Proplex's accounts and tracking Proplex's behavior. We should not have to filter past this argument of yours. Your other argument just accuses someone of being a forum troll. Sorry but, how did you get this information? I never heard this before. You're also a just-created account... The legal implications go to many schools, so I don't think we're talking about luxury in the context of two elite schools. I think we're talking about the inclusion of minority populations in publicly funded institutions of education, and just how much we want them in our society. Perhaps we do, perhaps we don't, perhaps it's somewhere midway. Yes, but they accept federal and state money, just like when the UC's accepted federal money and decided to submit on the issue of military recruiters on campus, because getting federal funds is voluntary and to the nearly arbitrary discretion of the executive branch. However, I do think that there should be more mechanism than the purse to persuade institutions to make material accessible to disabled populations -- but for major institutions only, since I'm not sure smaller organizations can cope with the burden. Perhaps organizations above some revenue? Also, I don't think people do pure replications. People generally do replication with a twist, which is essentially a new branched experiment. Rather than confirm one specific part of a theory more than once, it's better to confirm various wings or implications of a theory. One thing I have found interesting is that as you go more north in the US, a culture of explicit niceness becomes palpable. I have always though weather may have some relationship, as Canada by reputation would fit this view. The problem is that companies like Uber don't want to call you an employee, but they want to treat you like one. They want as much power over you as they can have without taking any responsibility for their relationship as an employer. You guys may also be interested in reading Daniel Kahneman's Bounded Rationality, or Dual Process of Cognition. It talks about the relationship between two systems, one of which correlates to what we're talking about. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dual_process_theory#System_1 I would still take issue with the usage of spectrum. A spectrum is a scale with escalating/deescalating and predictable variation. As you go "up" and "down" the spectrum, I don't think you can say how you're supposed to interpret that. In my opinion, we should be supporting or phasing out concepts depending on its usefulness as a predictive instrument. I don't think the "spectrum" lens offers any power over "two major sexes with many small discrete bins". But the spectrum view does seem forced, as if the intended effect is a more inclusive "we". Better would be to say that there are two major sexes, as well as some rather rare cases (MOST inclusive definition ~1%). They each belong in their discrete bins as domain-specific studies. I also think you are letting your concern for humanity cloud your constructs. You seem to be very concerned about exclusion from normal. 70 million sounds like a big number if you were living in Europe at the time of the Bubonic plague. But this is the same problem with large numbers when we hear about state budgets. We hear titanic numbers, but it's hard to grasp how big or small it really is. How big is $100 billion to the state? Medium? A lot? A little? What if I said, hypothetically, that it was marginally less than 1% of the state budget? Are you going to say to me, "Well, think about how even Bill Gates doesn't have $100 billion. Think about how much that would mean to you." ? If I brought it down to an intimate level, I would never be able to talk about huge numbers because it hits my intuition too hard. Yes, but so what? How do you link this argument back? 70 million is a lot of people in MORAL terms. What about scientifically? We aren't talking about killing 70 million people. We're talking about the strength of constructs in terms of scientific utility. This is also the problem with huge numbers. It's very hard to process and we are intuitively intimidated by the largeness, such as with numbers from the state budget. $70 billion? Oh my god. How am I supposed to process that number? Also note that 1% is a figure arising from the most inclusive definitions. You see, "high" and "low" testosterone does make sense on a continuum. It is plausible to think that incremental jumps on this scale could mean incrementally different predictions. I could see how there could be some noisiness and complication, but that doesn't mean the construct lacks competitive utility. However, I don't think the researchers would accept testosterone as an adequate spectrum to contain human sex. So what spectrum is proposed, then? I have difficulty imagining, because I think having a spectrum of Maleness vs Femaleness would be antithetical to what the researchers want. Actually, there is a way to decide if something is scientifically better. All you have to show is that your construct is competitive within the ecosystem of constructs. You can weakly improve upon an existing model by adding tons of domain-specific complications, which is what should've happened. But instead of saying that there are two predominant sexes, along with many abnormal and discrete bins, they propose a "continuum". The researchers found that, in the most inclusive definitions, 1% of the population isn't sufficiently accounted for by traditional constructs. But there's no new theory here. How do I predict complications based on what factors? What's the new model? The "spectrum"? A spectrum is a scale with escalating and deescalating values as you travel up and down, where jumps in the spectrum are connected to jumps in prediction. As for abnormal and discrete bins, well, the scientific community already has that. What's new to the table? A reformation of language so that we avoid the word "abnormal"? But where's the improved model? Also note that you propose that there's no way to think about scientific or construct "betterness". Yes there is. You can measure by complexity, prediction, explanation, or generalizability. These are just a few ways. But you waved away scientific discussion, and instead choose only to use the moral lens, and bring up sociopathy. Also, the reason I am talking about human limitations in processing large numbers is because I am accusing the opposition of abuse. I am not saying you should believe me because of X, I'm saying beware of opposition arguments because they are abusive to human minds. And on the matter of using percentages to interpret numbers, I return to my example of state budgets, because that is a place where politicians often abuse psychology by stating what appears to be extravagant numbers. By extending your statements, I might say that not only is $70B a lot of money, but so is $7B. But then what if you told me that $70B is less than 1% of the state budget? What did you just do to that number? Honestly, 10,000 people dying is a lot. Therefore, let's not talk about construct validity? Yes, I think people are playing border politics without realizing it. They want to be more inclusive, but this is about construct validity and adding something new to the table, not talking about how 70 million people dying is tremendous. I think a better indicator would be "Perl tutorial", since that might tell you how many new people are joining. I think the danger has to be substantiated in order for a larger crowd to care. Was Adria in actual danger? Did she actually feel fearful? If a person felt in danger, would she take a picture of the two men she felt endangered by, and then tweet it to publicly shame them? As a person who has gathered a substantial amount of Twitter followers, what did she think was going to happen to the two men? What was her ideal world outcome? That the two men would become embarrassed and apologize as examples to future men, and then their employers would allow them to keep their jobs? The reason why "Laconian wit" is normally frowned upon is because it's actually almost disruptively lazy. In the event that almost everyone agrees with you, then that's okay. But should anyone disagree with you, now they're going to have to do the heavy lifting for YOUR side. That disrupts the willingness someone has to even converse with you, and if someone retorts with similarly Laconian wit, you can see the conversation breaks down really fast, because nobody is willing to put in the extra effort to flesh out someone else's opinion when there's no reciprocity or show of effort. Speaking personally, I think on average it takes me about 30 to 80 articles from a divergent field to get a grasp of what's going on. At the same time, when I go into forums like these, I'm aware of what kind of crowd I'm going to get: while most people give their off-handed dismissal "Omg, that n size. 120 is way too small for something so important." What we might need is a general and informal rule that science-based posts should have at least several studies in good standing. Nuclear power is, as far as I know, a consistent problem, meaning that it's not like the requirements and shape of the problem changes that much. Medical programming, on the other hand, means programming for anything medical. You cannot really pre-model the problem with a general solution, because you don't know what salient problem is going to capture social attention in the next few years. You don't know what devices are going to be created. People might have programming standards and methods for building secure systems, but I would say it's a lot easier to work around a problem that has remained mostly still. Another thing is cost-efficacy. You can always have better and more safe of anything, not just in programming. Aren't car accidents so tragic? They are also one of the prominent causes of accidental death. Well, why don't we mandate that car manufacturers must include better collision safety? We could. We could mandate until all our fears are gone. Then fewer people would have cars. Ecological and public transportation arguments aside, I don't like a world where the gateway of money requires a much higher bar to pass. Wouldn't it be unfortunate if fewer patients could access the range of medical devices which have been rigorously analyzed by a team of better-than-average engineers, and consequently the public experienced net damage? It depends on the difficulty of the field, but I think on average it takes about 30-80 articles to get into a divergent field. Review articles can help a lot, but you don't always get them for hotly moving fields. I also think it helps a lot to be aware of popular experimental designs and statistical techniques. I would recommend academic articles on cognition, psychology, or neuroscience. The reason is not to push a young person into a technical career, nor into the brain sciences, and nor is the reason to stimulate further reading in academic literature. I would recommend it because I believe people in those fields write with a very interesting perspective, and also because they write about things which may be more broadly interesting to varied people, and with a narrative form that is more accessible than other fields, and they still write with less censorship than what a young person might be used to. Such writing also affords a level of respect to the reader that a young person might not be used to. This is the important part. Young people are often exposed to worldly, societal, behavioral, moral, or philosophical matters through authors who yank around the story in any way they please, such as with "Fahrenheit 451", "Brave New World", or "Lord of the Flies". In my opinion, these young people are being intellectually disrespected without knowing it. Always exposed to a kitsch view through a highly obscured lens with a penchant for melodrama. It's a world of non-seriousness where everything is just opinion, and what's important is to express how you think anything works. Some people grow into adult versions of this. But when you read what adults think about the phenomena of bullying and predictors of victimhood, it's a little bit different. Or when you read about childhood predictors to different adult styles of drug use, you start viewing things a little different. Or when you read of how a team of adults performed brain surgery on a songbird to investigate human behavior, you start viewing things a little different. You also start seeing the severity of prediction. Maybe it's a bit cold in doing nothing to shield the reader from the perspective of the writer, but almost never tactless. And it's very respectful to the reader. It might be the first time a young person isn't spoon-fed a highly obscured and Hollywood-ish discussion about the world. Evolution and natural selection are not facts. I understand why you use the word fact. It's because too many people are playing word games ("belief, opinion, theory!"), that you feel you need to counterattack by using such a solid word like fact. In the vernacular, fact also has another meaning: true. Not conclusively true, not noisily true, but Simply True. Unrevisable. Unimprovable. Just Truth. And that's the game you've decided to be a part of. "It is a FACT that I am standing here right now." Some groups are well aware of this confounding of terms and they deceitfully abuse it. But facts are data points. They are the things which you combine to formulate a theory. If all you have are facts, then all you have is a bundle of disconnected trivia. Theory is true power over facts, but in the vernacular, theory means opinion. Theory is weak. Theory is revisable. Theory is improvable. How do you know your theory won't change tomorrow? But Fact is Truth. It won't change tomorrow, or ever. But in science, theory is power. Theory is sexiness. Theory is freedom from a huge bundle of disconnected, incoherent facts. "You have no theory, all you have are facts!", is a damning statement. Historians have a lot of difficulty producing a decent theory of history. They have tons of facts, but where's the general theory of civil war? Everything in history is retrospective hyper-domain-specific explanation. So some people appreciate the difficulty of theory. Maybe if people don't play these word games, then they also lose. But I don't currently believe that. I think the other side that plays word games is dishonest, and that those who join with me on this opinion should resist such immoral PR tactics. These are people who pervert the good instruments of societal transaction and improvement, because winning is everything to them. Whatever the damage to public relationship to science, whatever the cost to language, whatever -- let the kids of the future clean it up after we've won the "war". When I'm saying "I am here" is a fact, I'm saying that to the layperson, that is how they express their understanding of the word. Fact is truth, and not something to be iterated on, added to, or improved in any way. So to many, saying that "God is a fact." is very agreeable, if not obvious. When you talk about approximate geometry, physics, or chemistry, that is very different from the deceitful language games being played by groups in American society. And when we say that evolution is fact, that's not even playing the game right, and it is said in bad faith. When someone can equate God with Fact and get wide agreement, or agreeably express their understanding of fact by saying, "I am here. That is fact." (arguing against this is a trap), you will lose if you say that evolution is a fact, because evolution cannot stand on the same place as God, and saying so is a cultural violation. Furthermore, facts can never be changed or improved upon, nor reframed. When someone says that God is Fact, they mean to say that God is unquestionably true in an unchanging and objective way. If you say that evolution is fact, someone will ask how the THEORY of evolution has changed over time, and how a changing theory can be fact. They are deliberately switching back and forth between technical lingo and vernacular. If you try to elucidate with anything less elegant than how the conversation went so far, you will lose. This game, this abuse of language, this struggle for political power and social configuration, is very far and apart from the pedagogical motives of approximate models in physics, chemistry, or geometry. It is done in bad faith. It is done as a game. And even if you were fully cynical and believed that gaming is the right way forward, even then this is the wrong move. The stronger play would be to instill this contrary framing of language at an early age through an authoritative institution -- schools. In my view, Vim is no longer just a program that people use, but a way to do things. In this view, I am hopeful for the NeoVim project to bring Vim-the-way to other editors, including your favorite IDE. One of my pains was that Vim-the-program was not ready to go, and that configuring or adding plugins to Vim was a real nuisance, and I think due to terminal limitations, Vim-the-program could never have some of the features other programs had. I'm pretty sure that where the teen stepped over the line is in endangering a teacher with a potential reputation as a sexual danger to children. I'm surprised there isn't more discussion of that. Note that it does not matter what we, a liberal audience, might think about homosexuality. What matters is what kids and parents think, and I have found both groups to be champions of boundary-policing and conformity-enforcement. If the young person didn't pose such a risk to the teacher's financial security, then there wouldn't have been such an issue. Now the teacher has to lay a trail of official evidence which shows that he is not secretly homosexual, and did not engage in sexual activities within a teenage context. Both the school and the teacher need to be sure that at a later time, an issue does not arise where the teacher's secret homosexual activities on school grounds is in question. To be fair, the child could have ruined the life of the teacher by revealing them as a secret homosexual who engaged in sexual activity on school grounds. It's part of a teacher's job description in America to be 1000 miles from anything remotely sexual. And heavens forbid there is an association to homosexuality. At that point, saying "it wasn't me!" is foolish for the teacher. It's better to lay a trail of legal evidence pointing to someone else's clear culpability. From an outside perspective, I would always reserve the possibility that the teacher is a liar and made up a story about hacking to cover for their sexuality. But when part of the story becomes court record, then I am far more willing to trust the teacher. Aside from how Pearson performed, I'm rather surprised that they choose to buy so many iPads. What does the iPad offer to the pedagogical process? Are they teaching kids about programming or computer skills? Probably not. Did they expect Pearson to produce an entire curriculum just for the iPad? Why not a website instead, which is so much more easily accessed and maintained? Did these schools want to be "technological" for the sake of it? And for general student tasks, is the iPad really a good fit? As opposed to a conventional computer running Microsoft Office or a browser with Google Drive? And that computer could do other things too? I'm not sure what the iPad does to bridge the gap of socioeconomic disparity, and I'm not sure whether the iPad is a fitting purchase vs. obvious alternatives. If I were given executive control and a budget, I would work on adding/improving computer labs. For the minority of students who would benefit from a home computer, I would offer a laptop leasing program. The difference is that the inclusion of the iPad has nothing to do with the iPad. Kids aren't learning about iOS, mobile apps, or how the iPad works. The iPad is a coincidental delivery mechanism. Contrast that to a computer lab, which is not merely a mechanism to deliver existing math and English content, but also potentially a classroom for computer lessons. It doesn't just provide access. It provides a potential for technology class. That's guided access beyond all the dumb distractions that computers might offer. The iPad is stuck as a coincidental delivery mechanism. You don't even want to do word processing on the iPad. If at a later time people develop good interactive content that meaningfully surpasses the performance of obvious alternatives, it's not as though your desktop/laptop/computer lab would be any less capable in interactive content. In the meantime, I wonder if the iPad is actually competitive over math textbooks. Or is this baseless trust of a CEO in an interview with the New York Times? Surely what you propose is not a trust model for a robust organism. Also, because somebody doubted the honesty of a CEO, you decide to talk about how they are a pseudo-intellectual in an echo chamber who parrots their baseless cynicism? It's just a bad joke. People also have an obligation to control their own hearts instead of waiting for someone else to tell them how they should feel. It's not my job to make anyone feel safe. That is merely the bias of my personal style. Pure coincidence. The fact is, talking about religion with derision could incite violence, pain, and fear. Am I someone who gets off on pain? No. But I'm not going to go out of my way to protect someone's heart either. It's their job to rule their own heart. It's not their psychiatrist's job or their pastor's job. On a side note, I would add that many religions go out to deliberately propagate fear ("Jesus is the sacrifice to save us from hell"). Nobody cares. I have a friend who is really pained by the thought that he can't convert his close friends, and worse of all, his parents! What agony he must go through now that somebody decided to exercise their free speech and tell him about the eternal torture of hell. It was his job to rule his own heart. Similarly, it is not the job of students to avoid discussion of rape on campus because the mere mention of rape could cause a reliving of trauma. It is instead out of personal will for a healthier future that we deliberately choose superior speech over unrefined speech. It is okay for society to shame those they think are tactless. It's not okay to bring logistical or material pain to someone's life because they made one feel terror, or angst, or outrage. Discussion of hell could bring more pain into someone's life than most other subjects one can summon up without a priori knowledge. They might lose revenue at first, but in a way that is entirely healthy for a larger system of advertisers and clients, in that both advertiser and client reassess the effectiveness of an instrument (an ad network or product), and thus reassess the correctness of a price for an advertising opportunity. Maybe I'm apathetic to these arguments because I'm quite comfortable paying for content and services, and I'm comfortable with a version of the web where a paying class gets to have paying-class products. If the public feels there should be a free thing, then let it be funded by taxes. I don't think the problem is with down votes per se, but in the total balance of votes. It doesn't matter if you receive 100 negative votes if you received 1000 positive votes. It doesn't matter if you received 1000 positive votes if you received 10000 negative votes. The question is if there are special biases for voters, like if almost nobody logs in to up vote, but people will log in to down vote. That will make some people feel like the site is capriciously punishing. I would appreciate some more common use-case side by side comparisons. I've been hesitant to learn awk or sed myself, instead using Ruby, but my intuition tells me that javascript will require comfort with at least some basic utilities library, and lacks a lot of built-in niceness that Ruby has. I am surprised that your personal experience is one of many iPads in the wild. When I'm going about cafes, bookstores, and libraries, in or about Cupertino, Mountain View, and Palo Alto, I find that people almost exclusively use laptops as their sit-down device. I wouldn't be surprised if phones were the second most-used sit-down device. How did you get that information? How did you, in a non-magical way, go from information about an angle to information about a ratio? If students don't know this information, then perhaps they are studying applications. So, what applications are students taught in typical trigonometric texts? Periodic behavior perhaps? Like sound? Only perhaps a brief blurb in the text that application is even possible. Perhaps they look at something about an incline plane. It is unlikely that they will touch projectiles. It appears that trigonometry is there to give students some sense of mild comfort for future work in physics or engineering. This makes me think, "Why not statistics instead?" I think I wasn't clear in saying that I believe the current pedagogical value of trigonometry is in giving students a brief familiarity with the trig functions when they see it again in the context of physics or engineering. Or standardized testing. I think those are the likely scenarios where students are going to be seeing relevance in trigonometry. What other foundation or learning pathway do you see trigonometry serving as? Somebody else mentioned that it gives students a sense of applications, so they know that calculus is not for nothing. So then I question: what applications? And I pose, how about statistics? What kind of pedagogical or pragmatic relevance do you see trig as a building block for? I would answer that question by saying that it most likely comes up again either in physics or engineering contexts, or in a standardized exam like MCAT. And only in the sense of familiarity with the unit circle and trig functions. What other foundation or learning pathway do you see trig serving as? Somebody else mentioned that trig serves use by teaching students that calculus has rich applications. So then I question, what kind of applications are students learning in trig? And if students are to learn rich examples of calculus applications, then why not statistics, which is also relevant to the bio / social sciences? Also, couldn't we mash trig inside calculus? AirBNB does take responsibility for the uncertainties brought on by the renting with strangers. By covering property damage. That sounds solidly responsible. AirBNB should not be responsible for controlling a vague group of data trackers, rental and management companies, and landowners, and what secret lists they create. How are you supposed to stop somebody from creating a list? And we don't actually know why this man has been blacklisted. Is it perhaps because nobody wants to get involved with somebody with a history for negative media exposure? I agree with your opinion, but I also add: being accomplished gives you a microphone for both the insightful and the insulting things you have to say. It's unfortunate that sometimes smart people don't realize that not everyone's words are equally powerful. From what I can tell, I do believe that Zed Shaw has experienced abuse from a larger community over a few years, I think starting with members of the Ruby community. Some might say that Zed fans the flames of controversy by reciprocating with insults. Perhaps he sounds paranoid because he has nobody concrete to point a finger at, which is part of the nature of being famous on the internet. I'm surprised this is the first mention of jsblocks, when the graphics displayed by the article shows jsblocks beating everybody, including React. I think Apple may be communicating something different: I think Tim Cook is merely criticizing that those companies make money off of your information somehow, while giving you a service "for free". I don't think that precludes Apple from using machine learning techniques on mass-collected data. Apple collects tons of user data, and I'm sure they use some of it to provide machine-learning backed services, and I'm sure they'll come out with much nicer products to compete with Google in the future, also enhanced by machine learning techniques. The difference that Tim Cook wants you to believe in is that Apple doesn't directly make money from your data, they just use it to improve their product; alternatively, Google makes money from your data by providing advertises with guided access to your eyeball. But the danger isn't in the fact that Google lulls you into complacency with free services. The danger isn't in the fact that Google sells guided access to your attention. The danger is just in the collection of data, and the fact that one day the government or somebody could find a way. There's only one way to be safe. And that's to collect only minimal amounts of data for minimal apps. That means gimped Siri. No Apple competitor to Google Photos. And I don't think Apple will do that. I think they'll continue to amass all the data they use to improve customer experience. The fact that Apple makes money differently off the data doesn't change the fact that it's collection that's inherently dangerous. I don't think Tim Cook specifically rejects the collection of data on customers. I think he is pro-collection of data where it helps improve customer experience. His criticism is for companies whose model of business involves selling guided access to customer attention, aka Google and Facebook. His criticism is for what you do with that data. He would probably say that Apple uses its data to help its customers, while Google or Facebook "sells" out their customers. From that communication, I read that Tim Cook is against some business models, not machine learning or data collection. I think your point is good, and depends on the question of how much can be done on current and future hardware, and what differences might result to product quality in local-only storage and processing. I think it is unfortunate when people do not express their biological potential, but I'm not sure that's what people actually want to talk about. I'm not sure that really improves the human condition. I see the problem as the sum of human economic actions creating a structure where only a few people can win and most people must lose . What does it matter if we bump up people's IQ? Would that make it so that more people try to apply to be leaders and CEO's of tomorrow, when there are so few positions available? Is the lack of meritocracy the principle emotional bother here? Does society become better if it were meritocratic? I don't think so. Why not focus on the fact that there's a race where only a few people win? Is it because we're okay with the current distribution of wealth if we find out that it corresponds with intelligence? All I see from this is a more efficient nation due to better labor allocation, which is an agreeable value, but is that what people wanted to talk about? Economic inefficiency due to bad labor allocation? I think GATTACA shows a meritocratic world. A very meritocratic world. Now, it may be that the movie has some moral message to deliver on "true potential" being more than biology, but that society was largely on target with identifying potential, at least way better than our current world. A few errors now and then sounds very tolerable for a futuristic system, even if it results in a few tragic stories about a denied astronaut with heart problems. I'm sure they can improve and become even more accurate at identifying aspects of human merit. But in that world, we have corporate dominance of working opportunities, elite rule over inferior biology, a feeling of fate, and shitty jobs -- a world of winners and losers. There will always be more people of merit than there will be jobs of merit. If this last statement is true, what are the implications for the losers of society? Why should the government stop addressing marriage, which is a cross-cultural structure involving people officially declaring their relationship to a community, sometimes via a legal vehicle? Marriage has been independently constructed by many peoples with many variations. Often times we talk about Christian marriage but not Chinese or Greek marriage. Why do you frame marriage as principally religious, and something the government should keep out of? There's one way in which governments have screwed up, including state governments, and that's allowing priests to have legal authority. The wedding industry is a revenue stream. In what other way does religion have relation to marriage? Through the laws of Moses, transferred from God? The government shouldn't be afraid of words. The government should feel free to not trespass upon religion by creating as many alternative marriages as it wants. The government can create a "high-fecundity during wartime" category of marriage if it wants, and grant extra tax benefits. That's a matter of secular policy. "I really suggest the A41 form for marriage for your case in particular. My cousin and his girlfriend got married under A41 and they've structured their finances like so and so." "[145 points] Node.js + ASM.js + Angular.js + Coffee Script: how I built my static website" I'm not sure they offer free hosting, at least not anywhere obvious on their website. But they do offer a "pay what you use" model. Aren't there way too many options for something advertised to a beginner? Shouldn't one dare to have a pedagogical opinion and so curate? I think part of the problem of scientific reporting is that journalists deliberately look for sensationalist material, and how journalists discuss science is little different from how Bill O'Reilly might react if he just found an exclusive clip of Hillary Clinton getting drunk and saying stupid things. Bill O'Reilly and his team would probably be thinking about how this might be worth a month of material. The other part of the problem is that scientific writing is meant for scientific audiences, an audience which is expected to be aware of an ecology of evidence and professional debate occurring around studies. If we don't want pathological journalism, where a journalist finds a single piece of evidence and spins whatever narrative they want from it, then we need a journalist who is authoritative enough to represent a whole field and its diversity of opinions, like Neil deGrasse Tyson. Would you trust Neil to be honest with you? It's not Neil's beliefs on politics that people care about. Instead, we care when he makes statements about the field of physics. Not a phenomena, but the field itself. It's because those statements can be incredibly useful to a lay audience. Imagine hearing this claim: "Most psychologists nowadays use cognitive behavioral therapy, or some kind of statistically-backed similar therapy involving cognitive work, while psychodynamic approaches have almost all but died except in southern California." This doesn't make a claim about psychological phenomena. Instead this is a claim about the field of psychology. And it's incredibly useful because you don't have to understand the merits of one therapeutic approach over another. Just by hearing about trends of expert behavior, you can develop useful guesses. If I heard that a dental procedure had fallen out of favor among dentists, I would use that information. As a layperson, I don't need to know about the technicalities of some dental procedure. And I am quite aware that experts can talk me into any way they want. What I want to hear is a representation on the field of dentistry. I think it is THIS function that we want out of an expert scientific journalist or propagator. We should want someone who can represent the temperature of the field, as opposed to merely making a claim on a phenomena. I trust Neil to say that "most physicists believe X" without spin or deceit. I think in a world where physical things influence a system so pervasively so as to be irrevocable, leaving their causal footprint everywhere, absence of evidence predicts absence of evidence. It's not proof, but evidence, which is something else. A better word might be information . I argue that absence of evidence is information that should influence your bet on the course of future information. Say I'm looking for alien civilization. I write a magical program to search one planet at a time, and stop when it finds an alien civilization. I argue that with every planet that fails the test, we should consider that as information toward the case that this program will never stop. I think these claims are testable if crafted into narrower versions. A reframed version of the maxim would be: Absence of evidence is not information for evidence of absence. Another reiteration could be "absence of evidence does not provide predictive utility toward any claims on the evidence of absence". I claim the opposite. I think the author of your link would say that in my rephrasing of things, the whole class of my examples are negative evidence, because he counts any information as negative or positive evidence, and in consistency he demands perfect ignorance. No peeking in the cat box. Unfortunately, me scanning for planets counts as peeking, or getting information, into portions of a very large cat box. I'd like to use Fish more, but my biggest worry is that many tools don't come with instructions or support for Fish. I think that means you have to be committed to learning a lot about Fish, or use two shells? You've said "No", but you haven't countered the posters claims. Are in fact most data scientists PhD/Masters people? I hear the same information at a mid-sized tech company. I also hear similar things about Intel. I think there are definitely big players involved in the coordination of narrative. I think in a world where people live far apart and don't visit the same websites or watch the same shows, it's hard to coordinate action or belief. I think it takes money and organization. I think Proposition 8 of California is another example; there was a lot of money involved from big players. It's not necessarily a corporation, but I wouldn't say these things are exactly grassroots. Of course it depends on the context. I don't know if it's reasonable to expect a small family clinic, therapist, or dental office to secure their client information. It seems that people just mass scan the internet looking for already known vulnerabilities. However, if it's a mid-sized business handling important information, like payment information, then I do think there ought to be a standard of dutiful behavior, because otherwise who pays for the externalities? I think it's pretty clear that connecting a computer to the internet is a matter of trusting the whole world, which is a lot harder than trusting local circumstances. Your assessment of risk has to change when the cost of scanning and attacking your machine from afar in a hard-to-trace manner is dirt cheap. I suspect that the factors which would bias some people toward chess might also predict better programming ability, so I doubt a chess intervention would be useful, at least no more useful than some other activity like basketball or drawing. Math might be different. This aversion to software you describe may just be an age / generational thing, because I've noticed that almost all "older" people have issues with technology. I think that being a med school student today probably means osmosis of cultural information from other med students, including student solutions like Google Drive and Dropbox, as well as Tinder. Along the way, that probably means comfort with email, chat, downloading apps and files, browsing, buying, PDF reading, and so on. Computer literacy and computer science are two different things with two very different pedagogical objectives. Often times, when people say "computer literacy", they mean popular software competency . It often means ad-hoc comfort with specific software interfaces and solutions. So if I've learned the steps necessary to attach files into Gmail, browse in Safari, download and remove apps, use Dropbox, and so on, then I'm considered computer literate. At one time, employees were expected to type in DOS commands. Now command line is considered hacker territory. Almost everyone in the world is living very high away from computer science, and instead they are living in the world of corporate designers. They are living in a world where people at Apple build app experiences called "Mail", "Calendar", "Reminders", and you swipe left to delete. Soon you'll be asking Cortana or Siri to do things for you. In that designer world of proprietary software and aesthetic trends, what does computer literacy mean? It sounds like a class on Microsoft Word or Outlook. It sounds like a class on how to use the App Store. I think the calibration of quizzes and tests is already an area of research that is receiving academic attention, it's just that there's a gulf between research and practice. I also agree with emphasizing tests more, since measuring homework is so noisy (tutors and parents double-checking homework), but I definitely don't think having one big test is the right way. One of the reasons why people might face test stress is by dealing with the stress at the last minute. I think that would require a consensus among experts to adopt a language specification. That would also be a good time to clean out any artifactual warts. The simpler something is, the more you have to build yourself, though the likelihood is that you'll have to learn some library. We could seek to build an animal brain, which would also be very useful. I wonder if mobile web is really ready. I think on mobile, people prefer the fullness that comes with native apps, including UI features like back/undo on Android, which is maybe why 37 Signals, once a staunch advocate of mobile web apps, decided to release native versions of their app after a few years. In default mobile browsers, the back button is not the same thing as "undo" in Android. I also think this could affect the image or experience of a company or entity, since people might not know this is ATT's doing. In the examples provided, one might think this was an action of Stanford. The cynical side of me says that honorary degrees are ways of collecting big-name people so that colleges can claim them as one of their own. Our university boasts the like of Richard Stallman and supreme court justices! Consultants worth $20M? My god. I think money and education do correlate in a way that is difficult to disentangle, because more money in education probably correlates to higher property values, and higher property values probably means more money in education. And these things probably correlate to parents who are more likely to be professionals and more likely to value educational involvement. But revenue from taxes might be spent more carefully, with a budget already planned out, whereas a sudden cash infusion was not planned. So the money's potential was unexpressed. $20M went to consultants! I don't think segregation is the model, but merely a subfactor. Segregation can be insidious, but it can't explain why getting a huge cash infusion doesn't work, especially since segregation arguments are often about unfair funding differences. But $200M ($100M from Zuckerberg) is a shit-ton of money to get. It's like saying if there were more white and Asian kids there, then money would be spent more wisely. Given the information from the article, I think power play between major actors better explains how so much money vaporized. I mean, how did consultants get $20M? Because of racial distribution? I think it's because of power play dynamics. I think tax revenue will be better spent because the flow is predictable, but when you get a sudden cash infusion with no plan, then you won't spend it as well as well-budgeted tax revenue. Perhaps it is also partially Zuckerberg's fault, because he should've realized the political fighting and released the money incrementally. I do think the author of the NYT article used an unfairly mischaracterizing word. The better replacement would be "tough negotiation". From what I've read, the union leader was not threatening a strike, but merely refusing to engage in talks. This isn't central to your argument, but I wanted to make a side point that SAT II is more predictive of college GPA than your high school GPA, which is kind of sad, because the SAT's are a flash in time compared to 4 years. If someone who has never met a child, who devises a test from afar, can better predict that child's future college grades than 4 years of intimate proximity... I don't understand why someone who 'believes in the free market' must accept a binary position on 'free' market. In experimental design, you're supposed to produce tasteful granularity of measurement conditions to capture the breadth of a phenomena. Free vs. not-free is not very granular. And given the immaturity of the state of economics relative to other disciplines, I don't see why anyone should just have blanket faith in the free market. The "freeness" of a market is but one variable in what is possibly a million-factor model, a model that possibly won't ever be developed in our lifetime. I believe there are extensions for this, and places where users submit their own stylesheets and rules. A few experts can do the work of many. Libraries are only legitimate customers because they have massive public goodwill, and it is probably difficult to assault their position. It doesn't sound good to have librarians and educators rallying against you. It's probably better to suffer their existence for now. But surely many publishers view libraries as affronts to intellectual property, as libraries buy both software and books and charge their users almost nothing, relying instead on minimal fees, taxes, and donations. Unless libraries are paying royalties or something like that, they have basically appropriated the works of authors and publishers by brute political and social muscle. The fact that it's difficult to combat the goodwill credit score of libraries just means that businesses and authors assuage themselves with your magnitude argument: "Well, it's not that much profit or control loss. Communities will never learn how to scale their resources, especially in high-population areas where consensus is often difficult in government." Also, libraries may fuel arguments for the public, forming a slippery slope by which the public continues to take from the private sphere for communal benefit. If libraries didn't exist, it would be a lot harder to appeal to the public via, "This website is just like a public library! It is an institution of community learning and knowledge for all." I think the symbolic threat of libraries means that any attempt to establish a culture of digital libraries should be severely challenged. ISIS, for all we know, could become a legitimate government in a context where legitimacy is clearly unclear. Why do we want CloudFlare to be involved in international politics and middle eastern wars? Should an American business have an opinion on what Muslims, and other interested parties, ought to be viewing over the web with respect to ISIS? I would hope not. CloudFlare should not be in the business of judging whether Muslims and others are vulnerable to brainwashing from ISIS and need the protection of CloudFlare censorship, lest their fragile worldviews become corrupted. Let the people of that region judge for themselves the future of their land. China's largest businesses are extremely state-connected, and it's hard to imagine any successful business in China not being deeply connected to the government. I basically consider those entities as extensions of the Chinese state. I don't know if China would look the same if they allowed western companies to just swoop in to extend monopolies. So you're saying that Google could come in and compete? If you're a foreign business in China, even if you are a Taiwanese business, if you don't have proper government relations, you'll find that business applications take so much longer. And that you have little hope with Chinese law before a Chinese judge and a favored Chinese company. It is a hostile atmosphere to even Chinese-speaking countries -- if you are not connected to the government. I'm saying it's very hard to discuss market forces from "free" market principles when the most successful companies in China shall be deeply connected to government. You wouldn't say Gazprom is a product of the Russian economic environment. Nor is Alibaba and Baidu. If you're saying that initial market size and uniformity is a big factor behind Silicon Valley-esque places (a large gathering of investor money and tech workers), then I agree with that point. I think that protectionism disallows existing giants from carving up large slices of a market. Having to compete against the tactics of big giants is a capricious barrier to market, and probably not a good nurturer of innovation. Had many countries severely gimped or barred Google / Microsoft from entering their country, while funding internal alternatives, the world might look very different. School administrators should investigate whenever there's the slightest bit of harm? That would be an awful allocation of resources, only made wise because of fear of lawsuit. It would also be a theatrical exercise in neuroticism. Sounds like schools should appropriate part of their budget for threat consultation. Why should school policy be driven by how scared somebody gets, as opposed to statistics? If I look more into how scared people get by LEDs and wires, will I understand how staff attention and resources should be allocated to investigating any potential threat, no matter how small? This is unfounded neuroticism. TypeScript is a superset of EcmaScript, and adds nothing new except for types. Only exactly that. Amazon offers features of reliability which you normally wouldn't attempt to tackle yourself, such as geographically diverse storage and really high reliability rates. You don't have to worry about what technology they use behind the scenes. If you set up your own system, you have to manage all the technology and risk management strategies. Then you can see if you can do it cheaper than Amazon. The discussion on that concept of "rationality" has also moved far beyond that, such as with Daniel Kahneman's two-system theory. I think the way Marcos Arment writes indicates that he is unwilling to have an opinion on anything which could cause above some threshold of harm. Which is a fine position to take if you don't feel up to the task of policymaking. Let someone else take up the position. That's set or category theory. Patent or patent, I don't see how engineers are going to get a bigger slice of the pie, no more than I can see how an artist should get a bigger slice of their pie. Those with leverage get a bigger piece of the pie, like the leverage you get when you control distribution or infrastructure of some kind. That's why most music artists make little money. It has nothing to do with what % of a production the music artist is responsible for. After production there's also marketing and distribution. The same is for many engineered products. This is the same way in China for clubs and restaurants and such, but I think it's just for marketing. It's possible that "good kerning" interacts with factors like distance from screen and font size. So you cannot isomorphically scale up. That would mean Google would actually need different kerning for different contexts. I think it's pretty obvious that protection can only go so far in whistleblowing. If you upset your superiors, they will not resist their humanity to keep you on. A law that says "you can't terminate that person" would be useless because employers can always find a reason to terminate. What protection can be offered would be something like protection from prosecution. Protection from government nuisance. Protection from lawsuit. I agree that there sometimes exists philosopher kings and executives. But I also think it's a dice roll very much against the whistleblower's favor. Multitasking is used in multiple contexts now. Commercials and consumers use it to talk about Android and iOS features. It's too late to try and claim such a generally useful word like "multitasking" as a keyword. It's more like every single business, from ice cream store to accountant, habitually requests the same information from you. It's not exactly an Android problem, but somehow I feel it's less on iOS. That video is maybe unavailable? I don't think it's at all easy to recognize where people's political lines are. There are only two parties that can win, Democrat and Republican. This goes to the question of, "What is diversity in this context? More Republicans in academic positions?" I don't think so. I think the fact that people are in the Democratic vs Republican party is related to their views on power (and winnability, but only 2 parties really win) rather than their views on politics. It just so happens right now that the Republican party collects votes with denial of climate change or evolution. The Republican party has made itself hostile to science, in that to back its claims, it has had to say that academia is engaged in a conspiracy to lie, and that academia brainwashes children into being liberal. So regardless of your political beliefs, in terms of your power beliefs, voting Democrat is a good choice for those in academics. If Democrats started advocating for benefits for electricians, I'm sure we'd have more Democrats there. That does not mean that the political beliefs and attitudes of electricians are shifting. Does it surprise anyone that working in the petroleum industry strongly predicts political party? There are also other reasons why the Republican party is quite difficult to support, like their lack of positive regard for secularism. You can't argue with the Texas GOP platform when it's splattered with God and Christian issues. Take a skim through this Texas party platform document published 3 years ago. http://s3.amazonaws.com/texasgop_pre/assets/original/2012Pla... Merely looking at ads aren't enough. Purchasing behavior must ultimately be effected somewhere down the line, to the extent that someone can determine changes in sales were due at least somewhat to ads. If someone can't find a causal or predictive relationship between ads and customer behavior, then they will lose cause to invest in some advertising venue. If a site is consistently staying alive only through ads, it means that money is somehow flowing from some people to the ad-supported content. We are all already paying for content through some convoluted pathway. We should just start paying with minimal middlemen, since ad companies bill our attention and build profiles about us from our behavioral data. Aren't there many JS beautification tools that can un-minify JS? It won't unshorten variable names, but the code should still be fairly readable. Given that they already edited the user's profile to say their full name and supposed placed of work, this means that they could've just blanked out the user profile with junk placeholder data. Since the user has done nothing offensive or distasteful, but merely asked for account deletion, I'm surprised at livecoding.tv's vindictive response. While I understand the changes to the free tier and the backpedaling on unlimited, I am quite surprised that they decided to reduce the benefits for paying OneDrive customers to a level where they are totally inferior to Google Drive's prices. I think static site generation will simply be a feature of a build tool like Webpack or Gulp, maybe as a plugin, and either way there will be an api for developers. Or it will simply be part of a larger build chain / automation system somehow. Static site generator doesn't mean there's no backend. A website is called 'dynamic' when its operation depends on communicating with a server. The JS logic delivered to the client can range from animation to async http requests. The distinction between "static site generator" and Webpack / Gulp is very gray. It all depends on what you want to do with your client-side JS logic. But the alternative was McCain, who accused Obama of being weak on war matters. So if you wanted to favor a candidate that seemed like 'less war', you would've still selected Obama. But arguing from a performance perspective on torture is often dishonest, because people start from a conclusion they would like to reach, and then work backward in any way possible to make their claim intellectually respectable. It's dishonest because high-quality research into torture is not really done on a scientifically known level (maybe governments have such knowledge), and it's nigh-impossible for any serious body of scientific evidence and insight to occur. The consequence of this is that people are free to speculate anything at all, insofar as they erect an intellectual barrier capable of thwarting an audience. Like that author did as they appeared deaf to audience questioning. As a tangent, I've found that phone + email are the truly general options across what is anecdotally to me the Balkan social networks. I've also come to realize that everyone views their social network as obvious, and everyone also loathes to download anyone else's social network app. But email + phone is international, nobody feels like you burdened them by asking them to get a Google account, and nowadays email and phone is all managed through a synced solution on your phone / devices. As a "workflow", contacting someone via phone or email can feel as fluid as any other app. I think mechanism is a better lens to use than spirit of the law, especially since the US Constitution is framed with distrust toward the government, and a favoring for mechanism as a leash. What are the mechanisms or processes by which we expect to be protected? Since this is a civil case, one would have to hire a lawyer with their own money. It's not because of American value in conformity that school is the way you describe. It's logistics. If there were 1:1 teacher:student ratios, of course things would be very different. After math, you go hiking with your teacher. As you're hiking you discuss life and world events. Very personalized and balanced growing plan for your child. I am skeptical about this tool because I feel like the learning surface underneath will actually be massive, but massive in the wrong direction toward someone's idiosyncratic product. In order to give me confidence that I won't have to look underneath the surface too much, I'd want to know that the abstraction is very airtight, but all appearances say otherwise. Like another commentator said, I'd rather have an app with well-defined boundaries. I think that for things which are far away, people are free turn their beliefs in any direction which suits them. There's no obvious feedback to one's actions except for the reaction of others when they discover your political beliefs. Maybe the argument that you people are looking for is that the app store has a search interface that isn't good at finding what the customer wants / sieving out noise. At least that's how I felt when I recently acquired got a phone and looked to get new apps. I'm okay with spending, but I had a lot of difficulty finding or searching in a way I felt was fruitful. And with apps I plan to use often, notwithstanding quality, I unfortunately don't want some app that smells like it might die as soon as the developer changes their mind in a fiercely competitive app store. The hypocrisy is that Microsoft wants us to remember that we're getting Scroogled, but ignore that they are just as bad for privacy. Personally I don't care about hypocrisy; people can flip flop all the time, and maybe it indicates a flexible mind that updates based on new evidence. What bothers me is the dishonest implication that Microsoft is good for privacy, and that the anxiety they wish to arouse for Google shouldn't be placed back on Microsoft. There are probably different kinds of investors with different financial philosophies. To make this statement any more meaningful we'd need quality quantifications; this is an empirical question that a firm or someone with access can answer. But modelling long into a market's future in a way that is more accurate than other models, and with appreciable effect size, is probably way harder than short-term predictions. We should expect any approximate model to drift over time. So if you have confidence in short-term modelling, then of course you're going to engage in behavior that is profitable to you in the short-term, even if that causes detriment to the company in the long-term. I don't know if there's enough long-term investor money to counterbalance short-term investors money. But this is an empirical question, and we need quantifications to advance the conversation. Is this one layperson attacking another layperson, speaking as if you were different? Of course in a forum where we expect a supermajority of people to be laypersons to this domain, it is gross to use such an authoritative and dismissive tone. We should not want to hear the noisy indignation of someone pretending to have authority through language like "Big Mommy" and "Fuck progressives". If you speak this way, show the reach of your intellectual authority, rather than your cheap indignation. Economic modelling is not easy. You make it sound like you have a command of something. Show us your substance. In this case they're talking about your biology (brain), which is even more proximal than your DNA. It does make sense that your mind cannot be free from the brain, right? I'm quite ignorant on this subject and find your statement surprising. Are you talking about modern intel cpu's? If your kids are going to public school, you won't be in control of the Santa or Tooth Fairy narrative. You also increasingly won't be in control of religious narrative either. Some child is going to say that they saw their parents sneak presents and such. Some child is going to naively regurgitate, "after you die, you just get reborn again", which will start a discussion with other children who will retort with their regurgitation, "No, after you die you go to heaven to live forever with your grandma and grandpa." That's exactly how we should think of things too; mechanically. Even if the FBI today were morally ideal and responded to serious requests within the limits of their bureaucratic ability without stonewalling, that's not something we should depend on. We should depend on levers and mechanisms. I think that code readability is different from system comprehensibility, and that readability is merely a subfactor to comprehensibility. Readability often means the time it takes for me to grok a function, module, or unit of code, and often what fits on my eyeball. System comprehensibility is how long it takes for me to learn the minimal set of atoms in order for me to comprehend an entire system. Rob Pike criticizes map and reduce and other functional idioms as not machine simple. And although Rob Pike doesn't say this, I might argue on his behalf that functional code has a mild reputation for less readability. But I would argue that functional idioms permit tasteful tradeoffs between machine simplicity and system comprehensibility. I would also argue that when a system gets to a certain largeness, I would be sometimes okay with sacrificing some readability and machine simplicity for system comprehensibility. I would also say that although I might lose some performance advantages with a functional approach, the improvement to system comprehension might mean an improved cognitive capacity for the human to optimize for distributed multi-core contexts, which might offset the losses from machine simplicity. I also look at how much potential is in the environment for consensus on my issues. I feel like if I cry aloud about people snooping into library records, I can reach high consensus on this issue with others. I will be able to tap into the energy of the environment. But if I cry aloud about online / computer tracking, I believe I will get a very mixed response. Some people will stand with my issue, but too many will simply be bored with my issue. I don't think the environmental potential energy for this issue is strong enough. That people would raise a cry over one issue and not another is not sufficient to diagnose their internal wants. It may also speak to their assessment of (probability) x (magnitude) of success. Unfortunately I don't believe that the costs are worth it. I'm afraid we're very myopic about these things, and that we don't think about the processes or structures in place that censor things. The fact that processes are sticky and stay past their original purpose. And like the fact that we want to only discuss, in a vacuum, whether revealing the names of murderers might cause more murder, and if the answer is yes, then that's good enough for us. How much more murder are we talking about for the price of censoring all media? Should anonymous volunteers go on Wikipedia to erase names of murderers? At this point I don't think people know why the Farook couple did what they did, but there are suspicious circumstances like their computer missing a hard drive and their cell phones broken. Supposedly, these people were connected to those that the FBI were already investigating for terrorism threat, and if so, then there is even more cause for their names to be known, because we need to be able to non-ignorantly to discuss specific successes and failures of the FBI. That, and striking things from public discourse is very dangerous. It irks me that you would rebut this guy with this argument simply because I know that the empiricism strongly leans toward personalities remaining very stable throughout the lifespan, and that changes move together as a population than within-individual. Academics might not have yet built consensus on a general personality theory (Big 5 is more a descriptive research framework than a theory), but there is consensus on personality empiricism. Surely there is another angle of counter. I don't believe in winning argumentation by any means, especially by scientific disinformation without empirical cause. Your narrowly crafted argument is the proper response, but this guy made an empirically testable statement relevant to the sciences. You might not have clicked his profile, but he's also a PhD student of the sciences, meaning he has institutional access. You won't find adequate empirical backing on personality change over the lifespan, because the ecology of the evidence suggests that personality is stable. Disciplined speech is difficult and worthy. I think you have a specific framework for viewing things, but you are being deliberately obscure rather than just elucidating your thoughts, and so I think the downvotes are just. What would happen if you exercised clarity? Bad things? You are saying that a pencil user isn't worth anything, but you also recognize that a pencil user can write a script. You feel that it is the script which has value, and not the pencil user. So I suppose you're saying the programmer isn't worth anything, but the program is worth something. That's one lens to view things, but it's also a gimped on its own. One should have multiple lens. I think that you should put the pictures you've placed in Github on your front page. I feel hesitant to sign up for something when I don't see any pictures. I imagine this as integrated into some kind of Android Health or Android Fitness program, capable of detecting glucose levels for diabetics, a competitor to Apple's Health app. Much of what we know about these programs are just from leaked presentation slides from Edward Snowden. That means these are slides made to digest a big process for management or new people. The slides indicate that they are aware that "turbulence" can occur, and also that they are sensitive to issues of overwhelming data volume and bad signalling. It's also clear that they take multiple factors beyond simple web behavior, such as if you are a foreign language speaker in a region. Unfortunately we don't know the specifics of this program. We don't really know what exclusionary criteria they use, or what strong inclusionary factors gets somebody tagged for deeper automated surveillance. The factors likely are likely being tuned all the time by engineers and statisticians, like, for example, snooping on Google is probably not easy anymore due to routine HTTPS, so they probably have changed that part of the program. I think it's better to have some weighted account of what you know and don't know then to assume that any process, framework, theory, or person can't be relied on for signal. Daring to have an opinion and daring to be wrong can be just as much of an exploratory process; that, and it sounds less anxious. A lot of people say "nobody knows anything!" and leave it at that. It's more often used as an anti-intellectual tool, or a license to say whatever you want since you've just established that everyone in the room is ignorant. The Gmail app actually allows 3rd-party IMAP connections. I think that politicians generally don't bring a framework of sufficient substance for us to criticize, and it's probably not because of fear of the critique of American voters, but rather fear of the attack ammunition they're going to give to rival political attack dog organizations. Also, a lot of people aren't going to digest the nuances of your framework, which means very little global positive and a lot of room for misinterpretation -- more attack ammunition. It looks like Trump is a stronger candidate for the GOP in many polls: http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/latest_polls/gop_pre... There are a lot of people who mock others simply because they don't know a domain of knowledge. You can bet that doctors also mock those who don't successfully take care of their health, especially fat diabetics. Anecdotally, I think fat diabetics are the favorite humiliation punching bag for doctors. Anyways, the issue that stuck out most saliently to me was the cultural expectation placed upon medical staff to work through any issue regardless of personal life, and what must be a tacit management understanding of the situation. Somebody in management screwed up, and now the doctor is left holding the bag, and this doctor unfortunately feels some responsibility to manage the situation. This doctor is frustrated that the anesthesiologist did not make the same sacrifice, and wanted to tend to family. I don't blame either of them. Kudos to the doctor for holding the bag that management dropped, and congrats for the anesthesiologist who won't submit to exploitive cultural expectations. I wanted to address one of your subpoints, which is that although some landlords in the US deal with renters directly, many turn to a 3rd-party management company. I've had some similar anecdotal experiences in an education franchise, where I've found that it's very difficult to convince boys or girls that math, physics, programming, or computer science is fun or worthy. In fact, I have trouble convincing them that any intellectual pursuit is worthy. Kids tend to enjoy "science" more, but only in terms of what appears to them as fun experiment. When you try to explain anything behind it... it's boring. I'm sure it's similar for the robotics programs popping about. I am also aware that I am just one more adult voice competing for any child's attention, a noise among a chorus of people all with their opinions about what's important. Boys and girls alike question the immediate value of these subjects. They see them as work forced upon them by adults. Like you, I have also noticed that the boys and girls of today, at least in middle class areas, often have touch-screen devices as their first device. Those are just game machines with tons of advertisements. I am sure those companies know that they are advertising to kids. The kids love the ads because viewing it means an in-game reward. But that's an aside. The main point is that these devices aren't an obvious portal to software or technical interest. I have noticed that many schools have a small cadre of children who, by some combination of successful grooming by parents or personal inclination, do enjoy technical subjects and technical mastery. I think at some point, the social reinforcement by that small cadre of children overtakes the importance of parental grooming. While that may have worked with you, I think that approach would sink a lot of kids. Kids need direction because their innate biological scaffolding or propensities could not have anticipated the hotness of some domain of ability. Left on their own, some kids would find learning on their own, and most would sink themselves. I think religion is an even worse example. I'm pretty sure that religious views are better explained by parents than by a child's personal inclination. I doubt the Christian children of America were Christian because of personal investigation. It's so stupid for the government to not realize that if they can slurp up data from unencrypted traffic to businesses, then so can foreign adversaries. How are they so sure that this power leans more to them than to foreign entities? That's an edge against both American businesses and consumers. Question: where do you live? Near San Jose? For a policymaker looking for policy knobs to tune a labor population up and down, I suppose so, although there should probably be some quality filter. How are you so confident that the risks of machine learning are in the realm of science fiction? Machine learning, at least, has the plausible potential to permanently reduce demand on labor by capital owners. Undemanded laborers lose their ability to negotiate or strike as a power counterbalance to capital owners. At the very least, that future is too complicated to form such a confident opinion that the risks of machine learning are in the realm of science fiction. Another interesting set of findings to lop on top of this is that dissatisfaction (diminishing probability x magnitude of reward) can be an antecedent to task creativity, as can mild depression, while mania can be an antecedent for behavioral stereotypy (antithesis of creativity), and manic-depressive types swing in behavioral variability on tasks depending on their state. One interpretation is that dissatisfaction is a problem or environment exploration mechanism, and that behavioral stereotypy is the proper response for optimizing on a stable reward. This has also been found in rats. As you lower tweak the probability x magnitude of reward, rat behaviors become more variable. Different kinds of reward scheduling has also been tested with children suffering from disorders where behavioral variability or stereotypy is a feature, such as autism, with similar findings but no obvious application for treatment. These findings fit with my understanding of an ecology of findings, and I think that criticizing the lack of citations as a way of shutting down conversation is counterproductive. Do you have institutional access? Then searching (or citation lookup) is easy, but most people here don't. The world has varied people, so I wouldn't discount the possibility that you've met people who are more creative and productive during their manic episodes. Free food is also a great way to transfer value to the employee without it being taxed multiple times over. It's an under-the-counter method of payment. Why is Lexmark obligated to retain these workers? Instead of asking companies to exercise morality out of their own decency, I'd rather be sure via mechanism. Lexmark is paying above minimum wage. Isn't it minimum wage that's the problem? Um? You think morality is good enough? The reason why I have rights is not because a document says so, or because my neighbors are regulated by morality. It's because when my rights are violated, a mechanism comes along to enforce. We should depend on mechanisms, not decency. It's like when Ron Paul says we don't need government subsidies in healthcare because in his day, physicians helped people out of decency. Like we should depend on that for policy? Does this mean it's illegal for a company to create a zero-knowledge communication network in Brazil? Or encryption without backdoors? I believe mapping is 1:1 when only the initial indentation is used with tab/space, and further indentation is done with spaces. I don't think you need to focus on all of the academic hoop jumping, most of which is a bit toxic for intellectual development, especially on the English & literature for K-12. Your kids will learn to jump the hoops and hopefully forget it once they graduate. Rather, I would focus on a narrow range of activities, such as only math, reading and outdoors activity (sports / outdoors organization like scouts). The rest of their time would be up to them. If they wish to enroll in more activities, and your income so permits, then so be it. If they wish to meet with friends, then so be it. Too many upper-middle class parents attempt to raise renaissance children, and I've found that most of my peers never really reach anywhere with their rennaisance skills. Their piano is whatever. Their kung fu is whatever. Their Chinese is whatever. Their art is whatever. Yes, art, music, dance, foreign language school, martial arts, crafts, etc, can all be interesting. But there's also opportunity cost. When you're learning Chinese you're not learning math. When you're learning math you're not hanging out with friends. In sum: Don't make a renaissance child. Focus on a few things and give the rest of the time to your children, preferably for outdoors or social time. "Hard science" and "laboratory test" means random selection with random assignment and controls for confounding. What are some quick keywords so I can Google for your claim? I'm not even asking for a citation. If I said something about causal learning, I could point to Patricia Cheng as a keyword to Google. If I said something about dual systems of cognition in economic behavior, I could point to Daniel Kahneman or Jonathan Evans. Point me in the direction where one can find this "hard science" with "laboratory tests", so that I may know these are not toy words you threw around. Thanks for the Judea Pearl reference. It's silly to blame Amazon for what we think is immoral behavior, as if we were going to shame Amazon into decency. Amazon is following the law here. It is the law which is indecent. We must think not about why Amazon is indecent, but rather how Amazon is lawful. In sum, Amazon should be mechanistically compelled into socially harmonious behavior, not shamed into it. I don't think business people care enough about privilege to pay the salaries of software engineers. Software engineers are paid on leverage , their leverage on company profits. The lens of deservance is not productive. I believe that arrogance is failing to play the social game. It's not just an internal state. It may be symptomatic of an internal state, but that's not what people see. People only see what's on the outside. And the fact is that there are all sorts of people with all sorts of internal regard, but there are also between-individual differences in theory of mind. It doesn't matter whether you are Bill Gates, Joe the Plumber, or Andrew Ng. You can always benefit from playing the game. You are never too elite or too rich to play the game. Even if you think you're better than everyone else, as long as you can easily manage an elegant model of public perception, it behooves you to play. So why would someone not play? I think, (1) your theory of mind isn't up to par, or (2) you have contempt for people and an impulsivity that gets in your way notwithstanding your individual and crowd modelling abilities, or (3) some combination thereof. The point of an IQ test is to measure g , or general mental ability. In other words, if a computer can test well on one IQ test, it may also test well on other IQ tests, since it should be general . Otherwise, it's a domain-specific ability for a specific IQ test, which wouldn't be as interesting. If a system could perform generally well, then the implications are astounding. It could imply general analogizing capability. It would also mean AI came way faster than anyone thought. You most certainly do have the right to keep your children away from people, and not just pedophiles, but also strangers, Scientologists, or anyone you wish. Pedophiles also have the right to act within the bounds of the law. I think you're getting downvoted because your prose looks like like noise and emotion. The framing doesn't look like it's aimed for productivity, as opposed to individual emotional expression. People could agree to a cool-headed discussion about cool-headed policy of keeping pedophiles away from children. One may be able to gather consensus for such a discussion. You could also have a cool-headed discussion about keeping alcoholics away from bars, and you could even gather consensus among alcoholics and non-alcoholics. But you are the wrong person to represent any such argument. You sound like noise and emotion. I hope you don't respond with saying, "Of course I respond with emotion! My disgust is just as natural! It's my parental instinct!" I also think you totally miss the point of what this person is saying, and instead your overcharged emotional reaction justifies pedophiles hiding rather than being open. That's a shame. It's a shame because the pedophiles who expose themselves do so with almost no expected gain, but with a tremendous amount of risk and cost. It's not like the emotions of pedophiles become any less problematic if they stay secretive. But by being open, they are more likely to seek instruments of self-regulation, such as therapy. Not all parents lose sight of the fact that their family exists within an ecology of families and individuals. It's not like I'm going to put children in front of pedophiles, no more than I am going to tempt an alcoholic by bringing them to a bar. But I'm not going to allow myself to be overwhelmed by disgust either, so much that I would say that even self-disclosure for a pedophile is disgusting. I can explain to my children my policy and tell them that they'll understand and be able to make their own decisions when they are adults, and I can do so without letting disgust spill all over the place. I'd rather my children understand my reasoning than simply see an unregulated display of disgust. This Steve Jobs style of laconism is not productive speech. It does not arouse reciprocation, and it looks mind-blind to the cognitive cost of sustained conversation. Perhaps I'm wrong, but I believe that nothing can stop the problem that some quantities cannot be finitely represented, but I don't see why rationals are a problem because computers can finitely represent them with no information loss if they treat these numbers symbolically. We only have 0.1 + 0.2 != 0.3 issues due to using an imprecise but fast number representation system. Those seem like minor use cases for disagreement. I'm not sure there should be an education policy or tradition just because our current unit of time is divisible by 12, or just because circles can be represented with the arc degree, especially when a lot of students go on to use radians, even in non-metric countries. And if there's some domain-specific application, like in carpentry, then let those people use their own units. If you're talking about time in the science and engineering domains, you're supposed to represent your quantity using a tasteful unit of your choosing. * Scientists and engineers culturally select tasteful units of their choice to represent time, like 1300 milliseconds or 134 hours... and everything else as well: $1.34 billion or $1.34 dollars, not $1 billion and 340 million or $1 dollar and 34 cents. * When the number representation get too big, people just do X * 10^n where n is a tasteful choice. * In business, days and hours are distinct concepts and should not be mixed together or confused. A person who worked for 5 days did not work 120 hours. * Mathematicians could care less. * Many culturally common units of time are bigger than 12 * 12. * Calculations that are big are working-memory bound. This is the biggest point. Working memory is probably the strongest factor to large and fast calculation of any kind. * The bigger the calculation, the more people tend to 10^n multiplicands with the distributive property, rather than 12^n, since most people work in base 10. Some engineers use 2^n or 3^n (I offer that 3^n is efficient without further explanation). I propose the hypothesis that children who memorized up to 10 * 10 are no more likely to join or do well in the STEM fields than those who memorized up to 12 * 12. You're arguing for the hypothesis that memorizing up to 10 * 10 is going to make a difference versus memorizing up to 12 * 12. In business? In the STEM fields? Actually I did respond to you -- and more. I argue against its usefulness in business and the STEM fields. I'm shrinking the sphere in which your argument is useful. I argue that calculations are working-memory bound, and that common uses of time go beyond 12 x 12. For time, we often go by units of 5, 10, 15, 30, 45, 60, of these only 60 can find 12 as a divisor. You don't get to claim usefulness for all time. For the rest of these units, it's working memory doing arbitrary integer computation for us. If we're talking about months in a year -- what's the use case for fast mental calculation? Is this the little sphere where we say 12 * n is useful? We're talking about a policy for education for all children here. Your use cases sound really limited, if it at all impacts later cognitive performance outcomes. It's working memory that's going to be the differentiating line between "fast mental math" and "busting out calculator" or "punching in numbers into SAS or SPSS". It's difficult to believe that Taiwanese children are going to have trouble versus American children in time based operations, if that at all continues to be a practice under the common core. I can't imagine asking some Taiwanese business man, "Quick, what's 6 * 12 in a business context", and he goes, "Let me quickly grab a calculator." Can you do 15 * 14? I think you can. Why can we do it? Is it because we learned 12 * 12? No. It's working-memory bound. We're doing capricious calculations with distributive property via 10^n multiplicands. How about 24 * 17? I think you can do that too. Why can we do it? Working memory. Not because we learned 12 * 12 when we were little. You're saying that the only replacement at the level of C would be an opaque proprietary solution, but I'm not sure why that would be true. I'm personally rooting for Rust. I believe the right to bear arms has been interpreted not only to mean the individual right to own and operate firearms, but also the right to form militias, or paramilitary organizations. It is unlikely for a paramilitary organization to compete with the armed forces, but in a state where the country is stressed and divided, I don't think the armed forces would stand as a fully united organization. However, while I do concede that my argument is weak, I also assert that it is not nil. It's one thing to say that there are independent studies that demonstrate the validity of your interventions, but it's another to say that there is a current ecology of research and researchers that support your intervention. Can you make that stronger claim? Is there a review article that we can Google? Thank you for your disclosure. I'd say that firstly, these are anthropological case studies without much quantification; there can't be. It's meant to provide rich account or potential insight, and that's how it's taken. Secondly, I think the general professional narrative about those accounts is that those shamans were schizotypal, and that severe marginalization of the schizophrenic population is a cross-cultural phenomena. Every culture has its idea of what is acceptable, including what's acceptable magical or religious thinking (we don't think that Christians who pray to Jesus for cancer relief, whether effective or not, are schizophrenic). But if you step outside of those realms, you will be mistreated. If you tell Christians that you have a personal relationship with Jesus, they'll think that's normal. If you tell them that you actually hear the voice of Jesus, they'll be conspiculously polite but suspicious. I did a quick Google but Zathura is a popular name. Do you mean Zathura the document viewer? Just asking because I've been looking for one. I've only started the read the canonical Go Programming Language book, but I believe that Go also permits shared-memory concurrency, it just advocates for CSP harder. This is a lazy blog post, and I hope this isn't used as a launching point for further discussion. The article in question is many times more substantive, and alexandercrohde rebuts with a caricature and no facts to anchor upon. I'd also say that when people say things I don't understand in a domain that I'm interested in, that's normally a sign that there's a gap in my knowledge. Of course people bullshit competency, but I doubt it's through verbiage alone. Almost all the time, when I later go back to read what people were talking about, I come to understand that they were not bullshitters. In my experience, people who can talk in a complicated way without knowing what they're talking about are exceedingly rare. There are a lot of smart and knowledgeable people all over, and it seems almost impossible to hide behind complicated speech, hoping nobody knows that you're ignorant. People might have a mean attitude of "Either you keep up with the lingo of the field or don't", but that doesn't mean they're bullshitting. And it's better to use an established "25 cent" word than your own idiosyncratic "1 cent" word. I mean, how else is that person going to Google or later verify what you're saying? I don't think "sharing economy" is the right word to use here, since the article focuses its discussion entirely on ride sharing. I think that the population selling timeshares on their home, such as via Airbnb, are in different circumstances. I also take issue with the label of "serfs", because unless you're an elite who works only for aesthetics or personal fulfillment, the rest of California must work to live. Everyone is serving somebody. Only a few elites in society get to collect rent on important life services or materials, which is the implication given by "serf". The relationship between customers and drivers is surely not one described by serfdom. The sharing economy is not the right lens to use for inquiring "why are some people exploited?" If we assume (1) a generally free market where important life materials and services are provided for almost exclusively on the market, (2) that leverage matters in trade, (3) that advantage begets advantage, and that disadvantage begets disadvantage, and thus growing disparity is inherent to generally free markets, (4) that individuals and families begin accumulating debt from the start of life, then I think it's pretty easy to see why exploitation occurs. These are factors, inherent to our market configuration, interacting with each other. Uber and Lyft going away isn't going to make life better for the generalist unspecialized (highly fungible) worker, and if it does, it'd only be a band-aid. My Point 3 means that disparity should only grow. I'm not saying partial solutions or band-aids are bad, but they aren't convincing solutions. Regulations can only do so much for the fact that ride sharing workers lack leverage. A union can also be a partial remedy to the leverage problem, which I would urge Uber, Lyft, and other workers do. Yet, I wonder what good it will do when automation comes along. Hard times are ahead for the generalist worker, and appeal to decency is an inadequate solution. We should speak of the hard mechanisms causing a problem, and we should speak of the hard mechanisms which would convincingly solve that problem. I don't know that much about Canada, but I can accept that giving up assumption (4) is worth exploring, and that Canadians may have substantially less family and individual debt. This should increase the ability of Canadian workers to walk away from a deal, as their need is not as high. However, I would have trouble giving up assumptions (1), (2), and (3) because I think they fairly apply to Canada. While Canada supplies for college and medicine, if the government doesn't supply shelter, food, and transportation, that provides the imperative to work. This means a steady supply of people who cannot easily refuse a job offer, even if it skates by the bare minimum of the law. If you have a financial need to work, and others are willing to take your position, then it's hard to walk away as leverage. I also have trouble dropping the assumption that advantage begets advantage, and that disadvantage begets disadvantage. I think that one is inherent to a generally free market. I didn't include a political factor, and that's a gap that ought be plugged, but the only counter-balancing force I can think of are union-protection laws and progressive taxes, which many nations already have. I think these are good but partial remedies. Fixing industry abuses ad-hoc is a catch-up game where industry will always be ahead. I find it hard to believe that not having an answer about the uncaused causer (no religion can solve that either!), or the meaning of life, or why things exist, or what happens when we die, etc., remotely explains why people are depressed or commit suicide. Where's the connection? I can accept that being a member of a religious organization can have protective effects, not just psychologically, but also socially, financially, or logistically (people can take care of your kids or give you legal and tax advice. But how does that remotely link not knowing the mysteries of life to depression and suicide? Not to mention, religion isn't even able to answer any of those questions. They just tell you accept things. If that's the case, it's not the answer that matters, it's the presence of an authority structure that tells you what to believe so you don't have to make decisions for yourself. Sure, for those people, we can bring structure and authority back in their lives. A social authority can tell you what to believe, where you belong, and what's right and wrong. It doesn't even need to explain anything. It just needs to command authority, because that's what religion does. I find it hard to believe that Christians solve for any of these questions any better than Buddhists or Muslims or Sikhs. The previous poster was trying to make the case that the questions themselves are significant, and as are the answers, not merely that religion tells people to accept and obey. If that's the case, then the secularist world doesn't have to come up with actual answers either. They just have to tell people what to think and do, and then they'll have the authority structure they so desired. It sounds nice to know that when you are born, society has a place for you. They have a job for you. They can tell you what to wear, what dance to learn, and what products to buy. They can tell you how to treat your neighbor, or how to regard the Chinese. They can tell you what the good death is like. Personally I avoid moral and ethical discussion because I think it takes real discipline to create a convincing, general, elegant, and accessible moral framework by which to convince others, and I don't think anyone has a go-to framework yet. In fact, I think having a framework for anything is uncommon and difficult (concurrency and parallelism, cognitive science, causal learning, math). The consequence of discussing without a framework is that we're really just thinking about what we want, and working backward to find any reason for it, unwilling to just say "It's what I want." I've yet to meet a vegan that provides me a framework with accessibility and clarity, and this article is no exception. I don't even have a moral or ethical framework for myself yet, because I know it must be incredibly hard, and I feel like embarking on a search for one would be like wasting one's mathematical career on P ? NP. I'm not a philosophical genius. I'm just a person with feelings. With morality and ethics, it's either you already agree with my values or you don't. It's nigh impossible for me to persuade you in the value of Jesus the Christ. You would expect me to solve some unsolved philosophical questions with clarity and accessibility, and I likely wouldn't even scratch the surface of the problem. I don't think any vegan is about to come out with a blockbuster theory that smashes through the philosophical community, building general consensus. In the meantime, they're just having feelings like I do, and trying to find justifications for them post-fact. Do you already have the same feelings as I do? Great. Now we can make some arguments about achieving our mutual feelings. But I'm not going to pretend that it's some conclusion of a logical foundation. If you're talking about climate change, it seems quite distracting to think about animal suffering. The focus then should be on making food production more ecologically sound. It would also follow that if we make animal suffering ecologically sound, then we shouldn't care as much anymore, and instead redirect society's very finite energy and attention to other issues. This is like when people argue that death penalty is bad because it's so expensive. Then it would follow that their argument becomes disarmed if we make the death penalty cheaper. Somehow it feels like they were really arguing that death penalty is evil, but they came up with a logistical argument. Logistical arguments have logistical solutions. This is a consequence of working backward from a feeling they wanted to justify -- the problem framing and solution are orthogonal to what they really want. If we were to talk about climate change or ecological damage, our focus should really be on energy and pollution from industrial and transportation output. I also think my point stands that I haven't heard of any clear and convincing moral or ethical framework for veganism. You're building a sideways case for climate change. That's exactly my thinking about moral and ethical argumentation. If we already share the same values, lucky for us, we have a foundation to build upon. If not, oh well, let's look for areas we can agree upon. I think moral consensus is successfully used when the right historical moment has come along, and the tipping point has come to the old moral majority. Obama has made a similar point in his recent arguments about gun policy, stating that for some issues, there just isn't the moral consensus to do pragmatic work. The likelihood is that one cannot build a bridge across values, and that values are axiomatic. Either you accept them or you don't. But if you built a blockbuster theory that built consensus in the philosophical community, those effects would probably begin to ripple outward. I think that's incredible work. I think you missed the heart of my discussion. I brought up the "death penalty as expensive" point to metaphorically illustrate the consequences of arguing backward from a feeling, reaching for any argument that would buttress a desire. The consequence is that the proposed framing and solution are orthogonal to what one really wanted to argue -- that death penalty is evil. Instead you find yourself arguing whether the death penalty can be cheaper. I accuse the argument of "veganism helps ecology" the same way, which is a point you summoned first. People who advocate veganism probably do so for moral reasons, because if ecological sustainability were their motivating value, then veganism would probably be far down the list of problems and solutions. Plus, if they wanted to be practical, they would argue for vegetarianism first, and not the hardline of veganism. It becomes suspect to say that ecology is their motivating value, and that veganism is the solution. The likelihood is that the veganism proponent is not emotionally or intellectually interested in a discussion about how we might make animal killing processes more ecologically sound, and would find that discussion a little depraved. Now they're caught in a discussion that they're not truly interested in. Most people just buy their phones without thinking, and would find this encryption debate a little technical. They probably also think that they won't be personally inconvenienced, and that only criminals would be specifically targeted by the authorities. I think only an effortful, informed, and motivated individual would buy their phone out-of-state. Plus, I'm pretty sure NY won't be the only place enacting such anti-encryption measures. Eventually, those who advocate for encryption and privacy will be out of the moral mainstream, and will have a tough PR road ahead of them. I thought that businesses would simply create a NY-compliant version, just like I'm sure they create many variations of their existing products for compliancy around the globe. I also don't expect this to stay NY-specific. This sounds like something that would be generally desired by many nations. Customers need not experience inconvenience if this is done right. There are obvious reasons why the police would actually want this beyond security theater (PR). It actually makes their job easier. I don't know about what's common in UK politics, but striking down the Draft Communications Data Bill is just going to mean it's going to come back under the Agriculture and Rural Affairs Bill as a subsection for the USA. You stop SOPA and it's coming back under the general defense funding bill. You vote against that bill and your opponents are going to mention that you obstructed the funding of the armed forces -- and you did. It's just that there was nuance to the event, nuance that always gets lost when the varying disseminators of information go out to organize votes. That's because you haven't stopped the factors behind the bill. There's a natural bureaucratic motive to being able to control citizens. There are police unions lobbying for this kind of stuff, unions who will make note that you voted against their favor. Reddit got tired of SOPA and CISPA-esque stuff. They probably couldn't convert the PR injury into actual votes that mattered in the states that matter, so it's just noise anyway. Yes, that's rather obvious. I'm pointing out why kabdib's perspective is mistaken. Kabdib makes it seem like companies and politicians are going to botch this, and that we'll soon see these measures rolled back. I'm sure companies and politicians know very well that while you might not be able to organize a get-out-to-vote drive for privacy, you can do so for inconvenience. Compliancy with multiple devices is easy and already done. This response is too terse given the calmness and energy other people have put into their discussion. If people were saying blatantly stupid responses, that's understandable -- but that's not apparent here whatsoever. Google has been penetrated before, and Google has had to comply with government agencies, and legislation has passed legally shielding Google from complying with orders later found to be unlawful. Now you're saying that Google can't be penetrated again, and can be trusted with user privacy. Nobody is saying that getting Google to lawfully turn over user privacy, or that penetrating Google is easy. But Google is a massive organization, and it's not surprising that the USA or China can penetrate it -- lawfully and unlawfully. Your case may have been incidental to a prior version, but while I've observed lag relative to Sublime Text, Atom (on Linux) uses a little over 100 MB RAM and all my cores are at low utilization. I think it's questionable to have an analysis or perspective of the law that principally considers the letter of the law. What people can or can't do follows another kind of law, a subtle law, a subtle calculus. That's the real law everywhere in the world. It's the law in China and it's the law in the US. Can you refuse to show your ID to the cops? Can you say to the officer, "Am I being detained?" Don't just regard what the letter of some document says. Regard the subtle law with the subtle calculus. You don't necessarily need great math to do productive science, but even if you are working in a "soft" field like psychology, strong math is a strong asset, such as in the field of causal learning, where it was found that mathematical models of associative learning doesn't sufficiently account for rats learning (can you do that without math?), or in behavioral variability. Otherwise you're going to be stuck plugging in numbers into a model you don't understand. Also, I think strong intuition is much harder to develop than a strong math foundation. I don't know if you can hard work your way into strong intuition. While people chastise Google's multiple account issues, I would say at least Google has such a thing up to some minimally viable level of quality. I'd also add to the list of grievances that Trello has yet to have a multi-select / multi-edit feature, something I see has been asked for over 3 years ago. One thing that surprises me is that Trello's cards don't behave like cards, whether on iOS or Android. They simply look like cards. You don't swipe them to do anything. You don't multi-select the cards. They're just card-looking buttons that open up a modal dialogue, and they've been this way since the beginning. I find it rather slow or bulky compared to Google's concept of cards. Aside from the fact that it's the young who are being wrecked in employment, there are logical reasons why a company in some area of competition may choose a younger person over an older person. Obviously where experience matters more, companies might choose an older person, such as in a high-level executive position, where I presume most people are older. But experience isn't everything, and g tests have consistently beaten years of relevant work experience as a single-metric predictor of work performance. I don't doubt that you'd want your kernel security team to be veterans, but other companies are justified in hiring young people out of college and having them learn as they go. When it's compiled, isn't the user just interacting with a nice binary? Among languages that compile to binary and have a nice standard library for http requests, I'm not surprised that somebody choose Go. And if you want to talk about portable, I think people would rather work with Go than shell. Not every city experiences the same logistical problems, and for a snowy city, I think it's quite reasonable to penalize people for parking in snow emergency routes. If Washington DC were such a place that didn't historically snow, I would sympathize with the fined. The needs of some city residents to travel for weeks or months without thinking about where they are parked don't outweigh the needs of a snowy city to have emergency snow travel routes. If you wanted to park some place and hope that it doesn't snow, that's both your loss and gain. If and only if a hard mechanism is devised, otherwise unions will do what they're incentivized to do, and that's to protect their own by any means rational. Public shaming is not a sufficient mechanism, and nor is personal morality. If you had restrained your point to the misrepresentative title then you might have built consensus. Instead you lead with a creditworthiness argument, which was your weaker and more sensational point. I also think that desktop vs server are two different domains. The desktop / personal user domain is looking like it's in the early stages of transformation, with mass data collection to support voice search and user intent prediction. While there's something to be said for privacy, I don't think consumers will care enough, and I don't think desktop linux systems outside of whatever Google may make is going to be adequately competitive. This will likely not be a server concern. Engineers probably won't be interested in a service that opaquely collects data and sends it off to remote locations just so that they can say, "Cortana, run the Ansible script to redeploy my API server." But desktop users would find value in saying, "Cortana, move all email from unknown entities to my todo list." That appears to validate my belief that only Google can competitively take the Linux kernel and build atop it a software stack known as a desktop/mobile/user operating system. And if my assertion that intention prediction and voice search will be competitive features for users, features that rely on mass data collection and expensive top talent, then I think organizations like Canonical or RedHat will fall behind in the desktop/mobile/user os space. I think that pretty soon features backed by machine learning and mass data collection, features like intention comprehension and prediction or voice command/search, will be commonplace and hotly desired by users. When that happens, I don't think the Canonical or Redhat will be able to compete, and only Google will be able to create an OS on top of Linux, and open-sourcing won't do any good because the most important services will be behind Google servers. It's entirely possible that Apple takes code or inspiration from the Linux software project, but I think it's better to say that OS X is Unix based . Even if Linux and Darwin hail from Unix roots, at some point, I think they become separate projects with separate interests and fates. What's good or bad for one doesn't have to be the same for the other. When I think of what organizations will be competing on machine-learning backed features like intention prediction or voice search, I think of Apple, Microsoft, or Google. Those OS features won't be inside the OS. They'll be backed by a wealth of proprietary data hidden behind company servers. I think user expectations for what a modern OS ought do will evolve, and I don't think Canonical or Redhat will be able to catch up to Microsoft, Apple, or Google. Eventually, what we think of "Linux OS" will be Android (and if you want, OS X) and maybe some other offerings by these big giants, but the most user-demanded features won't be on the OS. Therefore, Samsung can't just fork Android and expect to compete sans Google, and Canonical or Redhat won't be able to compete either. You can develop your own IQ tests if you want, but chances are any IQ test you create will have a high concordance correlation with other IQ tests, and chances are the predictions you make from your new test will match the predictions of other IQ tests. In other words, it will probably validate the suspected construct behind IQ tests. The construct behind the IQ test is known as g , or general mental ability, as opposed to domain-specific ability. While it's true that repeated practice with a specific IQ test will boost performance, it won't boost it that much, and it won't generalize very well -- that kind of domain-specific improvement is not that interesting. One interesting IQ test you might want to peek at would be Raven's matrices. Raven's matrices involve a 2-dimensional grid of figures which progressively change due to some hidden factors. The goal is to rapidly generate hypotheses as to what factors might be controlling for the figures, and to make a prediction as to what comes next. On an aside, I think that the golden objective of AI is to develop a general thinking machine. Such a machine, when bounded by a goal, would be able to develop its own hardware drivers or make software better than itself. It would be able to tackle a game like Go without fine-tuning by expert Google employees, and that same machine would be able to look at scientific data and develop its own causal theories -- as opposed to a domain-specific Go machine, or a domain-specific Chess machine. In my limited experience using both Go and Rust for hobbyist web scraping, I haven't found either language to have a significant edge in development difficulty. Go's most salient edge over Rust would be in the more numerous and mature libraries. So if Rust is not substantially easier or harder than Go, when Rust catches up to Go in the library ecosystem, I can see why people might want to use Rust. Also, it's nice to have better language support for functional strategies. How is that comment a personal attack? For saying that the Github CEO would hypothetically argue for more money? Other than the Github CEO, who has been singled out for personal attack? There are really no personal details or singling out of individuals here. This comment is low-signal for sure, and smells like a newly minted account to avoid repercussions on a primary account, but banning it for "personal attack" is suspect at best. I think it's a weakness to omit thought and speech of outward appearance. Race for some is more than outward appearance. It's a line of community strategy. It's a shared language. It's shared food. Shared customs. Shared values. There's something beautiful and treacherous there. Race as a social reality exists whether we talk about or it not. Omitting speech destroys a valuable technique for counterbalancing instinct. Omitting thought disarms people from contemplating social reality. $40 yearly is around the paid tier of other like apps, such as Todoist ($30 yearly) or Wunderlist ($50 yearly). While the price may be high, saying it's obscene is an exaggeration of the strength of your case. I have difficulty seeing why gender is such a solid and psychologically important concept, as opposed to sex. Gender is the social layer of meaning attached to sex, while sex is a biological construct. Do males really need a sex change just to play with barbie dolls? Do females need really need to think about sex change just do play with "action figures"? That's an extreme change to make just so you can fit into social roles. Why not just create your own personal identity that involves being female and doing male-typical activities, or vice versa? Hollywood plays with gender expectations all the time, and while there are certainly still gender norms, the lines aren't so clear anymore, and society has adopted the appetite to continually challenge gender norms. And there are barriers that far surpass gender, like the barrier of money. Most men and women don't travel much because of money. Because of your racial identity, you can't easily penetrate any social circle you wish; it's hard to be an anthropological spy. Github serves two major purposes: (1) one is to be a git repository, and (2) another purpose is to be the central meeting ground for discovery and community participation. GitLab can serve for the purpose of being a git repository. The problem is that the more competition we have for (2), the less functional any of the competitors are in serving (2). Given that when Github goes down, a lot of tools and development workflows also go down, I can understand there being a backup repository. But that's not the same as serving purpose (2), that's just redundancy for (1). The same problem exists for Facebook. The more Facebooks there are, the less functional any Facebook is. But in your description, Facebook is simply the mediating variable, not the cause -- the cause is the unpleasantness generated by your family. Fish is the shell I wish I could use, but I'm afraid of the tinkering I have to do to get common tools and workflows to work. What does a 'true difference' mean? (retina screen) => (mediating factor) => ( more productivity / better eyes )? It is so strange to me that OS X has not adopted some kind of Divvy-like solution. Manipulating windows on OS X is a frustration to me. I'm afraid I'm too skeptical to get the same assurances as you. Apple accuses the FBI of playing language games with the term "backdoor", but I think Apple has done the same. The fact that they can push weak OS updates to a locked phone is the backdoor . This means that they can already comply with the court order, and they likely will. This letter covers them from PR damage. The biggest feature that Github provides is its popularity as a central meeting ground for project discovery and collaboration. Some people are only looking for git hosting and don't care about the community aspect, so they could jump ship to Bitbucket or Gitlab. In that respect, if you're looking for a social network to keep in contact with a general group of people, Facebook is the way to go, and not the myriad of smaller sized social networks. If you're only looking for communication with a small group of people who haven't committed to anything, then you could jump ship to Google+ or whatever. Size of community is the salient feature, not the app. While I agree that the NSA acted as intended, I wish to add with a moderately tangential discussion by saying that organizations ought not be viewed under the lens of their chartered purpose, but rather their function. An organization's function is the set of all its capabilities. We should seek to define the purpose of a state entity by limiting its function via mechanism, rather than by hoping for good people to do the right thing. There is no reliable mechanism by which moral people bubble up to the top of power. I feel glad today that the NSA acted in promotion of American interests, but I feel that is a incidental exercise of its many capabilities, and so my feelings are fickle. I phrased too extremely then. Function should be added as a lens of analysis, but I still think that purpose should not be used in isolation because it leads to discussion with moral expectation, rather than functional expectation. I agree with you that people capitalize on events to fit into their political narratives, and I also agree that privacy is not an absolute value, and that tensions between values calls for tradeoffs to be made. But I do believe that calling this a backdoor is proper framing. Apple provided a weak password knowing that convenience often beats security, but Apple also provided a mechanism by which one can have weak passwords and still have strong security via a max-attempt mechanism. It is a circumvention of security features, and "backdoors" are about security, not encryption (which is merely a subset of security). I also think the legal fight is not circumscribed around narrow parameters with predictably narrow legal outcomes. The FBI cites a law from 1789 that says that the court may issue "...all writs necessary or appropriate in aid of their respective jurisdictions and agreeable to the usages and principles of law". It does not sound easy to predict what case law shall determine to be "necessary or appropriate" 5-10 years from now. The thing is that security is a fuzzy boundary, so no amount of case law or statutes can draw an easy-to-understand line between negligent insecurity and acceptable insecurity, and the legal community is ill-equipped to make excellent technological laws. Also, there's no engineering society that censures its members and creates standards or certifications for quality or security, and it doesn't look like engineers are too interested in that. Medical malpractice or unethical behavior are also fuzzy lines, but at least there's a medical association that draws some kind of line, determines standards for membership, and censures its members for malpractice or bad behavior, thereby also improving its public image as a trustworthy institution. Bloom filters are not about depending on true positives, but rather depending on true negatives. This looks like a chain of telephone that leads to exaggeration. There's no need for prose telling us that if we saw the behind-the-scenes of a porn shoot, then we'd never want to watch porn again. That's extremely unlikely. If AirBNB wanted to quantify the risk of porn shoots, then they are in the best position for that kind of empiricism. The rest of us are speculating from very weak intuitions; just a bunch of posturing. Maybe the site is a joke about abuse of statistics, but I wish the data were organized by gun owning individuals vs. gun-related murders. That means our efforts for solution should be directed at a broken system, not depending on companies to donate to infrastructure out of moral decency. That is a brittle solution to a stable problem. Society at scale should depend on mechanisms , not moral expectations . I've been hesitant of Fetch() because of the lack of timeout; has anyone been able to successfully get around this issue? Why talk with a sense of moral indignation as opposed to the lens of leverage? People aren't paid by what they deserve; they're paid by leverage. Do engineers in the US have a professional association or union? It's hard to see the difference between selfish behavior and short-sighted behavior because they're often confounded. What I got from this is that Alloy will consider the deep vs shallow deep copying Git issue, but wants to continue using Git and GitHub as a CDN for a massive user base, and doesn't want to re-architect because developers are expensive and time is limited. The Git deep v. shallow issue just puts a band-aid on the CPU problem, but it doesn't do anything about the terabytes of bandwidth per week (it'll be worse), and it won't do anything about GitHub's claim that Git is not meant to be used as a CDN and doesn't scale well. They've become a big project that warrants thinking about revenue or organization strategy, but they're delaying it by externalizing their costs. Cases like these can pressure GitHub into rethinking the leniency of their policies. I also think that if you're in the top-5 resource consuming group, more sympathy would go your direction if you were a paying customer, but they've indicated no interest. Whatever end is reached, there's no intuitive or trending reason why it won't be any better or worse than not using ad + tracking blockers. The end result of any side winning is simply that they get what they want; it's not going to lead to some tragedy of the commons. Either advertisers get to track people or they don't. Either people get to block things or they don't. Once upon a time there was little attention to these things, and advertisers got to slurp up data en masse. That is still the case, just an inch less so today. Perhaps this is a bit cruel, but I believe in a divided web experience, one which is ad-supported and the masses browse and are tracked, the other which is curated, high signal, and directly paid for. Like with most things in life, you get what you have the leverage to get, and in general that means what you pay for. Scientific literature is run through this way, and I don't think they're hurting for ad revenue. I think exclusivity can protect quality. It's okay to have a paid-for news channel, and a free news channel for the masses, a paid-for Reddit, and a free Reddit. You get what you pay for. Actually, it is the responsibility of any behavioral researcher, marketer, or designer, to extract full value from users as is sound to business short/middle/long term goals. If there are still ads to be placed, still users to be tracked, metrics to be studied, then let it be so. You're assuming that 'good behavior' of users should somehow stay the hand of marketing companies. It ought not. A good marketing company will do everything to extract full value insofar as it is harmonious to business goals -- ad blocker or not, the search for the perfect recipe of ad delivery will march on. Of course, and I believe that the sum of actors exercising fair play in a generally free space will result in interesting market and social configurations. In this case, I see internet content divided in half -- content for those who can pay for it, and content for those who can't. Not all websites should survive. Not all users should be able to experience everything on the internet. "You get what you pay for" is not wrong. Exclusivity can lead to quality. Sure, and I say let the games go on. I am eager to see what emerges. I don't expect the web to be free. I have faith in a process in which generally free actors, within some guidelines, act within a generally free space, and I am eager to see the outcomes of such a struggle. In this case, I see a future where the internet is divided roughly in two -- content for those who can pay, and content for those who can't. A "you get what you pay for" world is not necessarily evil, and exclusivity can protect quality. While this may be nice for the end user, the fact that Opera is in the process of being bought out by a Chinese consortium for $1.2B makes me think Opera will soon block more than ads, and will also track users. I believe that mathematics is just a tall model of implications built from atoms and relations. To say that math underlies everything is to say that we can model things. To say that math is not in something is to say that no set of atoms and relations can account for that something's behavior at a rate better than chance. I think even if we were to accept that some places use tracking responsibly, it's the capacity which could so easily be abused, and so lacking in benefit for the individual, which warrants the blanket use of privacy blocking. Given this, a little more difficulty in "finding the eggs" is a good trade-off, especially since it's not like designers are naive and consigned to random interface choices, and you can actually still do A/B-type testing without user tracking. Otherwise, users have to trust that site owners, out of empathy, will do the right thing with data, and that a broader network of tracking won't occur -- despite that it's totally rational from the site owner's perspective to broadly track users. That strategy is beyond brittle; it's unbelievable. In the case of child porn, I think the bigger reason why it's such a serious crime is because that population will never have political support, and they're such an easy punching bag. They're the group nobody likes. You say that the consumption of images increases the probability of more production, but I really doubt that's the explanation for why things are why they are. I don't know if there's a market for child porn, but if there isn't, that means that consumption of child porn doesn't provide material support for crime. On the other hand, when we buy goods supported by exploitation of both adults and children, sometimes fatal exploitation, we do provide material support to an economic process with a relation to crime. While I'm okay with entertaining a discussion on my moral responsibilities as a market participant, as well as discussion about how global economy ought to work, I wouldn't be okay with criminal culpability because I bought cheap goods or electronics. Does that mean that marathon runners will no longer be in regular use in industry, and be relegated to special events justified in part by aesthetics, and also by audience spectacle? Likewise, if machines can do quality accounting, does that mean that accounts will be relegated to special accounting events, just like there are marathon events, where people come for aesthetic enjoyment or audience spectacle? The point of this article is not that children are more dangerous than terrorists. The point is that terrorism over-dominates national discussion of priorities. Focus on terrorism is worrisome because it kills relatively fewer people than the top national stressors, it distracts the nation in its very limited capacity to discuss anything, it justifies extreme expenditure, and by its covert nature it is difficult to mediate in effect size. Does terrorism warrant attention and expenditure? Yes. But it should get in line behind highly preventable or mediatable stressors like vehicle and gun related deaths. The nation has spent trillions trying to fight terrorism, terrorism that has killed several thousand American civilians in total throughout all years. In response the nation went to war with Iraq, which itself costed thousands of lives on the American side, and over 100,000 deaths to Iraqis. Terrorism has justified massive expansion of executive powers, it has led to opaque operations like extraordinary rendition, torture, and black sites, it has justified mass surveillance, it has led the discussion on privacy and encryption, it has led to new executive departments with budgets in the billions per year, and it justifies the use of secret courts with secret judges and secret warrants. All in the name of fighting terrorists, while severe domestic stressors take a backseat in national priority. On a completely tangential note, I wanted to say that in a system where we expect to probabilistically catch people, a $1000 penalty for a $1000 crime cannot rationally deter people in cases where the crime is "worth" something. You have to charge people a disproportionate penalty to discourage people. On the other hand, a society with omnipresent cameras that catches people almost 100% of the time can penalize proportionally. I think the problem is that while the consequences of encryption on society has enough pros and cons to be gray, the sides that people choose are not at all gray. One side wants a backdoor and the other side doesn't. There's absolutely no way to draw a compromise on that. What does meeting down the middle between these two sides even mean? Law enforcement will always want as much power and legal protection as possible. It's the people who may or may not yield. It's the people who are going to budge on this issue. I also think that the effect sizes on the pro vs. con debate of encryption has been overblown, and that it will be many years before we get a body of literature on which to anchor claims of magnitudes in our debate. That being said, I think that leading the discussion on anti-encryption with discussions of terrorism and child porn is dishonest on its face. They're dishonestly exaggerated in effect size, and terrorism is the worse of the bunch, as the war on terror has costed mountains more than terrorism itself, both in money and in life. Unfortunately, these are often the top discussion points for any encryption debate. I've had the same feeling about the startup speed issue, but with javascript / typescript, I've found that Visual Studio Code occupies the middle in startup performance, and I've found the "intellisense" information to take a load off the mental difficulty of work and memory. So now I use Sublime to make quick edits, but for anything longer, I use Visual Studio Code. As a tangent, I've found httpie to be a decent curl replacement for many uses. https://github.com/jkbrzt/httpie Exponentiation (or tetration) is as much a symbol, it's just not explicitly penned down for brevity. The question could ask for a limitation on operators, but then I think it's outside the scope of the class. But the answer isn't even correct, and it's the bad kind of pedantry. It looks myopic, but with a flair for overgeneralization (an attack on Common Core itself). Unfortunately the answer isn't even correct, and the parent uses this local example to launch an argument against the Common Core itself. You frame the poster as quibbling, but that's exactly what the father is doing, in a way that is both incorrect and pedantic, even if we were to follow their internal logic of using only implicit operators (why not tetration?). Yes, the girl exercised creativity. It is the teacher's discretionary job to reward that creativity. In this case, though, the father is wrong and he myopically uses it to attack the Common Core. That's because the symbolic operator is implied for brevity. If we allowed implicit operators, would tetration be permitted as well? It sounds like a distraction from the class subject. As a testing company, maybe I would advise the teacher to give a discretionary, external reward for creativity, and maybe provide an advanced lecture for those inquiring students, but for policy reasons, people just want to know if students understood the content to measure pedagogical policy. You can either ask students to write an essay (unscalable and contingent on other skills), or you could ask a question with true and false answers. Otherwise we cannot measure the efficacy of pedagogical policy. How is it correct? If we follow her internal, idiosyncratic logic of using implicit operators, then tentration is a better fit answer. There's such thing as a wrong answer, and it's pretty poor ethic to discuss psychology here before understanding someone's argument. I could just as well say that you are narrow-minded for not entertaining my perspective when I have given analysis for yours. Giving an argument about psychology which you don't want returned is bad faith. It shows a lack of regard for difficulty of good faith reciprocity. You're basically arguing that (1) textual questions inherently have more than one answers [care to explain?], and that (2) therefore 9^9^9 is correct [can you explain if you think 100 is correct?], and as an additional tack-on point, you think that (3) operators are fair play as long as they're implicit, even though there's nothing mathematically special about them except for the typography. Tetration is typographically written as the reverse of 9^9^9 on paper. I have already entertained the internal and idiosyncratic logic at play here, that implicit operators are fair game. If that's the case, then tetration is the right answer. Furthermore, the question permitted argumentation, which was refused. Why might 500 be a wrong answer? For the same logic you might use to answer that question, I would say that tetration is a superior answer to exponentiation, even following the typographic logic that implicit operators are okay. Typographically, tetration is the reverse of exponentiation. And I believe I addressed the broadest-perspective point of all -- that this is not an adequate launching point for an argument against the Common Core. It's shrill. Following the typographic (not mathematical) logic of using implicit operators, why would exponentiation of three 9's be correct in the face of tetration of three 9's? Alternatively, why would 111 be correct in the face of 999? If one wants to give an award for clever typographical thinking, then of course the teacher should consider an external discretionary reward. If one wants to bring a lawyer to school to argue from a place of typographic visual logic, please be correct. The Common Core is right to question for the largest number possible with three digits. The Common Core implementation could say, "without operators", but then you'd have to explain what operators are and then not touch upon it again, and that becomes disconnected trivia. Otherwise, "without operators" is just there to stop another incident with a lawyer. Self-efficacy is indeed important to a student's math success and interest. I don't think that correctly correcting a student will lead to unrealistic self-efficacy. I was being charitable by entertaining the logic of visual implicitness, which has little to do with math. And one's self efficacy is a function of more than whether a teacher gives you an almost perfect score, if not for the accurately graded 3 digit problem. It's built by countless complex environmental feedback. I ask why 100 is right or wrong because, in the face of 999, it's difficult to see why it's correct. And yet you think that the exponentiation of three 9's is correct in the face of the tetration of three 9's. The latter is astronomically larger than 999 is to 100, meaning that 100 is not as bad of an answer. In the face of this, do you still wish to make, in good faith, the point that exponentiation of 9's is correct by virtue of typographic implicitness because textual answers have more than one answer? And because exponentiation (and tetration) is just sooo visually implicit it should count as "only digits"? Let's be clear that they brought in a lawyer to argue from the basis of typography. And your last question seeks to clarify the typography of tetration. Maybe I shouldn't have said reverse. It's more like the typographic mirror, except the 9's aren't reversed (I'm afraid you're the miserly and uncharitable kind of debater, so I had to clarify that last bit about the 9's). It's disappointing to me that even though you opened the door to discussion of how I am narrow-minded, that you are so evasive and defensive when I turn the question back, suggesting, how dare I, when I have run afoul by assuming that the young girl exercised typographic thinking? You're being quite uncharitable to me by accusing me of foul or insincere behavior, though I've suggested nothing of that from you, and have responded robustly to your points. At the very least you could assume that we've failed to understand each other, but you instead assume a "willful" dishonesty. I discussed self-efficacy. I discussed discretionary awards for creativity. I also discussed the problem from the young girl and her father's frame of discussion -- the frame of typography. You've not reciprocated with robust response. The pedantry is a point I'm making -- it's pedantry conforming to the pedantic frame they brought up. Tetration is no more the right answer than exponentiation. 999 is the right answer. The Common Core is good here. If you're talking about how the school can skillfully avoid lawyers, then yes, that's the one point I've missed. The school can have all sorts of strategies to skillfully avoid lawyers. If that's the case, for anything which might summon a lawyer, do a cost-benefit analysis and form a school risk-averse policy. Is that the point you wanted to make? If anyone brings a lawyer in to school, admit fault right away, and then go on teaching the same way, because 99.99% of children are going through the lesson just fine. Blogpost and HN moment successfully averted. "Only a very narrow mind will insist on there being only one correct answer." This is the ad hominem that you think as honest and simple. Anyone who disagrees with this perspective will have a very narrow mind. Anyone could think of a trivial example with a clear answer, like, "What's 3 + 5?" And you'd be saying that anyone who thinks there's only one answer to that is very narrow minded. If one permits exponentiation, then one would also permit tetration, because it's the typographic mirror. It also turns the question to one of radix informational efficiency in base 10 to one of typographical misinterpretation. Unfortunately, in this case, the typography is not interesting, because although I say implicit, I really mean "implicit". It's actually explicit. You can consider the the superscript here as functions taking inputs -- not digits, and thus is not a question of radix information efficiency. Machinery is different from operators. We don't need to talk about other radices because digits explicitly means base-10. Algebra is the math of symbolic logic, of objects and morphisms. I am not opposed to symbols, but rather the inclusion of operators. I also mention tetration as a cheeky answer, because I think it's as pedantic an answer as exponentiation. A straw man is a misrepresentation of someone else's argument, and the poster did not say something anything so unsophisticated as what you have suggested. Your argument, on the other hand... This is the parent-level post. There's no dishonest misrepresentation of anyone. The poster also didn't even come close to suggesting anything so unsophisticated as "therefore cyberbullying can't exist in any form!" That is an awful misrepresentation. The paragraph in question basically pushes the conversation toward, "Where are the brightlines?" Maybe I'm wrong, but last I checked, Csikszentmihalyi's research never generated a following except outside of academia like in the media / business gurus. I fear that he's one of the massive names where the attention to his research goes away as soon as he dies. I don't think writing letters to senators do anything. High level elected politicians will likely have access to some kind of political consulting firm that looks at contentious districts or groups with strong get-out-to-vote organization in places that matter. Letters aren't going to fool a political consulting firm into thinking the needle of district opinion has moved somewhere. Perhaps the software workers of America should consider organizing a professional association, just like the AMA? It would have all sorts of benefits beyond organizing political action. I would add to this by saying that I don't think the function of unions is to optimize the economy. It's to counterbalance the dominion of corporations over citizens. I believe you have under-clashed with argument, as if I didn't respond head-on to that point already. (1) If your district isn't contentious, that means the sum of factors aren't of sufficient effect size to care about that specific district. With limited funds, you concentrate elsewhere. (2) Just because there's noise doesn't mean that people's opinions have changed. You're assuming that people's opinions have not already been modeled. Some elected official may suddenly get a flood of emails about gun rights in proximity to some highly publicized event on gun laws. That does not mean that the distribution or magnitude of opinions have substantively changed. (3) Some groups do have negotiating power because they're aware of the political calculus more intimately than the average noise-making group like Black Lives Matter. They're able to distribute distilled information to their members and organize effective get-out-to-vote drives in the districts that matter (meaning they also do not wantonly spend their finite resources). If you don't organize, then you are noise. Organizing is more important than voting (or writing a letter) itself, because part of organizing is dealing with finite resources through the skillful attending to the places that matter, and skillful neglect of the places that don't matter, implying that you can actually deliver on a get-out-to-vote drive when the time (and places) matters. A mental disorder means a stable cluster of symptoms in a population such that it is (1) statistically abnormal, (2) distressful to a degree (clinical significance), and (3) not ameliorated by a reasonable change in environment. Statistical abnormality is one point that is debated among professionals today because some might say that if obesity becomes pandemic, it's still a disorder. Deafness is also an interesting discussion because there are deaf communities now, so a reasonable change in environment is possible. One does not use science to determine if a cluster of symptoms warrants classification as a disorder. There is no inherency in the universe which demands that. Science can set arbitrary statistical brightlines, study the etiology of a stable cluster of symptoms, if it can be found, and then study a range of possible interventions to the distress. Perhaps in the future, mental decline at age 90 will be considered a disorder, because everyone is mentally sharp even at age 100, the mental decline causes a lot of financial and social distress, and it's not ameliorated by a reasonable change in environment. In the past, it's comprehensible how homosexuality was (1) statistically abnormal, (2) distressful to a degree, and (3) not ameliorated by a reasonable change in environment. People want a concept of mental disorder that is "objective". That's not possible. Disorder is absolutely context-bound. The definition of mental disorder is a permanently context-bound construct. There is no inherency in nature or physics which requires a classification of disorder. However, the construct is both useful and abusable. SAT II's are more predictive of college performance on their own than 4 years of high school grades, but standardized tests like these take a fraction of the time, as opposed to years of intimate teacher evaluations. The compromised operational security of these exams don't stop them from being more predictive than teachers. So if we want to retire these tests, then we need something better. What we should really be talking about is improving these tests and beefing up operational security. Whatever is the most performant set of predictive instruments should be used as a factor for acceptance for colleges seeking to optimize on whatever they feel are the "best" students. College essays? Sure, if the instrument is performant. SAT II's? Sure, if the instrument is performant. Grades? Sure, if the instrument is performant. Or extra-curriculars, or whatever. What do you propose are the factors behind test-taking ability between-subjects? I would propose that a major contributor is g , or general mental ability, and I propose it is for that reason that the SAT II's have a non-trivial relationship to college performance, more than 4 years of high school grades. There's better education if you can afford it. There are schools where doctorates lecture the promising young on cryptography. There are schools with great faculty:student ratios. And great psychological resources. Owing to how few of such environments society can sustainably create, I think it would be implausible to suggest that all children warrant access to such limited resources. At the very least, it would call for a rethinking of what % of our employable society should be employed as teachers, and how and where our most elite teachers ought be allocated. The limiting factor is talent, bureaucratic and pedagogical, and money. That just means that we should think about accessibility issues, but for whatever reason, teachers as a whole, despite intimate access for 4 years to students, are still less predictive of future performance than a test developed from afar. * I don't think the desktop is almost dead, and I don't think the conclusion of a trend of growing laptop popularity is that the desktop will wither to death anytime soon. The laptop is a great form factor, and I think that it's simply getting the share of the pie that it's always deserved, but I don't think it deserves the lion's share of the pie. * One reason I think so is that I believe that desktops will have, for the foreseeable future, a better profile of costs over time (serviceability / upgradeability) than laptops, because laptops are basically desktops with a severe constraint for portability. I also liberally speculate that the future maximum potential wealth per individual should decline due to increasing population and a finiteness of materials mined from the earth. * I think the desktop driver situation is fine, but I acknowledge that laptop drivers are a severe issue that isn't easily resolved. Possible solutions would be, instead of installing a Linux distro on a laptop being an avenue to Linux, people may instead buy devices with Linux already installed on it. Even if the driver solution were magically solved, most people don't install a new OS (however easy that might be) as an avenue to a new OS. Another possibility involves more liberal speculation of industry, with a declining diversity of hardware choices by vendors, or an industry protocol. * I think the GUI situation on Linux can be improved, but I also think that distros like Ubuntu already offer a great experience with no command line needed. So many people point to politicians as the problem, but remember the people who keep them in power. Politicians are just people who play the numbers, which is exactly how a republic is supposed to operate. Your statement may be mistaken. The order in which pure functions are applied matters often, but not necessarily. You can think of a few trivial algebraic examples where order matters. f(a) = a + 3 f(b) = 2b f(a).f(b) can have different results vs f(b).f(a) I don't see why your comment is not simply additive to mine. Both our statements are true, and are related to the general discussion. Your statement relates to the most "pleasingly parallel" situations. Mine refers to problem composability. This was the post right before the one we're talking about: >No, no it isn't. Just like you wouldn't expect 2 3 + 8 to suddenly return 22 when you intend it to, you shouldn't expect the order in which you apply functions to not matter.* A reasonable interpretation of the text and the one that follows is that some claims have been made that functional programming provides benefits of commutativity, and that people are disappointed to find no such benefit. I think curation is much needed here, as most of those libraries are unlikely to ever be adopted. I'd also add that the FISA court rubber-stamps almost all government requests. http://www.stanfordlawreview.org/online/foreign-intelligence... While this is probably a joke, I would note that a person is rarely writing for consumption by all demographics. Vampire novels, comic books, chemistry textbooks, all have their audiences, and it is naive to say "but one day the whole world may wish to read my book, I must open the gates as wide as possible", because accessibility is not a free. Don't simplify or complicate your language without reason. To me, morality is based upon a goal and the causal means by which we may have relation to that goal. For many, the goal is approximately similar, i.e., for humanity to prosper. I also think that morality becomes productive when consensus is achieved, even if it's approximate consensus. I don't understand why eating smart animals like cows or pigs has a substantive relationship to human prosperity, except with respect to ecological reasons. If the argument is about sustainability, then I think a lot of people can get into that discussion. But if the argument stems from the idea that we should simply feel bad for killing smart cows and pigs, then I don't understand. I would also say that under my definition of morality, goals are more important than means . Therefore, just as I would think it bad to let a human starve or be eaten in a forest, by extension, if we were to regard "smart animal" prosperity as the goal, then we would also think it morally negligent to simply throw up our hands and say "the wild took its course with that one!". So what is your moral premise? (killing smart animals like cows or pigs) => (mediating factors) => (? moral outcome you're attempting to build consensus on ?) Predicting IED location from social media data sounds like such a brittle strategy. I think that you know that relations with another country are always multifactor decisions, more than the lopsided argument you gave. Web development only moves at fast speeds if you want to adopt the frontier solutions. If you want, you can still use Wordpress or Joomla or whatever, you can still use Bootstrap, you can still use Jquery. These are all optional and have been stable for a decade. A person without interest in web development, such as a scientist who wishes to publish a blog, should be fine with a pre-baked solution like Wordpress. Even if they're comfortable with Python, there's no reason to replicate what "core" Wordpress does, which is no small undertaking. Also, a person working in a field that just happens to use a sprinkle of programming would have to learn a lot of tangential junk just to replicate what pre-baked solutions do, and they would probably do it poorly. It would be better if such individuals just paid for an affordable solution or used something like Wordpress. I think that proverb is not for accuracy, but rather for gentle social relations. Otherwise, a more balanced approach would sound like, attribute a set of factors X to a phenomena Y in whatever way you think is most fit or empirically economical, or better sounding would be, "choose the middle way". That way, you are neither under-trusting nor over-trusting. A lot of people are doing their jobs. Does it make a difference if I pay somebody to be the metaphorical Westboro Baptist Church of government nuisance? Good and bad should be evaluated independently from, "I'm just doing my job here." No, nobody is ever just doing their job. We're all affecting each other, for better, worse, and all gray things inbetween. Some practicing, non-research positions are gated and require a doctorate, such as psychology. Many disciplines don't have a reliable way of predicting professional performance from a simple test, like the actuarial discipline, and I think psychology and pedagogy would be among those fields. So, an employer looking at many undifferentiated candidates would likely choose someone with a masters or doctorate, if not at least to cover their hiring decision if ever questioned. The development of a fast and cost-efficient test would lower the need for credentials as a gateway. If you consider Reddit as a whole, with millions of users, I don't think there's any behavioral change you can institute that will lead to high quality, informed discourse. High quality discussions take hard work, not just in the discussion process, but in all the things that come before it. Also, the information gathered by hard work is often gated. If you are looking for high-signal discussion, then most people in or out of Reddit don't have anything good to say on most subjects. Reddit is the wrong place to look for that kind of talk. Reddit is the right place to listen for community temperature about a narrow range of subjects which communities would be good for, such as user reviews or product discovery. Groupthink is also not the main problem. How are you supposed to have your own individual opinion on a wide range of phenomena -- unless, of course, you make yourself informed via hard work and gated access? So these people cannot be expected to have their own opinion. If you want elite opinion, then join an institution with institutional access to elite literature, and join an academic or professional community. Reddit is fine as it is. It's not supposed to be an elite source of information on a variety of phenomena. It's a place for humor and community discussion. I actually dislike the segment of Reddit users asking for "citations" because unless you have institutional access, then I think that this call for citations is a dishonest way of shutting down conversations. Echo chamber is a symptom of a deeper issue. If you want to have a quality opinion on something, then you need to do serious work on often-gated information. Without that hard, often-gated work, how is anyone supposed to form an independent opinion on something like global warming, models of crime, economic policy, intimate relationships, pedagogy, and so on? So what you're seeing is not the discussion of ideas, but rather the negotiation of clan policy and identity. There's no policy that you can implement to stop this "echo chamber" or "groupthink", which are merely symptoms of a deeper issue: that the antecedents of independent opinion on a wide range of phenomena are simply not there, and that obtaining quality is resource-intensive with non-trivial opportunity cost. A more explicit phrasing of the argument may be that structural explanations better explain a phenomena than unique individual factors, and that the "unique" individual factors might not be that unique. So what you end up punishing is (personal factors) x (structural factors), but we don't get to know how much each weigh. If we're using punishment or removal of a human from society as a way of getting rid of bad social phenomena rooted in bad personal factors, then it's in our interest to punish uniquely bad personal factors, or else common personal factors interacting with a bad situation will continue to output bad social phenomena. Additionally, structural fixes seem to me like lower-hanging policy fruit than throwing a person in jail and subjecting them to severe financial disadvantage. Society's fixes for individual behavior are crude, and quality human resources are extremely finite and being spent elsewhere. But for our emotional sense of justice we look for the high-hanging fruits first. And let's say among the bad personal factors population there are gradients of badness. Why do we seek to irritate that badness by exacerbating structural factors of crime, i.e., by throwing them into an awfully managed and abusive system where they don't get real sustained access to professionals, and why do we financially impair them? What is a person supposed to do when another human tries dangerous things while one is driving? I think the smart move there would be to record the incident and have it reviewed for police, or for PR content. I don't think Rust is the immediate feature, but an attempt to advertise as a predictor of features. Whether one wishes to gamble with these heuristics as part of their decision-making is up to them. The choice to start a new editor in Rust signals to me that this editor won't have as much trouble optimizing for speed as other recent editors, and it also signals that it may be able to hook on to recent Rust energy to get collaborators. To the end user, that potentially means speed and longevity. I don't think the comment associating Xi with NeoVim is that critical. It's more of a quick mental summarize-and-compare that other people would've performed as well when peeking at the project. There are a lot of benefits that people don't need , such as the benefits which are unique to the terminal and somehow not feasible in a GUI. Most people have a work machine that's powerful and can have an editor of their choice installed. Why be constrained to the terminal? Vim is more important as a way of text manipulation than as a specific program, and projects like NeoVim and Xi make Vim-the-way more portable and accessible. I would welcome editors that have a high-quality Vim experience and also have nice GUI features like mouse-over popups of function signatures, minimaps, or whatever a GUI unconstrained by the terminal can do -- rather than arguing for workarounds or why people don't need these features. It seems difficult to get any recent authoritative source on child porn incidence rates. What is the origin of your information? Has there been any academic discussion on the incidence rates of child porn? There are cases where some companies have the business justification to work on writing their own frameworks, like with Facebook. They can use up human resources to really focus on latency at the cost of other metrics. Other companies juggle their priorities differently, and would probably not want to focus their efforts on replacing React, which has a small API, constantly-updated documentation, a team that responds to issues, and widespread attention and thus lots of discourse. I also think the React layer abstracts away complexity, trading total lines of code for cognitive easiness. Some teams have the business justification for doing things their way -- but I think most don't. Speaking elegantly to available observations is different from rejecting the inner world of animals, but a lot of people view the non-acceptance of their view as the rejection of their view. It's just disciplined conservatism, as opposed to the affirmative belief of nothingness inside an animal. I happen to think that class division will become more severe and irresistible, because I think that in a generally free economic game, advantage begets advantage, and disadvantage begets disadvantage. Cosmetics is a cause that justifies itself, an escalation of "arms" that encourages others to race to the bottom in cosmetics spending, a race in which the richest are the fittest. There's no intuition for us to entertain the idea that a world without cosmetics is a world with less happiness or biological fitness, but this world would probably never happen. Space travel, and with it, scientific understanding, space mining, and perhaps colonization, is an abstract thought that goes beyond thinking of local maxima, and that's what makes it deep, as opposed to the cosmetics arms race that is myopic in what it maximizes. That's what makes it shallow. People naturally have many values, and these values often come in conflict. How we resolve these conflicts can demonstrate a direction toward broad vision and aforethought -- or shallow local maxima. Anyways, I don't believe that the underlying point of cosmetics argument is about cosmetics. I think it's about the activity of moral posturing, as opposed to a sincere moral commitment toward moral results. Perhaps I just had an odd copy, but I'd note that perhaps you might wish to have slightly darker ink for this book. It's hard for me to believe that he's backing out of his promise to provide stronger evidence because the pressure is too much, because the pressure of being known as a fraud is a lot worse than being known as an inventor. I don't believe that's why Christians abhor sex. I think it's just that they were raised in a sex-anxious environment, and they've come to proliferate that internal response to sex. I think they have an internal feeling of right versus wrong, and then they seek out belief structures that justify their feelings. You're saying that you think Christians don't feel anxious about sex because they are taught to abhor sex outside of marriage? I think that is a weak reframing of the breadth of sex, and that sex for the supermajority of American people, in and out of the church, is pre-marital. I think young Christian boys are taught that sexual fantasy and pornography is the same as adultery, a defilement of the temple that is their body. I think one example that's brought up along these lines of narrative is a story of direct divine punishment for the spilling of seed. I think Protestant and non-denominationals with sizeable youth groups form little sexual discussion groups, especially for boys, where they vent their sexual guilt with regards to their fantasy of the day or how they masturbated. I think American Christian parents are ever anxious about government discussion of sex, and that they backwardly expend finite energy to make it a political battle point. And I think American Christian culture is as much about the implicit as it is about the explicit. But somehow your choice framing of the discussion is that Christians don't feel dirty about sex because they are explicitly taught that only sex outside of marriage is dirty. Young boys and girls in the church learn the anxiety of the community and their parents first , and then they listen to the belief structures to justify that anxiety. A straw man, by the way, is a misrepresentation of someone else's discussion, and not actually a logical fallacy at all. It is by definition outside of logical purview. Most people would be better off not ever hearing about logical fallacies, because it gets in the way of quality thinking. Anyways, I want to make one last point about American Christians expending their precious, finite energy in politics. I say that there are 3 high consensus Christian political issues in America, in order of strength: (1) abortion, (2) homosexuality, and (3) sex education in school. The latter is the weakest, and mostly in state-level politics, but there it is brutally fought. Notice the theme of these 3 issues? It's really kind of silly that these are the highest consensus issues for American Christians. Um, not poverty, right? Or injustice in the police system, and classism and racism in America? Yes. Let's discuss abortion, homosexuality, and sex education in schools (condoms detract from abstinence!). As per reciprocity, terse lazy insults warrant the same in return. There are many tasks that machines do today that humans will never outcompete again, and they do it at a superior intersection of benefits and costs. Using a heuristic like that is too lazy and brittle here. What consumers want is a combination of product or service (1) database, (2) curation by category + quality, (3) recommendation, and (4) discovery. As an odd category, there may also be product sponsorship, like with Kickstarter. Advertisements suck at all of these. But what is the conservative perspective? Have you checked out the party platforms for conservatives for major states like Texas? What are the most oft-used conservative, energy-tapping, get-out-to-vote talking points? Conservatives are now the minority of this country, but due to bad districting, they have disproportionate electoral power. And you know, it's not like the GOP needed to be enemies with the scientific community, but that's how they've positioned themselves. The conservative narrative is: scientists lie about global warming, fracking, coal, and other ecological points. Scientists lie about homosexuality. Scientists lie about the efficacy of abstinence, and they lie about condoms. I think conservatives have been toyed with the GOP repeatedly, and I think it's no coincidence that the GOP is having a crisis, and I think it's both surprising and unsurprising that Donald Trump barely plays the Christian card. The top and only Christian consensus issues are (1) abortion, (2) homosexuality, and (3) sex education in schools. Distracting issues. I think Clinton's main social points in terms of get-out-to-vote issues are abortion and immigration. I don't think Gays, Guns, and God are get-out-to-vote issues for Sanders, Clinton, or Trump. Those votes aren't easy to secure for these candidates. My point is not that Democrats or the GOP have social issues as part of get-out-to-vote drives. My point is to look at the content of the GOP points, whether on scientific policy or social issues. How are you evaluating tool fitness here? The ultimate criteria for fitness are organizational / business goals, and that business or organization may have to juggle various constraints. Electron offers extra flexibility for businesses to make tradeoffs on app performance and size versus engineering cost, and that's its most important value. At first glance, Electron apps should be more maintainable, not less , because it's one toolset for multiple platforms, which should translate to faster development time and less total cost of maintenance at the tradeoff of app performance and size. Also, whether an app is difficult to maintain ought owe more whether (1) you have multiple diverse codebases and toolchains to maintain, and (2) that you have a disciplined engineering strategy. Again, whether or not Electron is the right tool for the job is a business decision based on business constraints. I wish to go on a slight tangent and offer Visual Studio Code to your comparison, because while it's still slower than Sublime but faster than Atom, it also offers unique features that I predict won't be replicated by Atom / Sublime for awhile, if ever. I don't think download speed is that much of an issue, whether or not you have good internet service, because I think people are willing to wait a little to download an app. The issue is more app size on modern computers that come with limited size SSD's and steep upgrade tiers. I also find Visual Studio Code's UI to be lacking in some ways, like the lack of some editing hotkeys or tabs. The reason why I'm pulled between Visual Studio Code and Sublime is because while Sublime is easier for me on some editing tasks, I find the "intellisense" feature to be very helpful for Javascript / Typescript. While in this case the backdoor may have been deliberate or accidental, more generally, Hanlon's razor is a heuristic for harmonious social relations -- not truth-seeking. Are you guys going through the nonprofit or the academics pricing? This article clearly states that it does not support total aversion to programming. It simply says that programming isn't for everyone. Music is actually a good example to discuss because, while you're playing piano, you could've been playing tennis. While you're playing tennis, you could've been in art class. While you were in art class, you could've been hiking with friends. While you were hiking with friends, you could've been doing more math. While you were doing math, you could've been reading literature. These things are not for everyone, and that an activity has value is absolutely inadequate in proposing a global prescription for children. I can see a place for civics, economics, exercise, biology, history, math, science, and English as global prescriptions for young people, but programming is far less obvious. You are speaking only for value of something, when I was talking about weighing value when burdened by constraints. I gave a list of valuable interests, but I noted the problem of opportunity cost. So the question is not "should we have dance" in schools, but, "What do we cut? What do we downsize? How about exercise or history?". Alternative, "instead of programming, how about statistics and personal finance?" These are far more interesting questions, because these questions acknowledge constraints and weighing. If we didn't have to exercise constrained thinking, we mind as well say, "let's have it all". Saying that programming is at the intersection of so many subjects is unrealistic, and the same could be said about math, physics, or statistics, and I'd say that statistics and personal finance are far better candidates if you had to somehow squeeze one more thing into school at the cost of something else. The reason why software exists at some intersection with another discipline is almost always statistics. Statistics, then, is the most flexible gateway to numerous disciplines, and software is the tangential detail to statistics. The scientist exercises experimental modelling, collects the data, and inputs it into an excel sheet, and imports it into the university software suite. And this is the right level of involvement between a scientist and software. The scientist is rightly not interested in the details of software. Nor the physicist, or the student of history, literature, or the exercise enthusiast or the musician. These people are all very justified in throwing money at the problem for a prepared solution, because software is the detail. Tipping is not a good tool for a customer to exercise influence over a transaction. If the exchange is anonymous, then tip cannot influence future interactions with the customer. If the exchange is not anonymous, then any attempt to punish with tip basically means you shouldn't go back to that restaurant again, because people are going to interpret it in a very hostile way. One thing that has me switching between editors is Visual Studio Code's multi-file code information feature, or "intellisense". It's especially awesome for types. Another thing is that I find that Atom's syntax highlighting is sometimes better. I think both this criticism and its parent are too quick to judge because the website says "coming soon", but your comment just veers it off to a neurotic direction. At worse, they got revealed too soon on internet forums. Also, a little random anecdote doesn't help. It's intuitive to believe that most web developers use OS X / Linux, at least inferring from the fact that developer tools like Node or Vagrant came to OS X / Linux first, if not Linux first. There is a term called "global care chain", coined by Hochschild in 2000, that describes the migration of poor families to rich countries, and the outsourcing of childcare labor to poor families. Now it has budded into a rich area of academic discussion. Also, anyone who has participated, even just as a customer, in the child care / afterschool education / extracurriculars industry, can see some the ways that parenting logistics differ from family to family. Knowing whether something is illegal ahead of time, and the rejection of retroactive judgment and thus capricious power were supposed to be innovations of western law. But the reality is that government does what government wants, and justifies it post-fact. Peter Thiel is not directly damaging Gawker with his money. He's doing so via the intermediary of the justice system, where for whatever reason money has relevance. Peter Thiel is just incidentally throwing his money in this direction, but that money has a matter in justice is not the doing of Peter Thiel. I don't think the tech community is deflecting criticism. As a minority voting group, what are they supposed to do about the problem? The limited supply is not their fault. The refusal to bid in the market would be a meaningless self-sacrifice. The lack of healthy leverage and organization by workers in other industries have nothing to do with tech workers, who, again, are a minority power in politics. So you're saying that tech has been a major political player with respect to housing laws? If anything, restrictions on housing supply hurt tech companies who wish to import workers to their area. Restrictions on housing supply hurts everyone who isn't a landowner. If you're saying that a few tech elites are players in politics, fine, but that has nothing to do with the rest of the world who aren't elites. It's almost not worth mentioning that elites everywhere are players in politics. The rest of the tech world are not creating organized vehicles to channel money or votes (unlike teachers or firemen, who do organize). They're just people participating in the housing market. And whatever tech elites are doing, they don't look like they're winning the battle to up supply on housing so they can import more employees. What's the reason that money from employees of one industry are displacing workers from another industry? Because workers in that other industry lack the leverage to demand more wages that keep up with other industries, because housing supply is limited, and because population is growing. I speculate that Ansible choose YAML under the premise that it would lower the barrier to entry as opposed to a real language like Python or whatever. That would be nice if everything were just a matter of configurations, in which case YAML would be just as good as JSON, if not better. The problem is that because people want logic, Ansible ended up introducing an idiosyncratic YAML-templating language that's not actually YAML or anything else. Now people write large system deployment scripts in this weird YAML that I don't ever want to look at. JSON is the example, not the prescription; JSON is just a widely used format for arbitrarily nested data. You can use Javascript objects (or Python dictionaries) if you want. Again, this example applies for the scenario if Ansible playbooks were only configurations . If it were only configurations, then fine, let's go with readable YAML. If Ansible were playbooks with only configurations, then even XML would be okay, because in the sum of all pros and cons, this would be a tiny factor. The pickiness of quotes and trailing commas is really whatever here. But instead Ansible playbooks use a "readable" YAML-ish language. The price is not right. I'm not entirely sure, but from my reading: * There were two major questions, one was about copyrights, the other was about patents. * I think that the district court believes that names and short phrases are not copyrightable. So the court excluded API names and class and function headers from the question. So a question that was left was whether the structure / sequence / organization of API's were copyrightable. * The court doesn't hold that the structure / sequence / organization of API's are uncopyrightable, just that in Oracle's case it wasn't. * I think the jury found minor copyright violations (9 lines of copied code and tests that weren't shipped in production), and I believe Oracle and Google settled those matters for $0. As a detail, the court noted that the 9 lines of copied code was written by the same person who was employed by both Sun and Google. * So the remaining question was on patents, and the jury found that Google's implementation of code underneath API calls were original. * The court phrases legal questions for jury consideration very precisely as an itemized checklist for the foreman to tally up unanimous consensus, which is left blank if the jury deadlocks. The first jury deadlocked on the most important question of fair use, and the second jury unanimously felt that Oracle did not make its case on the structure / sequence / organization. I believe one argument about structure related to whether the structure of names (which themselves cannot be copyrighted) were due to external factors of compatibility or industry expectations. The author is trying to say that Oracle is trying to say that they feel the GPL won't offer them sufficient protection, so they won't feel like using it anymore. From my reading, the names used for the API weren't copyrightable because copyrights didn't cover short names and phrases, so the remaining major question was whether the structure / sequence / organization of the API is copyrightable. There was like a multi-prong framework for viewing whether use of the structure of API was fair use, and I believe one argument rested on whether the copying of that structure related to external environmental factors like industry expectations. Another important aspect of the ruling was that copyrights were not meant to enforce monopolies, but rather patents were, and on the patent question the jury found Google to have written original classes and methods underneath the API. Yes, and that they aren't giving enough discussion to the universe of situations and whether given that universe, the trade off of feature inclusion or exclusion is worth it. There may be a fitter initial frame of discussion for language policy than focusing on your situation. At the very least, if you argue broadly, then you should give a clue about why you think your case is a sufficient proxy for the general case. As a quibble, I would say that Visual Studio Code is unique in its own right, and not for any of its code editing features (which is comparatively lacking). It's a simple editor with a killer code insight feature. I have a feeling other editors will have difficulty replicating this feature. As Jide is a Chinese company based in Beijing, and as their OS is closed-source, I cannot see the means by which they can honor their statements on user privacy. I believe they simply don't possess such prerogative. An entirely legitimate concern if you're in an EU member state or a place with superior protections. While the EU may look at the US and think of how they have much better protections, both the EU and the US can look at China and see a difference of magnitudes. The standard EULA for companies operating in China already speaks volumes. I think a more on-point rebuttal would give us examples of flexbox-specific bugs. I don't think the problem is the fact that Peter Thiel tossed money in the direction of a lawsuit. The issue is that money matters in justice, and that Peter Thiel coincidentally put his money somewhere did not make this so. People are focusing shame on Peter Thiel today but that's the wrong place. There will always be rich people. Main discussion here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11825084 I don't like moral expectations, because I feel that it competes with precious narrative-time in public discourse with something far more interesting -- hard mechanisms . I believe in a policy / mechanistic fix of the importance of money in the judicial system, rather than spending time shaming one Peter Thiel. I don't like moral expectations because it works like a black box, which I would be okay with if only the results weren't so lacking and unreliable. When discourse is constrained by limited resources, I prefer to speak of mechanisms because I feel it has a more plausible relationship with moral results . When I'm one on one with you, then of course, we might discuss our moral framework and expectations, standards which may go far higher than brute mechanisms. I don't see why paying people less would lead to an improvement in love, family, being a good person, respect, transparency, etc -- unless you're saying that due to pay difference vs market, you'll also expect less work out of them. And money is rarely the actual motivator. Often times, money is the mediator to the things that really motivate people, such as purchasing daycare and enrichment activities, splurging on medical care plans, financial security, etc. He did not even slightly mention the frame of optimal traffic distribution. He's talking about whether roads belong to homeowners. Optimal traffic is your frame of discussion, and then you go off talking about how tech people model human systems as factories. It is worth framing this homeowners Waze sabotage as a NIMBY problem, because if the cars aren't being routed through their neighborhood, then it's being routed through someone else's neighborhood. The consequence of unequal distribution of traffic burden means that some people shoulder more burden because they lost in some conflict or competition, whether that's the war of politics or not having enough money or whatever. There should at least be the empty-handed gesture of discussing why other (poor) people should shoulder disproportionate burden. If people aren't discussing a substantial global reduction in vehicles, a revolutionary new transportation method without the same issues, or a decline in US population that outpaces growth, then they're talking in code about pushing the problem to somebody else. What that means is the problem is going to be pushed to someplace else, normally to a poorer place. If areas of living aren't shouldering equal burden, then some other neighborhoods are shouldering disproportionate burden. That's the symptom of NIMBY. If we aren't talking about (1) a new transportation method without the same issues, (2) a somehow substantial decrease in cars, (3) a decline in US population that outpaces growth, then we're probably talking either about how to shoulder the problem equitably, or how to push the problem to another neighborhood so you don't have to suffer. People travel in great numbers over long distances almost entirely for jobs. People travel in great numbers over long distances because of an imbalance between their pay and local living expenses, like with San Francisco or Palo Alto. The urban planning that would be necessary to slow down but not stop the rising tide would be one that makes property access closer to egalitarian ideals, so that the San Francisco or Palo Alto worker making $60k can also live there without driving far. Homeowners would rather experience more traffic / a battle with Waze than see property prices drop that much. The egalitarianish access to property is an even worse proposition for them by magnitudes. People enjoy echo chambers and they like intuitive morality -- where their intuitions naturally judge themselves moral. People have the prerogative to associate with whomever they want in real life and on Facebook, and people have the prerogative to engage in mutual communications with those they wish. That means people have the prerogative to create their own bubbles, which exists as much online as it does offline. This is the product of the sum of free choices, not the people who work on the iPhone or Instagram. The tech industry simply made it possible for people to communicate cheaply and easily, but technology workers do not own the tech industry, and they do not own the media industry. The technology community is numerically tiny and disorganized as a voting bloc. They don't even have a union, or a professional association like the APA or AMA, which are known for their lobbying power and organization. And most importantly, they are not owners . They do not own the handful of American media empires. It is not their prerogative to select which talking heads will show up to which distribution channel. That is the prerogative of Rupert Murdoch and friends. So when is there going to be the American Technology Association to build consensus and look for channels of influence? rtruin's argument is an intuitive assumption that the same causal factors for other like companies are also present in Facebook, which sets the frame for discussion -- what factors lead to the diminishment of other networks, and why is Facebook resilient against those factors? You may be identifying that young people set trends and thus the growth rate of different social networks, and you may be arguing that Facebook is resilient because they can buy out companies. But so can Microsoft, Google, Apple, MySpace, or Yahoo. That power is not unique. One might also say that young people who join some social network like the peculiarities of that network, and so it behooves the parent company to keep that acquisition fairly independent in brand and experience. That means the existing strength of your platform might be a non-factor to the future success of WhatsApp or Instagram. Why explain his heritage through luck? It's not like there's a repository of souls that's randomly drawn upon everytime someone has a baby. Luck doesn't describe a causal world with a bit of noise. It's because of the historical, and thus causal nature of the distribution of opportunity that we might have concern over the distribution. But if we re-rolled the dice, it's not like the asian couple from around the world is suddenly going to have a caucasian baby. You being born where you were was a confluence of factors operating in a causal framework with some noise. A re-roll isn't going to make you a Hilton family baby. Also, what a person is entitled to is a matter for society to determine. Society creates a construct that it feels is a wholesome lens or boundary, then it creates the structures to enforce it. There is no natural right to anything, including property, life, or even death (some states forbid you to choose your death). Society determines that property is useful, creates a structure to enforce it, and voila, you are now entitled to property. I think that if a state desires to engage in a cyberattack, there's really no way you can pinpoint it back, because there's no evidence to show why a hacker on a Chinese IP is associated with the Chinese government -- unless you're depending on sloppiness. It could be a private industrially motivated actor, it could be the actions of someone looking to embarrass the Chinese government, or it could be some nationalist. The US can say "shame on you" because they feel they have enough evidence to support a narrative, and China will say, "How can you engage in such irresponsible rhetoric?" The Chinese government will condemn rogue criminals and perform a cursory investigation and that will be the end of it. And then all countries and all companies in the world continue operating as usual. No political consequences. All nations understand it. The leaks at Palantir might not be connected to a single source, but rather a cultural issue, and thus multiple leaks. Having the special talent to track down hacking threats and actively patch problems is different from the ability to wonder whether your next information release is going to be leaked through non-technical means. Finding the leak is going to involve assigning different truths to different individuals (like what Hollywood does with film previews), which will itself lead to more cultural issues. If a company sends out communication to a group of authorized employees, then presumably they all accessed the documents -- as they should have. In the case of a security test, presumably many people were made aware so that they could improve their security. Who among those employees leaked? You can only know by access if that information was sufficiently isolating or unique. When the police and justice system collects information about clothing, sexual history with defendant, alcohol and other drugs, they do so because these are legally relevant facts to establishing a narrative that's otherwise often too lacking in material basis. The police and justice system wish to know these facts so they know the strength of some legal narrative and what counternarratives can be supported. Wearing sexy clothing fits a narrative of consensual sex. Sexual injuries fits a narrative of sexual assault. Drug use damages the credibility of any party. Prior relationship with defendant can fit narratives about the likelihood that someone might agree to sex. These are facts that defense will ask, and it's best for the prosecution that the police ask first on their terms to control the progression of fact discovery, as opposed to letting the defense ask first on their terms. Why not be interested in what the man was wearing? Maybe because the prosecution, in anticipation of defense strategy, thinks it won't matter. The job of the police is not to act as a neutral 3rd party to the justice system, proportionally investigating claims on the strength of their merits. The secondary job of the police is to set up cases for the prosecution, even if it's unfair to the defense. The primary job of the police, and any agency, is to establish its own credibility, robustness, and scope as an agency. Note that I am speaking descriptively, not prescriptively. If the prosecution, in anticipation of defense strategy, believes that what a person is wearing, among a collection of facts, may be utilized by defense, then of course it's to prosecution advantage to have the police ask first on their terms, as opposed to letting the defense ask these questions on their terms. That way the police and prosecution can control the progression of fact discovery. It's because prosecutors understand factors to legal victory that clothing, drug use, prior relationship with defendant, and other things like that are relevant. Speaking descriptively, the job of the police is not to act as some neutral 3rd party of justice and investigate all claims of the truth in proportion to their merit. It is the secondary job of the police to set up cases for the prosecution without regard for defense interests. It is the primary job of all agencies ever to manage organizational credibility, robustness, and scope. It's not an error by police to ask about drug use, because it's the police's job to control fact discovery while setting up a case for the prosecution. The prosecution cares about drug use because they're trying to evaluate the strength of defense narratives. Imagine a situation where the government doesn't ask first, and instead defense asks first on their terms. That's incompetent. I feel like this kind of attitude belies that everyone has a different idea of obvious, and that this kind of self-assured confidence is what froze geometry until about 100 years ago. Realizing that axioms were switches to be turned on and off to generate new structures that may or may not be useful was an important step to abandoning the most obvious and intuitive truths of geometry. Thus geometry has no concept of true outside of axioms, and true simply means internally coherent. Outside of formalization, "obviously true" is the hindrance of confidence. I don't think leaving the EU is going to change a pattern of extreme concentration of power and money toward elites, and a few mega-corps dominating every single market, nor the tight relationship between megacorps, elites, and government that is present everywhere to strong effect. That is a global trend for every major nation, and the factors behind a pyramidal society are not obviously being negotiated with in any meaningful way by the UK, Americans, or the Chinese. This is simply the structural propensity of an economic and political game where strength begets strength. It's only stupid for companies to be conglomerated from the perspective of those outside it, but it's to the interest of every entity to hold monopolyish power and bully the small. The rest of the nation or world may feel that monopolies, cartels, and conglomerates lead to more harm than good, but I think it's locally rational for power and money to concentrate into a few decision-makers. I think researchers have a clear distinction that populations are an altogether different phenomena than individuals. This is something that the public often confuses, as demonstrated when somebody rebuts a statement about population attributes with a personal refutation. This is a failure to argue on the same phenomena. Researchers are also aware that personality changes population-wise with age, and also that individuals also experience personality changes -- but generally not in a medically interesting way in the sense of a reliable and precise intervention to effect positive changes. I'm also reminded of studies on the transferability of personality traits with adopted children (no significant correlation! amazing! same correlation with biological parents compared to those children raised by their biological parents), or reared-apart monozygotic twin studies, or reared-apart dizygotic twin studies, and so on. The collective portrait of many data points suggests a set of stable biological factors to personality, as opposed to personal experience. I don't think the US news media works that way. I think that the news media makes every person feel that they are the sensible person of non-extreme nature, and that to the sensible person their views are so obvious, and that other outside people are hostile and ignorant. I don't think anyone would tolerate even 5 whole minutes (!) of mockery from their favorite news distributors. I also think most people aren't looking for news, but opinions. They want already-respectable sounding narratives that they can adopt themselves without spending any effort. So no, I don't think religious people of America watch in pain as their news distributors, represented by a few faces, mock them for their stupidity, but I do think that news distributors sell a very poor-hostile message to poor people as part of an aspirational twist. You aren't the lowest, you're actually kind of normal, but elites have been stepping all over you. But the people below you, those are the losers, and those people don't deserve help because they're lazy, they're drug users, they're impulsive, they're unprincipled and selfish, they're Godless, and if the government gave them any help they'd spend it all on drugs and having 6 babies. You can just picture that dirty-faced skank with ultra-short denims and a tank top, an utterly unkempt look of unabashed poverty, with her no-good boyfriend. She probably votes Democrat all the time because if the government gave her a handout, hey of course she's going to vote for them, the Democrats are basically buying drugs for her. (to be read in the voice of a younger Rush Limbaugh) I mentioned a few studies, but worded them poorly, but I wonder what you think about the fact that there's no significant correlation in personality traits between foster parents and their adopted children (fascinating, no?), and that these children have the same correlation with their biological parents regardless if they are raised in the same household or with foster parents. Shouldn't the unique experience of an entirely different household have some effect on personality? One of my subpoints was that what you call "mass" media is not that mass, but quite segmented and self-selecting, as are friends, and I also think that political belief and frame tend to be passed down through family. I propose that it would not be a miscarriage of democracy for the UK to reject the referendum result, because the referendum was non-binding to begin with. This is not the same thing as California's proposition process, which is not a suggestion to legislature; it is part of the legislative process itself. Also, the UK does not have a democracy. They have a parliamentary democracy, which means they believe that elected experts or elites can decide matters better than popular votes. If elected officials feel that their careers are worth sacrificing for the good of the country, that is in lawful keeping with the boundaries of their parliamentary democracy, just as it would be just for the people to vote out their elected officials if they feel that would be a superior decision for the country. I feel that it's reasonable to expect that Russian, Chinese, and EU members are tracking American activities worldwide. It would be a failure of their various institutions to not track and influence nations and institutions with world-relevant power or influence. This includes both monitoring and more aggressive attacks. I also feel that as an individual person, I have no defense against this, partly because it's generally easier to attack a system than to defend it, partly because of the asymmetry of costs in defense vs attack leading to the lack of business or personal justification for effective defense spending, and partly because electronic monitoring and attacks are difficult to investigate by their international nature. So if American institutions discovered some attack, they would release the information with proper political timing to influence national narrative, thereby inflating their agency importance, or it may further some group goals, the news media may proliferate and bark about it, and no national administration, including the American one, would be surprised at all. It would not update anyone's view of the world in any way. Do legislators not possess primary responsibility for their own actions? I still don't find your perspective persuasive because I don't see why I'm not any more of an individual at risk when another human hits me, and society won't hold that human liable due to absence of mens rea. Many people get hurt or killed in a situation with no criminal element. I don't see how it's any more or less personal if I'm maimed or killed by a machine versus a bounded human mind. I also don't care to blame either, because I don't see why blaming the one person who hits or kills somebody I care about is going to protect the next person who gets hit or killed. Moral blame of the stressed cognitive system seems so useless and self-indulgent. Is it less creepy if a caring mom or dad of 3 boys maims or kills me? Is it interesting to the victim that hypothetical Joe the Dad expresses remorse over the media and then business goes on for society as usual? What matters to me is that less people get hurt or killed from preventable accidents (the simple-minded utilitarian perspective that does not weigh rich vs poor, young vs old, but just wants less people dying), because I understand that the next anonymous individual getting killed by either Joe the Driver or a Google / Tesla Car could also be me or someone I care about. So I really do care about the numbers. The utilitarian perspective actually establishes a negotiable definition as its goal and it discusses the relationship between means and goals -- a position to talk about, disagree with, and measure. Discussing how over 30,000 people die a year through the lens of Driver Joe, Dad of 3 Girls, is the same as discussing economic disparity through the lens of Plumber Joe, and it's a game that media and narrative elites play better than you, and can swing in any direction they want -- they can say, here's Plumber Joe, now support my economic narrative, whatever it is, because it helps Plumber Joe (does it? who cares about creepy data-backed perspectives?). I feel that citizen decision-making improves with basic descriptive statistics over Plumber Joe, but they really prefer discussing things in terms of Plumber Joe, or in this case, Driver Jane, Mom of 3 Boys. Luxottica owns many things, but the most important thing any company can own are distribution channels. Then you can just refuse to sell your competitor's goods. There's free will as in a decision-making system that generates different options and selects one based on constraints, which is something a computer can do, and then there's free will as in the ability to defy the mechanics of one's biophysics, which is just an indirect way of saying metaphysical soul. I don't think empiricists can even discuss the kind of free will which defies causal explanation, the kind of mind which exists outside of the brain. If you reject that kind of metaphysical soul from the discussion, what remains is whatever soul can be housed in a cage of biophysics. And whether you believe there is fundamental randomness in the universe, or whether given perfect information the universe becomes predictable, both perspectives are equally hostile to the kind of free will people dream about. People who talk about free will want to escape biophysics, and the only way is to talk about the mind outside the brain, or the ghost outside the machine. The problem with free will debates has to do with its definition. I think once people start hammering out the definition, free will either becomes a wimpy variant that people didn't want to talk about in the first place, or it becomes so ambitious that it's outside the scope of science to discuss. If you define free will as the ability to generate and choose options based on constraints, then people get bored of that discussion because it seems to lack the freedom they want. If you define free will as the ability to escape biophysics, then it becomes an unscientific discussion of metaphysics. But what people really want is the freedom from biophysics, not a discussion of a bounded system to generate and choose options. People want a reality where this state does not need to relate to the one before it, a non-markovy world. That's why people mix the discussion of behavioral computation and free will. People want the most ambitious form of free will, something too special for computers -- freedom from biophysics, freedom from the prior state's tyranny over its future state. I agree with your criticism that the browser ecosystem has improved from a past of idiosyncrasy and special plugins, but I wanted to mildly disagree with your strong prediction that if the browser became technically hostile to DRM, then content providers would refuse HTTP distribution and that the market would gladly go with custom streaming boxes. Just because a DRM standard doesn't go through doesn't mean that it's any easier or harder for the majority of customers to illegitimately acquire content, and nor is it any easier or harder for a company to provide illegitimate content, especially in the centrally-hosted streaming form. If you're saying that there's always a way to acquire content, since content must ultimately be decrypted on some legitimate system, then companies will continue to have the technical reach to efficiently acquire content. What stops them is legal censure and international trade deals, not a DRM standard. What a DRM standard does do is make legitimate content experience more enjoyable for customers because now there are fewer plugins, which could also translate to security benefits. At worse, we end up with a world like we have now, where content providers still do business with Netflix and Hulu, and companies use flash or some other plugin to secure their content, and people still have the same ease / difficulty of acquiring illegitimate content. A superior restatement of this would be "Don't support or reject any law unless you are willing to sustain the sum of all features." Supporting some law could mean some cases interact with those of dubious mental resilience, or with unnecessarily deadly cops, which results in irrational escalation or death. It could also mean that, on the sum of all things, including people dying, society experiences net benefit. Supporting a law which benefits nuclear energy and rejects fossil fuel or coal energy could mean people dying as well, but it could also mean a better world where fewer people die from energy policy. Unfortunately, some people stop at the idea that an unjust death occurs, and only focus on that, without recognizing that more people may be already unjustly dying with a status quo policy. To borrow an example, people would rather a man made train barrel down its existing man made path to kill 3 people than to redirect the train to kill 1 person. During a period of unaccountable killing, I wonder if any leader can resist a list of political enemies. If the list of corruption goes up to the police, legislature, and the judiciary, does that mean that only the appropriate public figures will be killed? Will only corrupt senate members be shot? As to whether Judge Daniela Barbosa acted wrongly, the Supreme Court has just rejected the lower court's decision, as they have every time thus far for WhatsApp bans. But I hope that at least part of the conversation can be brought back to the issue of encryption in Brazil. This case is simultaneously also about whether encrypted communications are okay in Brazil, because the Brazilian government wants a company abroad to put backdoor features into their software. That means that no Brazilian may have secure communications without backdoors. I cannot imagine that Brazilians trust their government anymore than Americans. I propose that any government will always be able to lift any privilege (aka right) in the legitimate or illegitimate pursuit of its interests, but that the citizen should not voluntarily forfeit their ability to secure themselves, especially with something as non-violent and social as communication security. Also, even when a government is legitimately pursuing its interests in determining the criminality of a citizen, if Brazilian prosecution is anywhere near as hostile and adversarial as the US, then the Brazilian individual ought not voluntarily yield themselves to government investigation, even if they are innocent or righteous. It's not a requirement that electric vehicles principally derive energy from fossil fuel infrastructure. Electric vehicles are the most flexible vehicles in terms of dependence on any specific energy source or infrastructure. In Germany, solar power is much more widespread, and so it is more likely that a German electric vehicle user would be riding in a vehicle charged from solar power. This is not to say anything about solar power or Germany, but rather to speak to the flexibility of the electric vehicle. Electric vehicles can depend on an infrastructure running on nuclear energy, or anything else, making it extremely adaptive to the ecological and energy needs of the future. On the other hand, traditional combustion engine vehicles absolutely depend on fossil fuels, and they depend on a massive infrastructure that is specific to supplying fossil fuels. For a traditional combustion vehicle to shed its utter dependence on fossil fuels would mean finding an alternative and abundant fuel source to combust, and even then it would require a highly specific infrastructure to deliver those alternative fuels. Your perspective is also how I interpreted Peter Thiel's speech, a focusing of GOP attention on economic issues, but sadly I think it's the GOP that has higher stakes in sexual cultural issues as get-out-to-vote mechanisms, and that's the segment that Ted Cruz appealed to. And I think that vote is so important that Peter Thiel's call to refocus GOP attention cannot be GOP strategy. The Christian base has been an important pillar to GOP power. The GOP used to / still treats Christians as first-class citizens, whereas the Democrats treated Christians with a secular attitude ("your religion is no more important than any other religion, and secular concerns should always be higher priority above christian concerns"). In individual states, such as Texas, the GOP is more brazen about including the unqualified God as an important pillar of their party platform. And the only high-consensus Christian issues since George Bush Jr. have been entirely about sexual issues, the top two being abortion and homosexuality. George Bush set a tone for the GOP party, and he sent a message to Christians that they would be #1 in the GOP, when he discussed a constitutional amendment restricting the definition of marriage. In that year all candidate from both parties discussed their favorite bible verses, and presented evidence of their small town church credentials. Peter Thiel might want economic and domestic policy to be the focus of the GOP party, but the GOP is not going to win without Christian energy. They will need to show that the top Christian consensus issues (entirely about sexuality) are going to receive the first-class attention that is worthy of the only true religion. That assurance, true or not, is what Ted Cruz brought to the table. All information can be represented by integers, or any sequence of symbols, but in this case, a checksum is the equivalent of a name or title -- something only to identify. In the same sense that names and titles can also be used to spread illegal copies, but by themselves they are innocuous. Banning safe behavior to stop bad behavior is negligent policy work. Failure to constrain the effects of policy to its intended target is why people get scared about making videos on repairing Apple products. I think that inheritance and composition are not the interesting aspects of object oriented design, or of any language or paradigm. These are tools for code brevity / reuse / elegance. Advanced copying or ctrl-c. I would also argue that too much elegance in any language or design paradigm faces the same problem, in that elegance is often (but not completely) in tension with modularity or granularity of control, which is an engineering subgoal, because a common engineering situation is to experience system change (feature growth or reorganization of code), and improvements in granularity or modularity makes system restructuring easier. I think that object oriented design is more essentially about modelling distributed state, because you probably have multiple objects with their own internal state. I believe this means that object oriented design is highly concerned with protocolized communication and synchronization between distributed states, whether via messages or channels or something else. I believe that in distributed situations, object oriented design can be very harmonious with functional reactive programming strategy. You can easily and usefully have a situation where an object functionally updates its internal state with a typed stream of inputs. I think that inheritance and composition are not the interesting aspects of object oriented design, or of any language or paradigm. These are tools for code brevity / reuse / elegance. Advanced copying or ctrl-c. I would also argue that too much elegance in any language or design paradigm faces the same problem, in that elegance is often (but not completely) in tension with modularity or granularity of control, which is an engineering subgoal, because a common engineering situation is to experience system change (feature growth or reorganization of code), and improvements in granularity or modularity makes system restructuring easier. I think that object oriented design is more essentially about modelling distributed state, because you probably have multiple objects with their own internal state. I believe this means that object oriented design is highly concerned with protocolized communication and synchronization between distributed states, whether via messages or channels or something else. I believe that in distributed situations, object oriented design can be very harmonious with functional reactive programming strategy. You can easily and usefully have a situation where an object functionally updates its internal state with a typed stream of inputs. I think that Go can pull off a good standard library because there's a big corporate sponsor behind it, whereas Ruby may have had difficulty with its standard library for the lack of a sponsor. Standard doesn't mean completely done. Standard should be able to accomodate things like HTTP2, as Go has done, whether that means expanding the API or whatever. I think it's a bit of a mismatch when people talk about maintainability and comprehensibility, but only on very local levels, and the examples they bring up are also very local. System maintainability and comprehensibility owe more to architecture than to local readability. It doesn't matter if local code is completely functional, or if Scala secretly uses imperative algorithms underneath. What matters is if the code module / division / unit is keeping its contract or API with respect to the rest of the system, because if it is, then you can actually hope to comprehend your system at a useful level of abstraction. Local vs system comprehensibility are not in tension, but an unfair amount of focus has been placed on local clarity. So a question I'd have is what architectural solutions to some problem domain are natural and special to the functional style. To that end, it's more interesting to see a skeleton project tackling a generic problem, as an inspiration for a generic architecture, than to talk about whether it's possible to write locally bad code with an FP language. I'd note that sometimes complexity comes from surprisingly simple rules, like with Go or Chess. Next to Terra Mystica, Go or Chess might appear simple. You're arguing that the (probability) x (impact) of a claimed benefit is in question. But your argument merely mitigates the good that is provided by software transparency. What are the bad effects to society for software transparency? Because if open software offers noisy positives with minor negatives, then we should prefer open as the default heuristic until circumstantial information says otherwise. Some projects, whether open or closed, are more valued by institutions or businesses, and consequently some projects will justify more money and eyeballs. Also, what businesses and institutions value can be unintuitive. When there's a bug in Linux, that might immediately degrade a business product, whereas a security problem with SSH might not ever impact a business -- even if important customer data is stolen. I doubt Target experienced a real business problem after its large data theft incident with customer financial data. Therefore, 3rd parties contributing to software will probably be far more prompt for bugs in projects that directly impact business success vs. OpenSSH, but at least the door for extra benefits is open, whereas for closed software the door is shut. I fear that they don't even know the real name of their CEO! It should be noted that the criminal justice system is not there to give justice to individuals. The district attorney functions as the representative of state interests. If you are a victim of medical malpractice, the district attorney will not find healing for you. If someone wrongfully injures you, a criminal case will not return even an inch of your wholesomeness. If someone cheats or robs you of $50k, the district attorney will not help you pay your bills. Civil court is the provided forum for issues of individual justice, and there individuals will find themselves paying alone, and in a position of imbalance, only a stupid person would fight for themselves. In the game of civil justice, where one might seek healing or remedy, you must pay for the prerogative to play. Dialing up the interview to 11 means that you are now a confounding factor to your own hiring processes. Removal of confounding factors means an improved ability of a company to develop evidence-based hiring strategies. It sounds like you react to dishonesty with bad faith acts of your own, since you had no interest in giving that person a standard opportunity. The way you reacted sounds emotional and personal. I also agree with the extension of trial time to at least a month because the abuse potential is very very low. Also, when signing up for workflow related services, I sometimes take awhile to integrate its use, or I just forget about it -- making 30 days into 20 days. Brexit will do nothing for the fact that big businesses pay less taxes than smaller businesses. What is the most robust connection linking EU departure with reigning in big business practice? Or framed another way, what is the most robust relationship linking Brexit with the decline of big business dominance? How is the marketplace going to become more egalitarian now? Are people seriously predicting a more egalitarian and regulated UK business environment due to exiting the EU? As far as I understand, the UK's membership in the EU, along with Ireland, were part of the problem in helping businesses lower their tax rate, such as with the Isle of Man, which is technically not part of the UK, and is so wielded by the British government to help big businesses evade taxes and regulations. I don't see why hypocrisy really matters in something as elevated and high-stakes as national policy. Rectifying the moral shame of hypocrisy should be like item #300 on a very long list of priorities. Japan is making a cold policy argument about factors to business decisions, an argument for the factors that made the UK attractive. Hypocrisy is a distraction focused on who is saying it rather than what is being said. If another country non-hypocritically repeated the same argument, does it make a difference? To you it does. I think that Firefox's move to include Pocket was a sensible idea, I just wish they baked their own solution like Safari did. Safari's read-it-later / readability features make sense for the subset of users who browse for prose content and want the text nicely formatted for reading. I think the primary nuisance of Pocket was in making users have another relationship to a 3rd party. Credentials and another service to think about. I don't understand why people say javascript is such an awful language. The "Wat" video previously posted features of a few javascript idiosyncrasies, but I think most people would consider such obscure syntax combinations to be ill mannered, and most people understand to be very careful around type conversions. At a higher level of organization, the language begins to matter less and less, and what matters more are that subcomponents within a larger system obey their contracts, and that there's some concurrency strategy if you have distributed state. Why does the presence of police corruption make it a non-union issue? Why aren't police unions part of the model of corruption? I think statements like these brush off problems of learning difficulty as something to be surmounted with good pedagogy; incremental pain for incremental gain. But when you run a youth pedagogical program of any sort, you can see that the consequences of speed or intelligence aren't things you simply overcome with a great teacher and applied effort. You can see that the consequences of both fast and slow accumulates for years. The consequence of slow is that by the time you are 18 or whatever, you have learned fewer things. Sometimes the consequence of slow is that you simply don't even do X because of a rational consideration of opportunity cost. In the race of money and life, almost all tortoises and hares in our society feel the bite of debt and financial worry. It is meh strategy for the tortoise to hope that hares are lazy and arrogant. It is meh strategy to hope that the tortoise would receive high quality education where the hare would not. Have you looked into stateless React + Redux? These libraries are interesting in their suggestions for app architecture, and their api's are minimal. One day perhaps React and Redux will be replaced by something else, but I think the strategy of a GUI functional layer consuming a stream of events is here to stay, and I wouldn't be surprised if it spread to native app design. It's also worth noting that the iPhone was released around the same timeline that you're talking about, which led to some shifts in industry focus. SOPA is not a solely political affair; it has substantive intersections with the technology industry. Paul Graham simply talks as if he sees the economic / technological outcome of SOPA so clearly that anyone else who think otherwise either has contradictory interests or is ignorant. I'm not commenting on whether Paul Graham is accurate or inaccurate, modest or arrogant, but I'm not surprised that someone of his position holds strong views on his pet predictors. Let's say arguendo that Donald Trump is an objectively harmful candidate to democratic society. Peter Thiel may have given far more money than what most people even possess, but it's categorically the same as those who are voters for Trump -- both parties are providing some very direct support for Trump, and Thiel is arguably one step more distal than the voter. I think that at some point, you must stop punitive consequences from leaking out of a category of democratic behaviors, or else entire categories of democratic behavior may be discouraged. After all, ought not the voter also be punished in the same manner we wish upon Peter Thiel? Shouldn't that voter suffer business and personal consequence? If a grandma appears before a massive audience because she has a compelling story to tell in support of Trump, and in doing so, she becomes coined as "Grandma Lee" and becomes a hot media narrative worth more than what Peter Thiel gave, should that grandma also be punished accordingly? Disconnected from business colleagues? Shamed by any institution she's party to? There should be a deliberately designed limit to causal responsibility when one is legitimately participating in democracy. If "legitimate" behavior is still bad for democracy, then that's where society should target their efforts, rather than through the shadowy powers of cultural punishment. Mozilla is definitely in a position to reject NDA protected security information, but then they wouldn't have been privy to the security information which a researcher was conditionally offering. Would it be better to reject the information outright? Or would you suggest that Mozilla make agreements in bad faith, deceitfully agreeing to terms they don't intend to honor? If VueJS 2 supports JSX, does that mean Vue and stateless React are now largely interchangeable with minimal re-write? I find the that link history is situationally useful, like for blogs with random scattered links, but I'd feel annoyed if a technical ebook I was reading marked prior chapters as "read" as soon as I clicked it. I think many situations are actually like the latter. Which is so sad because I feel that the Mac Mini is an excellent addition in homes and classrooms! Under the assumption that people believe executions offer relief, I think that killing people convicted of murder for the hope of delivering speculative folksy medical / psychological intervention for proximally injured parties values life as absurdly trivial. At the very least, any rational person should see that compared to armchair speculation of medical interventions, organ extraction offers real value! And not to mention, think of all those who die or suffer because of the pace of medical research. With these worthy prisoners, we can change that! This mindset that values convicts' lives as so trivial is troubling and wasteful. TLDR: Who cares if a family didn't get the speculative relief they wanted from somebody's execution? That's a perspective that treats life as absurdly trivial, and I doubt the medical community believes this as a serious intervention to clinically significant distress. My problem with their project funding argument is that I'm not an investor. An investor has lots of money, and so is more willing to accumulate risks for the payoff of creating a stable enterprise. It's not rational for me as a consumer to fund such an unsure bet, especially when changing an operating system has lots of friction. I assume that the proposed talent of an individual investor is in the ability to sieve good from bad in a sea of maybe. But I also don't understand the market well enough to see how such an unproven bet might succeed in a very stale market dominated by arguably one entity (you can't really buy macOS) -- maybe two. I'd also say that while software work is expensive and requires talented labor, and while operating system work takes an intense amount of effort, there's something to be said about the fact that Elementary OS could even build their OS to begin with. How did they do it? On the backs of billions of dollars of free labor. I can't imagine how it would be if the whole world hid their source code with proprietary-only software, and Elementary had to start from ground 0. What rational model governs this situation? I didn't read Mc_Big_G's post as negating the value of Slack, but rather the technological innovativeness of Slack, and when I look at HipChat, Kato, or any of the various competitors in that space when Slack was born, I don't see why Slack's victory was so obvious. That's why I put a little more weight on the luck theory. But what would you say about HipChat or other competitors? Why didn't HipChat win? Was there a critical feature they missed or botched? Providing value is not the whole story. That's why I begin looking for alternative factors -- like luck and circumstance. I think the armed forces community should consider Chelsea Manning as an interaction between a vulnerable psychology and stressful circumstances. I hope the armed forces recognizes that by employing such a large fraction of the population, that vulnerable soldiers are part of the deal. Bradley Manning was also placed under needless pressure to pass as a heterosexual because disclosure would mean discharge without college tuition benefits, along with cultural risk in a highly masculine environment. Despite recognizing that then Bradley Manning was experiencing visible distress and alarming behavior, Manning nevertheless continued in his position because he was providing valuable analysis that, according to his commanding officer, was saving lives. This put both Bradley Manning and potentially national or military interests at risk. And the risk struck and Bradley Manning paid a ruinous price. The armed forces has palpable shortcomings in comprehending or managing the full breadth of human diversity and potential which passes through their doors, and the consequence is that some Americans men and women go to hell for the sake of bad management and policy. The nation should seek to restore Chelsea Manning as an individual who belongs in the fabric of our people. Do these videos have anything to do with beginners making mistakes, floating points and other type conversions, bus factor of 1, spaghetti code, etc? All I see is the same old Martin Shkreli video that has been floated around before, and all you see him do is 'Vim' around as he explains his thoughts -- not on Excel, but on company financials. Also, if you post a lopsided list of pros, it makes sense to the audience to see someone else post a lopsided list of cons. But then you reply with pettiness. Why? To paraphrase for Guar, he's asking whether someone means "exponential" or exponential. By "exponential", I mean my feelings. It's important to realize that no voter imagines how US military actions do or don't coordinate or synchronize with US big corp action. That kind of stuff never shows up in the political discourse. Politicians aren't riling up Americans with talk of how military boosts economy. Nobody makes that connection on TV. From my understanding, some industries depend tightly on the military, and not bolstering your own national industries would be a mistake as all the big global players cheat with nationalistic help. People aren't going to get more or less imperialism. From George Bush Sr, to Bill Clinton, to George Bush Jr, to Barack Obama, when has the US military + international big corp coordination ever stopped, much less shown variability between presidents? When a president is elected, is there a sweep through the US armed forces command structure? No. Is there a sweep through industry? No. Is there a sweep through the CIA? No. National bureaucracies make plans longer than 4 years, and their programs don't stop executing in-between elections. What I'm really worried about is what happens in a winner-takes all branches of government scenario, especially when conceivably the majority of the population supports different policies. It makes sense for the ruling party to do a makeover of power, as the GOP has tended toward redistricting as a strategy, and I think that's exactly what's going to happen. Donald Trump cannot be an independent leader because no ruler manages bureaucracy alone. You must always listen to the bureaucracy machine because it has too many aspects that you don't understand but is someone else's little kingdom. And that's why Donald Trump is nominating all Washington insiders. It's not like Donald Trump decided, "Why not try for business elites through my network, instead of classical Washington?" Nope, didn't happen. Globalism shuffled jobs around the world, and trade policies can change that to a modest extent -- one's trade policy can't change the fact that your citizens are too expensive versus Thailand or China. Tariffs against Mexico cannot make a Shenzhen. GM is not metaphorically coming back to Detroit. US manufacturing employment is going down, and even if / when high tech manufacturing brings production back to the US, it will be robotic production. And with every company in the world racing for machine learning, I don't see how the future looks good for a specific generation of people in history too old to newly take up a globally competitive trade. Also, it's been mentioned around here that driving is one of the most frequent jobs in most states in the US, and that Uber recently made a deliver of beer by automated truck. Uber and every relevant company in the world is trying to destroy a category of worker from everywhere in the world. The only way for a rich nation to have metaphorical Shenzhen is if they're okay with Shenzhen-style citizens. Tariffs can't make it more attractive for Foxconn to move their factory plans to the US. I'd also say that worker discontent is one of the major sources of Trump support, but the last thing they want are the ecological reasons for making Shenzhen an attractive manufacturing capital. You need an environment where laborers cannot even fathom leaving or engaging in collective bargaining. China is okay with a scenario where much of the nation profits from the backs of abused workers because they have the might to quash malcontent. In a democracy where these abused workers have voting rights, this translates to instability. The decentralized nature of the economy also makes it so that an overly internal strategy like tariffs are insufficient. If the US stops buying from China altogether, China is still the manufacturing pit stop of the world. The rest of the world has no reason to coordinate the tariff strategy with you. Only your nation artificially sees increased prices. It's even worse if your nation ups production but nobody wants to buy it because it's too expensive. Your production isn't a power unless you export, and tariffs alone won't make you export. Manufacturing businesses want an environment where (1) citizens are dirt cheap, (2) citizens can be legitimately abused, (3) government is stable and amenable to these practices, (4) the country is connected to global supply chains so you can integrate that country as part of your production system. Also, if / when manufacturing does come back to the US, I imagine that it will bear the fruits of every company racing towards applied machine learning. It will be robotic labor that outscales cheap labor. I'd be surprised if strategic redistricting doesn't happen within 4 years. If you want , with tariffs, US companies still have to compete with dirt-cheap international labor. This is what I meant by improving production but not production that . Because when you export, you're once again selling on the global market. You must compete with all players. If you can't export, if your manufacturing machine is too expensive, or if your output is too non-unique, then you aren't creating the fertile atmosphere of Shenzhen. How is this going to increase export to generate more American wealth? Having a production machine that makes things only for your nation and nowhere else is just a redistribution of money. Redistribution of money can be very healthy, but why not just do it directly without potentially wasteful intermediary processes? Also, I mentioned the point of Shenzhen style abused labor manufacturing vs. robotic high tech labor, and that if manufacturing comes back to the US, it will likely be in the form of robotic manufacturing, and it's not obvious whether this manufacturing will have much room for the masses of unskilled workers. No ruler manages bureaucracy alone. Trump will have to bring in classical Washington. We'd like to think that Trump will perform a full-on house cleaning, sourcing principally from his business connections, but the reality is that everyone needs classical Washington because each person you bring on is a king of his little fiefdom in the NSA, CIA, FBI, armed forces, etc. I think the only decent destiny left for the unskilled undemanded worker is one of welfare, but those same voters have vicious attitudes about welfare and those on welfare. It's not reasonable to retrain this coincidental generation of unskilled undemanded workers, especially not when our nation still has a bad education resource problem. Pedagogical expenditure should go to those who are most likely to experience the largest impact, and that's children. Also because any training program you develop has to work and . Also because there are no fast and easy training programs that have high efficacy rates. Trump and some laborers have talked about bringing manufacturing back to the US. But this is by far the most impossible demand. Tariffs on Mexico and China won't persuade a metaphorical Foxconn to bring a Shenzhen analogue to the US. Shenzhen works because China and the rest of the Chinese people are okay with Shenzhen style workers breaking their back for the rest of the nation, and China can quash any worker malcontent, union, or any collective action. There's no way that people would be okay with that here. And with all the companies of the world racing towards robotic labor and domain applied machine learning, the kinds of US manufacturing job growth here will be few, high paying, and highly technical. But these innovations will mean net fewer manufacturing jobs, even as manufacturing may go up. And the fact that driving is one of the most frequent jobs in most states of the US, and with Uber having made an automated truck delivery of beer recently... there's no way that manufacturing jobs will keep pace with job loss. These people are screwed without welfare, and after welfare, there's nothing else to be done for them. They're a $100 barrel of oil in the ground that costs $105 to extract. If you're an unskilled and undemanded worker, you cannot simply join a political revolt in nation. Every major company in the world is racing for robotic manufacturing and machine learning-applied services and products. A robotic future is very amenable to elite interests in all corners of the globe. Don't blame people for not being able to see other people's perspectives. That takes very hard physical work, and when you perhaps write down the kinds of things that would be required to explore even a few divergent perspectives, most people are simply not cut out for the task. Additionally, most people are not even cut out for the task of coming up with a credible narrative of what selfish rationality means to them. They have difficulty describing even their own interests. Heaven forbid they have to model the rationality of others! Heaven forbid a model should have more than 3 factors in interaction! Some people are particularly vulnerable, and I think there ought be safe rooms for them, but there shouldn't be safe . It doesn't matter if students wish to use a private room to do things that don't effect anyone else; that's just an extension of people enjoying privacy in . There's little difference from a 'safe' private room and a 'safe' business conference room where you expect to be undisturbed. I could imagine this being useful to those with social anxiety disorders or social deficiencies, for group grief counseling, for group addiction support, etc. These are all examples of safe spaces. What becomes insufferable is when one's safe space extends into the public space or even into my space. That's just people trying to dominate the behaviors of others. No internal turmoil justifies domination over my legitimate behaviors. I don't think that any group in America is really ready to discuss things in a rational way that is beholden to evidence. Ron Paul was talking a long time ago about how Islamic violence should be framed as blowback -- side effects for decades or epochs of outside disruption. The GOP party body (whether you're looking only at media chatter or popular chatter) will not be able to coldly discuss factors to Islamic terrorism. In fact, I think you'll find that less than 1% of constituents of the GOP body have read any truly cold account on terrorism, probably found only in Maryland among young students aspiring to learn the poise and prose of a Washington analyst. Jokes aside, the internal values of the GOP prevent anyone from speaking ill of the military, and that's why the populous GOP response to Islamic political violence is more military, and a more imperialistic view of how spoils of Iraq should go to the winners. Are we even allowed to suggest that Islamic terrorism may be political terrorism, and not just religious terrorism? Maybe it's because the armed forces employs so many people, and people aren't ready for a discussion of what life outside the military means, especially now as Uber managed an automated delivery of beer by truck. Also, don't you find that as soon as you read for even a few hours on any subject matter, that you've already surpassed much of the nation in effort spent for comprehension? A lot of people have hot talk about the military, Christianity, welfare, terrorism, and immigration. But they're not willing to do the serious work for any one of these subjects. Try to find a Christian who even finds Christianity that fascinating. The problem is not more rational talk on these things. The problem is not better honest intellectual discussions. The problem is that people honestly don't give a shit about most things political. They want to have strong emotions, and they don't care to look for facts or models. That's why your parents voting behaviors is the single best (or 2nd best) predictor for your voting behavior, and that's why voting behavior remains predictable lifelong. It's not like the voters are watching the debates and going to the noisy person next to them, "Shhh! I need to hear more debate facts so I can decide how to vote!" My statements remain true for educated and uneducated alike. People aren't interested in the work it takes to become informed on any subject. When you're frustrated you also behave more variably, and behavioral variability is important to the discovery of novelty. But isn't banning top velocity on the manufacturer-level much more lower-hanging fruit than banning top acceleration? Just make it so your vehicle can't even go over legal speed limit. It should be clearer to us today how speed kills in some of the most wide-reaching ways. Velocity is a much more obvious policy knob to tune for the goal of less vehicular deaths and injuries. I think the intelligence community is a bit more rational than that, meaning if it's in their interests to turn their tools of deception and surveillance onto anyone, then they don't need an excuse of anger to do so. Interests are interests. Can't some programs be proven to be partially or totally correct? What is the origin of your belief? Excellently executed, single reputable studies are also wrong for layman or broad journalistic discussion. What scientific outsiders need is a narrative about the current state of scientific discussion -- and that involves a of reputable literature. If you're saying that the UK transfers some of the wealth that might've gone to employees and instead diverted it to social programs, that means we need a better analysis to account for the value transfer that's going on. It's possible to see a smaller paycheck and in fact receive a larger value transfer.