You may want to fix the link to https://medium.com/dialogue-and-discourse/anatomy-of-propaga... - yours requires logging in (and having an account). suspended. Collecting email-addresses without being GDPR-compliant is not a good idea in Europe, you might want to add a bit of legal text. The medium account of the article you linked to was suspended, the article cannot be accessed. Product development won't help if people don't know about it. Do more marketing (or start doing it at all). Talk to people that have done comparison articles on your topic in the past and explain your product and its' unique advantage to them (but don't expect them to include you immediately, takes time). Add videos that showcase your product (I'm lazy, I probably won't sign up and figure out how it works and if it works for me). Start blogging more, and offer solutions to specific cases ("I'm a XXX and here's how I used YYY to solve my problem with ZZZ"). From my experience: don't build anything for profit/public unless you have a marketing/sales plan/person. I've seen quite a few ideas fizzle out because all involved were working on the product and none were able/willing to work on getting people/companies to use the product. > but the point is that there's a case to be made for the word "homophobic." Yeah, but that case is rare, while the usage isn't. Homomisiac would be more accurate, though I find that too strong for many occasions: hate is quite high on the dislike-scale, and shouldn't be the first one to go for. > We think of real phobias as something we should tolerate in people and something we should be sensitive towards. That's not the case here. Unrelated: that sounds like you believe that people make a conscious choice regarding what they like and don't like, and to what degree they do so. I'm pretty sure you're going to have a rough awakening at some point. But that's not actually what it's about, is it? "They" isn't to be used instead of calling a female doctor "him" when you know she is female. I've noticed that more and more authors have just started to randomly (or by some pattern that I don't know) use "she" instead of "he" in about half the examples (as in "a user visits our home page. She might be annoyed when she has to wait for multiple seconds"). It works flawlessly and I find it much easier to read than "they" personally. I've talked to multiple people about content that I know includes that and nobody mentioned it in a negative way (but two people liked it). > Would you say that that employee should receive the same amount of tolerance and sensitivity as the one who was afraid of flying? It depends on how much I think about it and who is asking. If anybody who isn't academically interested is asking: Of course not, how dare you even present this idea! Otherwise, starting from the lack of free will, why are we judging them differently, and aren't we claiming that one made a conscious choice to not talk to gay people while the other didn't make a conscious choice to not fly? I'm with you that norms and traditions provide a clear answer, one that I'd most likely give as well intuitively. (And I'd be very surprised if you couldn't treat both with similar methods; neither is treated by firing her.) There is a difference between artificial change of languages and natural change though, isn't there? > I'm pretty sure Jones and co are crazy enough to believe much of what they pubish there. I don't believe Jones himself does, but maybe some contributors do. However: (some of) the audience definitely believes it. When they reproduce it, they do so with the best intentions. I agree regarding mistakes - otoh, being paranoid about making mistakes might be a good thing in today's media. Public shaming (by their competitors) isn't happening / working, that might be a good side effect. That's true. "Intent to publish" is probably pretty easy to prove, but "knowledge of falsehood"? Short of lie detector tests (that are questionable iirc), how would one do that? > teach critical thinking and how to compare sources I want to say "good plan", but turning everybody into journalists defeats the idea of specialization. We do regulate how to build houses so that you don't need to become an architect, structural engineer, masonry expert etc to judge whether those you paid to do the job did it well. If you really go deep, you'd need to become a medium expert on lots of topics to judge the accuracy of an article. That doesn't sound feasible. The government promoting certain news organizations does sound like a bad idea to me. And are there even many that don't have any ads? The Guardian certainly has, and they sell user data. Inability or unwillingness? It's a great way to stop people from contacting you. Just pop a captcha in and your form submissions will drop dramatically. And if you're looking for a quick way to kill conversions, just add a mandatory captcha check to the checkout. Great tool! It's important research. I'm not a believer in diversity for diversity's sake, but I still want my users to have the best experience they can have. Maybe a way to go is to offer multiple interfaces (though I wouldn't target genders, there's overlap; my father was just as scared of breaking something as my mother when I first introduced them to computers), so you can present your stuff in different ways to different people. What I do wonder however: is http://gendermag.org/ appealing to "female" patterns of interaction, or is it just bad? Because I find the presentation not appealing at all, and they have put effort into research and appear to care about the topic, so I doubt they've just thrown it on the web "because we have to publish it there as well, I guess". I'm not an academic, and my interest in it is mostly practical. I'm missing both practical advice and a well structured presentation that goes beyond "well, read the paper and look up the references". What I find most annoying that I'm never sure what to click in those "click all traffic lights" and similar puzzles. If there's a tiny part of a traffic light in a neighboring frame, does that count, should I highlight it? I've done both and failed, and I've done both and succeeded, I haven't figured out a pattern yet. Have you ever tried having your accounts deleted before the GDPR roll-out? Because I have, and no company ever said no. They are often "necessary" for monetization though, aren't they? A few privacy-minded people would probably pay a few bucks a month to use Google without tracking, ads etc, but I doubt that it would be a lot. And it wouldn't be cheap either, I'm afraid. Let's say you take what Gmail offers for free and buy it at ProtonMail - that'd be 20-30 euros a month just for Email. Who would spend hundreds of dollars a month to get today's average digital experience but with solid privacy? And who could actually afford to? I agree, but it would increase the prices, right? Would you buy a phone that doesn't include "we'll sell the user's data" in the financial planning at twice the price? And pay another premium for a mobile provider that doesn't actively track you & sells profile data? I'm not so sure about it being added just because they can make a few extra bucks. I believe it becomes part of the revenue system and drives down the margin they make on the actual product. Once somebody starts, everybody has to follow or they can't compete because their product is expensive. With privacy minded people being a small minority, it probably doesn't make sense financially to cater to them in many markets. Emails is relatively simple, building a cell phone, or running a cell network, is not, so you don't do it for a handful of users. I'm not (knowingly) engaging in fear mongering, I just looked up what I'd pay at ProtonMail (privacy first) to have equal storage space I get at GMail (19GB; privacy last), and that's 20-30 euros. Looking at a web search engine, how much would that cost me? What about a place that syncs my images from my cell phone? Or Analytics for my blog? An OS for my smart phone? Google provides all that for free and finances it by mining the data users give them in return. Apple gets something like $9bn a year to let Google be the default search engine. That's revenue for Apple, coming directly from Google's wish to get more data. If you remove that, will iphones be 10-20% more expensive? I agree completely, if we want to change that, government has to be involved. There's little to no incentive for a company to change. I doubt many users are fine with a price increase, and for some it may be prohibitive, and they'll not be happy to no longer be able to afford a smart phone. If your electricity provider only offered affordable rates in exchange for giving up a certain amount of privacy, I'm sure most people would still go for it. Most people need electricity much more than they need privacy. Will those "good players" be able to compete? And will they even get funding if it's required to start their business? Unless you force everybody to not just dump toxic chemicals into the river, the company that doesn't will have to charge a lot more, and customers will go with those that do (if they live far enough from the river, or upstream from the dump site). > The job of European data protection agencies isn't to be punitive, but to ensure compliance. Wouldn't larger fines ensure compliance though? > That's a bazooka you don't use for every infraction. Use it once, and you won't have to use it again. I don't know the usual english translation of a quote attributed to Mao: punish one, teach one hundred. Handing out fines that actually hurt will not only teach those that receive it but also everybody else. Making knuddels.de pay €20k for leaking the data (including clear text passwords) of millions of users just says "do as you please, here's a symbolic fine, we don't mind". You're probably right, they don't want to hurt the actors on the first offence. We shall see whether it will turn into a three-strikes system, or remain in a rather pedagogical western european fashion. It does remind me off Google vs SEO-Black-Hat-Spammers. They get caught, the get a manual penalty, they remove the worst, say they're sorry, the penalty gets lifted, they continue on. "Hi, I'm working for cnbc and I've never heard of Baidu or China" Top articles of the moment: > Can You Recognize These Rectangular-Ish U.S. States? > 31 Ways To Make Traveling So Much Less Stressful > People Are Sharing The Nicest Thing A Stranger Has Done For Them, And It's Exactly What You Need Today I mean, I'm sure they do also sometimes produce journalistic content, and it might be of great quality when they do. Well, the news was about "BuzzFeed" in general, but fair enough. Buzzfeed News current top articles: Why Bryan Singer’s Latest Scandal May Not Affect Rami Malek’s “Bohemian Rhapsody” Oscar Campaign This Photographer Captures The Emotional Final Moments Between Pets And Their Owners Climate Change Is A Top Priority For The New Crop Of Governors — Even One Republican A Man Allegedly Harassed Parkland Victims' Families On Instagram By Posing As The Shooter A Woman Mistakenly Showed Up For Her Interview With Microsoft A Month Early. Her Hilarious Exchange With The Company Has Gone Viral. "Foreign" here means "Western" or "American", I suppose. As far as I know, Yandex isn't blocked in China, and they are Russian, so foreign to China. I don't know their market share (they fall under "other", but so does "bing" often), still worth a mention maybe. It's great that somebody is looking into this and goes through the trouble of aggregating the data, but the presentation is lacking severely (unless I'm completely blind and am missing the real thing). Target the data. ML, AI won't do anything without data. Stop the surveillance, stop the threat. But oh, I guess we need the surveillance to stop fake news, terrorists or nationalists, protect against election meddling, optimize ad penetration, and spy on foreign companies and governments... Was it provided to WL, or do you want them to copy and paste it? I don't have any idea about voting rights, but the current status wouldn't matter, right? Or is there a thing that you retroactively always had voting rights once you become a citizen? The big point of AlphaStar wasn't the "learning" part (that is: strategies, build order), it was the micro part (control of individual units). Even with the same APM (action per minute) as a human, it has a huge advantage. It can control units in different areas in the same time, and do so perfectly. It doesn't have tiny imperfections. That adds up quickly in star craft 2, and gives it a great advantage. Does that translate into real world applications? Computers are already much better at reaction time and, once they calculated everything and a decision has been reached, executing it perfectly. That'll probably help in piloting as well - thinking of it as a human that steps on the brake a little bit earlier, doesn't oversteer etc. Tiny advantages can make the difference between a crash and a close call. It's not the great breakthrough though. It reads like "people are voting different than I would have. Clearly they are manipulated by evil powers", and suggests giving up privacy and trusting governments & corporations. No thanks. Sure, it does some stuff that's fine, but that's not what makes it win (yet). It's basically playing in Archon mode (but alone) where it can see and act all over the map at the same time - humans can't do that. I'm sure it will at some point become better at strategies, too, but so far it's hard to compare because the API it has is much more powerful. When they did change that aspect of the match, the 10:0 turned into 10:1. Would Mana have won the next 10 games? Nobody knows, but at least it would've been a lot closer. SC2 rewards micro a lot, and a computer will always be better at micro than a human (unless you make it harder for the machine). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PLplRDSgpo This is a couple of years old, and at that level, it would certainly beat any pro, even without a superior strategy because micro is a leverage for unit strength. > It turns out that maybe the open societies weren't as open as they thought. Or that an "open world" isn't as stable as predicted. Would we even have the same "open" societies without China's repressive society and their willingness to finance western consumption? Yeah. The SU was much smaller than the US-led side (~300m vs ~700m), it's very different with China, so that will be interesting. It focuses on the middle east, where the US (& allies) / NATO have been the driving forces behind most of the recent "conflicts" that led to forced migrations (Iraq, Libya, Syria), and then says "climate change had a significant impact"? Do generals at the Pentagon get too war-happy when it's too warm on average in any given year? Or is it that plunging Libya and Syria into civil war and leaving Iraq close to it wouldn't have mattered as much if it wasn't for that sea level rise? > That's the introduction paragraph. "Blaming the US" for all turmoil in the Middle East is far too simplistic. Sure, you're right (at least in a general sense; Libya, Iraq are 100% on the US/NATO). But saying climate change plays a significant role in a conflict that has been started by external forces is a joke. We might've seen wars in the middle east without US/NATO starting them, and climate change would probably have played a role in those (as would population size), but we won't, because they did start them. It's a nice meme, though. "It wasn't us by arming, training and directing forces to topple a Regime we didn't like - it was climate change!" Can confirm. A large domestic Store operator we've talked to about using our SaaS had one make-or-break criteria: none of their data may pass through anything hosted on AWS. Are you sure? The NSA runs a global surveillance program, monitoring/copying most of the internet traffic, and industrial espionage (against all non-US states & companies, allies or not) is a stated goal of this program. I don't know how well-funded the chinese IP theft program is, but I doubt it's much larger. Preliminary tests going to start in Raccoon City in Q4/2019? > Immigration has lots of economic benefits, and few economic costs. Immigrants pay for native-born Americans’ retirement, start companies, and make the U.S. a desirable destination for investment, while not taking away jobs or depressing wages of the native-born. That's weird. Economists regularly find that more supply decreases prices, and that this holds true for the labor market as well. But of course, it's an opinion piece with no claim to be based on facts, knowledge of said facts, or anything other than "I feel like this is true". For more science-based thoughts on the economy and immigration, maybe turn to politico instead of bloomberg: https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/09/trump-clinto... If you're talking about buying stuff at the grocery store: sure, but it's not a 1:1 offset. You don't need to hire an extra employee to serve an extra customer. Over all, more labor supply = lower wages. That's really not a wild theory, and I personally haven't heard anybody claim that it's not true, but would love to hear your take on it. What typically is a response to realizing that is to try and regulate the labor market more so supply and demand don't set the price, i.e. minimum wage, fixed wages, or some other way of making the labor market work less like a market. Why wouldn't they be? This only says that, when approached by law enforcement with a valid warrant, they need to be able to log the IP that accessed a certain account. If that IP is a TOR exit node, so be it. Not OP but removing the hash will not really help, even if you've used the same password on multiple sites, because the attacker would need to know which hash was used to sign up for other services. Compromised myname+leaked@example.org:mypassword won't help getting into my account at somewebsite that is registered to myname+secure@example.org:mypassword. And, I suppose, it forces you to use a password manager, because there's no way you're remembering the email, even if you're using the same password ;) I fail to see how the gender or ethnicity of the company owners is relevant here. Would Munchery's behavior be okay if it was about a bakery owned by three white men? Is there an explanation for that? It sounds counter intuitive that the heat wouldn't transfer and stay at the ground of all places. Or, to put it another way, has that always been the case, or is that a new thing, that the heat stays down here? I have literally no knowledge about any of that, so don't take my question as anything but me not knowing and wondering, please. So anonymous hear-say is all there is? And is the company even small? "Some of our bigger customers purchase up to $15,000/week with us" sounds like they make > $100k revenue/week regularly, baking thousands and thousands of cakes every week. I don't know SF standards of small, but that sounds like a solid operation to me - one that definitely has the resources to go after a corporate client that doesn't pay. I still find it weird to focus on gender/sex and ethnicity, and I have my doubts that Munchery invested a lot of time & money into finding out who is behind the companies they don't pay and what the owners' gender is. Tbh, I don't see most articles staying on topic. They'd be much shorter if they did not add the human angle, some backstory, and that time somebody did something that hilariously failed but led to whatever somebody is writing about today. And how do you even decide what's on topic and what's not? Is pointing out some flaw of some pattern on topic for an article that says "this pattern has this great advantage", or is only that advantage and its greatness on topic? I'm pretty sure the perceived width of any topic varies between readers, so others might not consider that same things off topic that you do. Are women endangered of going extinct? I'm sorry, I hadn't realized that before. You are right about there being a main idea. And then there's all the off topic-stuff that surrounds that main idea and makes the article long enough to be considered an article ;) The value of comments are very subjective. To you, they might not be valuable, to me they might be (depending on my mood, maybe). When talking about things, especially with people you don't know and without all the non-verbal side-info, you'll often have to agree on what you actually mean with some term you're using, and off you go from an article about any topic to a discussion of not-really-related things. I don't have the impression that people just jump to very off topic things, but then again, you might be reading totally different submissions on HN based on your interests vs what I click on. Maybe if you gave some examples of low-value off-topic-discussions, it'd be clearer. So you're suggesting amending the law that they get preferential treatment in liquidation cases, and their companies are always paid first regardless of company size, resources etc? Because that's what I understand the article to complain about. It's not a "three women baking pies and trying to make ends meet"-company, it's a "we produce thousands of cakes a week"-company. They are not going to go out of business, but they will probably have learned to be more active about unpaid invoices. Not everything is about suppressing women or minorities, and crying wolf all the time will lead to people ignoring the cases when it actually is. I don't know where I hurt your feelings, but I'm sorry. Catholics worldwide are confused by that headline. It sounds like you're weighing depth vs width in comment sections. By depth I mean "more detail on this single thing", by width I mean "more over an overview of things like this single thing". Maybe you can tag users accordingly, and ignore comments based on the "this user tends to go wide, not deep"-score. Would be something to show (and get annoyed with endless possible alternatives mentioned in the comments ;). No clue about the product, but comments for the website: 1.6MB of JS loaded, 5MB total on first visit (300kb css!). You need to get that number down. Maybe cut backend stuff out of the bundle? Test your site on ultra-wide monitors and other weird setups. /manifest.json is soft 404. Paywalled :/ Is this news? Google has been pulling websites from searches for lots of markets, including Western countries Like Germany, France. I personally don't believe in "it's up to you", "just exercise self-control". I have phases where I'm fat and after years of being fat, something clicks and I will lose weight extremely fast (intermittent fasting mainly, diet + sports later), and I tend to fall out of those phases & habits at some point. Then I get fat again, and at some point, it clicks again and I start losing again. It's loosely coupled to mental health for me, but that might be different for everybody. What helps me: identify circumstances and substances that make me eat too much (no alcohol, no thc), avoiding overly stressful days on the job (no, I won't finish this tonight and sustain myself on snickers bars), and medication. I know a few people who slowly sank into depression and never realized that the way they are feeling isn't "the normal state". Medication (legal or otherwise) can help in those instances - it does for me. It might for you, too. Speak to your doctor about it, and don't be afraid of drugs. Side-effects are shit, but it sure beats sitting in the corner for three years contemplating suicide until you one day magically wake up and get better. Another thing: alcohol, sugar & other drugs are often used to self-medicate. God, I sound like a big pharma shill, but I really mean it. > First, this is about the UK, which is a more "class-based" society than the US. That's mostly a thing we've come to believe, it doesn't necessarily hold true today. consider https://www.economist.com/graphic-detail/2018/02/14/american... Regarding "I am functioning", I know exactly what you mean. So am I in general, regardless of what's actually going on. But maybe that's just that you're great at keeping up appearances, not that your circumstances aren't that bad. Maybe it's time to get some professional help. With psychopharmaca, I think it's about finding the right doctor. I'm not a fan of everybody getting some pills, but a lot of doctors seem to be so hesitant and want to try lots of others things first. Sure, antidepressants aren't the perfect solution, but at least they give you time to figure something else out while the patient doesn't suffer through months and months of "maybe if you just ate more red meat". I suppose what you, OP and me are doing is mostly treating symptoms: losing the weight. Maybe the weight isn't the issue, it's merely an indicator. Misleading headline. Google is censoring their results IN RUSSIA according to whatever local law is in action there. They do the same in European countries and, be strong now, in the US. Reddit already does some of the most aggressive tracking for surveillance, censors content they don't like, uses shadow bans, is run in an authoritarian way and has a score system that shows how good of a user you are - and reddit users are afraid of China because ...? Reddit admins will indeed not sentence you to 20 years in a labor camp for disagreeing with them politically. But that's because they can't, not because they wouldn't. Reddit would fit perfectly well into the Chinese internet. Just tweak the "permissible opinions" a bit and off you go, the rest can remain unchanged. But I'm not even calling anything equal. I'm merely pointing out that reddit is an authoritarian regime's wet dream already, and the users seem to be quite happy with it. Hey, they could even get Chairman Pao back. > The configuration of those permissible bits is exactly the difference between two cultures, no? Sure. And that can be changed in an instant. Just put "Tiananmen Square", "Tibet" etc on your black list and the site can operate the exact same way it does today. Most users won't even notice ("it's a site to share cat pictures, why would I talk about politics"), others will not care ("oh well, those guys probably deserved it") and the rest will move to voat (or start something new, I don't know how well Chinese critics and racists mix). My point is that reddit is set up to be run as an authoritarian system, by people who obviously believe in authoritarianism. Users who like reddit but are afraid of a company from an authoritarian state investing sounds silly to me. Similarly silly: when Google fans get scared about video cameras because it feels like surveillance. My gut feeling is that it's a reaction to propaganda (for lack of a better word; I'm not suggesting that there's a concerted effort). China has been associated with a surveillance state, and mentioning China or large chinese companies will send people into a frenzy because they don't want a police state. That their favorite website runs on the same ideology, that they are constantly under surveillance by corporations and their own government: ignored. As for "laws can be changed": that's why I'm a fan of only implementing things that you feel comfortable giving control over to your worst political enemy. > Are there any reasonable people here on HN who are willing to actually trade their lives to live as a Uighur in China or a Saudi female? Or any sort of Venezuelan? Or a poor US citizen? But there are plenty of jobs in tech that don't expect you to be super productive and work very long hours - it's just not the elite $250k++ plus stock options jobs where you're working on the exciting stuff. I know plenty of people in tech that do 35-40 hours / week. They can't retire on their savings after three years though. Not just internationally: a much larger userbase in general. And, I believe more importantly: reddit is essentially a forum. Few people are super invested into forums. They get older, their interests change, they have less time to argue about politics, they move on from forums. Whatsapp is a messenger, people rarely move on from those - it's usually the messengers that abandon their users, not the other way round (aim, icq, skype...), and they do profit from a network effect, reddit doesn't. Facebook messenger wasn't actually a messenger in the IM sense, it was a bad site chat, and too locked in. Hence buying Whatsapp = good idea (plus much more data to mine, obviously). You're right though: things can change. But they usually don't do too quickly once the dust has settled and the giants have emerged. Yeah, yeah, there could be a Google killer tomorrow, but there probably won't. That's very different when markets are still developing and nobody has any clue what's going to happen in 6 months time, but monopolists don't just disappear over night because a new kid rode into town. That's what's different between snapchat, myspace and facebook. Reddit has nothing even close to that kind of pull. To get to the advertising dollars, it will have to crack down on users and become sfw, and that will turn lots of people away. When there's money to be made, they will also have to deal with copy right, and that will shut down a good part of the meme subreddits, I'm afraid. I'm sure it'll still have a place in a few years, controlling a major discussion platforms is worth money after all, but I don't see it going to the big league by staying what they are now. What's unhinged about that? Threat of retaliation has been a defensive doctrine since forever. I'm sure they'd love to add Washington, NYC etc to the list, but Iran doesn't have the capabilities, so they just target Israel instead, knowing that Tel Aviv and Haifa aren't far behind DC/NYC in concerns for the US govt. People tend to not invest in their health until it's failing - and even then, compliance rates are terrible. I doubt many people will spend time tracking their health data, but it might still be nice for the few that will. Sounds like gamejournopros from the other side. I wonder how different players will react. You'd have to test every backup though, because initially, your DB might not contain any strings that trigger the problem. Are those all capable to run the latest version / receive updates? Otherwise, they're paying even more per device. I suppose that depends on how you finance it. For Apple, it could be a feature of their ecosystem; for Google, the search engine is just there to lure you in so they can show you ads. That would be a totally different story: does Google actually have incentive to provide you with the best organic results next to which the ads would look out of place and bad? I don't think it would be a good business decision for Apple though, and there's no guarantee that they could even get there with throwing billions of dollars at it. > how is twitter responsible for user's comments I don't claim that they necessarily are, but you could argue that the design of their platform leads to users behaving in the way they do behave, i.e. if you only give them the option to "like" something or reply to it, dislikes will be expressed in replies. Cloud-based = GDPR trouble. > So under their model, if you tip well, you're subsidizing people who don't tip at all. Under their model, if you tip well, they can pay less, you're subsidizing the owners, not other customers. You might want to put some content width limits on it so people don't end up with extreme line widths on UW screens. Rule of thumb is to aim for 60-80 characters per line for optimal readability - without zooming, I get about 480 characters per line in your layout. like https://english.edward.io/ ? I don't really think a lot of people think of socialism as a "solution", but rather as a alternative to try again vs hyper capitalism that evolves into "gig economy" aka "freelancers shoulder all the entrepreneurial risk, get paid below minimum wage, have to provide the capital to buy cars + gas themselves, are then stiffed on tips, get no health insurance and will be thrown out if they ever so much as look at the CEO wrong". People appear not to like the US/Silicon Valley style (including "too big to fail" socialized losses for corrupt companies), and since they don't get offered a "capitalism with rules" as an alternative, they're willing to consider other things. In the end: communism might suck, but being one hospital visit away from bankruptcy, being spied on 24/7 by a corporate-state-hybrid, and working for $10 an hour while a small apartment costs $3k sucks too. And who knows, maybe "this time" it'll work. You know, now that we have block chain or whatever some lunatic thinks will change human biology. Offer them a chance and they won't grasp at socialist straws. But offering them a chance would cut into profits, so that's not an option, obviously. > It's a high risk, high reward No, it's really not. There's no high reward when you've worked delivering food work a month. It's lost time. > It is also a mistake to look at profit making as a sin Which nobody does. They view the hardcore exploitation as a sin. The "entrap them in debt". The "buy the lawmakers and write the rules". The price fixing, data hoarding & selling, the "let's just do illegal stuff and pay a ridiculously small fine"-shit. It's really not about "nobody is allowed to make a profit". Sorry, I'll never understand the hardcore libertarians - it's indistinguishable from sociopathy to me. Amazon typically only runs "logistics" in each country and that turns out to barely make any money. The actual sales are made by their Luxembourg subsidiary ("Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l. (Société à responsabilité limitée, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxemburgo)"), so they don't pay taxes in Spain, Italy, Germany etc. LU is an obvious choice if you want to pay as little taxes as possible, so I doubt they pay a lot there. Still a good deal for LU - they get some taxes at the expense of their larger neighbors. A parasitic business model, but a successful one nonetheless. Framing: the US was a platform for people kicked out of Europe. I think it worked out so far ;) Somebody is apparently confusing "(very) active users" with "registered users". Bad sign for any company if their engineers snoop around in customer info and then talk about their findings to third parties. As for gab: I made an account once, never used it. Just logged in, it has 40 followers, most of which also seem like they've never used it. users != active users. And then the next producer will make it, enjoy the financial super hit and get super rich by doing it. That's how markets work, supposedly. If one company doesn't want to do something that is in demand, others will. > Yet every example we know of where trade has had the fewest obstacles (Britain during Victorian reign, Hong Kong under UK rule, Japan during the Meiji, Singapore post independence, Taiwan since split with China), we see a rapid improvement of the quality of life in just a couple of generations. If there was a causal connection, you'd expect the US to have a much better quality of life than, say, Sweden. I leave it to you to judge that. And don't mistake me for somebody who's arguing for socialism. I'm just not a fan of "let them starve, as long as I got mine" libertarianism, and apparently a lot of people aren't either. I'd wager that most libertarians wouldn't be either, if they weren't among those that do well in the current system, but that's beside the point. > There are countless examples from as far back as the 1800s of wealthy people putting their money towards public good, and doing a far better job of it than modern governments do now. Totally. And it seems to me that there are fewer and fewer today doing it in a similar fashion. I'm not a fan of government, but I'm certain that without it, Uber would use whips to motivate its delivery staff, and those on the receiving end of that motivation would have no way to quit working for Uber. Interesting idea. I figured it was due to the user base of 2019 being very different than that of 2010, and Google adapting to the fact that most of their users aren't technology literate and cannot formulate clear search queries, so they just try to guess what might be of interest to them. Idk, from what I've seen, page rank is still the super major factor that's responsible for 90%+ percent. I work for a few large affiliate projects. Renting subdirs on high-link-count-sites = instant top 3 for anything, even the most competitive keys, even when it's totally unrelated to the site's other content. The whole "we have more than 200 factors" seems like mostly hot air to me personally. Correct me if I'm wrong, but they also left out the question of financing. Since UBI needs to be financed, and would require a higher budget, taxes would need to be raised. If taking on a job would then hit you with 30% instead of 10% taxes, that would disincentivize it. These tests feel a bit like testing "free energy harvesting machines" and ignoring the power chord that runs from the machine being tested to a wall socket. That's the external source of money: the rest of the country. I'm sure we can get a perfect example of UBI in, say, Switzerland, if we make France foot the bill. People in Switzerland will be happy: taxes stay the same, but everybody has $2000 more available per month. Alas: will the French be happy? "Trickle Down" Neoliberals vs populists tribunes. With Germany backing France, I have little doubt over who will come out atop, but it might serve as another fault line in Europe. > I don't think you've been to Sweden to make that claim, and perhaps you've been listening to socialist propaganda suggesting that Sweden is socialist. I have, multiple times actually, and live quite close. They are a high tax, strong central state country with a strong safety net, and more regulations than the US. The same goes for Denmark, btw. You'd expect them dropping far below the US as well with all the ways the government injects itself into the market. Yet, they don't. Granted, they might have fewer TV channels, a lower incarceration and not have a significant part on antidepressants and opiods, so it's open to debate who actually has a higher quality of life ;) > You would be correct, libertarians do not hold this view. I suppose that's similar to half of the feminists saying they are actually egalitarians. Virtually all libertarians I've encountered very much do hold that view. "But we might be charitable". Sure. Might. Everything might happen. > What do some bureaucrats in Washington know of the troubles of people on the street of downtown SF? What do the super rich in SF do when faced with mass homelessness and people living in open slums otherwise seen in the third world? "Look somewhere else" appears to be the answer. Granted, there are probably a few who don't, but by and large, they don't care. Be aware: likely illegal in many countries, and can get you into serious trouble. Ah, that's interesting and does explain a bit, thank you. Might the perceived quality decrease be based on a misclassification of the user entering the search, and therefore a problematic refinement? I'm thinking similar to Amazon's recommendation engine that for some reason (I'd wager my terribe fashion sense) has decided I'm likely a women and now gets most recommendations completely wrong. I don't know how big the anti-vax problem actually is in the US, but it feels a bit like "hey, here's a group we can all agree has stupid ideas, let's all shit on them and come together". Using Google & FB to actively manipulate (parts of) the population and censor content seems like a door we don't want to open. Next up: smokers. People who think taxation is theft. Whoever my political opponent is. Why though? We don't know what the Chinese will do, but we're somewhat informed what the US will. Sure: the Chinese might be much worse. But they might also not be. So far, I haven't heard of intensive drone usage by the Chinese to bomb weddings half way around the world. > I’m not thrilled about the amount of information being hoovered up, but....the predictions being made with it aren’t terribly impressive. Conspiracy theory: what if they intentionally throw random garbage in there so you don't get paranoid? The things they want to hit you with will still be there, but they'll be surrounded by misses, and you're inclined to think "wow, they sent me an ad for a new dishwasher just as soon as mine broke, but they also sent me an ad for cat toys knowing full well I'm allergic to cats"? The dishwasher is still a great hit, but less suspiciously so. > Honestly I don’t think it’s a cash grab for icann. Wasn't it $10k upfront to have your application for a new gTLD considered? This times ~1200 ... works out quiet good. Oh, thanks, I must've had something else in mind. So it's a ~$220m deal for ICANN. We have a legal system in place to got after clients that don't pay their bills, vigilante justice isn't one of them. "Hey, that guy is late on his car payments, lets cut his brake lines." One could also read that as "seeing huge commercial potential researchers keep project private". That's built into the contract, and both sides are well aware of it. I've never seen or even heard of a contract to create a website for somebody that entails "if you're late on payment, we make your site not work". If you can get than in there (and the client still signs etc), that's a different story. > But you surely heard of "missing people" in China after speaking against the government. Sure, and that's terrible, there's no question about it. But it does not affect people outside China in the same way that the US's actions affect them. China might very well do the same things the US does if they ever get to be the planet's only super power. But they are not, so why overhype the possibilities? > If you hang around with terrorists in a war zone(i.e Afganistan) you can expect your rights to be violated Or in such places as Italy, just walking around, being an imam. Google Abu Omar. Why not? It works with religion, and religion is as changeable as political views. Yet we somehow pretend as if political views are a free choice, made by an informed citizen. I'd say yes, but for practical reasons those that the (overwhelming) majority holds probably don't need protection. > But, have you seen any such trial in China? They have show trials of corrupt politicians, just like we do. What does that matter, though? The CIA will continue exactly the same way, with or without some show trial. As will those Chinese government officials who weren't used as an example of Xi's latest war on corruption. > You may be put in jail for even demanding prosecution of the officials responsible for such acts. The press is not allowed to talk/write about such things. I'm not saying they are great. I'm saying maybe stop pretending we are. Sure, we have great explanations for all the extra-legal things ("they were terrorists", "this was a special case, it will never happen again", "it was wrong, the low level official responsible was punished") we do, but so do they. It would be so much easier to criticize them for the stuff they do if the CIA didn't have torture camps all over the world and wouldn't kidnap people "just because" and get away with it by pointing the finger at China or Russia and saying "look, they are much worse than we are". > https://hatebase.org/privacy 500 Internal Server Error That's what I expected tbh. I don't think Google is trying to actively rig anything here, but I'm sure they can very accurately predict who you're planning to vote for. This rather sounds like what people have been finding out the hard way recently though: Recaptcha is broken and everybody relying on it is a terrible idea. If your work can be replaced by anybody with a blog the moment you ask for money, maybe you're just not creating something that is special enough to be monetized. How much have the wages risen due to this "shortage"? Not at all? No shortage then. You're really just comparing thingies as interpreted by PHP, not strings. If you want to compare strings, use ===. It feels like lots of cookies are limited by the device life cycle rather than their expiration date. Get a new phone, get a new cookie. The difference between a one-year-cookie and a sixty-year-cookie is probably small. If you're not going to visit a site again within one year (and get a new lease on that cookie), you're likely not going to visit the site in the next sixty years (because either it or you no longer exist, you're no longer in the audience of that site etc). Who would pay for that though? And why shouldn't it manipulate? I'm fine with manipulating people. Nudging is okay in my book if you're benevolent and aiming to make people's life better. It's just shit when all you want is to make them buy some product to fill the void you've helped create. Because manipulation is great. You can help people by manipulating them, you can measurably improve their lives. That's a big reason for me. That's like "why should we heal the sick?" You can use a scalpel for good and you can use it to hurt people. There's no use in just saying "we shouldn't use scalpels, ever" to me. Ads that are completely random won't pay the bills, and ads that are content-based (without looking at the user) might, but will also target the user, they just won't follow them around. If I want to reach people interested in the Nazis, I'll just put my ads on pages dealing with Nazi stuff, because that's what people interested in Nazis tend to look at and other people don't. Are there really different ideas about this? I mean, there might be some grey area, sure, but in general? Is there an argument for example that depression is great and shouldn't be touched? I would've replied sooner, but the silly "oh no, you've posted two times in one hour and somebody didn't like what you said, go cool of for 12 hours" function didn't allow it. Talk about manipulating users' behavior. > Are you really comparing targeted ad manipulation to medical professionals healing people? No, I'm comparing beneficial targeted manipulation (notice the lacking of the word "ad") to healing people. You CAN use a knife to murder somebody, but you CAN also use it to perform life saving surgery on them. Advocating for banning all knifes because you don't want people to murder seems weird to me. Facebook literally tested what they can do with targeted manipulation [1], and they found that they can do both good and bad with it. It freaked the public out, and so do knifes, and I get that. The problem isn't that you can use it only for evil, the problem is that FB & their customers don't want people in a good place mentally and emotionally, because you're less likely to buy things you don't need or spend hours on their site. And that's what was suggested: have a social network that isn't run from the Bay area trying to maximize profit extraction, but one that's user focused. You know, where the user is the customer, not the ad agency. > There are negative connotations to manipulation that you need to keep in mind. As there are to using a knife on people. I'm saying "let's ban the bad part and use the good part". Facebook, Google probably know more about their regular users than those users' family, psychiatrists, psychologists and even the users themselves. Are you aware of the potential good they could do with that? Yeah, we won't solve mental health issue by manipulating people, but we'll make it a whole lot better, and we can measure that. > It's worked for TV and radio for decades. Not it really didn't, because they barely used random ads. Most shows' demographics where very specific and they don't run car ads during the sunday morning cartoon hour. Hell, they created show concepts to target demographics so they could then sell ads reaching that demographics. I suppose suggesting to use technology for good doesn't go over well with this crowd. More and more I feel that we're letting the wrong people design, build and steer the technology that will shape the future. [1] https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/jul/02/facebook-... I have very little knowledge of GSM&Co, but wouldn't it also allow a very similar tracking, practically forcing you to go into flight mode if you want to remain "invisible" to this technology? "Someday" without "in the next X years" is quite vague. It might very well happen, just let inflation run its course and wait a while. A long while. Someday. I'm not quite clear on why "the obvious thing would be to block them". Do you incur costs for each user that signs up? Otherwise: what's the harm? Just add "has voted" as a bonus achievement in the social score system, maybe along with "has voted for the right candidate". non-paywall-link: https://outline.com/VN2pP6 They trust post visibility controls to hide their posts from the government? Hell, I wouldn't even trust those to hide them from anyone, really. Too man bugs in software, too many bugs in UX, too many terrible business decisions ("we'll just remove these to expand user generated content and drive up enagegement levels"). When you give me "controls" I don't control, I treat them as if they are always set to the worst case possible. > China is hardly starving, though. Well, a lot of them were rather close to that before the revolution. I mean, it's one thing to "not starve" and quite another to have your living standards raised substantially. People are happy to give up freedom for better living standards. Imagine if you could live two, three wealth/social classes higher than your current one, and all you need to give up is your right to criticize the government. That's pretty tempting to me, and I'm sure to a lot of other people as well. I think the best antidote is to steadily improve living conditions. Don't keep your lower class in intergenerational poverty and all that. > At some point along this line of though, you have to admit that your leaders aren't working in the interest of the great majority of citizens if what they're doing is not effective and if they don't step aside because of that... tbh seeing how there actually IS a middle class in china now, and it's in the hundreds of millions now and is growing, it's hard to argue that it's not "effective" for "the great majority". That's quite an accomplishment. Non-Paywalled link: https://outline.com/3reRXn Wait, you're manually datamining comments with a spreadsheet? That sounds really dedicated. The problem with these kinds of bans is simple: if you don't use the same judgement on all hate speech (which they don't), you aren't banning for hate speech, you are banning for political speech. If nobody is downvoting their comments, I suppose they are good comments? Otherwise, HN blocks low karma accounts for hours after writing two or more comments within XX minutes and receiving a downvote on any of them (I know because it regularly happens to me and I can't reply to anything). > Perhaps it's actually an amazon brand-alignment. By reminding people of a recent purchase (that presumably went well) they elevate Amazon as a brand that delivers. Interesting idea, but at the same time, they're wasting opportunities to sell other stuff. What about "we're not building complex profiles of you, don't worry, look how bad our tracking is, we'll recommend you another fridge" to avoid any hint of uncanny valley? Regarding the proportionality of media reports: "the right wing" is ~30-50% of the population (depends on how you want to define it), Muslims make up ~1%. If the extremists of each movement are similar in relative size & violence affinity, you'd expect 30-50x more right wing extremists than muslim extremists. According to the numbers in the article, it's actually 3x. The problem isn't in on the creator side, it's getting users to go, sign up and pledge. FB already has the users, it just needs to give them an option to sign up. Twitch streamers also use Patreon, but subscriptions and cheers on Twitch are more successful from what I can tell - it's closer to the content. If somebody is using FB as the primary way to release content, it's only natural to also do the donations/subscriptions on FB. Well, Facebook has somewhat transparent guidelines for banning, and will be held accountable in public if they overstep. Patreon doesn't, your business with them as a creator is as safe as it is with PayPal if you're putting out controversial content. I don't think anybody is "solving depression" by tackling problems some way or another. Rather: you're getting out of your depression and that allows you to tackle problems. Sure, but that's not what I was trying to say. "The only times I left the room was to eat and use the bathroom" isn't "I was feeling kinda down because I suddenly was $60k in debt and I didn't know how to go about paying that off", and I don't believe that most people can climb out of a hole that deep by basically "just sorting your bills by importance". I believe that, yes, you can greatly improve your situation by reducing external stressors. But you'll have to get to a point that allows you to do that first, and when you're basically either sleeping or staring at the wall all day, you are not in that state. To me, "chicken or egg" is rather clear: the depression must give way enough so you can get things done that will improve it further. Suggesting otherwise sounds dangerously close to "hey, if you just wanted to, you could just get rid of depression" which puts suffering from depression close to "it's a choice" territory. Ahh, yes, Sam Harris, Jordan Peterson, Dave Rubin, Joe Rogan, known alt-right reactionaries. "Men get paid more" is a hard argument to make, you need to factor in which job they take, how much they work, how aggressive they negotiate etc. If you do that, the gender pay gap all but goes away. That aside, there's a trend of women in urban areas out-earning men. However, that won't lead to every woman out-earning every man. A software engineer is still going to make more money than a teacher. I suppose this hinges primarily on who is counted, and it sounds fishy. "Defending one's land" would technically include anyone who defends themselves against intruders, South African farmers for example. Yet those are not counted because they aren't "defending" their land for environmental reason, while south american farmers that are murdered by "unknown assailants" or "criminal gangs" are included. Great marketing. Saves them tons of money and makes customers feel good for opting in. I'm not, it has nothing to do with race, it just shows that they are doing a somewhat weird definition of what gets counted and what gets discarded. The numbers they present are so small that the farm murders in South Africa would significantly change the picture. As I wrote: they include "killed by criminal gang" in South America, and as far as I know, the farm murders are generally committed by criminals in search for loot. It's sad that you can't mention South Africa without somebody showing up and implying that you are a white nationalist and completely avoiding to engage with the argument. Well, such are the days, I guess. Should it really be "shocking" as in "surprising and bad"? I appears to me that one would have to be willfully ignorant to not be aware that FB & Co are very likely lobbying against privacy laws. Having it confirmed should make you angry, but it shouldn't come as a surprise. Hey, if you can automate the process, you have a free backup service with unlimited storage ;) "We need to invade lots of countries, remove the dictators and then all things will be great" Yeah, no, please don't. Don't create the next Libya in 2019, just because you need to make place to buy new bombs. Weird. The data is flawed, at least for Germany. We do have "equal pay for equal work" ("Entgeldgleichheitsgesetz", literally "equal pay law"; the data says no), we do have paid paternity leave (and it's compulsory for women, they are compensated with "Mutterschaftsgeld", literally "Motherhoodmoney", defined in the "Mutterschutzgesetz", "Mother protection law"; they say no), and we have an added voluntary paid paternity leave that both parents can take ("Elternzeitgesetz", literally "Parent time law"). It's the World Bank, I would've guessed they pay attention to detail, but I suppose that's naive. Non-Paywalled: https://outline.com/3ntgAr This article gets basically everything wrong about German politics. No, the AfD could not "very quickly [...] force their way into a coalition, and eventually become the largest party in the Reichstag" (for one: it's called Bundestag, it's just located in a building called the "Reichstagsgebäude"). Neither the right nor the left wing parties have gained substantially since the last elections. Merkel has been a focus point for right wing engagement. And lastly: "far right" is a problematic party attribution when the far right is for all intents and purposes claiming policies that Merkel's CDU and her personally claimed 10-15 years ago. It's correct to say that the AfD has lots of far right members, though. It just hasn't shown up in their (stated) political goals, as it does for the actual far right parties we have. The market doesn't optimize for fairness, but for profit. If they can sell a product to women for more money if you color it in pink and write "Lady" on the packaging, they will (if those really are the only differences as suggested in the article). It's similar to that story where travel sites charged more if they identified people as Mac users - because they can. "We've sent out personalized spam, and it works" This isn't the AWS support forum, I'm afraid you've taken a wrong turn somewhere. You'll probably want a full blown privacy section, and self-host the fonts instead of using Google to serve it. Small improvments a) loading indicator while you're generating the image, and b) a quick way to copy the image URL (maybe with buttons for bb-code, HTML or just URL). Depends on jurisdiction, and possibly the design, i.e. if it's very artistic it may be protected, if it's a standard theme with a few colors changed it may not be. I have "millenial" burnout. I just can't cope with reading about millenials every day everywhere. non-paywalled: https://outline.com/DEwxG9 non-paywalled: https://outline.com/BPZ3Uh "Buy now for the low price of $99 and your privacy" I believe a lot of the problems with Google's results is that they still (heavily) overemphasize links as quality votes. That works fine if people do actually use links to say "look at this", but it doesn't work any more when links just mean "I'm doing this to manipulate google". Imho, if Google adopted a "cheat once, get banned" policy, most SEOs would drop most of their techniques. As it is now, they'll do whatever it takes and if they catch a penalty, remove the most aggressive things and ask for reinclusion. Voila, instantly back where they were before the penalty. If there was a risk to burn the domain for good, that looks very different. non-paywalled: https://outline.com/fMSNSn Who defines the terms "Nazis" and "terrorists", who defines who to ban? Is it the original "Nazi" definition, or some modern diluted definition where the number of Nazis has skyrocketed? Do we allow content from "freedom fighters" and "rebels"? If it's not a POS, maybe you could just talk to POS-vendors and supporters. They already have the contacts and can act as multipliers. > On their platform, YouTube does. I agree that they'd be the ones to make that call on their platform in general, but I don't think they do or even want to. They rely on society to tell them what is and isn't acceptable. I always have problems when somebody reaches for terms like Nazis and terrorists in an effort to censor/deplatform people, because I feel like it's a trap. On the one hand: who is against literal Nazis? On the other hand: I've been called a Nazi before, and I'm pretty sure I'm not a Nazi, so now I don't know if I'll be included in the proposed banning, or if it's just about literal Nazis. That's why I tend to ask for a definition. Sure, there's always a grey area between OK and not OK, but I think for things like violence, abuse etc that area is quite small. For things like "Nazi" it is when you're taking it literally, but it's very much not when you're looking at modern circumstances, where some people declare everyone a Nazi that is to the right of them. That might work if they were very far right and saying "there's no acceptable position to my right", but they are usually pretty far left, and I don't agree that there's no position to their right that is acceptable. As far as I know, it requires intent to do something illegal, i.e. running an illegal platform for drug & gun sales with the intent of providing that service. Just running a tor node wouldn't be touched imho, but yeah, it's a terrible idea in general. > By your logic, Youtube would have to host child pornography, because "how do you define child pornography?" I agree with spaginal that child pornography isn't a very grey area. If you're asking people to decide who is and isn't a Nazi, I believe you'll get much more different ideas than if you're asking about child pornography. Is Sam Harris a Nazi? Is Joe Rogan? They were named as far right-adjacent and far right influences in a report - would they be banned from Youtube under your idea? I talked to a lawyer friend of mine and he confirms that the law is pretty broad, but not that bad. A person using TOR won't be targeted on this, they already have laws to get buyer & seller. General news have the usual problem with technology: terminology. This doesn't sound like spyware at all, but rather like software to spy on your competitor. https://www.techinasia.com/uber-allegedly-secret-program-spy... is more clear: "Called Surfcam, the program developed by an Uber staff scraped data that competitors “published online” to figure out how many drivers were on their systems in real-time and where they were, the report said quoting anonymous sources." I agree, there's tracking and there's counting. SimpleAnalytics appears to just count hits, but doesn't track users - no cookies set, no browser fingerprinting. Sure, we have to trust in them really not storing IPs etc, but it does look good. Not tracking users, only global site usage. When / where was mod_perl ever widespread? Perl was usually provided via CGI, and php was mostly deployed with mod_php back in the day which gave it a great speed advantage, often at the price of security. I know that Perl was earlier, I've worked with Perl before PHP came around. However, I've never seen a shared hosting environment that offered mod_perl, they were all using CGI. Might be region specific, I've mostly worked in Western Europe, but even the two NA-based providers I've used back then didn't offer mod_perl for shared hosting. You could certainly get it on a managed server, or set it up yourself on your dedicated box, but PHP's strong suit was the low-end shared hosting options. It ran anywhere, and usually fast. > I don't doubt there are many brilliant people working there, but their product is crappy and even user hostile on many levels. The alternative interpretation is that there are brilliant people working on it and their product is great, the user just isn't the customer. Brilliance doesn't imply ethical behavior ;) That might well be true, but there are long-term plans, not everything is reactive. The US global hegemony project for example was a long term strategy that was planned and decided upon. Local implementations may be reactions to local circumstances, but it's not like everybody was busy playing cards and they accidentally stumbled into building an empire. I'm sure it's not a small circle of shadowy people that only meet at 2am and require a heavily sedated black cat for each participant, but there are plans and decisions, and actions carried out that commit the country to tens or hundreds of billions of dollars and military involvement measured in decades. Those aren't "oh gosh, what's this now? well, put some duct tape on it, I suppose" reactions. Are you allowed to claim that the software you're selling is proprietary, owned and copyrighted by you and then go after people that obtained them from the source (or are the original creator of said software)? Because that appears to be what Getty is doing. > The consumer gets to assume that Walmart has acquired all the licenses for everything it sells, and incurs no liability when Walmart doesn't. If you buy some Disney-branded stuff from Walmart and re-sell them, Disney will come after you if they aren't licensed. You can then go after Walmart to reimburse you for damages, but you can't say "sorry, Disney, I got these from Walmart, take it up with them", can you? It would be way to easy to set up a shell company that takes the fall if that was true. Didn't they? It sounds strange to assume that nobody ever wondered how this feature might be abused - it's not like that hasn't happened before in the history of browsers. > I can never tell if websites don't know how many people get turned away by how awful their websites are, or if they know but figure its a good deal. Having been told to implement aggressive exit-intent overlays on sites: I'm pretty sure it's the latter. A substantial amount of people don't bounce if you throw an annoying "do you really not want to know this secret?" overlay at them with an option saying something like "OK YES I WANT TO KNOW". I hate sites that do it, but for most sites, it's not tech-adept power users that make up the audience. Imho only Google can solve that. Give sites that do non-interaction overlays -100 and it will be a thing of the past. And if you publish a picture you bought on the web, you are the publisher and liable for copyright infringement. You'll still be accountable, "I didn't know they weren't able to sell licenses" doesn't protect you. That's one part of it, I'm sure. Another part is that if you pipe up, you risk getting shunned: loss of income, loss of status, loss of being "part of the cool kids". Sure, you can get another job (that pays less) but you'll probably not work at the same cutting edge technology, and when you tell relatives or friends who you work for, their eyes don't light up. If somebody offered me five to eight times as much as I make today with a huge boost in status and other positive side effects, and all they ask is to quiet down those silly principles, I'm not so sure I'd say no. "You can still do good in 5 years when you've made enough money to be set for life", I'd probably tell myself. I agree partially. First of, I don't think the finance industry gets vilified for having flexible morals, they attract hate for having no morals at all. Certainly, you're right that we depend on each one to say "no, I won't do that", but I feel like there's a difference in quality: evil intent vs willful ignorance/negligence. There might be borderline illegal tax-dodging with large tech companies, there might be irresponsible data security, but there's not a lot that is comparable to the cum-ex-trades that large banks engaged in: no active defrauding of the government and/or citizens. Granted, it may happen once tech corporations have as strong a grip on governments as banks do, and feel secure enough that they won't have to face repercussions if it blows up. Plenty of banks, and not just the large, global ones have actively engaged in tricking their customers by selling them junk and hiding and/or downplaying important details to get their sales provision, and it wasn't something that was "only known at the top". I've yet to hear of scandals of a similar magnitude in tech. Chrome doesn't contain any hidden crypto-miner, and if it ever will, I doubt that an investigation would reveal everybody on the team knew about it - it would likely just reveal a security breach or a small amount of people subverting the processes. I do completely agree that tech isn't all sunshine, however. Behind pretty much every large scale data leak is an engineer that said "well okay if you want me to put this database server on the public internet and remove the password, I'm happy to do it" instead of refusing, and behind every horrible overreach in surveillance is an engineer that just blocks out the impact his work has on real people. There are people working on killer drones after all, and I don't think any of them are naive enough to believe that "they only target the bad guys". Your mail client isn't a company, that's not the same. You're right that the wording is important, and we do a bad job explaining what passwords actually mean, and how to treat them. A simpler analogy: Don't give your house keys to strangers, McDonald's has no business asking you for your keys to confirm your order. I don't think users need to understand why, they just need to understand what to do / not to do. I've taught my mother to never give anybody her passwords, not even me, and if anyone asks her for her password to call me. She's mildly annoyed when I'm helping her with something and I tell her to please input her password, but she's gotten used to it. Did it work? It did. The representatives for a car sharing company were poorly trained and asked her to write her email and her password into a form. She refused, walked out and called me because she was worried that they were trying to get into her bank account. Turns out they wanted her to choose a password for their service, and were just very bad at wording it (and had the terrible idea to have customers hand-write it into a form and let somebody transcribe it into the computer system) and the guys working in the office had only been handed a script, they didn't actually know what information they were supposed to get. I'm certain that they accidentally harvested a good number of valid email/password combinations since it's a leading company that is owned by a major car manufacturer and has a good reputation. It might be that they figure the Internet Archive is doing a great job, and there's no use to do the same job twice. They do contribute, being on of the largest (the largest?) book sponsor. > Google Search and Maps are two inventions that are so insanely useful, they may standalone be responsible for decades of faster progress. I don't know about this. Google Search was a great improvement in ranking by relevance, but an important invention itself? As for maps: as far as I'm aware, Google Maps was "just" a combination of two existing technologies - online maps and car navigation systems. They launched Maps in 2005, even Germany had online maps by 2000. Granted, they didn't look as good as Google's and the UX was inferior, but it wasn't a horses vs cars situation imho. I do agree that they were vastly superior, but I believe that the new and disruptive thing that Google brought to the table in those markets was the monetization model. They offer valuable services without any visible price tag because the data those services generate are driving the profits from ads. I don't know if they were the first to do this, but that's an invention in my book.. That's a gross misrepresentation of what I'm saying. My point is: the technology was there. Better UX, nicer integration into other services etc, those are valuable and good, and they alone can be enough to win a huge market share, but they are not innovations as in "introducing new concepts". A smartphone capable of using GPS to show your position on a map is great and way more accessible than a Magellen NAV 1000, but it's the GPS itself that is the actual breakthrough, the big innovation. Checking left and right are two jobs. And how often do you test each of your backups? It might get corrupted at any moment - is perpetual validation the answer? No, I'm not saying that at all. There are _some_ companies that run targeted campaigns to influence elections, sure, but they are a tiny minority in the world of tech. I don't like Uber's business tactics either, but I don't see them as the face of the tech industry - in fact, I don't really see them as a tech company. Count everybody who's main source of income is driving for Uber as an employee and the percentage of employees working tech roles is pretty small. Many large companies (including banks) have more and more complicated tech than Uber. Again, let me make that clear: I'm not arguing that every company in the tech industry is staffed by angels, but that intentional bad actors in tech are the exception, not the norm. > Borderline illegal tax-dodging by large tech companies is business as usual And I haven't said it wasn't, I've merely compared it with what the largest banks have been involved recently. I don't know if it got worldwide coverage - this is what I was referencing: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CumEx-Files > I don't see them warning their users that right now they are (maybe) not being profiled by governments for thought crimes, but the data is all there, so if in 10, 20 or 50 years time the government changes, this is a definite and very real risk. And I'd love for them to be legally required to explain privacy considerations to their users in such a way that informed consent can be given. Again: I'm not "pro big tech", I'm saying that big tech still has some room if they want to rub shoulders with big finance when it comes to amoral business practices. Big tech operates in a grey area, big finance hasn't seen anything but #000 in decades. I'm much closer to that position than the opposite. This doesn't go for day to day interactions between you and a bank clerk, but rather for product development, sales etc. Fortunately, the industry is much more heavily regulated that the tech industry. > will get you a lot more bang for your buck And it _really_ is a lot. A company I work with switched from running two servers with failover to AWS, bills went from ~€120/m to ~€2.2k/m for a similar work load. Granted, nobody has to manage those servers any more, but if that price tag continues to rise that way, it's going to be much cheaper to have somebody dedicated to manage those servers vs use AWS. Also, maybe that's just me, but I prefer to have the knowledge in my team. If everything runs on AWS, I'm at the mercy of Amazon. It is, especially when they are running a lot of base load, so it's not about firing up 20 nodes for an hour and then idling along on one node for the rest of the week. "We'd rather not manage the database ourselves" was the answer from the lead dev, and I do understand that: it's not the developers' job to manage servers. In this company, management has removed themselves from anything technical and the devs don't like managing servers, so they say "let's use AWS, we'll write some code once to create our environment and Amazon takes care of the rest" - and by this point they are committed, with months having been spent on getting things running on AWS, changing the code where necessary etc, so reversing it would be a hard thing to sell to investors and the team. Absolutely, and unless you're riding a roller coaster, you can always grow your team with demand. When your operation has grown enough, you can shift from consultants to employees to save money and get the knowledge into the company, you don't have to start with a team of three to manage one server. Do you know of any example of societies that were based on love, kindness, empathy and so on, and were stable for a prolonged time? Is it necessary to have an actual live video feed with an actual person that you've talked to before, or can you just have a video of a person that occasionally glances up to look at the camera? Committing to (and reviewing afterwards) what you want to accomplish does somewhat work for me. Ultraworking work cycles [1] are based on that by making you write down what you'll work on, how you'll start before each (short) session. When I really need a push to do something I don't enjoy at all, this usually does the trick. [1] https://www.ultraworking.com/cycles Did the effect wear off? Would you edit the videos before sending them to your team, or would they see a "how to do X" with a 10-minute sidetrack of checking HN? Do you stay productive with pressure though? I can work insane amounts of time (relative to what I usually do) and be very productive when everything is on fire, but if everything is on fire for a month or more, I doubt that I'll still have the same feeling of immediacy that I'll have on the first day. > I personally grow tired of eating such things after a while, but I don't think they are expensive/time-consuming and they do satisfy hunger. "Satisfy hunger" does sound pretty basic though, doesn't it? I don't think the idea was "you can survive for a long time on this", but rather "this is tasty, ethical and nutritious, go try it". Growing a single variety is likely too risky. While you may be able to minimize the risk with artificial watering, pest control etc, if it strikes, you'll end your company. Most companies don't aim for a series of all-or-nothing-bets even if the odds are in their favor on each one, they hedge their bets. Bananas are an example of a local single-crop bet, and they are hedged by planting different crops elsewhere. There certainly is a desire to reduce variety, but it's likely to come down to a few dozen plants (out of thousands, and for each one, there have been hundreds of variations and sub-types), not to a single one - too risky, and regional conditions are too different to have a one-size-fits-all-crop. Are the non-monogamous societies today that can rival the monogamous societies in their developmental state? There might be, but personally, I feel better knowing that the hotel records 200 rooms any somebody might watch it if something is broken than thinking that some person sits in his car with his cellphone and is watching me. And I'm pretty sure that it's less often in hotels as well - they are generally more professional. Well worth the extra bucks for me. Google+ obviously didn't optimize for engagement, that's why nobody was using it! Sounds more and more like a temporary modern art installation. "is becoming" != "is". If it does, it might very well fall behind as inner conflict consumes too much energy. That sounds more like targeted surveillance, though. "Hey, important government employee, you need to expect that your hotel room is bugged". Most people aren't important government employees that everybody in the world is trying to spy on, and no intelligence service will install bugs in their rooms. Netflix, Amazon etc are still major players in the rest of the western world. They do make deals with China, even if they don't have the same power as they do in the provinces of the american empire. Granted, they may be less important in the developing and third world, but those are in turn much less important globally, economically and culturally. Like it or not, what happens in the US is usually much more important for your local market than what some local player decides. Sure, if your company is important enough and you're important enough in that company. Again, doesn't apply to most people. Because you don't want to put hurdles between your users and posting a message. When you do, you're just creating incentive to move to another platform. Isn't this what most modern movies are, only the remixing isn't automated? I wonder what a script for an action movie would look like if it was just based off of statistics of all the previous action movies. Probably watchable. > One of the obvious solutions for this is to charge hosting fees, something like users paying $2 per video upload or so. That sounds like solving shoplifting by making customers pay an entrance fee. The majority of youtube uploaders are not the same 50 celebrities that rule the trending page and make thousands if not tens of thousands of dollars per upload. I'm amazed that people who's uploads regularly stay below 10 do upload at all, I'd be even more amazed if they started to pay serious money just to upload their daily morning chat. Personally, I tend to care more for what happens beyond the carefully selected trending page. The trending page summons my inner Kaczynski, the rest calms him down. I'd hate to see those people stop. Reading things like this, I wonder if there's actually a shortage of ethical understanding, that is, that people who do unethical things simply don't know that what they're doing isn't okay, that they perhaps never even had a thought occur in that direction. That could be solved by teaching everybody about ethics. My guess is that this isn't the case. People know that what they're doing isn't ethical, but they are doing it nevertheless because it gives them money, power, status, their desired partner etc. You can't prevent that by teaching them about ethics. Which is also what I'm hearing from the article. "I've done it, but now I've stopped doing it, and everybody who still does it is bad and cheating". Sounds like "yeah, market manipulation is terrible and evil, and now that I've made my millions from doing it, we should all stop" to me. Are you though? It's your job to find the right "influencer" and make sure that they can deliver what you're after. If you're unsure about the realness of their followers, just put some form of tracking into the contract. For every 100 clicks on the link, they get whatever money. If all you look at are follower counts and then throw your money at them, you're just bad at your job. Sure, I'm not claiming to be an authority on ethics here. It's just my experience that people aren't unsure of what's ethical and what's not, they just ignore their knowledge about ethics because it gets them what they want. That cannot be solved by making them more aware of ethics - they already are aware. Telling a pyromaniac about the dangers of accidentally setting a building on fire won't make him not start fires. > "Then why aren't we selling drugs?" Because Google makes much more money than the cartels and employs far fewer people, so it's more efficient and more profitable. > The average user doesn't even know about fingerprinting Yet. Give it one or two scandals, maybe involving a heavyweight like Reddit, and users will be aware of what fingerprinting is and why it's not in their interest to have their digital fingerprints taken, analyzed and stored every time they enter the internet equivalent of a grocery store. Give them analogies they can understand and they will feel like they're in a dystopian surveillance state movie, because that's what we're in on the internet. > I care about security, fingerprinting, etc... but most people don't and they don't want to learn about it. Imho they would care if they knew. They don't know so they don't even know why & what they should learn about it. That's why it needs scandals and good analogies to tell them about it. They won't read "weird" tech blogs, they need the evening news to tell them about it, and to explain it in simple terms. Kind of what Al Gore did back then with global warming: "the planet has a fever". Everybody can understand that. It's not technically correct, but it gets the point across. People don't know what other products are better than Apple's, so they rely on social proof: everybody is buying Apple, so it must be good, so they buy Apple. People are starting to shift away from Facebook because there's a narrative "Russia stole the election by using Facebook". It's wrong, but it gets the point across that Facebook's algorithms aren't transparent, FB has too much data on the users and whoever controls FB wields a powerful weapon. That got people's attention, that's what you need to for any technical issue that the general public should be informed about. This. Older people have families and long-term obligations. They usually can't afford to lose their job over politics or ethics. > Obviously this isn't the case, but I do find it curious that the market doesn't seem to prove a strong enough incentive for the people making hiring decisions to overcome their biases. Or the biases just aren't there in the way somebody from the outside perceives them, or the market would very much take care of it. This kind of reasoning ("the fundamental market mechanics totally don't apply" vs "my perception is probably flawed and things aren't as easy as they seem") reminds me of most people's early reactions when they encounter bugs: "this must be a bug in the OS/compiler/interpreter" vs "I must've made a mistake/misunderstood something". With more experience, they usually find out that it's somewhat unlikely to be the first person to encounter a super weird bug, and very likely to make mistakes. > I understand your criticism of my argument, that in this case only what is popular would be available but not what is niche and interesting. That too, but my point was mostly that barriers would hinder the business. Even if people could afford to pay, they don't want to, and there will be a place next door where they don't have to. The problem will be solved insofar that the users migrate away, and take the problems with them - and the ad revenue ;) > and that would cost more money than what is happening now, it is up to youtube how they choose to recover that cost. Youtube _makes_ money off of this sort of manipulation, they have literally no interest in stopping it. They just want the PR problem to go away. Leave. "The media" has been pretty anti-assange for quite some time, increasingly so since the 2016 election, so those awards are forgotten, I'd wager. It's going to be interesting. On the one hand it's a great opportunity to shit on Trump, on the other hand he's doing their bidding. My guess is that it's going to be a variation of "we hope the cruel man-child in charge isn't going to overstep the lines of due process, we will pay close attention #DemocracyDiesInDarkness", which he won't, and that will be it and everybody is happy, because "he did get his chance in court", like Manning. Is there a short overview version of that explanation that includes, for example, the "self-regulation" of the fishing industry? > But the rape allegations were manufactured, right? Not likely. To keep it hypothetical, if an opportunity arises, you take it. Similarly, the CIA didn't start vaccination programs in the third world to later use them as a cover to look for Bin Laden, but they did take the opportunity of those program's known existence as cover for their intelligence operations in Pakistan. > Extraordinary rendition would be pretty much impossible once he was in Police custody in Sweden anyway, so I don't know why you keep referring to it. Not really. You can release him from custody so he's on the street again. Afterwards, just kidnap him, drive him to the airport, fly him out to the US. That's standard operating procedure for US intelligence services in Europe with multiple documented cases. Thank you, I will. The title sounds like regulation (instead of self-regulation), that sounds much more plausible. > In two places I worked, the sales people weren't even allowed to go into the newsroom. And the journalists in turn aren't allowed to look at their own websites when researching a story? > A reporter is not involved in how a web site is built, or what goes on behind the scenes. But they do talk to IT people when they write stories about IT things, don't they? I'm all with you that it doesn't change the story's correctness one bit, but it does question the self-awareness of journalists as part of companies. Unless it's a secret move to get people to focus on the stuff their organisation does which they can't publicly comment on for fear of being sacked (by the ads people, presumably), that would be quite different. edit: I'd love to reply, but somebody in their limitless wisdom has decided to time me out for whatever reason. Wow, 10,000 per km² sounds crazy ambitious. By those standards, Germany is a ghost land, cities here barely reach those numbers in the densely populated parts, certainly not on average. > I'm not saying I support either of those, but comments like the one you made is inflammatory without being informative. Once the door is fully opened, everybody rushes through. Once more-or-less targeted assassinations have been normalized by a government, you can be sure that it will be used by every government following them, and ultimately by every other government on the planet. Effective tools will always be used. Be that mass surveillance, drone strikes, offensive cyber warfare or kidnapping people on foreign soil to fly them to torture camps. Wouldn't that person would be the best to test the constitution? If everybody loves you, you don't need the protection of the law. And if the law only works when everybody likes you, what good is it? Meh, in pretty much every company I've seen there are lots of entry level jobs to be done. Sure, you can ask an experienced developer to take care of them, and they will, but they'd rather apply their skills to more challenging tasks, or you could give them to a beginner, let them figure it out and run it by a more experienced dev to review. We've done that with a guy that had been out of programming for half a decade but wanted back in. Within half a year he was a great asset. I believe it's more about whether the person is happy to learn something new, not so much what they already know. > Nothing beats a human eye. Well, thousands of videos sure beat a human eye. Then you'll need lots and lots of people that watch those videos and make judgement calls, and there will be edge cases, and you will have to give people a chance to challenge those decisions, etc. For a forum with a few hundred posts a day, that's certainly an option. At Youtube's scale with hundreds of hours of video uploaded every minute of every day, I have my doubts. > The Trending page has been listing the same people over and over and over again for the last 3 years. Skytube (android app for YT that I like because it allows shutting off the screen while playing) does call it "Recommended", and that feels more accurate. I agree that the Trending page is terrible. When I was more active on youtube, I hid it from my browser because I often couldn't resist the temptation to open it and then regretted it soon afterwards. Either Twitter figured that they don't care enough, or it's not that easy. Mass-flagging is still a thing they haven't solved, and what are you going to do? Kick out your users because they're trying to manipulate your powerful algorithm to do their bidding? There's easier ways to make your audience find a new platform. > People aren't dumb, but I think people have poor information literacy skills, which is linked to the decline in liberal arts education in favor of the emphasis on STEM education. Citation needed. Obviously, people from the humanities believe that they are very important and should be paid a lot to shepherd society, but that's not enough to convince me. Edit: Sorry, due to serial flagging thanks to this I can't reply. I don't care enough about this to retry later and get flagged again. Emotions apparently run too high if it concerns worldviews. No, Skytube doesn't use YT's subscription and recommendations. You locally set your subscriptions and the app checks for updates occasionally or when forced, no account required, no server-side profile (well, they could, I'm sure you stick out like a colorful bird using that client), no YT-defined sorting of what might interest you. And it has a bookmark & download function built in. I'm somewhat of a fan as you can tell, there's more on https://skytube-app.com/ and you can install it via F-Droid. They do have a Trending page as well, but I don't know how that's calculated. It's very random, has nothing in common with YT's Trending page, and I don't use it. > They (and remember, these people are supposedly developers) either ignored it, or just didn't read the docs. Or they forgot and their stance on it changed. I vaguely remembered (or thought I did) having seen it. Just checked my settings and it's disabled. I've gotten way more privacy minded in the last 24 months, so I figured I might have said "yeah, you can collect data" back when I first installed it, but now I'd prefer they didn't. A middle way would be to periodically remind people, "hey, you've consented to sending anonymous usage data to us so we can make better decisions. I just wanted to confirm that you're still cool with this" once a year or something, because at least for me, "does this app collect telemetry data?" is not something I constantly have in my working memory. I know the feeling. What has somewhat helped me is to not write for publishing to the general population but for somebody who doesn't know about the topic. A gentle introduction that they consider not too demanding to follow but feels like they have a better understanding after reading. You can publish later, but I find it easier to focus on a single person and make it useful for them. No. They figured if you present the decision makers with a way to massively increase their profits, they would happily trade long term advantages for short term gains. To Germany, it's either being spied on by the US or by China. There's no "we won't be spied on"-choice, it's only about how much they'll pay for the tech that might be used to spy on them. Banning Huawei makes no sense at all from that perspective. > What's the problem with writing something obvious? You're not contributing something useful if you're just pointing out the obvious. Yeah, you can write the ten millionth article on how to change the default slogan in WordPress, but unless that's the maximum extent of your knowledge, you're wasting your potential and everybody else's time. That's how I feel about it at least, and why I don't write stuff that's too obvious or has already been widely covered. In that case, I might give a small overview and some tips to newcomers and link to others that I think did a good job. Yeah, I believe you're right. It might be a matter of framing. If you show me the value of collecting telemetry data, what good decisions you've made because of it, how you got rid of that annoying thing plenty of users complained about because you saw that it affected a large group of users and wasn't just a loud dozen etc, you might sell it to me. Most data collection for "analytics" is just about you as the product owner optimizing the product for whatever goal you want to, engagement, sales, ad clicks, retention or what have you. I as a user that provides the data gain nothing from that and, being the target of those manipulations, I might actually lose (by spending more time on your site than I wanted to etc), but if you can show that I give data = I get better product, I don't think I'd be that hard to convince. I don't know if VS Code does something in that regard (if they do, they don't communicate it effectively enough to reach me), but I do like their approach in general - I once read through an issue where they discussed changing some component for a more advanced one and pretty much everybody agreed that the newer one was better, but they still had a few words on "how can we measure that? how can we make sure that it's not just us devs that work on this thing all day and it won't be the same for the people using it in their daily life on all kinds of experience levels". I liked that a lot (so much so that I still remember it months after reading), but apparently not quite enough to enable telemetry data ;) > And if they don't tell me why I have to listen to them, I won't. They might just be lying. "But they wrote in their intro that they are an expert" isn't a good way to determine whether they are an expert on the topic imho. > it is an excellent article About self/online marketing, not so much about writing. There isn't a lot of a difference to me: the obvious has been stated by nearly everyone. You're right that there will always be some that can benefit from what one might consider obvious, but the amount of people depends on the level of what you're writing about. There are people that don't know how to change the default slogan on a WP site after all. But don't get me wrong, I'm not trying to say that nobody should write about that, I'm offering my perspective on why I probably wouldn't. > By making it much more clear How? Unless you want to write out long, complicated laws, you'll rely on words like "kind", "friendly", "aggressive" etc that are anything but clear and rely on interpretation. You'll still need the group to agree on what those terms mean and kick out people that don't agree with that interpretation (and the individual circumstances) - which you could've had without a formal set of rules in the first place. > So lets just not bother with anything and give it all up to assholes cause they are just going to win anyway? No. Kick them out when you find them joining your group. A written set of rules just makes that more complicated because you have to follow those rules. If you're going to write it down, you have to follow it to the letter otherwise why would you write it down? And they _will_ find ways to abuse that. > that just makes you easier to fingerprint True, but on the other hand it's not so much about being fingerprint resistant, but about making fingerprinting not worth it. If you can identify 90% of users, you're good, you'll likely not spend twice the time to be able to identify another 2%. > But some level of explicit communication still scales better than silence and implicit expectations. For (very) large groups, certainly, because the amount of effort you put in doesn't really increase with the group size. For small groups I just don't see it. If there is no troublemaker, you don't need a codified system. And if there is a troublemaker, that codified system will be used against you and you will either be forced to disregard your set of rules (why have it in the first place if it's not binding?) to deal with the situation, or watch your group fall apart. I understand you'll still have a healthy amount of fear when in dangerous situations, but not a crippling fear. Non-paywalled https://outline.com/hefKak I understand the sentiment. Do you also avoid "made in america" for those reasons? I'm reading this differently. To most Americans, the issue is pretty clear: American geopolitics, industrial espionage and global surveillance benefits them, China doing the same does not. For Non-Americans, it's different, therefore their reactions aren't as simple as US good, China bad. Let me try to give you my personal perspective. Not a fan of the PRC (though strangely fascinated), I'm from western Europe. China has little to no influence here, the US has gigantic influence. China hasn't been wholesale spying on us, or hasn't been caught doing that yet. The US has, and probably still does. Chinese companies don't practically have monopolies here, US companies do. From my perspective, China might become a threat at some point, the US is a giant threat right now. I have a feeling that I'm not alone with that, and it might explain why you get a more nuanced reaction from Non-Americans to the China/US-conflict. Personally, I believe so, yes. When you have two competing powers, neither can abuse their power as much. Ideally, it wouldn't be just two, but two are better than one. If the EU could emancipate itself from the US, that would be a very welcome addition, but I don't see that happening anytime soon because the EU is made up of many interests and has no single government (and I'd love to have less EU, but for other reasons) so it's not able to compete at the same level. When the soviets were still a credible threat, the West needed to give their lower classes a piece of the pie because of the sweet promises the soviets spoke of (it doesn't matter whether they ever fulfilled them). Now that that's gone, they don't, and my country hasn't seen net wage increases for workers for multiple decades despite huge increases in productivity. We have seen a drop on corporate taxes and more tax evasion for the ultra rich, though. Possibly, but that might also just be a rationalization for protecting your interests which are generally aligned with those of your country. There are many variables, but I don't think that "China mistreats it's people" isn't high on the list for "We need to keep Huawei out and rely on US technology only". Technological and economic influence/power are much more important, Realpolitik wins every time. Possibly, but so far the NSA didn't show any restraint, so how big is the risk that they get more appetite? On the other hand, it might well be that "you spy on us? we'll buy from China then" makes them take it down a notch, and the same will apply to China. Choice limits the power the supplier has over the buyer. Of course, it could also lead to the two global powers having an agreement, splitting up the world and nothing really changes, but if there's a chance, there is hope. It's not "WordPress sites", it's "A few WordPress sites running some old plugin". > From there if the counter-notice isn't accepted by the copyright owner, they would have to file a lawsuit with the copyright infringer. But can you as the alleged infringer sue the claimant? Same here. Cryptic alias on my own domain that I never use for anything else. It's rare though, I get one spam email to that address once every few months now, and it's always shopping/review-related. I've contacted Amazon to ask how, when and with whom they shared my email address and their response was basically "we don't ever, but here's a month of free prime for your trouble". Amazon is making money on all sides: ads, "amazon's choice", and when you buy something that will break soon, you buy twice, and Amazon gets their commission twice. So far, I don't see any incentive for them to change anything. > They are trying to fix the problem doubt. Amazon has unlimited data on everything, they could fix that if they wanted to. They just have zero incentive to: the sales happen on Amazon's platform, a lot of them use FBA, so Amazon is getting paid. I didn't downvote it, but it sounds a bit like "learn to code" to me. "Go tell amazon" isn't a feasible strategy when Amazon's general disinterest is a big part of the problem. Depends on what you're trying to achieve, I suppose. Most Western European countries don't know any intergenerational poverty similar to US-levels (housing and basic needs are always taken care of by the state, education + health care is free), but still ended up with parallel societies for some immigrant groups. From glancing at their site, it doesn't look special at all. Google maps, Analytics, Facebook, and ads. You don't have to hire a legal team and make them work for a year to write a GDPR-compliant privacy information for that, you can get one from a wizard that will be fine and only set you back $20. > a) read articles of companies that spend $100.000 for law consulting companies so the company is sure they follow GDPR rules, b) not read any articles at all. Which company do you know that spent that much money to make a simple news website GDPR-proof? Yes, it was a lot of annoyance to deal with a year ago, because we had zero precedent, badly worded laws, idiotic domestic laws, and predatory lawyers creating urban legends. Yes, I hated it too. My guess is that about 30% of sites in Europe are compliant. Nothing happens to the other 70%. How bad was the transition? For your average website, it cost you about 50 Euros and a few hours of work to understand the basics. Once you've worked on one, the time required drops massively, and the money drops to zero. "Tech Men" (all) vs "These Men" (some). Weird change in the headline. > But no one wants to immigrate to European countries because they think it is a "land of opportunity" At least no one with a high market value, yeah. I agree in general, Europe's model is very different from that of the US, it's much more stable, less flexible, much slower moving, more regulated, with higher taxes. You don't rise quite as high, you don't fall quite as low. It's "move fast and break things" vs "don't break things, move at an appropriate speed". They don't have people ... they have "human resources" ;( Though European companies (and states) have been quite happy to go break people, too. They're just not breaking them in large numbers at once, yet. If your business case is running a website, it really isn't. Yeah, you need contracts with Google for Analytics etc, but that's done with a few clicks. If you're running an ad network, or an Analytics service etc, that's something very different. Do they do that? > One would think we need interest groups more. Would love to see more of those, especially in the EU, and the way they have them in the US. I'd love a privacy focused action group, but I don't want to buy a host of unrelated political issues with that. The EFF and similar organisations do a pretty good job at that, would love if we had more groups like that over here. Be happy that today it's not life on this planet or the universe itself that is at stake. ;) In my experience, there are primarily three kinds of people that regularly claim there's a lot on the line, and it doesn't matter what their political views are. 1) young people that are inexperienced, 2) people that need to feel good about fighting for something important, and 3) people that exploit the other two by appealing to that. It's a good tactic to motivate your base, but like crying wolf, it loses it's effectiveness when done too often. True, but EFF and others managed to get past that as well, I think mostly by not overreaching, always being fact-based and consistency. It would certainly take quite a while to gain enough trust and support if you're not ideologically aligned. I worry that it's just hard to do. It takes a special kind of person (and lots of them) to keep general politics out, even more so when you're successful and advocating your personal politics would be easy and effectful. Oh, and being vigilant so you don't get co-opted by a political movement. > More than a dozen democracies have fallen in the last twenty years. Many times that over the last century Is "the party I prefer has lost the election" the same as "a democracy has fallen"? Because I really don't see a dozen democracies that left democracy behind, and certainly not many times that. I suppose it depends on your definition of democracy, but for anything close to the common understanding of a modern liberal democracy, that just sounds ridiculous. That has never been different. Cloudflare & co are reverse proxies, for all intents and purposes from a user agent view, they are where the content is coming from. They are the ones pointed to in DNS, and they have valid SSL certs. Have you noticed ranking improvements? We've done AMP on some sites and not others and we saw no difference in ranking. Sure, having a very quickly opened page is nice, but on the other hand, features are limited. That might or might not work well, depending on what kind of content you have, what engagement you're looking for. > And how is this all that much different? It changes the meaning of the address bar from "this is who I'm talking to" to "this is who (at some point in time) signed this content". The CDN is you, for all intents and purposes. It's your agent in the back and forth, as much as your hosting provider would be. A third-party cache isn't. I don't mind that you can sign and verify content, that's fine and useful. I'm just not a fan of changing the address bar's meaning. Non-paywalled: https://outline.com/ppaXyJ > it already only tells you who published the content No, it tells you the origin of the document. If you are the creator, and you choose to put your content on server X it will tell you "I've got this from server X". Whether that server is a reverse proxy or a shared webhost or a dedicated server in a DC or a raspberry pi running on your desk doesn't matter - it's the designated original that you, the owner of example.org chose. That's what it always meant, and it changes when you do a redirect, and it shows you the current URL even if there is a canonical header of http-equiv. I can put a reverse proxy on my host and proxy example.com to example.org - the address bar tells you that you're reading example.com, not example.org, as it should, because you're connected to me, not to example.org. Why the down votes? I'm sure there will be more nuanced and better explanations, but imho the gist is that SV is generally very, very socially progressive while Trump is -at least publicly- populist right-wing-ish which puts him on the other side on lots of issues. Before 2016 Trump wasn't an active politician of relevance, so there was little to no reason to oppose him. Are the work hours very different between working extremely long hours in a factory and working extremely long hours on a farm 70 years ago? One Child Policy was certainly a huge factor. So is probably a strong rise in wealth and education, which are both linked to lower birth rates. Good point. It's hard to have children when you're physically apart for most of the year, and it's even harder to raise them when you're not home. Do children generally stay with family in the rural areas, or do they stay with one or both parents in the industrial zones? True, there's less incentive to have large families, and it's a practical issue as well, I suppose. You can have your child around and keep an eye on them while you're working on the family farm, but you can't take them with you into a factory and sit them down next to the assembly line. Are there plans to do the opposite of OCP? I suppose it's easy-ish to forbid people to have multiple children, but to force them because you now need them? It might be that the incentives offered in Western European countries aren't large enough, but it seems counter-intuitive - we had much larger families when the incentives were much smaller. The long established population has very few children, recent immigrants (from poorer countries) have more, but also show falling birth rates within a few generations. And that's in countries with free education, usually free healthcare for children, tax rebates, financial support from the government et cetera. What a strange idea. Ah well, so be it, I will make sure not to do that again. Are you sure? It seems to me that most people just have more important stuff to worry about. Paying taxes, rent, buying food, health issues, personal safety etc. Privacy seems to be a luxury topic, and thus is more important to those that need not worry about the fundamentals. > Forward me all of your emails if privacy isn't an issue. What do I get in return? Privacy is a trade off, and that's how it's sold. "We need more CCTV cameras to stop crime". Do you want more crime or more privacy? Depends on how bad the crime is, I guess. "We need to record your likes to show you more stuff you like". Is FB worth it? It is to many, apparently. > Why do people in "tech" outsource their judgement on this topic to people who aren't even in the room I'm not outsourcing my judgement, I don't use Facebook. But many people do, so they seem to view it as a net benefit, unless Facebook has literally started to strap people to their chairs and force them onto the app. You can argue that they are wrong and shouldn't value "connecting with friends and seeing memes" over privacy, but that's a different discussion. You're conflating rights issues with a choice. You can choose to use Facebook just as you can choose to drink coffee, eat lots of sugar or live a sedentary life style. Sure, let's talk about free will, but that's completely unlike sexual self-determination, slavery, segregation etc. > You figure out what you consider to be right, and then you fight for it. No, I don't. I figure it's right to not drink alcohol, but I don't fight so that nobody may drink alcohol. I just don't drink it, but it's fine if you do. Be their free will or not, I'm not forcing anybody to live by my standards. I host my own, I want control and I need to be GDPR compliant. > it is inconceivable in Western Europe that homelessness would be tolerated near a national monument There are two options for that: a) solve homelessness b) send in the police to make sure the homeless stay where you can't see them. I don't know about other Western European countries, but neither is done in Germany. You will see homeless people in Berlin near monuments. Maybe Berlin is an exception, but I have some doubts. > Given it’s an extremely wealthy country I always have huge problems with statements like these. What makes a country wealthy? The size of the federal budget? The amount of debt? The private wealth of the median citizen? The number of billionaires? And even if you find a country to be wealthy while having social issues - how much should it invest, and how should it prioritize, and who should be paying the extra taxes, or which other parts of the budget do you want to reduce? I don't believe in the "wealthy country" meme in a "look, you have lots of money, why don't you just buy a new pair of pants" way. > The only discussion should be “how do we fix this?” I'm certain that nobody sits there and says "Listen, we must not fix this, otherwise we lose our edge". It's just hard to fix. You can temporarily make homelessness disappear by simply throwing money at it, but you won't solve it. Homelessness in general isn't so much a financial problem as it's a mix of mental health, drug abuse, bureaucracy, broken housing markets and certainly many more factors. > I'm more than willing to pay more in taxes How much more? I'm not trying to argue against what you're saying, but I believe that many Americans don't have a good idea of what it costs to run a Western European welfare state. What's the pain maximum for you? 10% more taxes? 50% more? 100% more? > It certainly isn't harmless, not even close. True, but it's usually not an immediate threat, and that's the one where people get hospitalized. Living on the streets certainly isn't good for your health, but it's closer to "smoking, drinking and unhealthy diet" than to "putting a razor to your throat" in terms of immediacy, and it's the latter part where most people agree that the state can and should act against your "will". I don't know about other countries, but I've not seen the math come out in favor for Germany. 45% max federal income (with 43% quite easily reached), 19% VAT, high taxes on energy consumption. Even in high tax states like California, you don't usually reach those levels. Using the -yes, flawed- tax freedom day gives a pretty good picture, I believe. > There aren't nearly enough homeless people to drive taxes up by that degree Sure, but a welfare state isn't just about open homelessness, it's about free education, free health care etc as well. > like universal healthcare Nope, we pay that on top, currently ~14% of your salary (half of which is paid directly by the employer), the same goes for pensions etc. You do get free healthcare only if you're unemployed, but that's not reality for most Germans. I'm not arguing that a welfare state is a bad idea, I'm just saying that you won't get it for what you'd currently pay in the US. I believe that many people don't actually know what it would entail - for example that you'll typically land in a federal income tax bracket about double the rate compared to the US for a similar income if you're in Germany. If it works out for you to live cheaper in Norway, that's great, but Norway has a very special position due to the vast oil wealth, that's not typical for Western Europe. Also, I'd love for HN to stop flagging just because they disagree politically. It's so annoying to get timed out because of a civil exchange of arguments and opinions. Always look for light in the dark: this community has convinced me that direct democracy isn't a solution for moderation - it means giving the power to censor to those who are most willing to use it. And an example like that isn't what "the homeless population" in general does on a daily basis. That's where the state can interfere, but it's the large majority that doesn't snap that live unhealthily but aren't an acute danger to themselves or others. Yeah, and that's terrible, I'm not saying that it's not happening or that it's not bad. It's just that there are many homeless people that don't act that way, so you can't solve homelessness by institutionalizing people against their will. The vast majority aren't an immediate threat to themselves or others. Some are, and most people are okay with forcing help on them. For the rest, offering help is all you can do, but if they aren't ready to take it, you can't force them. > 1. You're setting a record here in moving goalposts. No, you're replying in a subthread that you didn't want to apparently. To quote myself: "I believe that many Americans don't have a good idea of what it costs to run a Western European welfare state". > Free public education has made this country what it is today Possibly. I think high skill immigration has also played a very strong role. And again, since nobody is reading what I'm writing before flagging or angrily replying: I'm not arguing that a high tax welfare state is necessarily a bad idea. While I do believe that it creates bad incentives and has to be very well calibrated (which is hard and usually fails in my experience), that's not what this is about. The point is that it does not come for free . You will have to pay for it, and you will pay via taxes. You should be aware of that, and I'm interested in finding out how much more people are willing to pay. The reactions I get (anger, disbelief, flagging) lead me to believe that people are vaguely aware of that fact, but don't want to face it. I suggest they do before they implement it. That applies to regular theft as well, it's illegal and still it happens. I'm not a lawyer, but I'm pretty sure that using a guessed key to transfer funds is as illegal as using a guessed password would be to transfer funds from one bank account to another or using a "guessed" house key to enter a house and walk away with the TV. That's not to say that you have a lot of options to get your ether back, but that's not fundamentally different from regular theft either. > This is basically theft where there is no risk for the thief. Sure, my point is just that the difference isn't in legality or possibility for recourse, but in the probability of successful enforcement of the law. The problem isn't so much that the thief is in another country, even if he lives next door to you, it's impractically hard to track him down unless he makes a mistake. > A friend recently had their vehicle broken into. A thousand dollars worth of physical items were stolen. Half of it was recovered quickly by checking local pawn shops. Good luck doing anything like that with Ethereum and a foreign bandit. That's true, at least for recognizable things. If the thief steals currency, e.g. a stack of dollar bills, you'll have about the same potential to get those bills (or others) back unless you locate the thief. The jurisdiction adds a layer of confusion, but that's not the relevant part imho. If I break into your mail account and illegally transfer your domains to my hoster, you'll have high chances to get them back, even if I'm in another country or continent, because there's a central authority that has the power to make it happen if you can provide sufficient proof. There's no such authority for ether (well ... they could fork, but realistically, they won't) or cash, and that's what makes it hard. You can exchange for Monero to gain anonymity, and there will always be a way if you're willing to pay for it. 80% of a few millions is still a good sum. > It doesn't matter whether the propagandists succeed or not-their mere unfettered existence is enough to disturb people. Are you sure that the demonopolization of the marketplace of public opinion isn't disturbing a small minority that in turn riles up the public? That is: are you sure that "the people" at large are worried about "populism", "propaganda" and "trolls", or are they merely worried because the media tells them that it's basically the end of the world as we know it? I agree but I'm not quite sure what you mean with your last statement. Lacking knowledge of "perfect" size for cities (and countries) is one thing, and iirc there are people studying just that (looking at stability, self-reported happiness of citizens, crime, mental health etc), but what technology would we need to implement the results? "Let's split this country into five smaller ones" doesn't sound like a technological problem ;) > The safest countries in the world are democracies last I checked. More importantly, they are rather wealthy countries with a long history of highly functioning societies and political continuity where power was gradually transferred from royalty to citizenry (typically by force), usually somewhat collectivist (the US being the exception, but they're also not the safest), widespread higher education, without a strong emphasis on tribal kinship. You need a strong foundation to build a fragile house like a liberal democracy, it's not like Western Countries transcended from tribal societies in a constant state of war to modern democracies in a generation or two. "Criminals" as in "a thief in a modern society": certainly. "Criminals" as in "an aggressive group/tribe that will enslave or murder you if giving the chance": probably not. You could argue that modern liberal democracies just hide the ugly parts, not necessarily end them. Whether you have your neighbors working 16 hour shifts in your factory or you have people in Bangladesh work 16 hour shifts in your factory doesn't really make a large difference: you're still making people work 16 hour shifts in your factory, only different people. To me it mostly involves stability, both politically and economically, centralized organization and institutions, and medium and long term predictability. You're certainly right that it doesn't seem complicated on a meta level, but I don't believe that educating people is enough to jump start it. It takes trust in your neighbors, the processes, institutions and the system, and trust needs to be earned and developed. You seem to be focusing too much on a single part. My point is that democracy relies on multiple pillars, it's not just a concept that you explain and voila, it works, you need a mix of pre-requirement. If you have none or few of those, chances are you won't keep a democratic system even if installed. Austria, Germany and certainly others in the West are looking to completely outlaw online anonymity. That sounds neither focused nor limited to me. > Democracies are the most transparent, free societies with the least amount of violence. How do you weigh each one of those? What if a country is more transparent but also has more violence than another one? How are taxes handled, do they automate based on digital records or are those still the individuals duty to report? How was that before widespread digitalization, how much privacy is/was ingrained in chinese culture? I'm asking because I had this "worlds apart" feeling recently as well when I googled my swedish uncle's address to see whether I had it formatted correctly. One click later and I was looking at his income, how many cars are registered to him & his family, what make and model they are etc. If that hasn't changed, the people packing your box don't even see your name or address, the package gets automatically labeled at a later stage. > contrarian or just crazy? > Brexit does more damage than nuclear bombs crazy. 170 characters per line, light grey on white background ... you really don't want people to read that, huh? Imho it depends on your target audience, monetization plan and amount of traffic. Audience isn't tech-savvy? Ignore them. Monetization depends on JS (ads served via js etc)? Ignore them. If you have little traffic and few conversions, investing extra money in a good no-js UX might not be worth it. If you're getting lots of traffic, even a small increase in conversion might mean hundreds of sales a day which quickly makes a bit of development time worthwhile. The SU was also much smaller than NATO wrt to population, it's reversed with China. Number 2 doesn't get to control what the numbers 3 - X do, number 1 does. US wealth depends on being the primary global power. Yeah, it's not a 2:1 thing, but 40% more is still significant. NATO countries are much more industrialized than China (the same applied when the SU was the opponent), so that certainly helps. What I really love about sass is using https://include-media.com/ I hate writing media queries, but @include media(" tablet") { } Takes most of the pain away. > The software used a malware technique used by the NSA to restart crashed services. Your click bait headline is bad and you should feel bad. Where is that fundamentally different in other countries for very large (especially domestic) players? Will Germany actually take a swing at Volkswagen? Will Germany try to go after those that defrauded the government with cum-ex-trades? Everybody vs banks regarding the Libor scandal? Sure, they paid some fines, but the fines were far below the damage done, and it appears to still have been a good investment for the banks, that is: all in all they made money, fines included. Crime does pay at that level. That's not something US specific, I believe. > However it violates the principle of least astonishment. How come a button inside .header differs from the button inside a .footer, then where are the differences defined, inside the button.scss or header.scss? Then one must take into consideration CSS Specifility and sprinkle !important everywhere. That's true. On the other hand, who is still trying to figure those things out without using their browser's dev tools and source maps? Using Sass also doesn't mean that you can't use two button classes or utility classes. No, but I do occasionally check https://www.reddit.com/r/HMDprogramming/ to see what others are doing. > Not only that, but the paper was cited over 1000 times?! With a bit of mining, you could probably identify other likely BS papers by looking at what they cite. Has that been done before? 50% improvement for sleeping vs not sleeping at all. > We, at Bunkerify, have developped, thanks to our experience in IT security, algorithms to hide your secrets without modifying the behaviour and the ease of use of all these CMS. > Our algorithms do deep obfuscation of the sensible content of configuration files, that make it unreadable by a human. A pirate have to make a very long work of reverse engineering to understand what we done, and then, try to counter it. > Bunkerify uses deep security algorithms Who upvotes this garbage? HN isn't a promotion platform for snake oil and click bait, so please refrain from misusing it as such. > If enough expected messages don’t show up, users are going to start thinking gmail is broken. I doubt that. They will rather consider that the people (or their IT) that send them emails made a mistake. It's Google after all. But you can mark it as "not spam" (and hope that it does something, I guess) while you (as the recipient) have no options whatsoever with a hard rejection. > It emphatically does not need more of those, especially petty ones related to email. What's the alternative? Making sure that the recipient gets the message by sending a courier to his home address? I remember when a buddy of mine, back in the pre-email days, applied for a job at a company. About a week later, he received a letter, asking him to call them. Turns out, he forgot to put his contact info into the application, but they were interested enough to look up his name in the phone book (they also have/had street addresses were I live) and write him a letter, hoping it would reach the right person. "Always put your contact into into an application" isn't a petty rule, and neither is "use an email-provider that doesn't randomly reject messages" in my book. The common term is Princelings , I believe. > then you're stuck with the empty storefront again in a year while they have a nice indefinite recurring revenue stream So that risk is worse than ... being stuck with an empty storefront? > Why is it the end user's job to determine what is spam and what is legitimate? Who else could determine that? I could hire you to send me emails about Viagra sales. They would not be unsolicited, because I specifically asked you to. They wouldn't be commercials, either, so they wouldn't be Spam. An automatic filter can't determine if it's spam or not, it can only take an educated guess. > If you're a paying customer, you definitely can get a human being to look at your problem. Doubt. We're paying ~$10k/month on ads. The Ads API is rate limited, but it's either broken or has arcane logic, so about every 4-6 weeks, the usual workload will trigger it and we're shut out for 12-24 hours. Can talk to ad support whenever I want, but all they are good for is optimizing campaigns and explaining the UI. No option to get to technical support, no option for ads support to escalate. Of course, we might not be a large enough customer, but it certainly isn't about "paying". Thank you, but I and pretty much everybody at the company has given up months ago. We've tried everything we could (well, I guess we should've tried to go viral on HN or twitter...) and it got ignored again and again. It has become a bit of a rite of passage when somebody new arrives, they see the error ticket for the first time and are eager to dig into it and solve a long standing problem. It's like a trust fall, only the lesson is not to trust, and you learn that lesson by falling. Or their development team was made up from people they got from Accenture. It's not uncommon for large consultant agencies to place staff at clients where they've worked on projects before. Those people, of course, have divided loyalties. > I don’t think big g can turn it around, but I’m rooting for them. I believe they can, but I don't know if they care to - they're highly profitable after all. What I really dislike about search is that, by treating links as currency, they have broken links. Lots of people won't put plain old links on their site because they fear it would hurt their rankings. Their overreliance on links as the sole quality indicator has, at least in my country, lead to the large media companies just renting out folders or subdomains - and whatever low quality content is published there ranks at the top. They still build good stuff, and I'm sure their engineers could "solve" search again, but it appears that their management doesn't want to. > Basically their engagement numbers were better for a larger amount of people by making search engines counterintuitive for early adopters. Which also makes sense ... if you present the "right" result immediately, the user visits one site and has completed whatever he sought to do. if you make him click through 10 pages, he has way more chances to see an interesting ad. The problem is that Apple doesn't have anything close to a monopoly if you consider them a player in "PCs" or "Smartphones". It's only when you consider "Apple PCs" or "iPhones" as a separate market that it would be comparable to the MS situation. It's also the cost of making business easy. You don't have to deal with a ton of different devices, Apple provides a lot of framework and services, so your work gets easier. It seems a bit like renting a store in a mall vs renting a store somewhere in town. > SINFUL and IMMORAL Well ... it was the Apple that got Adam and Eve kicked out of Paradise, right? ;) I suppose because every manufacturer has a monopoly if you limit the market to his products. 100% of Blackberry phones are made by Blackberry. I believe that you can make this argument for Apple easier than you can make it for others because they make most of the product (i.e. hardware, OS, most of the services), but it's still a lot harder than looking at Microsoft with >90% market share of all PCs and agreeing that that's a monopoly. I don't even think that Apple users want the government to fix Apple, it's the App vendors that want a better position in negotiations and journalists are happy to help if it's "big tech company does bad thing" because it's trendy. > I get that people want to see a company crippled but wiping out a quarter of revenue is a death-blow. So is a lengthy prison sentence for individuals. Should we get rid of those to make it fair? > There are numerous problems with this statement. One, you don’t know ahead of time what the fine will be. You can take an educated guess going off of what happened to you and others on previous occasions. If there are no examples of a fine that is "a death blow", your risk to receive one is low. Hell, you might not even get caught. It's hard to tell how much they get away with because there's no leak or whistleblower. I'm pretty sure that the reason FB isn't putting bogus charges on users' credit cards isn't that they wouldn't because of ethical reasons. It's that a) they'd likely get caught and b) they'd get into a lot of trouble. Companies aren't sex offenders or committing crimes of passion, they are much closer to rational actors, deterrence works great on them. > But I don’t understand why, on the basis of Cambridge Analytica, the company should be fined out of existence. I'm with you that it shouldn't kill them, but it needs to really hurt so they take better care (and not do illegal stuff in the future). I don't think something like this does. It's annoying, yes. Consider a similar scenario where a food or drug manufacturer doesn't check their raw materials and poisons a bunch of people. Should their supplier make sure that they don't sell them poisonous stuff? Absolutely. Do they themselves bear the responsibility to make sure that nothing bad happens? I believe so, so by skipping their own checks to save a few bucks, it's their fault. And you can be quite sure that in such a case, there won't just be a small fine - there will be a fine, and production halt with a lengthy and expensive re-certification, because the processes they had in place are obviously flawed. Yeah, FB doesn't produce food, so those regulations don't apply to them. I don't really subscribe to the theory, but there are many who believe that they have the power to sway elections - that certainly puts them in the same ballpark as the company that provides your aspirin or pizza sauce. We're doing something like that in Germany where some fines are calculated by how much you're making in a day, so you'd get "30 days' worth". Unfortunately, they aren't actually looking a your assets and income, but make a guess and if it's too high, you can provide proof that it's not accurate. It's usually far too low when you're in the top 5%. > Or maybe we could also hand down prison sentences like that. If you're young and steal a candy bar we can send you to jail proportionally longer than if you're old. Don't we do that somewhat based on income, only it's reversed? If you're poor, you get a harsher sentence - we might as well make it official. That implies that culture comes from universities, and I don't think that's true. They may be first among those describing culture, but they aren't creating it. And recently, I feel a lot of them tried to force change, leaving their role of scientist and becoming backseat politicians. They don't run for office but still try to make the rules. Yeah, like food and shelter. I get that "bills aren't important" is a thing if you don't have trouble paying them, but that's not the situation for everybody. "Hey, lighten up, have some fun, you don't need to work that hard" is cool if you're wealthy. It's an insult to somebody living paycheck to paycheck. They do have to work that hard. This is one of thew few things where I'm actually amazed that people really believe that it's all nurture. To me, you'd have to bend over backwards and ignore all common sense to arrive at that conclusion. Another is which way to hang the toilet paper roll, but I'm not going to say which one I think is the sane way, that's a bit too controversial. Hasn't it already? It certainly is in Western Europe, a way to distinguish yourself from the filthy masses that need to do physical labor and the slightly smarter but soulless engineers and lawyers and what have you. > Because philosophy heavily emphasizes critical and abstract thinking. I've taken a few classes in philosophy (it was my major for a while), and I can't tell if this is super different in the US vs Europe or you're just making stuff up, but this is just not what I saw. Yes, logic is part of philosophy, and everybody needs to take that class, but it's not heavily emphasized for the majority of students. Being able to write summaries and essays is, and learning the lingo, and reading (and hopefully understanding, or being able to pretend so well enough) the classics. > Better yet they might be able to really think about the consequences of the systems they build, whereas the tech industry mostly seems to have no problem and no concerns about building a global surveillance apparatus. Please don't. Studying in the humanities doesn't make you a better person, and it doesn't make you consider ethics in everything you do either. > School is the one place where we have an institutionalized system to study and progress the liberal arts as a whole Except not everybody agrees that is what life is all about, what's best for society, the country, humanity or whatever you choose. Somebody has to do the actual work, you know? Sure, we can all become philosophers and then starve to death, or we can make sure that we have enough people that know how to grow food. When it comes down to it, yeah, with all of my ethics training, I very much prefer people that know how to grow food over people that will explain that the ethical thing to do is to feed them first, because only they can lead progress and advance the liberal arts. But then again, I always had a thing for utilitarianism and was highly suspicious of the bourgeois elitism in intellectual circles. Mostly because of privacy laws. A court can't simply access tax documents, even if it might be helpful in this case. If they wanted to, they'd have to go the official route and the judge ruling on that would weigh the interest of the individual to keep his info private against the interest of the court to gain information. This obviously is easy when the documents are related to the crime, but as the crime/misdemeanor has already been decided upon and only the sentencing is to be done, privacy is usually given more weight. > Oh, and STEM is different? You're making claims about philosophy, I'm not making claims about STEM - I don't know what you're trying to accomplish. > Not everybody agrees, so therefore liberal arts education is invalid? No. Not everybody agrees, thereforce "liberal arts advances humanity" isn't agreed upon and shouldn't guide us. Let's agree upon it first. > you're saying "nobody should do anything but the work" No. I'm saying "please contribute". And by "contribute" I mean "do something that all/most/many consider to be of value". If we start defining "contributing" to mean something that the individual believes to be valuable, then it's just random. Build houses, grow roses, torture people, whatever, as long as you feel like it's a good idea, you're contributing. > But don't discourage others from doing what they want I'd never dream of doing that. I'm just saying: if you want to do what you want, please pay for it yourself. Don't make me give you part of my money to indulge in your personal pleasures. Yeah, I've seen part of that on the web, but I never know how much of it is ironic. It's very different in Europe, there may be some mocking, and we also don't create unlimited jobs for every graduate, but they'll most likely not end up doing minimum wage jobs, and most of them easily transition into working in the media, for the government, large corporations or foundations. $10 is actually high. If you don't care what TLD it is, get a german ccTLD. Prices start at €2.50, all you need is an adminc in Germany, which many registrars will happily provide. > Domain squatting would have to be managed somehow. Good luck ;) Why do we need individual registries at all? I kind of get it regarding ccTLDs and enforcing local law, but what do the registries do besides "being there", taking registrations from registrars and controlling the zone file? > When the users moved to other Reddit groups, they did NOT exhibit the same level of hateful behavior. As the article suggests: it's likely they found an off-reddit outlet for the stuff they no longer were able to do on reddit and continued to use reddit for their other interests (well, they left reddit at higher rates, too). That is, if you want to make sure that Twitter's hate speech rules work and make "the world a better place", you also need to look at gab.ai & co at the same time to see whether and how much of the hate speech "moved" and how much simply stopped. This study confirms that pushing criminals out of one neighborhood "works" - for that one neighborhood. Reddit is such a neighborhood, Twitter is another. > Yes, but "there's always somewhere" may stop being true if we enter that dystopia. That's true. That "somewhere" might become TOR because everything else is well regulated. In the end, you can technically also always meet like minded people in your basement to do whatever the government doesn't want you to do in public, so there's always "somewhere" ;) > The users that stayed had a dramatic drop in hate speech. Which might mean that they don't engage in hate speech as much, or that they do the hate speech thing on another platform and follow their normal hobbies on reddit. > Actually, it specifically neither confirmed nor contradicted that assertion, as it was out of scope to track to other venues, or address the larger problem of the entire society. Yes, that's about the study. The article does suggest it: Of course, it’s not so simple as all that. Naturally, many of the users who previously spewed racial slurs at CT just moved over to Gab or Voat, where their behavior is proudly fostered. > The dedicated haters will still make the effort, but the vast majority of lazy bigots will just drift along elsewhere, without enhancing & aggravating their bigotry. Again, that's what needs to be proven. All we know is that they didn't see it on reddit at the same rate, not that it happened less or that fewer new people engaged in hate speech, or that those engaging in it stopped. Did those include the inactive account, or is it the rate of activity of those that showed signs of life? > and you were singling out philosophy No, I wasn't. You made claims about philosophy and I uttered my doubts because they didn't match my personal experience at all. You then decided to tell me how bad STEM was, which I hadn't even mention. > you have a severe misconception that none of these “bullshit majors” are useful That's not what I said. They might very well be useful, my point is that we should let the market decide whether they are. Vague statements about some loss of culture or a descent into dystopian nightmares if we don't finance them just isn't that - it's fear mongering to push something through without giving those a vote that are supposed to pay for it. > “torture people” is bringing your argument to absurity You should've taken a few philosophy classes, especially logic. Using extremes and hypothetical situations is what you do to test an argument/claim. If you present a claim and I present to you an example that makes your claim fall short, there's no "well, exceptions prove the rule", that's not how logic works. > You’re basically arguing that individuality is a bad thing now. Somewhat, sure. I don't like the kind of individuality that wants all the freedom but puts the responsibility (that is: footing the bill) on other people. Either say "I want to be free, and I will suffer the consequences of my decisions" or enjoy the protection of the collective at the cost of having to also submit to the collective's rules & needs, and limit your freedom. If you want the collective to pay for what you study & work in, choose something that the collective needs and it will gladly pay for it. > This is the reason, i think, corporate world HATES with passion such devs. Which is the right attitude, imho. Even if that person loves the company and would never leave - what if a bus runs them over? On a large scale, consistency is more important than excellence. You need to be able to plan, "if that guy stays, the project will be done in 4 weeks, but if he leaves, it will take four years" just won't work, because you cannot rely on it. It's much better to be able to say "it will be done in 12-14 weeks" with high confidence. Sure, your whole dev team might get run over and spoil your plans, but that's really a case of force majeur. > Do you think it's reasonable for a project to cost 10x as much just for that precious consistency? Somewhat, yes. You want to be able to plan. Inefficiency is often the price for being able to plan. Since it's often not only about this one project, a higher price is just fine - you may have to coordinate with marketing, legal, sales, manufacturing etc, then the total price will often be so large that the 10x of the software project doesn't really matter, but if it falls flat and gets everything delayed, the damage may be huge (think global launch date missed). I asked because I looked for that information and didn't find it by searching. As you had apparently looked into it more, I had hoped that you knew where that was stated. Sorry for asking for clarification. Side question: Since docker had lots of read/write access to private repositories that might have included sensitive data, is this a GDPR incident for the customers that would need to be reported? Technically, a customer didn't have a breach/leak that may have resulted in data being exfiltrated, but they also cannot rule it out, and as they've explicitly trusted docker, is that an event that should trigger a chain of official reports? Upload adminer or a similar script and export them. Yeah, and when somebody suggested something they didn't like, they got him fired. The Sorcerer's Apprentice was written about 200 years ago and is as current as ever. Social justice equals individual injustice. > Why? Why does profit have to be only motivator? It doesn't have to be, it's what the investors want. The investors decide what gets to be optimized for, because they won't invest otherwise. It's not always profit, it might also be growth. And yes, there are cases where it's something else all together, but for the most part it's measurable and something that involves making your investors richer. > Why contribute to the Chinese government's oppression of dissidents and minorities if you don't have to? If you build the tech and the platform, you are in control, and you can stop at any point, you can nudge and you can pull. If you're not doing it, somebody else will and you won't have any influence to make it better/less bad. That has a long tradition, even in non-profit companies like banking coops. People want to play the lottery, so you offer them a lottery. But by buying tickets to your lottery, they are putting 50% of the ticket price into their savings accounts. 50% aren't 100%, but they sure are better than 0%. If perfect, good and neutral aren't available options, less bad looks good to me - even if it means that you will have to get your hands dirty and get your karma into trouble. Hasn't logic done that already? When not relying on a god that magically wipes clean the slate and adds free will, where would it come from? GDPR has largely been ignored on the webmaster-side, so I don't believe that's a large factor. Especially since you can pretty much do whatever you did before, you just need to mention it in your privacy notice. Another option is that 74% would be positive compared to what quite a few people believed might come out. "It's 74%, that's great news, we thought it's closer to 25%". Of course, it's hard to trust this news, it might still be 25% or 2.5%. There's always the problem of information. I'm certain that basically no citizens know enough about the NSA, the surveillance capabilities and extent of data collection etc to make an informed decision. So they're not really polling what people believe - they're polling what the media companies think which people get their information from. Google can sue you, you can in turn probably sue whoever "gave" you the image and said it was licensed CC BY-SA. Just like you can't keep a stolen item that somebody sold you for cash, you're not free from liability when you're publishing an image you didn't have rights to. You'll always need to apply judgement before publishing, and I'd do a reverse image search at the very least. > The rules are simply to ensure that this ability can always be relied upon, even if never needed. "Have a pilot in the cockpit who can fly the plane even if you trust your autopilot very much" Yeah, it's a civil issue, I don't think anybody would try to jail somebody. You will be in breach of license, so the rights holder won't care why you're violating copyright, only that you do. I don't know of any judicial system where "good faith" is applied to civil suits (i.e. you eating my food thinking it was yours gets you out of buying me a new plate). Similar to the hypothetical ebay case: you're going to be asked to reimburse the owner (or return his property), you collecting from the seller is a different story. > While that is true it’s also being an avenue to spread hate, fear and divide people. So is paper. Or language. Do you have the same stance on those two that you have on Twitter? I don't think encouraging this kind of behavior by helping is a good idea. Are those numbers inflation-adjusted? If not, +76% 1998 => 2018 isn't that impressive when inflation accounts for +56% already. > I can imagine an exponentially distopian world where 4 families are forced to live in a single house. Have you seen Hong Kong cage homes? You're right that there is a limit, but we're far from close to it. From what I hear from friends that sell from Germany to EU countries, it's easier than this US thing but it's not a cake walk either. I've yet to see actual cookie consent banners on a meaningful scale. So far, cookie notices have been rolled out, so you'll get a sentence or two and an OK button. There's usually no option to deny, and even those that do add it, don't do so in a way that matters: if you click No, cookies for analytics, ads etc have already been set. Then there's this whole topic of third party cookies. Do you only need to inform & gather consent for cookies you set, or also those that services set that you embed in your site? > I can just turn everything on, change the address, then turn it all off again You can't - or, rather, I can't. It may be a problem that only affects me, I haven't talked to other people about it, but that was exactly my thinking a few months ago. So I activated location services, changed my home address to my new address, checked that it was set right, and disabled it again. And whoops, it's my old address again. They might've fixed that in the mean time, I haven't checked it recently, I've just given up on using maps. Glad I'm not the only one hating this. Especially with lots of captchas in a row it's super annoying - "yeah, it's the same browser, same cookie, same IP, doing the tenth captcha in 10 minutes, all previous tests succeeded ... better make sure to look extra closely and slow it down". The time you need to send out counter-information is the same, though. If your information dissemination is slow then so is you correcting some fake news piece, or uncovering some government propaganda - if it's fast, then so is your ability to combat it. Since there's very little (besides actual lynch mobs which don't happen in Western societies any more) that has a very short time window, I don't see the momentary emotional uproar as a problem. Terrorists aren't attacking some target because they read a rumor on Twitter 30 minutes ago, they are immersed in an ideological framework that doesn't require real time communication. Remember, McVeigh didn't have Twitter. That's good advice, but vulnerability doesn't really fit imho. "Be open", "be humble" or something like that, but "vulnerable"? Mh, I think it's the opposite: people won't speak up if they are vulnerable. Tenure gives scientific freedom because it removes the vulnerability of being easily fired. If you're rich, you can be honest, because annoying people and getting fired won't hurt you - you're not vulnerable. > So you just want to use Google services completely for free without contributing anything. Not necessarily. I believe that google's services are good enough to use them, and I'd certainly pay a few bucks a month to do so and be their customer - and not be the product that they sell to their customers. I'm also pretty sure that they'd make more money off of me paying them for providing a service to me than they make by selling my data to advertisers (me blocking ads and all that). If the only way of "contributing" however is to give up my privacy, then yes, I don't want to contribute. That would be more of a "paying for something", I think. I don't use Google Apps, I have a gmail account that I don't regularly use. I'm a simple man, I just use search (and it's variations) and maps, and the occasional YT video. I understand that GSuite doesn't touch those, so while a good idea from a moral view ("I can't pay you for this, so I'll pay you for that which I never use but can pay for"), it doesn't change the privacy invading parts of the products I actually do use. Yeah. I understand it may not be worth it to set up regular membership programs and collect fees for that, but at least have a tip jar. These just don't fit into my understanding of vulnerability. Saying you're not an expert is either honesty (if you're not) or misplaced modesty (if you are / know enough to be sure that what follows after the 'but' is right). This usage gives me a bit of a vibe of "retaking a word". I vaguely get the idea with slurs, but vulnerability isn't a slur, and changing the meaning won't make anybody less vulnerable, it will just make communicating about that which traditionally was called vulnerable harder. A tiny change and that advice makes total sense to me: help others be less vulnerable. Thanks, that sounds reasonable as an explanation. The corporate setting makes sense as an extension of the "we're a family"-leadership style. > I don't see the problem with that, because it would require me to convince you to vote for Y although you want X. X and Y need not be alternatives for the same problem, X might be about financial deregulation and Y about privacy deregulation. Maybe we need more browser diversity than just two different teams with two different systems. Both are sitting very close to each other geographically, and both are produced in the same culture (as in silicon valley), so it would seem likely that, while they compete with each other, they will apply very similar answers to problems they face. > With ads: either it takes me half a second to tell I'm not interested in an ad, or I actually am interested and i follow the ad because I am interested and I want to support the website. If ads weren't doubling as tracking beacons and the occasional malicious drive by download, that certainly would be an option. > You fire a person who learnt their lesson and will never make the mistake again? That's true, sort of. How often do you let people make huge mistakes before you decide that maybe they are just not apt for the position that they've been promoted to and Peter was right? Once? Twice? And unlimited amount, as long as it's never the exact same mistake? I run sites that don't have ads. I don't make any money off of them. I still run them. Seems like a lot of people in software development think similarly. Stop trying to just convince people to wear helmets because safety, it's not going to happen. Instead, make affordable helmets not look ridiculous. I'm wearing a helmet (while biking), but I totally understand why people that are fitted with more vanity have a hard time, especially kids who are even more pressured to fit in. Solve that, please. Explaining it will increase adoption rates as much as it has ended smoking, poor diets and sedentary lifestyle. No, it really hasn't. The "Smoking Gun" and "Backdoor" was a telnet service. https://www.theregister.co.uk/2019/04/30/huawei_enterprise_r... Quote: "The 'backdoor' that Bloomberg refers to is Telnet, which is a protocol that is commonly used by many vendors in the industry for performing diagnostic functions. It would not have been accessible from the internet," said the telco in a statement to The Register, adding: "Bloomberg is incorrect in saying that this 'could have given Huawei unauthorized access to the carrier's fixed-line network in Italy'. "This was nothing more than a failure to remove a diagnostic function after development." It's weird that Bloomberg is going all in with this and pissing away their reputation. > As an ex big iron commercial UNIX sysadmin, let me tell you; they can do it way better than most sysadmins. I'm pretty sure that is true. However, the parent said "they can do it better and cheap ", and cheap it isn't. You're making an argument about "the economy" by focusing on a small part of it (highly skilled individuals). Sounds a bit like "housing was great in the middle ages, just look at the castles where the kings lived". The small sites have already lost most of their traffic for products to the large publishers which Google favors. Question is how this will work with the courts. There's already a law suit in Germany brought by a large price comparison site against Google, suing for 500m because Google pushes their own "Google Shopping" results in SERPs, claiming they are abusing their monopoly. Additionally, buying on Amazon has a lot more safety than buying on some random shop that paid Google to be listed. A-Z guarantee is peace of mind. > I got researched lists with information – and happily clicked on the amazon.de affiliate link Don't rely on those too much, I've had some business with the publishers of those sites, and they are very low quality and basically just push the products that sell well, not the best ones. It's a scam, which is also why they usually won't say that they did a "test" (instead it's just a "comparison"), because that would hold them to higher standards and they'd catch too much flak. > Some people genuinely want to live in the Judge Dredd universe.. Pretty much everybody prefers that over total gang land chaos. Don't forget that "living in Scandinavia" isn't the usual alternative. > Anyone can spend 2min googling "wrongful convictions" and the number of people found innocent by the judicial process to see why. This is just as good an argument against any form of law enforcement though. Don't imprison people because you will undoubtedly also target innocent people. Mind you, I'm not pro capital punishment, but "don't do it, because you will also hit innocent people" isn't a good argument against it. That is, until you tax it to finance the basic income ;) And when they make a mistake, do we just give them new money because they've put all the old money into the lottery? We have that kind of plan in large parts of Europe already. Germany guarantees housing, heat, food etc, but has at some point switched to distributing money instead of vouchers, so individuals have more freedom to decide where/how to spend it. > They get some more next month. So no food for them for the rest of the month? Good luck with that. I personally have a few extra calories that can last me through a few weeks if need be. What about those that can't? Let them starve? Create a welfare service to save them? Hope for charities? Sounds a lot like we'd just push the problem a few meters away and then run into it again. That's kinda my point: UBI is supposed to replace all other welfare programs. There won't be anything else. > Either people are treated like adults and manage their own finances, or we are all wards of the state to some degree. If they were adults with the ability to manage their finances, make smart decisions etc, only a tiny fraction of them would have to rely on the state in the first place, so that's not convincing to me. It doesn't rely on public housing, the state will pay the rent for private apartments. > Having a WBS in Berlin is far from ensuring you actually get housing. That's true, but that's because of the limit of existing apartments, not because the government doesn't pay for it. Similarly, the government guarantees healthcare, but that doesn't mean that you will always be healthy. Don't get me wrong, I'd love to see a change in the housing market (that is: more building projects in general, but primarily more properties + subsidies given to cooperatives), but it's another issue. It probably also depends on where you discuss it. My understanding is that it would replace pretty much everything else (programs for rent, food, clothes etc are gone). Where a public health system (as in the UK) exists, it might continue unchanged, where it's privately organized (Germany) but premiums for the poor are paid by the state, the state would pay out the money instead. I don't know about the US version, it probably depends on the insurance company. My point is just that there's no guarantee of success, only of trying. If we need 4 million apartments, but only 3.5m physically exist, we can't decree the remaining 500k into existance, they still need to be built. They are currently not built for unrelated reasons (city planning, permits, speculation etc), not because "we" (as a society) don't want them to be built. I don't see that changing anytime soon in the large cities, because the population is generally against higher population density, construction projects and longer commutes. Policies will not change that, unless massive changes in laws take away citizen's ability to protest and stop new development projects. And eBay will be made responsible for damages. "I click on that ebay ad and then my computer was locked down and a hacker said I need to pay him to get my files back". And easy to solve: just make google pay large fines for unauthorized brand bidding. The problem will vanish instantly. They are making money off of it, that's a pretty strong incentive not to care. https://bit.ly/2PUJVLE That's weird. Even with VPN, different locations and different computers, I get pretty much the same result sets: lots of media sites with articles debunking it, the eff weighing in, some people documenting how they tried it and what they found etc. You get facebook.com a lot in the top 10? > Why? If you don't want to be tracked it is pretty easy to avoid. If you want to track clicks, why not use a subdomain instead of something.weird3rdparty.com? And why would the link text look like a URL? I don't see why www.ebay.com/viewOrder makes more sense than view your order . > Even if it is a password reset email or a email verification email? Why would you want to share password reset info with a third party? I get the "easy tracking" argument for newsletters (but I'm pretty sure most are not GDPR compliant), but for password reset emails? why? > Would you be happy if the link just failed to open Why would it? You can put a working link in the email directly - you've proven that by putting a different link in the email than the one you pretend you're linking to. Sure, but you could make them add a meta tag or upload a validation file to prove they are actually working on behalf of the final URL, just like they do to validate that you're in control of the URL for the webmaster console. If the malicious ad buyer has access to ebay.com's server all bets are off, but I feel like that happens a lot less often than this. > Are we really promoting good security practices or just adding security theater cruft? We're taking away easy attacks, just like blocking known spammers from delivering emails to your MTA. Yes, it doesn't solve spam completely, but it reduces the amount. Add other things like SPF, DKIM etc and you can identify even more malicious emails and warn the user. And certainly, the OP's description mentioned matching urls (though the text would have to match the href, so "ebay.com" would likely be fine for " https://ebay.com/something" ), but again: what's the harm in linking to the actual URL? Why the need to hide it, IF you already make the link text look like a URL? I'm sure there are also reasons why a site operator wants to avoid SSL, but I do like the fact that many browsers do warn users when (potentially) sensitive data gets transmitted via plain text. > Who said anything about a third party? The super majority of click-tracking runs via third parties. And yes, every additional detail you share with them (PII has gotten a lot of attention lately, and I'm beginning to come around and love GDPR) will put your users more at risk - now it's not just your database that risks exposing your users when a leak/breach happens, it's also your email provider's. > How would you implement link url / text mismatch blocking? Have you thought through the consequences for your users and their understanding of security or satisfaction with your product? I'm sure that it's not trivial, but few things are, so rejecting it for that reason doesn't sound like a good idea to me. "Hey, let's not do SSL, it's not that simple to build and might inconvenience a user that has their clock set 100 years into the future" > My biggest concern is that we shouldn't do anything to teach people that sometimes they CAN trust the link text rather than needing to check the actual URL they end up at. I don't believe that "copy link text to avoid tracking" is a relevant part here, so I still don't understand why you'd want to give the impression of a text-link with a different URL. I see lots of malicious reasons, but I don't see valid ones where there is a strong case that this is a necessity. Why should we teach users that "don't trust your lying eyes, just click on whatever" is ever a good idea? Why shouldn't we teach them to not touch something that is trying to deceive them? If we teach them to ignore these things, we're making it easier for scammers. Sure, blocking links to domains that don't match the sender's may be something as well, but I do see lots of cases where that's totally normal, i.e. me sending you an email saying "hey, I read your blog entry, and this site here does what you want". Mind you, that's just a link, it's not a link that is trying to confuse you about it's true target. > You do expose additional information about the user's clicks and IP address. If this is something your company is concerned with If any company isn't concerned with that, they either don't do business in Europe or they should talk to a lawyer. ;) > If you are trying to promote the use of first-party click tracking (or just discourage third-party click tracking) Neither is my intent, I just don't see valid reasons to pretend you're linking to one URL when you're linking to another when there's an easy alternative: put words into the linktext, not URLs. It's like FB's idea to pressure users into giving them their passwords for their email account. Terrible idea, no valid business case ("it's easy and we can really check that they are the owner of that email account" isn't valid), but lots of reasons for malicious actors, so somebody telling you "give me your email password" is a warning sign for everybody. Trying to confuse users about what URL you're linking to is as well. Bitcoin doesn't get hacked, companies do. "If the Dollar is so safe, why does it get stolen all the time?" Stop linking to vox.com unironically, please, it's garbage. Since a lot of the robo calls are part of scams and illegal, I don't think it's the fear of fines. I believe that market size and language barrier are a bigger issue: Plenty of people speak english, few speak german and even fewer are fluent enough in swedish to convince people to hand over their money. When there's no "real" competition for the monopolist, customers don't have alternatives and the company doesn't need to "wage war" on fraudulent sellers, unless those sellers don't pay their fees. Whether the seller actually "earned" the top spot or cheated/paid to get it does not matter. Whichever seller you buy from, as long as it's on Amazon's platform, Amazon makes money from it. > You can find pretty much the same horror stories about any Bank or credit card company. I don't know if you can in the US, but not in my country. A bank working like paypal would be in trouble, and quickly. Closing accounts without prior notice? Deciding unilaterally to freeze assets? A bank can't do that unless ordered by a judge. If they would, they'll be on the receiving end of a court order and will get a call from the regulator's office that they really don't like to hear from. Paypal is shady, and there's a reason they run their operation from Luxembourg, one of the top places to do shady financial business in Europe. > A bank would absolutely be expected to freeze an account if it suspected illegal activity as part of its AML obligations - filing a SAR would come later. And this would take months, and the bank wouldn't be able to respond to inquiries? > Neither should accounts like this necessarily be taken at face value - trying to apply social pressure through forums and social media is standard social engineering. Certainly. I tend to lean towards believing them because I've witnessed a similar case with PayPal that nearly ruined the company of a friend. It got resolved after all, but it took around eight months, lawyers and our local equivalent of a DA to get involved before PP realized they might not want to pursue it any further and released the assets. That doesn't mean that everyone of these stories is accurate, of course, but it indicates to me that not all is well in the PP HQ. > That’s what Amazon has agreed to do in this case, on a nationwide level. That's kind of the problem, isn't it? They've "agreed" to do it, as if not doing that was also an option but Amazon decided generously (and not to set precedent) to comply with the law. Corporations are not sex offenders, they are very rational. If you fine them, their delinquency stops. If you don't, it won't. > The market solution is branding; some vendors will build up reputations, and those good reputations will let them charge a higher price. And the scammer will simply use the brand without license and profit from the reputation of the original manufacturer. Nobody can do anything about because there's no government to enforce laws. > More so than in mark up? If so why? Easy to enumerate, if that's a concern. > It felt like every other word was a brand name God, yes, that's been annoying me a lot recently. Was a bird fined? No, Bird was fined. Do you want a smart home? Buy Smart Home! I find it much easier to read when brands and products aren't just random nouns. Sure, but that means that you have a unique key combination of id + slug for all intents and purposes. The argument for having the ID is that the slug can change and you can redirect. If you don't redirect, that argument falls flat, and if you redirect you're easier to enumerate. The chinese companies will usually bend over backwards to satisfy you, though. They will happily ship you another product if yours shouldn't have passed QA, or refund you, or both. They know how important reviews are and act accordingly. > We’re a long way from spell check here, folks. Are we though? This sounds like it will be a list of terms that Word will suggest alternatives for, not an AI that understands the text and predicts offensiveness. I don't hate the idea in general, but I'd prefer to see it on the client side. Set your personal level of comfort and the system tries to wrap the text into as many blankets as you desire. Sure, but I understood the idea was "we don't need governments and laws, the market can take care of all of that, people will choose wisely". Still a lot of overhead though, and regularly blocked by privacy minded individuals. With privacy, I personally prefer not to have to rely on trust. Encryption is better than trusting other people not to invade your privacy. I agree, it probably hasn't happened. Yet, that is. It might next year, and we might have a whistle blower then. My personal stance it to just make it harder. Encrypt the data, use your own server so there's less metadata. Of course, even then, if the data center company really wanted to and really was happy to break the law and really went deep into the attack, they could probably find a way to get to the data. But it's much harder, much more illegal and even they will certainly think longer before doing that vs "just copy the data and don't tell anyone" if it's in plain text on their machine. It's more work to do it this way and forsake the convenience provided by Amazon & Co, but I prefer it. Plus I learn lots of things while doing it which I would've outsourced otherwise. There's also the problem that Amazon might stay 100% truthful and trustworthy and never access my data. But their employees might not. The NSA's surveillance data was misused by employees to stalk romantic interests, so there's no reason to believe that an Amazon employee couldn't wrongfully do the same. They might be fired for it, but the damage is done, privacy has been compromised. Stealing isn't really a concept between states, I believe, but this would qualify. "Giving up the search" doesn't equal "abandoning your property rights". If you find something, pocket it, and don't take the appropriate steps to try to return it to it's rightful owner, you're guilty of theft/stealing/larceny by finding. > When you treat prisoners like animals, they'll act like animals. And when you don't treat them like animals, they will still act like animals. Some, of course, not all, just like today not all US-inmates come out acting like animals. > That seems very wrong to me, the concept of "innocent until proven guilty" should extend to sentencing That's quite impossible, isn't it? Motives regularly play a role in sentencing and you cannot prove those, only deeds. You can believe it to be very likely that somebody did X because of Y and not because of Z, but you can't prove it. > A replacement fertility rate of slightly over 2.0-2.1 is/would be fine in developed countries. And many developed countries are far below that. That's what I read the parent to write about, not the shift from pre-industrial to industrial times. > This won't be fixed by forcing people to reproduce more. I don't think that was the idea, rather: fix the circumstances and the people will do the rest themselves. > For example in India's case it would be madness to encourage even more fertility. And fertility rates there haven't dropped as they did in the developed world, so it's really not the same issue. > Better circumstances are responsible for low fertility rates, not bad circumstances. That depends on the definition of "better". In purely material terms, the developed world is the best there ever was. Yet depression, drug abuse, loneliness etc are rising, so maybe humans require more than just material things. For animals, living in a zoo is the best thing to do. Steady meals, a doctor on call and they'll even bring you mates to reproduce. Yet somehow, many animals in captivity don't want to breed, maybe it's similar for humans. I believe the stats mentioned are from Tinder data where everything but looks has little to no influence. Given that most people aren't outliers regarding money, power, intelligence or artistic talent, that probably don't play as large a role in the general population either. > When did we switch from "live and let live" to "the state should give me a girlfriend"? Hey, if the state (that is: the people that pay taxes) should give you free food, housing, education, health care etc - why stop at romance? > the Bay Area especially is not very liberal If presidential elections are anything to go by (and they are certainly not perfect, but good enough), it is. Clinton winning each county with > 60% (>70% for several) certainly doesn't make them conservative. > The perception of Google’s quality is as much because we all know when we write an article how to make informative titles and content, and knowledge if we’re too spammy we’ll be punished. Errr, I personally hate the top articles google presents me for pretty much every query. Keyword stuffed long-winded texts that hide the information they are promising in the headline somewhere in multiple irrelevant paragraphs or just don't provide it at all. To me, Google's perceived quality has fallen significantly over the past five years. I've used it multiple times, never got a reply or saw a change. I believe it's mostly like the thumbs-down for comments on YouTube: the user feels like they did something but it has no actual meaning. If you want to rank, 95% is links, not technical SEO. I agree of course, that making your site work well is important, but that usually won't get you any top rankings. The latest trend is to simply rent subdomains or directories on large websites (newspapers, magazines, tv stations), including header/footer links from the main page. Works like a charm, whatever you publish there will rank like crazy because of the massive links the main page gets. I was talking about the thumbs down for comments, not videos. I believe you're right that they rank videos for engagement, which can be both positive or negative. Yeah, it certainly seems that way. It feels like you'll have a better chance "reporting" to Google by going viral on Twitter, HN etc, than by actually reporting it to Google. Isn't this to be expected when you're using links as your primary/major ranking mechanism? The largest companies will have the most links, therefore they'll rank on top, be visible to users, and get more links. Sounds like the Matthew effect, in a way. > I would expect them to go to the section editor who signed off on it, or the managing editor, or the editor in chief, and urge them to take it down or retract it ... not to complain to HR that they feel unsafe. And nobody would expect people abusing the "report content" feature on Twitter, YouTube, FB etc to silence people they disagree with, yet here we are. HR will probably give less push back than an editor. > However, if that's the extent of it, and HR decides nothing is needed, then there isn't anything really there. True, but then again, it will probably go into the permanent file and if more complaints come in later, it adds up. Similarly to how you're supposed to report even small things to the police if you expect more to come. Even if they can't do anything now, it starts a paper trail and will be taken into account if anything else happens. > And it so turns out that finding and surfacing the best content aligns well with the number of people who link to that content, which creates a great product for Google, which aligns with Google making a profit. The lines between Google "watching the market" and Google "commanding the market" are very blurry. If you don't get featured, nobody knows that you exist, nobody links to you, you don't get featured. Otoh: if you get featured, everybody sees you, people link to you, you get featured. "Being well regarded in the history books" is something that a president or a king should strive for. A judge really shouldn't ever look out for his popularity when making decisions. "The right side of history" is for politicians to pursue, not for judges. They aren't supposed to make policies or create laws, their job is to apply the laws. If they do their job correctly, and you disagree with the constitution and therefore also with their decisions, that should never be an issue for them. Sure, that's unavoidable, but it's not the job definition. My point is that judges should never be guided by "how will some group/the majority/the elite/my children consider my decision now/in 5 years/in a century" but only by what they believe to be right at the moment of ruling. Otherwise, you're setting yourself up for arbitrary rulings to appease some future historian and create judges that try to rule to win popular support. "Polls say the majority wants the death penalty for petty theft? I better give them what they want" Sure. But it's still their job, even if it's hard. "What will the media think of me, if I decide X" would certainly make it easier, but fortunately doesn't seem to have become the guiding principle yet. It's strange that the idea that judges shouldn't decide by (future) popularity gets downvoted. At times I don't understand this community at all. Is that a "I believe that my opinion will rule supreme in 20 years, so judges should submit to it now and just ignore the constitution"-thing? > I'm not sure there is much of a distinction in practice between asking "how will history see this" and trying to do what's right? I didn't mean "what's right" as in "what I feel is right", but in's what the law says. The policies are for the politicians, trying to merge the judiciary and the legislative doesn't sound like such a great plan to me. Why not both? The management acts on behalf of the shareholders. If they break the law, go after the officers with criminal charges, and make the shareholders liable financially. It'll make management less short-term/risk-loving and shareholders will pick their management much more carefully. > Without the burden and complexity of securing private health insurance, anyone with a couple months rent saved up could try starting a business. How expensive is private health insurance in the US? I've seen numbers as low as $6k a year, but from your post it sounds more like $20k a year. I doubt that it would massively increase the amount of startups. We have all that (and more) in Germany, and you don't see companies popping up everywhere, and the ones that are founded are mostly copy cats. And I totally agree with you on that, but that's not what "judge by thinking how good you'll look 50 years from now" is. Filling in the details is more "applying the spirit of the law to a particular case not explicitly covered", it's not about creating new de facto laws based on your personal (political) opinions. > You still want to maintain the markets. Giving every resident free card to use in public transport does that. Why not give them money instead? They can choose to buy a ticket or choose to ride a bike/walk and use the money elsewhere. You might keep the market for public transportation (though I have my doubts: why would the provider need to respond to demand if he's paid no matter what?), but you're strongly intervening in the transportation market in general. Do you have to "check out" when you get off the bus? If not, how could you track the flow and the amount of people on each bus? > Or, like, you just stand when there's only standing room available during peak hours? In my city, that won't work during rush hour because there's simply no space. The busses are filled to capacity, all seats taken and people standing toe to toe where possible. If you want to avoid intimate contact with strangers, you'll have to sit out a a few; if you don't mind it, you might still have to because there's simply no room. That might work in the US but it won't in Europe where cities are generally densely packed. You can't just tear down a few rows of houses/dig new tunnles/turn the city into one big construction project to add more space for tracks. We're not just making cars relatively worse, but also walking and cycling, and we're encouraging (medium distance) travel in general. I don't know that this is a good idea, though I do agree that if you want to encourage travelling, it's fair to not only make it available to the rich. I'd much prefer people to use any form of transportation when required and not spend their leisure time by descending upon the inner city, but that's a personal preference. Thanks, that's about the same as private health insurance in Germany, with slightly lower premiums and higher deductibles (1000€ is common here). Are those regionally different? I understand that rent is much more expensive than this in sought after areas. The headline is click bait. It's not "most of the plastic in the ocean", it's "most of the plastic in the ocean that comes from rivers". And that long rivers from more densely populated areas would contribute more is hardly surprising. Iirc, most of the plastic isn't even from rivers. It's from the fishing industry, illegal trash dumping and the wear on car tires. Hi Downvoters, please explain what is factually wrong about my comment. Thanks. Imho: because Western populations care about environmentalism and don't like to use their power to compel others, even if that would be more efficient. They can do something while not feeling bad when they restrict it in Western nations. I do believe that there's a culture thing as well, the predominantly protestant nations appear to be more eager than the catholic ones. Projects focusing on the developing or third world will likely be regarded as colonialism, lecturing from a position of power etc, and perception has become more important than correctness or efficiency. It wouldn't need to be UBI, monthly tickets for public transportation aren't that expensive, and you can certainly limit it to the residents of the town where it's implemented. > If you give a nudge that changes the behavior of many people, you can reach states that individual incentives can't reach. Sure, but you don't even know if people want that "nudge". I'm quite happy riding my bike, for example, which this would punish me for by raising my taxes which I have to pay on top of bike repairs etc. > Those same questions related to issues of what government should do and not to do. "Provide free & ubiquitous public transportation" is quite far along on the "nothing everything" axis on what should be provided/decided/enforced by the government, I'm not so sure that there's a majority that agrees in most countries. I was talking about populations, not nations. The governments very much do, but often not with popular approval (see military engagements to secure economic interests). There's no popular support to pressure poor countries on climate change or pollution. If that existed, I'm sure that Western governments would have no second thoughts about applying pressure. > Not sure what you mean by illegal trash dumping. Trash that's dumped directly on the coast and not into a river first? Trash that's illegally dumped off shore. It's harder to dump large amounts of trash in a river and not have somebody notice - it's easier to say you're transporting it and "lose" part/all of it while at sea. I'm not an expert and I'm not that interested in arguing specific numbers - I have no emotional attachment to them. The article being discussed here disputes your claim. A recent study estimates that more than a quarter of all that waste could be pouring in from just 10 rivers [...] The 10 rivers that carry 93 percent of that trash [...] , so 10 rivers are said to contribute 25% of total trash and 93% of river-trash. That'd leave ~68% from the shore, which sounds very high. https://ourworldindata.org/plastic-pollution#ocean-plastic-s... also has more input if you're interested. > Giving money costs money. Letting people use a bus that was running anyway does not. That bus isn't running anyway though. It's (at least partially) paid for by ticket sales, you'll have to offset that by increasing the government subsidies to 100%, which costs money. They probably did, but before it was made free implies that somebody paid for it. If those people no longer pay for it and the state picks up the bill, the state needs to spend more money. Unless the employees of the transportation providers no work for less money, of course. I don't know, but here's a very similar stat from 2009 that makes it sound like this is only for TV: https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/insights/news/2009/tv-viewing-... New findings from The Nielsen Company show kids aged 2-5 now spend more than 32 hours a week on average in front of a TV screen. Good organic SERPs will only distract from ads. The audience targeted with sites like that can hardly differentiate between ads and organic results and can certainly not tell that those are affiliate sites that provide little to no value. They search, they click, they buy. I know, because I've worked for a site doing exactly that (not mentioned in the article), the metrics are great, Google does not care at all . And why would they - many of the companies doing this will also spend lots of money on Adwords for the same topics. I don't know if they are "happy", but they've known about it and have ignored it for > 12 months. > They are essentially hijacking Google's trust signals (meant to try to prevent fake news from appearing high within the SERPS) and using them for profit. That's what everybody does in SEO, though. Very few links to sites monetizing via affiliate schemes are actually "recommendations", they all get bought & sold, or rather rented. > Daily Mail Poker Reviews? That's benign. They will happily give you great reviews for predatory lending, very questionable casinos, sports betting etc. The large media companies have zero limits what they publish, as long as you pay them well, and Google has zero interest in fixing this. Most of the sites also blatantly breach GDPR rules. I've personally reported two. The officials asked them for a statement (after sitting on it for two months, they are understaffed), they received "we will change that shorty, thanks for notifying us" as a reply and closed the case. The companies didn't change anything, of course. It is what it is, and it's not going to change anytime soon. Springer (the science publisher, not the German trash media company) has done that since at least 10 years. They'd send the full text PDF to Google and the abstract & buy option as HTML to users. Google doesn't care. The suspicion might go back a long time, but the PR campaign is relatively new, at least at the current level. I do remember the occasional story a few years ago, but not this barrage of articles. > China attacked Google, Yahoo, Adobe, many others, using a zero-day IE exploit. Are you Google, Yahoo or Adobe though? If you're a very high value target, everybody will attack you. NSA, 8400, Russian and Chinese teams, everybody. If you're just an individual working on their personal business, nobody is burning 0days on you. True, that's a weird thing. One side wants ISPs to be neutral, the other wants platforms to be neutral, but neither really want both to be neutral. > I don't believe my twitter account is reaching that many people. That's up to your message though. If people share your tweet, it might. If you're banned from the platform, that's not an option, no matter how many people find your opinion valuable, they'll never see it. Arguing for deplatforming while using a throwaway account to not get deplatformed on your main is somewhat ironic. ;) I understood that "right-wing tolerant platforms" are different from platforms as deplatforming anything right-wing, as in "not tolerating" it, and that this would be all good, but I might have misunderstood. > You shouldn't have violated their TOS. Since their TOS are vague, and they enforce it very discriminatory, deplatforming is obviously not about "violating TOS". > The point is there are very, very few people who have their voices heard. I agree wholeheartedly. My point isn't that everybody on Twitter automatically reaches everybody else on Twitter. It's that he has the chance. If you tweet something that everybody loves, you can go viral. If you're banned, you can't. Everybody can run for office, but not everybody can win. If you block people from running in the first place, you better have some damn good reasons, and they better not be "I don't like their political opinions".