It was a joke. Some embedded processors lack a cache. I think it depends on who you want to hire. Triplebyte does an excellent job of finding people who would otherwise fall through the cracks. For example, as someone without a traditional software engineering background (physics degree from a good state school and work experience in rocket science), I didn't know many people in the programming industry who could provide referals, and my direct job applications weren't getting through the resume screens. Triplebyte has been really helpful for me there, and got me interviews with companies that care more about problem solving ability and are happy to hire someone like me who will learn on the job. Someone who designed the IR for V8 would no doubt have no trouble directly getting interviews with whatever companies they want, and people look you who screen applicants based on experience shouldn't have much trouble finding such applicants. General problem-solving / coding ability on the other hand is not quantifiable on an ordinary resume / linkedin, and Triplebyte's system provides a good screen (within the limitations of a few hours of testing) to quantify that. As far as I know, no company uses Triplebyte exclusively. It just provides a backdoor to onsite interviews with several companies (which was really useful for me cause coming from a non-traditional background I wasn't getting any callbacks from my direct applications to selective companies). There isn't really any downside to giving Triplebyte a go, aside from a few hours of your time. I don't understand this. Do you expect to get hired at companies without ever getting interviewed by them? Triplebyte culls out as much of the process as you can realistically expect to be culled i.e. everything before the final onsite interviews. For me personally though the main value was in getting contacted by companies that wouldn't have otherwise contacted me. I would have been willing to go through technical phone screens for those companies if needed, but not having to do so was an extra bonus. >Almost all other fields are capable of trusting third parties to certify competence. Employers in pretty much every other field complain that credentials are close to meaningless. As a result, they heavily emphasize work experience and demonstrable work accomplishments in hiring. This creates a problem for newcomers who have difficulty bootstrapping experience. Software engineering is unique in that you can at least get some idea of a person's ability through a day of interviewing (whiteboard interviews may not be a perfect measure of competence/ability, but they're way better than what is available in most fields), and don't need to use experience or credentials as a gauge of ability (though they use them as screening criteria to sift through the many applications they get, which is where Triplebyte comes in handy). The fact that employers directly assess the skills of job candidates is a benefit, not a drawback, for the field of software engineering. >Triplebyte's value proposition is to be such a trusted third party for software engineering, since universities aren't. If companies don't trust it, and view people who passed Triplebyte with the same "incompetent fraud until proven otherwise" lens they apply to everyone else, then Triplebyte isn't adding value for anyone in the ecosystem. Triplebyte is adding clear value to the ecosystem by finding candidates who would have otherwise fallen through the cracks and never gotten an interview in the first place, and matching them with potential employers. In my case, for example, Triplebyte has provided value to both me and Asana by matching us up together. Because of my nontraditional background, had I applied directly to Asana, my application would likely have never made it past their resume screen, and they would have missed out on a great candidate and I would have missed out on a great opportunity. One of the things they do is data-mining so they can match up candidates with companies where they're likely to perform well onsite (since different companies emphasize different things, Triplebyte can look through data on how their previous candidates have faired and find which companies will value your personal strengths): http://blog.triplebyte.com/triplebyte-engineer-genome-projec... >What they've realized is the way to hire more is to find the good ones that are sitting in the resume review stage of the hiring process, not getting looked at because they don't have stand out credentials. Yup, I was one of those people whose resume kept getting sucked into the review black hole due to lack of stand out credentials. I understand companies are swamped with applications and need some way to screen applicants even before phone interviews, but it was rather frustrating knowing I would do perfectly fine if I only I were given an interview. Triplebyte was an immense help here (just today I accepted an offer from Asana that I got through Triplebyte). I'm really a fan of your philosophy and what you're trying to do to improve tech hiring, and strongly recommend people (especially those without great conventional resumes) to give Triplebyte a go. Have any proof of this? Not true. You can lower the rate of false negatives without raising the rate of false positives using multiple measurements instead of just one, which as I understand it is what Google does for candidates from underrepresented groups. It will be harder if the parts and modules use ad-hoc specifications instead of adhering to some common framework (e.g. 5v or 3.3v power levels, imperial or metric sizing for drive axles, mounting screws, etc.). Took the quiz just over a year ago, and passed the phone interview. I stated my preference to avoid very small / early stage startups, and got interviews at Asana, Apple, and a medium-sized startup. Accepted the Asana offer, where I have been working for a year. I think Triplebyte was really useful for me because I didn't have a CS degree and didn't have any work history directly in tech, so I couldn't get through resume screens via direct applications and didn't really know many people who could refer me. So Triplebyte had high value in getting me actual the actual technical interviews. I'm not sure how valuable it would be for others who don't have trouble with this, but given the minimal time investment (a few hours for phone interview), it's probably worth a shot regardless. Have you considered increasing your pricing, and adding more premium features? As a supporter of client-side encryption in cloud apps, I really want to make sure you have a sustainable business. https://training.kalzumeus.com/newsletters/archive/saas_pric... That describes a ton of populist leaders throughout history though. Sometimes it is more beneficial to raise a mob and usurp power than to stay withing the system. > If Marcus was trying to maximize his ROI on the business investments, he would start with different businesses and more reasonable owners. That doesn't seem true to me. If a company is relatively well run and still struggling, it will likely be much harder to turn around than one that is struggling simply because it is run extremely poorly... What if you like the kind of problems on Leetcode, but are lukewarm towards actual programming? Asking for a friend, of course. I think the million Euros was the cost to clean it up afterwards, I'd say adaptive cruise control is actually better in the sweet-spot. I have a Subaru with adaptive cruise control and find it rather beneficial in freeing up my attention from trying to carefully micromanage the throttle / brake to actually focus on more important things. It has lane-keeping assist, too, but that is more of a backup safety feature than an autonomous feature (and indeed I wouldn't want lane-centering functionality except in really slow traffic jams). The AEB wouldn't trigger on something like this. And it shouldn't, since an actual driver would be turning to follow the road, so there is no reason to do any emergency braking (or even to warn them). Exactly. It's like email for social media. You get free choice of which provider to use, while being able to communicate with all your friends regardless of which provider they use. And if you're technically adept, you can choose to self-host as well. So you're expecting people to make 10-12% in after-inflation returns? I'm curious about your thoughts on https://github.com/denschub/schubio/blob/master/_posts/2018-... and https://github.com/denschub/schubio/blob/master/_posts/2018-... specifically. As someone who is new to both the Diaspora* and ActivityPub protocols, the Diaspora* patterns of publishing messages seem to be much easier for me to reason about particularly for semi-private FB-esque social networks (as opposed to mostly public social networks akin to Twitter or Youtube comments). My reactions echo what is mentioned in those links, but maybe I'm just thinking about it wrong. Or you can design the building to float on the liquified soil. Either way works. Sounds like I should start moving towards ML... The space industry isn't really comparable to the automotive industry. The former has been stagnating on government contracts while the latter has been heavily innovating for many decades due to massive competition and markets. >If your immediate job title doesn’t sound appropriately “tough” then you’re a fool and ignored. And hence why programmers decided to appropriate the word "engineer" for their title... Huh. The low rating confuses me from watching that video. To my not that experienced eye, the main issue seems to be the airbag not expanding sufficiently. The car seems to have done a good job of crumpling to absorb the impact without deforming too much inside the cabin itself. Edit: okay the main issue is described here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5RWnocukG8 The steering wheel gets pushed into the driver's chest. Software big 5 have much better pay and much better work-life balance than accounting big 5. >7 years programming in X? YES, 4 years writing scripts in Y? To be fair, there are a lot of job listings where X hasn't even been around for 7 years. What about them? If they provide a platform that is good for users, users will continue to use them. If not, the users will take their data elsewhere. That's the way it should work. First solar roadways, now this... I'm starting to get rather annoyed with junk science proposals hoovering up funding and attention that could be going to more scientifically sound endeavors. How long will you support the phone with software updates? Even with a massive drop in rents, rents would still more than cover development costs. The limiting factor isn't the cost to construct high density housing units - it's the difficulty of getting permission to build high density housing units. For those of us that need to parallel park sometimes, SUVs are highly preferrable to station wagons. >The truth is... you can't fix congestion. In transportation theory, there's an element called induced demand: if travel time improves in a corridor, then that induces people to take extra trips, often returning it fairly quickly to the same level of congestion. That's not true though. Induced demand does soak up a lot of the increased capacity, but not all of it. Building more capacity does improve congestion (or at least make it less worse than it would have been had you not built more capacity); it's just that the benefit is a fraction of what you would have gotten had there been no increase in road usage. See for example https://www.accessmagazine.org/spring-2003/induced-travel-st... > But there are lesser number of Senior Engineers than Engineers, and lesser number of Principal Engineers than Senior Engineers. What exactly happens? More and more people going into software engineering than in previous generations. >You just have to have the track record that shows that you “deserve” to be paid so much. I take it this means be a programmer with significant experience? It would be great too get a fulfilling job that pays the equivalent of a FAANG salary for junior devs, but I don't see anything like that available to me. I guess that'll be one of the good things of becoming an older programmer... Oh, I didn't mean difficulty of performing the parallel parking (that's straightforward with a modern car with rear camera), but the difficulty of finding a parking spot that fits your car length. Exactly. We need to make zoning and permitting easier, thereby lowering the cost... People can't afford housing where the jobs are, because there isn't enough housing available there. So a large fraction of people end up moving far away and commuting in. That's how traffic happens. If you want to decrease traffic, build more housing where the jobs are. This is why you target high density development close to where the jobs are, and close to public transit stations. What increases traffic more: people living an hour away from work and commuting in because they can't afford living near work, or people living close to work because sufficient high density housing is built near the workplace? If you find Indian culture characterless, that's your problem. Maybe the artists should learn to enjoy the engineering scene. One other big reason: racial diversity. In much of the United States, the community is basically white race / white American culture by default, and people like me naturally end up being somewhat anomalous / outsiders. In some places there is also racism to various extents, but even in the absence of racism, there is just a significant handicap to not being a member of the default group. In contrast, I fit right at home in a cosmopolitan place like Silicon Valley where there isn't really a default culture. Of course, it's basically a global phenomenon that cosmpolitan cities tend to be far more expensive than the cities that more closely reflect the local culture. I mean, we would love to have affordable suburban houses within easy commuting distance of tech jobs in the Bay Area. So it certainly seems like a rather enviable "problem" that families in Seattle are able to move from the urban core to the suburbs... Well, Seattle isn't very strong in that regard either... It's where the Bay Area holds a distinct advantage. That said, Seattle still has a significantly larger fraction of Asians than any Midwestern or Southern city: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_Asian_American... Note that the proportion of blacks doesn't really contribute to a cosmopolitan city - it just means the city has two dominant native cultures instead of one. Sure it is. What Indians find interesting and full of character is different than the artsy stuff / people doing crazy shit that you find interesting and full of character. Stay-at-home spouse means you don't have to keep yourself fed or keep the house clean, and you have to do less of the ordinary needs as well. The stay-at-home spouse of course doesn't have to work or commute. >I'm just pointing out there are vegetarian dishes I enjoy every bit as much as a fat juicy steak, but not anything created and marketed as a meat substitute. Yup. Not a vegetarian and I feel the same way. VHDL / Verilog is lower level! In all seriousness, the "assembly is high level" argument is ridiculous and robs the "low level" vs "high level" categorization of all meaning. Thank you for doing this. I've always believed that the organizations employing workers in the Bay Area (and generating tax revenue for the state and municipalities) are the best suited for helping ensure that sufficient housing is built to provide affordable housing for their employees and everyone else in the Bay Area. Exactly. In your backyard. Not on top of your home. It's several hundred billion in revenue per year - i.e. about half the Canadian GDP for the FAANG companies. Yeah that's VTA. Not really used by professionals. Will they make electric oil tankers? >\lambda x.\, 6 was also surprisingly difficult for him to guess (though he did get it right eventually). I think he was just stuck on the idea of the function doing something arithmetical to the input, and was having trouble coming up with some sort of arithmetic procedure which would result in 6 no matter what you put in! It simply hadn’t occurred to him that the machine might not care about the input. (Interestingly, many students in my functional programming class this semester were also confused by constant functions when we were learning about the lambda calculus; they really wanted to substitute the input somewhere and were upset/confused by the fact that the bound variable did not occur in the body at all!) Just goes to show, our intuition works on linear types. I think it's more that it doesn't make use of its input. If you aren't using the input, why is the input in its type signature? There isn't an issue with VTA itself (aside from maybe the expectation that it companies would move their offices to locations accessed by VTA rather than vice versa). The South Bay is just really suburban and car-friendly, and the VTA was a failure as a result because most people in the South Bay are happy travelling by car don't need to use the VTA. In contrast, Caltrain is used to travel to SF, which isn't car friendly, so a lot more professionals use it. I wonder whether the bacteria survive in the cow stomachs when the cows are only being fed kelp, and (if they don't, what happens to the cow if it is switched back to a grass diet?). >There are plenty of young software engineers who hear about first-year salaries at Google and expect similar comp packages from startups. (Are they being too greedy? Meh, they're just misinformed or need to take some time to recalibrate their expectations.) If they're choosing between working at a company like Google or that startup, it's not greedy to expect competitive compensation. >Of course, a lot is asked of engineers during crunch time, but that's the same way everywhere in the industry. This is categorically false. Might be true for small startups, but most established companies do not ask a lot of engineers during crunch time. Do a ton of Leetcode (and read up CTCI). Too late for us but hopefully it will make obtaining a home easier for our children! Have you not considered suing them yourselves? >It's safer than alternatives, but now this is all people are associating it with. Unlike for nuclear power, this is currently nowhere near true for self-driving tech. It's the huge matrices where performance matters, and a naive multiplier for that will use memory rather inefficiently. Same for my Ubisoft account last night. I've been using 1password for all my new passwords, but obviously there are still old accounts lying around with overused passwords of mine. Right. Besides, pulse doppler can detect stuff that is stationary relative to the radar anyway. The real issue is false positives from things like soda cans on the road, signs next to the road, etc. Can't have the car randomly braking all the time for such false positives. As a result, they just filter out stationary (relative to the ground) objects, and focus on moving objects (which are assumed to be vehicles) together with lane markings. This is why that one Tesla ran right into a parked fire truck. Interestingly, I've discovered one useful trick with my purely camera-based car (Subary equipped with Eyesight): if there is a stationary or almost stationary vehicle up ahead that it wasn't previously following, it won't detect it and will consider it a false positive (as it should, so it doesn't brake for things like adjacent parked cars), but if I tap the brake to disengage adaptive cruise control and then turn the adaptive cruise control back on, it will lock on to the stopped car up ahead. It will probably be catching up to the Audi A8's traffic jam pilot. I.e. full self driving under certain limited situations. Mazda announced in 2012 that it was going to introduce the Mazda 6 diesel in the US, but kept delaying due to having trouble getting it to meet US and California emissions standards. It has only now figured out a way to meet emissions standards without overly compromising performance, and is releasing a diesel vehicle in the US (the CX-5) now, after a 6 year wait. That's not what the numbers there are saying though. They're saying that over half of scientists have failed to replicate a single study (either their own or someone else's). It says nothing about the replicability of most studies. Obviously, that's mathematically equivalent... >There are only 200 slots available per year for digital technology, but the dirty secret is the 70% acceptance rate. Something tells me that this year the acceptance rate is going to be much lower... I don't think that is a contradiction. It means that there are some situations (probably traffic jams) where the car can fully drive itself, instead of merely assisting you as you drive the car. >The company broke promises more than once, she said, adding that she was not reimbursed for mileage, as promised Isn't this a good example of something that merits an NLRB complaint? Thankfully, most non-compete agreements are not valid under California law, so we actually have a free market for labor. Yup, I love eyesight, but wouldn't really much extra features beyond what it currently supports, as that would be too autonomous and removing me from constantly driving the car. I actually find myself being a significantly better driver with the adaptive cruise control because I can focus my attention on steering and what is happening to traffic down the road instead of being constantly focused on matching the speed of the car right in front of me. It also prevents me from getting frustrated when someone is driving like a snail in the left lane... They will in today's job market (which isn't typical). Hiring for unskilled labor is incredibly tight. Everything you searched for. Every place you've been (along with the times of each). Every tutorial video you watched. And for most people, every email correspondence you've ever done. Add in google drive and google docs / calc, and it has far more insites into your life than FB. I don't see how FB would have access to Gmail accounts... It's not even "most people" that are outraged with Facebook though. It's the media. The same media which is financially threatened by the democratization of news and information (fake or otherwise) through social networks, and by recent moves that FB made to deprioritize news feeds in favor of social content. Oh, yeah apparently you can import contacts from your email to find friends. I never noticed that. Not in locations with substantial street lighting. It's usually in an unlit road that you get the danger (especially if you aren't using high beams due to an oncoming car). This is a cage: https://www.google.com/search?q=cage What the photograph in The Atlantic shows is a large room, not a cage. >For some values of 'human' e.g. alert, sober. Which is sadly, a minority? I think the vast majority of human drivers are alert and sober. It's the long tail of drunk / aggressive / distracted drivers that causes crashes. >Its arguable that self-driving cars are better already. What we need to do is, secure the roads so they won't get confused (fence them & remove pedestrians/bikes). I know, we can't do that everywhere but we could do it for long-haul etc. Like freeways already do. I mean as a human driver, I obviously love limited access roads (and human drivers perform very well on limited access roads). We won't have more of those though - the cultural paradigm for urban planning is one of tearing down freeways, adding bike-lanes, and ensuring pedestrian friendliness for maximum walkability. You think if people didn't have cars, SF Bay Area communities would build enough housing to support their job growth? Native speaker here. You're correct. "Sunsetting" is when the creator slowly phases out manufacturing / support for a product, so FB would need to be the one sunsetting React Native. AirBnB should say they're "transitioning away from" React Native. > I handed those mails to him and looked up what happened, and helped the guy arrange a very rapid transfer outside of the country he was working in. What country was this, out of curiosity? Small local businesses / startups get squeezed out by larger brands with name recognition. No one looks for stuff in the yellow pages anymore - they go to the most successful brand off the internet. Additionally, the risks of starting a business / startup are much higher when the cost of housing and healthcare is so much higher. And on top of that you have student debt. The economy has seen substantial wage growth at the low end. The local McDonald's was advertising pay of $13-$17 an hour - significantly above minimum wage. Not to mention put an apostrophe after "brokers". Took me a minute to parse that title. Brand new apartments actually often offer low rents to fill all the vacancies. E.g. the artsy new apartment in the Dogpatch was going for well under 3k for studios. Even assuming you pony up that much for a fancy apartment in a safe part of town, you should still be able to save substantial amounts of money on a $160k salary. Borrowing the variable examples from another comment, do you believe that the former is easier to understand for someone who knows English grammar than the latter? (I'm using Python syntax since we're going for English-like readability and added parantheses to the boolean operation to indicate order of operations for the liberal arts major that we've decided is the target audience of this code): if isAdmin: return false if not isActive: return false return true vs return (not isAdmin) and isActive Curious why you got burned with IRC client UX given the multitude of clients available for it. How many "better designed" dynamic languages are there even out there? Julia is one such language and is substantially faster than V8, at least for idiomatic code. The problem is that most dynamic languages (like JS) are never designed with speed and efficiency in mind. JS just happens to be the fastest of that bunch (other than Lua) because browser makers have invested substantial effort into making it fast - far more than anyone has put into other dynamic languages. Well, there are some use-cases where Julia is actually faster than compiled code due to being able to compile dynamically generated code on the fly (see https://discourse.julialang.org/t/julia-vs-fortran-complaint... ) But yes, in general the same lack of static guarantees that makes dynamic languages slow also makes code in dynamic languages hard to maintain. I think a lot of programmers tinker with code in dynamic languages and end up liking them as a result, but don't realize the difficulty of working in such a language in a much more complex codebase. Plenty are trying to buy houses - they're just limited by how few people are selling houses... >If you use someone else's DNS, your ISP could still block network packets sent to certain IP addresses, but they wouldn't want to block all AWS IP addresses just to block one site on AWS. Well, that's sort of what Russia did to try to ban Telegram... They would just need to pay a fee to the copyright owner for the violations, not replace all the existing hardware. And the police will confiscate it for their own use if they find you with a lot of it. Why would you have to remember that to solve it? This is the kind of thing I definitely wouldn't already know, but should be able to reason through. That's reality. Most pie in the sky ideas won't work because of fundamental constraints of reality. The trick is to find the leveraged areas where you actually can do something groundbreaking. E.g. solar roadways was a ridiculously stupid idea but solar shingles was brilliant. Or more broadly, self-balancing trees (the best performing balanced tree, the B-tree, is not generally a binary tree). And then there is the skip list. PDF is great for electronically created documents. DjVu is far superior for scanned documents, though. It compresses much smaller and DjVu viewers are far more performant at scrolling through large scanned documents. It absolutely is! You get significantly better cache utilization with a B-tree. Huh. I normally complain about how functional languages seem to be designed to be easy to write the first time but super hard to read and modify. However, in this case, the F# code seems very clear, significantly moreso than the Python code. Don't use this for anything where you don't want cross-site-scripting vulnerabilities... >There's a discussion in GEB about mystery/detective novels, and how the physical fact of seeing that you're near the end of the book leaks information about the state of the plot to you. I noticed this when watching mystery tv shows. When I find myself wondering "wait is this the real culprit?" I just look at how much time is left till the ending... You mean like Nest and Google Fiber? That happens in basically every industry. The problem is that if you double your own estimate, but no one else does, then your project doesn't get selected. Also, if you double your estimate and go ahead with the project, it will have a psychological impact which causes wasteful spending and slow work that will result in additional overruns... To clarify, it happens in basically any industry with megaprojects. Build a wall around the Bay Area? While the spread of Wahabism has been most acute in Saudi Arabia's neighbors, the growth in terrorism has definitely affected the whole world. Granted though, not on the same scale that US wars do. As an Indian-American US Citizen, is there anything I can do to contribute to reducing the green card wait times for Indian immigrants (e.g. prioritize Indian immigrants when choosing a spouse), or is it zero-sum due to per-country limits? I'm confused. Are the screenshots somehow different so that the retina and non-retina screenshots will appear different even when viewing both on non-retina (or retina) display? Yeah, I put them both at normal zoom level and realized that they're both the same, except the retina is much higher pixel density so the text looks a lot bigger when it is set at 1x zoom. That assumes that you can accelerate a wormhole mouth... That's a fair point. Java was a language. They created a platform-independent bytecode associated with that language, but it was closely associated with the language itself. Webassembly is much more of a portable version of ordinary binaries. I don't know why the Alexandara Road was put in there as an example of dull contemporary architecture. It only looks that way in the heavily filtered image the author put up. If you look at other pictures, it actually loooks really nice, largely because it follows some of the principles the author himself advocates (integrating nature and aesthetic coherence). Yup. I'd rather make skyscrapers less boxy (use the multiple overlapping symmetries the author mentions), add lots of skyways between them, and, if feasible, figure out how to add some greenery on the sides. Look at the Petronas towers for inspiration as a starting point for inspiration. The semicolon version reads like you're just providing information about both your preferences. The em-dash version reads like you're disagreeing with your wife. Em-dash tends to indicate that the second clause somehow applies to the first clause. The semicolon fractured what should have been a single thought. It is incredible seeing Google being seriously attacked on here for have an open source path as well. I feel like this is some sort of alternative universe. Exactly. The takeaway from this seems to be to not open up your system a little bit, because then you'll need to go all the way. Whereas e.g. Apple, which built a completely closed phone system from the start, doesn't get any trouble (even when it dominated the smartphone market). Really backwards ruling. And I say this as someone who happily switched to an iPhone to escape Google's data collection. They also don’t have an iOS consortium nor do work with other makers, so there is no bullying makers into doing what they want “or else”. That's the issue though. It seems that Google is being punished for being somewhat willing to work with other makers. Okay, now I am starting to see the argument against Google. Essentially, that they captured a lot of the market with "free" but are increasingly using the terms that come alongside this "free" to bully other manufacturers now that they're locked in with "free Android!". They're using a dominant position in one market to push services in an unrelated market. Note that for the purposes of this ruling, the relevant dominant position isn't in Android, but the Google Play Store. They are free to fork Android though and use it however they want, as Amazon did. They just can't install the Google Play Store without including the other Google apps which Google claims are part of a unified experience. - has prevented manufacturers wishing to pre-install Google apps from selling even a single smart mobile device running on alternative versions of Android that were not approved by Google (so-called "Android forks"). This is the most clearly anti-competitive practice. 1) Text entry that attempts to accept different formats and displays the formatted parse of the format next to it. Decent on desktop, text entry on mobile is poor. Why not the standard MMDDYYYY (or DDMMYYYY depending on localization) format (with intervening static / /) that every credit card or user information form uses? Number entry on mobile is very easy. Here it is divided by CPI and population: https://fred.stlouisfed.org/graph/?g=kyKl Elevated roadways would be far easier to build than tunnels. That seems like a low estimate of the cost of a senior SWE at Google. They probably earn at least 400k in cash + bonus + stock, and there are employer costs beyond that (office space, benefits, payroll taxes). In all this time I didn’t even know python uses reference counting instead of tracing gc... Eh? Maybe this is different in Britain, but here in the US, "curry" is simply a general word for the category of foods that are both spicy and liquidy, and tend to be eaten with rice or bread (in contrast to soups). It's obviously a given that there are an infinite number of sauces and flavors in curries, both in and outside India... It's also interesting to consider that many of the standard ingredients in Indian dishes (chili peppers, potatoes, and tomatoes) are not indigenous and were only introduced from the New World by Portuguese traders within the past 500 years. Seems particularly weird given that it has "Algebraic data types (with Option and Result predefined)." I mean, it is already hard enough to redesign infrastructure for trains, trolleys, buses, etc... Right, the issue doesn't seem to be the fact that the law is being republished, but the fact that some government entity is making use of a private copyrighted standard in its laws in the first place. There was a massive crime wave as those generations entered adulthood... She certainly spoke about that though in the section about needing warm introductions... I don’t understand the comments calling this a humblebrag. If anything, it is useful to have a startup that successfully raised money saying how awful the process was even for them... Replace “investors” with “women” and “founders” with “men”, and you could accurately describe dating in the valley. Low hit rate, the need for warm intros, the need to fake it till you make it for confidence, ghosting, all part of the dating experience. Which makes me wonder - could male founders be more immunized to this experience due to practice from the dating arena? Most cars don’t have windshields and rear windows that open. Why am I getting downvoted for this? The windshield and rear window will continue contributing to the greenhouse effect. If there isn't enough of a breeze, this will be an issue. In still air, parked cars heat up even with the windows all the way down. The new url is paywalled though... Sounds like they prepared limited and bad training data for it. As usual, garbage in, garbage out. Still only a fifth... Repeat after me, correlation =/= causation. Also, whether it causes SIDS or not, infant circumcision is horrible. McMaster is extremely overpriced. Good for just ordering stuff for quick prototypes where you don't need to shop on price, but otherwise, it's easy to end up paying multiple times as much for some item as you would if you found a good OEM supplier for each component (and this isn't even considering Chinese OEM suppliers). Did you mean to write "pole" instead of "poll"? (Genuine question - I'm not sure whether "poll" is a term with some meaning in the telecom / isp industry.) What specifically makes path tracing not a special case of ray tracing? To me, ray tracing is anything that traces rays (unlike the typical rasterization using z-buffering), and path tracing is just a poorly-named high fidelity method of using ray tracing... Wow, that's good to hear. As someone who would like the option of settling down outside the Bay Area down the road, but wouldn't want to miss out on the opportunities available at top companies in the Bay Area, I'm curious how much and what kind of experience they're looking for in making these offers. And it's on track to be half of the 1981-1990 number again in 2011-2020? What annoys me is that mistake theorists often insist on stepping in and trying to stop people from defending themselves against other conflict theorists. E.g. chool policies that punish all violence (including when a kid fights back against a bully). While it might be phrased in a way that implies the customer is partly to blame, the actual details would indicate the main problem was with Azure Kubernetes Service. Critical system daemons going down because the application uses too much memory is not a reasonable failure mode (and the AKS team rightfully fixed it). So you are saying Cambridge Analytica wouldn't be able to get access to people's banking data by marketing some sort of convenience app to them? I'm very supportive of this for all the reasons you listed, and particularly a variant of e. - it's deeply unfair that large investors get to take advantage of IPO pops that average people are locked out of. I hope you and others follow in Spotify's shoes in normalizing direct IPOs. That's wrong. A company's goal is to provide a worthwhile good or service. It does this effectively by generating profits that can be reinvested into growing its services or goods. And when it can no longer efficiently reinvest its profits to providing a better service or good, it instead returns the profits to shareholders so that they may reinvest those profits into companies that can better utilize the capital to provide useful goods or services. She's also a white nationalist and neo-Nazi... >In the construction of the fields, there is a simple definition of the division function. It is intrinsically the solution of a = r * b, where r is the unknown. If a is nonzero, and b is zero, then r, the ratio, is said not to exist. Put another way, there is no real value of r that can be chosen that satisfies r * 0 = a. Exactly. That's the definition of division. Here, he is introducing a totally different definition and claiming it isn't wrong because it is consistent. I mean, by his logic I could define division as a/b := a-b and claim it is consistent and therefore not wrong, but that is obviously not division... Well, you have an ambiguity as to whether it should be +INF or -INF, depending on which side you take the limit from. Arguably, 0 is more reasonably because it preserves symmetry. Of course, it would be far more reasonable to define this as an exception, because you shouldn't be able to do division by 0. No, that is not necessary. "Given an x, y, and N such that x/N == y/N, it is true that x == y". There is no need to say N != 0 under the ordinary definition of division. Well, Prop 13 in California particularly incentivizes housing bubble chasing. The standard definition of r = p/q is the number that solves the equation rq = p. This version of "division" does not satisfy that definition, and is therefore not actual division. Call it division* or something. Edit: it seems that Pony is only doing this for integer "division", which isn't regular division anyway, and the standard rules don't apply. >It's also a bit odd because it introduces a discontinuity: as the divisor goes towards zero the result of the operation gets greater until it reaches exactly zero and it yields 0. Wouldn't it make more sense to return INT_MAX (for integers) or +inf for floats? Unless you're using unsigned ints, the discontuity will exist no matter what you do, because of negative divisors. >2) this applies only to integer division wherein division by zero is undefined. 1.0/0.0 uses the available Infinity value. Ah, that seems rather reasonable. For whatever reason, the OP had me thinking that Pony was replacing the ordinary semantics of IEEE 754 floating point division (probably because he talked about fields and multiplicative inverses). Having 1/0 = 0 seems like a very reasonable choice, especially if you have 1%0 = 1 as well. Of course, if anyone thinks they will actually encounter division by 0 in their code, and needs to treat it as an error, they can always test for it. Powers of 2 are not a prime though, unless the power is 1 (i.e. we are dealing with single-bit integers). >If we assume that we got to 0 because of a rounding error we do know that it should be some positive integer. That's assuming we had rounding error from a positive number, not a negative number. Of course, if you are concerned about rounding, you shouldn't be using integer arithmetic. >1/(a number approaching 0) produces ever increasing integers. No. It produces a bunch of 0s, except when the denominator is 1 (where it produces 1) or the denominator is -1 (where it produces -1). Unless you're using a language like Python, in which case it produces -1 for all negative denominators. >I like your point here. I think 1/0 = Infinity+ is a satisfying expression. Its a clear concept which can be visualized in a simple graph. Except it isn't. It still depends on which side you take the path from - from the positive denominator or the negative denominator side. (This is why IEEE 754 has a single signless infinity). It encourages treating property as an investment, rather than something you own so you can live in it. This results in, for example, people buying second homes or investment properties, as well as people holding on to houses that they would have otherwise sold off (to move to a more suitable locaiton as a retiree, for example). Don't know why you're getting downvoted, but thanks for the clarification. Looks like I misremembered. Apparently it also has +0 and -0... The vertical he gave seems to do just fine with centralization. Asana and Trello are very popular for the work-tracking use-case. Well, the youngest generation moved off FB and Snapchat, and [the appearance of] privacy seems to have been a factor there. Of course, I don't see how decentralization helps with privacy though - instead of trusting just one vendor, you end up trusting several vendors (either the service providers in the case of federation, or the app writers in the case of full decentralization) assuming people you communicate with are using a varied set of vendors (i.e. you don't end up with a dominant vendor like gmail). How does anything you said indicate that Chinese having a bias towards savings is a myth? Investing money in bitcoin, stocks, real estate bubbles, etc. is still saving (not consumption). Might be bad savings, but it's still savings. Don't know about the other regions/coutnries (I imagine it is the same), but only a miniscule fraction of Americans have studied Finance. I don't really think keeping the financial system (which is an integral part of an economy) functioning is the same as keeping an asset bubble afloat. The US gov. certainly didn't stop the real estate bubble from bursting. It merely stepped in to recapitalize banks, and got its money back with interest in the process of keeping the financial system from falling apart. At the time, everyone was gearing up to make a run on the banks to get their money out first. I assume the idea is to drop the bomb in front of the fire so the shockwave pushes the embers backwards? Severe droughts are historic to California (and therefore "normal", though perhaps not "healthy"). https://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/14/science/californias-histo... I'd be perfectly happy with a tax on data collection and targetted ads. The problem is that the cities with thriving job markets tend to also have high housing costs. Well, it probably comes out to a wash after you subtract copays, deductibles, and other out of pocket healthcare expenses from the US after-tax income. That's not how the median works though. You're thinking of mean. It's interesting that we work in an industry where employees are naturally given out a share of the company, but this share is structured so as to give them zero legal power over, e.g., the composition of the board or company decisions in general. It is merely there to give employees a claimed share in the future financial success of the company (I say claimed because some companies have terms such as clawback provisions that make the stock worthless - check out Skype for example). While many startups do informally have heavy involvement of employees in decision-making, others do not. It would be an interesting experiment to have a startup where employees who have vested and exercised shares get to elect their own board representatives. Well, rent-control kind of works like this. You are forced to continue renting out your property to the renter at the price they've been renting it for. I don't think the bill checks whether a company is private or not. Merely whether it has $1 billion in revenues or not. So it doesn't directly affect whether a company will want to go public. Note, non-profit and corporation are not mutually exclusive. A not-for-profit corporation is a type of corporation, and has shareholders. Yeah, I'm never been a fan of rent control (and voted against San Mateo Measure Q), particularly its effects on market rates for newcomers. However, recently I've been starting to realize that the market is already distorted by Prop 13, so perhaps rent control might simply even the playing field between renters and owners. In my ideal world, Prop 13 wouldn't be a thing, and homeowners would be advocating for heavy housing development around them to keep property values low (and hence keep their tax bill from going up). I think it's accurate for people who get competing offers and negotiate. So why single out the app and the natural birth control method if the same problem (people using it incorrectly) applies to condoms as well? Salary =/= total comp. Nope, not in most architectures. In a 0-based indexing system, the base pointer points to the first element of the array. In a 1-based indexing system, the base pointer points to the slot in memory that isone spot behind the first element in the array. This is how Julia (and Ada) does arbitrary indexing. There are like a dozen or so top companies that pay the top TC. This list is roughly accurate, though I question some of those being tier 1 (Jet, Splunk, Oracle, and Quora at the least seem to be off): https://www.teamblind.com/article/Compensation-Tiers-of-Comp... It's certainly true though that you can't get the kinds of top compensation numbers you see on Blind if you aren't good enough at Leetcode questions (and systems design questions) to get offers from multiple top companies. The OP was not receiving any stock, ergo his total compensation of $100k was far below the market rate. It uses about 215MB for me, 6 processes. I don't see why process count matters. Have you checked your extensions? I just opened VS Code with a moderate sized codebase (Flask), and then clicked out of it and watched the CPU usage go to 0% in task manager (it was ~2-3% when I had VS Code focused). If it helps clean up the npm ecosystem mess, would that really be a bad thing? Right. Adding types is a good way to ensure you're writing type-stable code, but when you do write type-stable code, Julia can usually infer that it is type-stable without needing actual specified types. That link says nothing about targeted ads. It talks about the content of the advertisements. Mind you, I do think that ads targeted only to e.g. certain races are crappy and probably violate the law, but that certainly isn't as obvious from the links people are providing. These ads don't indicate any preference though. They are targeted based on a preference (which is not surfaced to the viewers of the ad), but don't actually indicate any preference. The cartels are already getting in on it to get around those pesky trade barriers on dangerously addictive drugs. I'm just never joining a social network that requires me to "toot". Sorry. So it's a social network for Europeans? And this is why commercial social networks tend to be so much more user friendly. They actually put effort into acquiring me as a user, because they can then monetize my eyeballs. It's not just the FAANG companies; it's a lot of startups and unicorns that compete with FAANG for talent (though generally Amazon pays less than the rest so it is more like FANG) as well. But it's certainly true that in the broader US job market, everyone is complaining about a shortage in job-seekers, but refusing to raise wages to attract the employees they so desperately need. In fact, last time I checked, wages went up by less than inflation, year over year. There seems to be some sort of reverse unionization where employers are keeping wages sticky and unwilling to raise wages even when doing so is necessary. Netflix. Microsoft pays way less (except LinkedIn, and probably Github as well now). My strategy in my recent job search was to provide my walkaway number (the minimum I'd need to bother leaving my existing employment), and state that I was looking for an offer that would be competitive with other offers. It helped that I was positioning myself to have offers from multiple companies I would be happy to work at, so offer competitiveness could be a major factor in making my decision. I have a bridge project to Hawaii that I'd like to sell you. Some people are very skeptical aout the project but it's the only project that is trying to build a bridge to Hawaii. Market comp for a talented experienced engineer is 250-450k. If you are paying that much, you can go ahead and skimp on equity. >Anyone else getting a little tired of the immediate reduction of any conversation around early-stage startup job opportunities to "comp vs FAANG"? The difference is so big, that I hope it continues to get repeated, until we start seeing a fairer distribution of equity. >- You will develop a wide breadth of skills you simply can't develop at FAANG, as you will be involved in product meetings, business strategy conversations, and will regularly eat lunch with the CEO. I imagine the reverse of this is true as well, in that there are skills developed at FAANG that are hard to develop as employee Yes, this is true. Note, however, that this exposure isn't necessarily that transferable, unless you plan to become a founder yourself (which isn't a bad idea). >- You will get to fast-track your career progression, in that you will be in line for promotions much earlier than in large companies, as opportunities emerge. Only internally. It won't transfer to long term career progression unless your startup happens to be widely successful. >- Companies (including FAANG) will look for folks with your skillset (my startup experience was a huge plus in my recent job search). Nah. Experience in general is a huge plus in today's job market - but non-founder startup experience is no better than any other experience, unless your startup happens to be widely successful. >- You will work on hard problems, with passionate people; folks aren't punching the clock here. This is fun. People are passionate and not punching the clock in most places. You certainly do get to work on hard problems at small startups much more though. >Also, for folks just thinking about comp, I'd like to gently point out that a 40 hour week on work you feel "meh" about is ~35% of your waking life. That's not to say you can't find exciting work at FAANG (I hope I have), but rather that there is more to a job than comp or career progression, and working with passionate folks on hard problems can be incredibly fulfilling. And your comp today directly determines how much of your waking life down the road you will need to spend on work. Higher comp today means financial independence tomorrow (allowing you to work on whatever the heck you like). Note: I'm a happy early engineer at a startup that offers competetive comp (based on my personal evaluation - and I'm normally a skeptical person - the expected value of my compensation is clearly higher than what I would get at FAANG), so I'm not agains startups; it's just highly unfortunate that most startup founders are incredibly stingy with equity. I was doing rocket science but switched to software engineering for the money. I certainly enjoy software engineering, and am not in it solely for the money, but had there been no difference in compensation, I would never have switched. I like having a chance at owning a decent home in the Bay Area (where I've grown up) some day. Well, while large companies are moving towards immediate vesting, startups continue to have 1 year vesting cliffs, so they have plenty of time to fix the cap table after a bad hire. This. Distributing your components over a network certainly forces encapsulation, but you can have encapsulation without all the complexities that come with running microservices in separate processes / machines. >We at Redis Labs are sorry for the confusion generated by the Creative Common page, and my colleagues are working to fix the page with better wording. So I'm not the only one mixing up "Creative Commons" with "Commons Clause". That's pretty much the driving force behind all censorship - thinking ahead and realizing how huge of a threat the information in question is. >However, there are frequently hidden motives for these projects. For example, Google puts significant investment into Kubernetes, but it’s also in their financial best interest to do so. This, in a nutshell, is the driving force behind the EU's antitrust investigation of Android. You meant domain name, not TLD, right? I'd be curious how many of them were engineers. Those look like symmetric tires to me, not directional tires. The need for money and/or guanxi might be worse in China, but it's certainly not China-specific. Every time I see an example of police and the justice system running roughshod over somebody I think "I need to be rich and well-connected so this won't happen to me". The ability to get top medical care in America is also dependent on having good connections, insurance, and/or deep pockets. Of course, as an introvert, I'm relatively bad at creating and holding on to a wide net of connections, so I have to make up for it with more money. If it were that easy to setup tech-based infrastructure, we would have had positive train control implemented years ago. I believe Lyft does not take any cut from the tip. Or just different skin tones, hair colors and textures, facial features such as skin around the eyes, body shapes, etc. If alien biologists were trying to discover a bunch of new species (as human biologists do), they would be classifying humans as a bunch of different species. Oh, we lost a car. No big deal, we'll just send another copy! Almost none. If you split the CEO pay across all the mass of workers, it won’t come out to much. The set of interviewees for a software engineering position is not really a representative sample of workers in the industry. Particularly at a company that doesn't have big name recognition, you're going to end up disproportionately getting job applications from the bottom sections of tech talent. If it's a high margin business (e.g. Apple), that will help the workers a lot, while depressing shareholder returns. If it's a low margin business, it will go bankrupt. Note that in the past several years, shareholders have experienced massive returns due to rising corporate profits, largely because corporations have held workers' wages stagnant throughout the economic recovery/boom. Actually, aside from the llvm back end, the parser is in lisp. Not really a black box though. Though I guess you are talking about libraries? Drawbacks: * A lot of packages are incompatible with the latest versions of Julia. Though because it has stabilized, this is likely to stop being an issue soon. * There isn’t any major organization that has adopted it yet, which may impact its long term success in contrast to other new languages like go swift rust etc that have a major sponsor. Garbage collector makes it unsuitable for certain real time uses, which is unfortunate given its otherwise predictable performance characteristics. * Although there are web frameworks for it, I’m not sure whether they are mature enough for production use. * Personal pet peeve: no infix operator for integer division. I haven’t looked recently whether there is a package for this. I should probably make my own if not. Is having group conversations in person a social medium too? Oh wow. I see it was just missing from the docs until May, which was why I hadn't seen it. Well, I was thinking more of an organization using it across the board, preferably one that is prominent enough to result in other copycat users. (To be clear, I really love the Julia language, and use it quite a bit in personal projects - I'm just hoping that it gets strong adoption, since adoption is what drives the development of miscellaneous libraries and packages). Between this and the stupid Mr. Robot thing, I’m starting to seriously question the judgement of PMs at Mozilla (or Firefox at least). >So many hard algorithms that I would have a hard time doing from scratch are implemented in Julia. Well it helps that it's a lot easier to implement stuff from scratch in Julia than pretty much any other language. Computing is an algorithm which can produce the value to any given precision (I.e. bounds size). Approximating is an algorithm which eventually converges to the true value but you never know when you’ve actually gotten close enough. For this reason the computable numbers are a subset of the approximately numbers. The problem seems to be inherent to public social networks. Facebook and messaging apps like WhatsApp Telegram etc tend to be free of this cesspool, but most public networks (twitter, Reddit, instagram, YouTube) seem to inevitably devolve into it. Hacker news has been surprisingly resilient though. I have never observed anything like what you're talking about. Note: https://qz.com/india/1152683/indian-it-layoffs-in-2017-top-5... >Day care costs are exorbitant. Groceries, gas prices, inflation is across the board because well paid tech workers are driving up the costs. Even costs to get work done on your house or property has doubled in 6 years. That's cause wages of other workers go up, because the supply of workers dwindles if wages don't keep up with housing costs (people wouldn't work here if they weren't payed enough to afford to live within say an hour and a half of work). The solution would be to build more housing to keep prices low - somethung which homeowners would support if prop 13 weren’t a thing. It is ironic that the same people who support immigration on a national level become extremely nativist when it comes to their own city. Not really, unless there is something exceptional about the person. 400-500k is the general total compensation for most fully promoted engineers at FANG. (E.g. L5 at Google). Large scale landlords actually want to invest in more property. E.g. the apartment building I reside in was built only a few years ago by a publicly traded REIT. It is nativist homeowners that oppose new building because it reduces home appreciation and brings traffic and ethnically different people to the neighborhood / city. The number of users is not the problem, the lack of scaling to support them is the problem. Scaling sf would be easy - just approve housing development projects faster. And it will harm ocean wildlife more than it will help... https://www.kcet.org/redefine/6-reasons-that-floating-ocean-... Personally, I worry about a lot. Global warming, not so much. It will have an impact on coasta cities but that aside, it really isn't that big a deal. We have much bigger risks to worry about (both environmental and otherwise). Some of the stuff mentioned in the linked thread certainly smacks of monopolistic behavior. Given how much Trump hates Bezos, there might be a very real opportunity to get a govt. investigation of Amazon's anticompetetive tactics. The article presented an excellent way to cleanup large plastics without ensnaring wildlife - pick them up when they briefly wash onto beaches. The Ocean Cleanup net does nothing to clean up microplastics though... >Most of the worlds largest cities are near the coasts. There are some cities (New Orleans, Venice, Boston to an extent, to name a few), which are highly vulnerable to sea level rise, but most coastal cities are at high enough elevation that a sea level rise of a few meters wouldn't be the end of the world - it would require better levees, dikes, etc. Contrast with such risks as increased capability of biological warfare, the persistent risk of nuclear warfare, or, ecologically, declining natural forestation and vegetation due to heavy use of land for cultivated agriculture. As for extreme weather, it's not like the Earth naturally has less extreme weather at colder temperatures. Warmer temperatures will cause changes in weather patterns, and some places are getting more extreme weather than before, but there is no reason it will be net worse for the whole world. On the contrary, agricultural output goes up with increasing temperature. Are those actual early millionaires or just retirees with retirement savings? Honestly, SaaS is a relatively easy sector to value, since valuation tends to be a pretty straightforward multiple of ARR (with the exact multiple tending to be based on growth rate and (un)profitability). Throw in comparables of other IPOs with similar product types, and you can pretty reliably estimate how much a company will IPO at. Well in their case if they had to they could axe most of their sales and marketing spending, and become cash flow neutral and survive a hiccup. Subscription was the bulk of their revenue, over licensing and services... No, I mean the data on 85% of millioniares. It probably captures mostly retirees. As for the article, the people in it seem to need to continue living a frugal lifestyle after early retirement, so they aren't exactly wealthy. Financially independent, yes, but not wealthy. Is the Python executor actually using multiplication for the square and left-shift for the multiply by 2? If not, that would probably be the biggest change he should be making... Edit: guess it doesn't matter - Python is so ridiculously slow either way... A lot of "machine learning" is the more traditional statistics-based data science, not deep learning using a CNN or something... If data scientists don't create a whole lot of value, then I wouldn't worry too much about a shortage in data scientists. Well, England is technically a monarchy... Apparently Tesla is already producing 5,000 a week, which isn't very far off from 25,000 a month. My Subaru never shadow brakes. Its driver assistance technology is certainly more rudimentary than Tesla's (only has lane keep assist and adaptive cruise control, and the adaptive cruise control doesn't see speedups far ahead and doesn't catch people switching into my lane until they're already halfway switched), but it is very reliable at doing what I expect to, and not having any dangerous shadow-braking like that. >If your friends' Tesla has serious software bug, I'm curious to know his experience with other brands! Most brands have actual knobs and handles instead of putting everything in a digital interface in the entertainment console. "Affordability" and "opportunity" are the same thing. If I don't have the opportunity to find affordable housing here, then it isn't affordable for me. Conversely, if I can't afford to live here, I don't have the opportunity to live here. Value creation is a different matter though - a place can become less affordable and create more value, or can become more affordable and create less value (Detroit, with its vacant subdivisions, being an obvious example). My Subaru is not electric. Its range is significantly higher than the Model 3. It has much lower acceleration, but it's plenty to meet my needs (and indeed, I did not get the version with higher engine power because I do not need high acceleration). It also cost me half as much as a Model 3 would. On the other hand, none of the features on my Subaru are in beta. Most importantly, it has fully functioning adaptive cruise control, which is a crucial feature for making highway drives more pleasant (particularly when driving in traffic), and in this day and age, I wouldn't buy a commuter vehicle which lacks a fully functioning adaptive cruise control system. One that became unaffordable due to contracted supply and then became more affordable due to expanded housing supply? Can't think offhand of any examples that have pulled off this turnaround, which, sadly, bodes poorly for the future of the SF Bay Area. Your point about central urban real estate is true, but that doesn't mean the entire urban metropolitan area has to be unaffordable. E.g., my friends in NYC tell me it is reasonably affordable in that although Manhattan itself is expensive, the surrounding boroughs and suburbs have plenty of affordable housing within reasonable commuting distance. Of course, a lot of this is just generational - after WW2, there was a lot of investment in building in general, be it building up all the cities or the interstate highway system. This seemed to turn around in the 70s (at around the same time median wages became flat with inflation, and general inequality started rising). You can keep your profit margins arbitrarily low by paying yourselves exorbitant salaries. Interesting. When I was looking at potential options this summer, I mostly just responded to inbound interest on LinkedIn (including recruiters who had contacted me several months previously but I had told them at the time I wasn’t looking to switch). I spoiled up a few other options off of interviewing.io, and ended up heavily culling companies to keep my interview load manageable (especially since I was working full time). Of course, I was in the Bay Area working for a reputable company (Asana), so that probably greatly affected my success rate. There are ways around this. Triplebyte and codefights are good options and finding a recruiter to refer you tends to improve the success rate (you can email me if you need help with any of this). I was doing rocket science but switched to software engineering because I want to someday afford a decent house in the Bay Area. So yes, higher compensation definitely increases the supply of software engineers. Different people have different price points at which they would switch, but the potential supply is definitely there. Companies need to do a much better job of not screening out applicants with non traditional resumes though - I had to go through triplebyte to get my foot in the door. Ah, forgot that it doesn’t list the email on the profile. I updated my about page and it should have it now. Yeah, I’m happy to help everyone! That's enough to drive up the stock market by a lot (trillions of dollars of new money drive up market prices for stocks, and the value of exsiting investments, most of which are never sold to the 401ks by existing investers, goes up a lot). You can just do a lot of multiplications, and let your brain cache the results over time. Everyone should be well-versed in linear algebra and calculus before learning quantitative physics, economics, etc. It just makes the subjects so much easier. SF seems to have chosen to go the latter route. It isn’t that manual is bad at stop and go traffic. It is that adaptive cruise control is really great at it, and adaptive cruise control is only available on automatics. I've worked with Ada but not deployed it in a real product, so take what I say with a grain of salt, but: > that development time would be considerably longer It really depends on how good the support for the platform you're working on. If it is well-supported / documented, then you'll be at least as fast as with C. > that finding other people able to maintain the codebase would be hard Eh, it's a pretty straightforward language, and anybody reasonably talented (which most embedded programmers certainly are) should be able to maintian it without difficulty. > and that the resulting code would be considerably less performant than equivalent C. Definitely not the case. Ada is basically a bare metal language (notably, no garbage collector), so it is very performant, and just as easy to reason about performance and underlying assembly code as C. There are some runtime checks that are enabled by default (e.g. bounds checking) which contribute to slightly slower performance, but these can be easily disabled if needed. > How does it compare to "microcontroller C" with no strings and statically declared memory? It's basically the same, but with far fewer "gotchas" to trip you up, but stricter typing and nicer semantics, together with a pascalesque syntax (more english like, without curly brackets, which you may or may not like). I've only ever used it with statically declared memory (although it does have features like memory pools which reportedly make managing heap-allocated objects easier). To me, "Estimate how many windows are in New York" is a much more pleasant question to answer than "Are you a good listener?" or "Tell me about a time when you failed"... I don't think classes of buildings are that imporant. Just multiply the resident population by the number of windows per person. Just throwing a number out there, I'd estimate something like 10 windows per resident, counting residential and commercial. I'm not saying that is the best question to ask an interviewee. I'm just saying it's the nicest of the three for me to be on the receiving end of. (Although, to be clear, "are you a good listener?" is an absolutely terrible question.) Apple interviews are team-specific, so I'm not sure that the existence of a single jerk on a single team's interview loop should reflect on a company with hundreds if not thousands of teams and tens of thousands of engineers. He is saying they do need to care about algorithmic complexity in choosing data structures or implementations, but rarely need to figure out really clever algorithmic tricks (of the sort which tend to be tested by harder algorithmic questions, like the "find whether there is a loop in singly-linked-list", which relies on the running pointer technique which you never need to use in real life). Well, a classic command line is a very poor interface to the computer. It's only good because every other interface is so bloated and indirect. This seems very finely tuned to the Julia language (i.e. relying heavily on meta-programming). It's not clear to me that strong support for meta-programming is actually that necessary for every day use cases. I'd be curious to see what kinds of implementations someone could come up with in CUDA using templates, though. It could easily blow the Julia performance out of the water. This is how you get buffer overflows... That image seems to be somewhat misleading though, as the scale isn’t preserved across pictures. If you look at the bone size, the middle pic mostly has more fat. You can certainly use a GPU package for Julia with macros for generating ptx code. That's not what the OP did though. He merely optimized for using SIMD, which provides Julia a distinct advantage over other languages with strong metaprogramming, such as C++. But if you care enough about performance that you focus on the performance benefits of SIMD over ordinary execution, you probably should be using the GPU instead. By using CUDA (not C++) as the language, one can get far faster performance right out of the box. Thus, a much fairer comparison, if we care so much about performance that non-SIMD execution is a non-starter, would be CUDA vs. Julia targeting the GPU. Note that I absolutely love Julia because I find it far easier to write than a language like C++, but idiomatic Julia code still has low overhead, unlike, say, Python, which introduces orders of magnitude of overhead compared to low level languages, and you have to move away from simple idiomatic code to achieve reasonable performance. However, I find it unreasonable to focus on SIMD performance - the performance gain over non-vectorized code isn't that big, and if you do want to eek out that much extra performance, you should focus on using the GPU. Yes, so much this. I want to be able to write simple idiomatic code without having an insanely large (10x-1000x) overhead. That just doesn't happen in Python. Things might be different in LA’s situation, but if it is anything like the Bay Area, dense housing located where the jobs are won’t worsen traffic much. Better to have people living near work than commuting in from distant suburbs because they can’t find housing near their workplace. >That's not true. There's a lot of heavily serial algorithms which do not always work well on the GPU unless they are of a very large size, larger than most applications. This happens a lot in optimization and differential equations, two of the pillars of scientific computing. And those situations tend to get a very minimal speedup from SIMD. >Tim already wrote that article where it shows how Julia code generation can be faster in some instances for GPUs. https://devblogs.nvidia.com/gpu-computing-julia-programming-... . Yes, that's great, and would have made for an interesting challenge, rather than focusing on SIMD instead of serial or GPU performance. >Where? I didn't word it well, but I meant to say that Julia doesn't have much overhead compared to C/C++, unlike Python (what overhead it does have comes from garbage collection). It's astounding how many people in this thread seem to think that a compromised mirror or compromised certificate authority is somehow a comparable risk to plain old MITM. Or Julia if you want to prepare them for the future. Agreed in general, although given the reputation of Chicago politics, I’m not sure that would have been the case here. Why isn’t it a good introduction to programming? It has a really consistent syntax, and polymorphism via multiple dispatch is a lot simpler to learn than polymorphism via classes imo. “Do not duplicate your code” rarely improves readability, unless the part that you dedupe is a simple semantic component of its own and not closely intertwined with the nonduplicated code it is embedded in. More often, it can lead to the hidden trap of abstractions mentioned in the OP’a post. The primary reason to avoid code duplication is to improve maintainability and refactorability, not to improve readability. I believe the example here is where you bypass the borrow checker by keeping your own pool of memory and then allocating objects on that pool, using a custom heap implementation with manual memory management (or with a custom garbage collector). You can do that in either C or Rust (or any other language for that matter). It's the same thing as the Macbook Pro. Not to mention letting the Mac Pro stagnate. They seem to have abandoned power users and decided to focus on mass consumers. The iPhone SE has a headphone jack, and is affordable. A great little phone. Now Apple is killing it. This post is blatantly wrong. Wootz steel (sourced from India but known in the West as Damascus steel because that was where a lot of the blades were made) was not pattern welded / folded. Pattern welding was used in the West to try and emulate these blades, and has gotten the name "Damascus steel", but it is not classic Damascus / wootz steel. > "The other type of pattern-welded steel is the so called “Damascus steel”. Originally used in middle eastern sword making, the method has been lost since about the 16th century. That's simply wrong. It wasn't pattern-welded. It appeared similar to pattern-welded steel, but was manufactured without any pattern-welding. We do know generally how they were made. Wootz was crucible steel. It's just not a living tradition and we don't have documentation of the exact details. In recent years, some people have been able to figure out the process, making use of impurities present in the original wootz, to create blades that chemically, structurally, and visually resemble the original wootz blade. The methods they have come up with are probably the same methods used to make original damascus blades; we just can't confirm that since the original process isn't documented well enough to know exact details. They can do whatever they want. That said, there are certain classes of power users (creatives) that are very loyal users, and it seems like a good core demographic to cater to. Devs are probably much less loyal, but catering to creatives would likely cater to us as well. The problem with catering directly to mass consumers is that the minute some other brand becomes more fashionable, they will jump to it. And if at that point creatives have been sufficiently fed up with the non-utility of Apple products, they might have already abandoned ship, and Apple will not have a code demographic to fall back to (or to keep it fashionable in the first place). Is there a federal mandate that forces us to be in pacific time instead of mountain time? That sounds really impressive. Definitely interested in seeing what you've got (and an open source release would be cool)! Urbanists who hate cars like to tear down freeways. E.g. in SF they tore down the Embarcadero and Central freeways, instead of repairing and extending them. This of course forces more cars onto the streets, making life worse for everyone. To live within reasonable walking / public transport distance of my workplace in SF, I'd be paying about a thousand dollars a month more in rent. If you don't want me to commute in from the suburb, build more housing in the city and bring down market rent there. It's a town with a population of 90k. It wouldn't suck either way. Or better yet, "Build your projects and instantly publish them online", for ease of parsing. There are ways to have fast scrolling while maintaining ctrl-f compatibility by rendering a lightweight text-only copy of the content outside the viewport. It's unfortunate most websites don't bother doing that. The GPL doesn’t really stop bundlers from stealing it. It just requires them to provide the (potentially modified) source code to their customers upon request. Yes, and that's also an increasingly important point, given e.g. AWS's use of Redis. Compressed air duster didn't fix it? Although I go with the Everett interpretation (which I like to think of as the "universal wave function" interpretation because it is really just a minimalist theory assuming that the laws of wavefunction evolution always apply), and the many worlds aspect is just a byproduct of the fact that a wave function left to its own devices would decohere into a bunch of practically non-interacting "worlds". It should be noted, however, that the Everett interpretation does have one issue: it's not clear why probabilities should work the way they do. There are different approaches to deriving the laws of probabilities under Everettian physics, but things very easily get metaphysical once you try to go down that road. As you point out, the Bohm Interpretation works as a single world interpretation, although it relies on reifying particles embedded in waves to essentially select a single world, which is rather ad-hoc. However, it does give us the probabilities for free, assuming any reasonable initial setup for the particles. I don't have a summary offhand that would be better than anything you can Google up, but this post by Sean Carroll explains the issue and details one possible answer: http://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2014/07/24/why-prob... Haven't read the paper in detail yet, but aren't they claiming it violates assumption SC (self-consistency)? It would still only last until the artist dies in that scenario... It depends on how many factors you control for. I’ve seen pay gaps of anywhere between +10% and -3% depending on how aggressive they are in controlling for confounding factors (willingness to negotiate being a particularly notable factor). The studies that show men out earning women are probably not controlling as aggressively as they should. It should of course be noted that e.g. controlling for level is not justifiable if women get unfairly denied promotions. You make that sound like a lot. It's only equivalent to like 20 pages of raw plain text in size. Yeah, I don't use it (mechanical watch guy personally), but the appeal is obvious - it does all the functionality that people want in minimalist phones, while being conveniently located and viewable at a glance. > Why do you think those that still show a gap are undercorrecting rather than those that are not showing a gap are overcorrecting? I didn't say that. I explicitly pointed out that e.g. bias in promotions would result in overcorrecting if one controls for leveling. > I am not sure what corrections should be made to data comparing people with the same job at the same company. There are things like tenure, experience level, work hours, etc. that aren't captured by just job/company (e.g. "software engineer at x" can capture a wide range of employees that shouldn't be and aren't compensated the same). However, most of these studies don't even look at the same company, and usually only control for things like industry, experience, and degree. The Carta study doesn't even control for anything. > If your job has nothing to do with negotiating then your ability and/or willingness to negotiate shouldn't be the deciding factor in what compensation you receive. I agree in principle, but have come to realize that in practice it doesn't work out that way. The problem is that negotiation-willingness tends to be a proxy for how much an employee cares about compensation. Thus, employers have reason to provide higher comp to the employees who negotiate for it (since they will value the higher comp), but not to provide higher comp to employees who don't negotiate (since they are much less likely to value the extra compensation spent on them). In practice, you end up with two sorts of companies. One kind refuses to negotiate or match counter-offers, and tends to have relatively low compensation across the board; these companies typically have mission-driven employees who don't prioritize compensation. You have the other kind that does negotiate, and often offers relatively high compensation to everyone, but particularly those who negotiate for it; this kind of company typically has a mix of mission-driven and compensation-driven employees. In my experience, the distribution of mission-driven vs. compensation-driven people is not equal across the genders. This may very well be due to socialization. What I'd like for regular thinking is a spa. Whenever I'm fortunate enough to actually own a house, I'm going to put in a spa. As a car driver, I love the brightly painted bike lanes. Helps decrease my cognitive load for knowing where I should and shouldn't drive, and where I should expect bicycles to be when turning right. Presumably they wouldn't be employed there if they couldn't pass the interview though? I usually assume ML refers to machine learning and ML-like, ML-family, ML-derived, etc. refers to the FP languages. Yeah, I actually understand the experience they're trying to create here, and it jives with the general goal of trying to create a consistent identity-based experience for all Google products. However, this isn't for me (I used to be annoyed enough by my Android phone wanting to sync everything to Google's servers, and switched to an iPhone as a result), and what I hate is that Google never notified users of the change - I probably would have taken a long while to notice this if I hadn't heard about it on HN. From the article: "Finlay had read an article about the number of people who are homeless because of job loss or other temporary circumstances. He realized that his preconceptions about homelessness, shaped by the chronically homeless people he saw living outside, were wrong. “The majority of homeless are people that we never really see because they are trying to work, they’re getting day labor,” he says. “They’re living out of their cars. They’re not panhandling and living under the bridge . . . These are all people that were employed, had good job histories. There was just really no issue that would preclude them from working other than they didn’t have an address.”" The prejudices and hatred are towards the chronically homeless, not the temporarily homeless. Nothing in this article suggests those prejudices are false. Hate isn't some limited quantity, such that hating the chronically homeless precludes you from hating rich and wealthy sexual abusers or people who will recklessly create financial bubbles in search of wealth (although I'd argue that today's most notable example of unregulated financial systems would be cryptocurrencies, although the cryptocurrency bubble isn't as big as the financial bubble of '08 - yet). Quite the contrary, I actually feel reluctant to voice that I feel like he does, because in the liberal circles I hang out in, I tend to get judged for feeling like he does. A) Puking is not anywhere near as disgusting, and you could get equally disgusted by seeing someone peeing on someone else even in a nonsexual context (e.g. hazing). B) Some people can feel elevated disgust towards portrayals of other people being sexual. In that case, the fact that it's sexual does make the difference, but it's still a disgust reaction. Alternatively, Apple could succeed in places that tend to be less enthusiastic risqué content than even the US (e.g. China is one of Apple's biggest markets). Well as a consumer, I value their perspective on privacy, and am willing to throw money at them to protect it. Sadly, I don't think most other consumers factor in privacy to that extent. The iPhone 7 will likely be supported with security updates for a lot longer than the Sony Xperia. I grew up here, and have always wanted to stay, but the affordability bar for that has been constantly going up. I switched into software engineering in the hope that I could afford to keep up with rising housing prices. I'm just hoping all the people planning to get out do so soon in the next recession. Because god knows the NIMBYs aren't going to allow enough housing for everyone in the meantime. Large companies are starting to eliminate vesting cliffs, and moving to quarterly refreshers. Can’t edit but meant to say quarterly vesting not refreshers. I would imagine that for code that is performance sensitive enough that a 10% improvement matters, they would be porting to a language with saner performance instead? Well, the JVM was supposed to be this, but turned out to be too closely tied to the Java language, as well as too heavyweight for a lot of webpages (getting replaced by HTML5 instead). It's interesting to see us coming full circle with WebAssembly, albeit with a much more language neutral, multi-vendor framework. Or a year worth of profits. Hardly a slap on the wrist. Almost half the compensation comes from stock grants, which Glassdoor doesn’t measure. Look up what people have entered in the levels.fyi spreadsheet if you want to see actual comp. Uggh. That makes it useless if you require mfa for command-line access (using assume-role). I recently did a lot of interviewing and found the levels.fyi numbers very accurate to the offers / potential offers I was seeing. It specifically says he didn't settle, because he didn't want to sign an NDA. As a security engineer, I cannot overstate just how horrible this is. Phone numbers might not be an ideal 2nd factor for authentication, but to punish users for setting up 2FA by using the provided phone number for ad targetting is incredibly unethical. Yeah, I don't get how this is going to intercept traffic to any website that is HSTS-protected. It's true. You can run the numbers on data from e.g. the NSFG. It's probably not causation but just a sign of religiosity (and hence unwillingness to divorce), though. Sales volumes are down. Prices aren’t. Sellers are largely waiting things out because why sell now when prices will be even higher in a year. And likewise most buyers have fled the market because the low inventory and price appreciation have made housing options increasingly unappealing. How have they monopolized the talent pool? By paying their employees better than everyone else? Yes, so much this. There is a very real opportunity cost to forgoing high salaries (and this opportunity cost is front-loaded as well since home prices keep appreciating). While VCs certainly played into this, I'd say founders merit the bulk of the blame. VCs are generally more amenable than founders to larger equity pools for employees. They're also much more enthusiastic about IPOs than founders, since they want liquidity events for their investments. In the SV tech community, Dropbox, Uber, Snapchat, Spotify, AirBnB, Lyft, Netflix, Pinterest, Robinhood to name several. Outside the tech community, probably Amazon, Microsoft, and Instagram (most people don't know Facebook owns Instagram). The economic success, brand awareness, and hipness of a company with the general public is only somewhat correlated with average level of engineering talent at a company. Different successful companies take different approaches to hiring - some focus on hiring a lot of reasonably competent engineers, while others focus on only hiring the best (and generally pay them a lot). Billions of years is a gross understatement. I don’t think Facebook was part of that group. More importantly though, it was in the aftermath of that, where large companies started more aggressively poaching employees, that large company compensation ballooned and startups started to complain about the top large companies hogging talent. So that is why longer Instagram videos aren’t a thing yet? Zuck not wanting to risk competition with videos on FB? How stubbornly short sighted. Yes, especially when b trees tend to be easier to implement too. It always surprises me how unaware people are of the cache efficiency of b trees. They built vta and no one uses it. 128 bits is actually good enough for basically anything. 64 bits comes close but not always good enough. I mean this is my issue with public transport throughout the Bay Area really, except BART at commute hours. I'm visiting NYC right now and taking the subway, and the difference is night and day. It doesn’t make any difference - the probabilities would be the same. You can treat it as a bunch of photons (with the expected photon density that the sun emits) or as a light wave that collapses to a photon in the detector with probability given by the Born rule. The probability will work out the same. >Sorry for having to say this, but YIMBYism is one of the most tribal, most emotional, most closed-minded movements I have ever seen this side of a college campus. Why do supposed “rationalists” insist on trying to advocate everything through dispassionate, logical discourse? Do they really not realize how ineffective that is in the competition of ideas for human mindshare? Do they have zero understanding of human psychology and sociological group dynamics? YIMBYs have already done that for themselves, and are now in the advocacy phase. At 83,500 vehicles in a quarter, that does come out to 1-2 years. Apparently he linked several uncensored Chinese language articles that talk about that specific piece of news. Does working at the stable bootstrapped startup beat a 300k+ total comp at a liquid tech company over the same time period though? If you want a reliable income while you save up, why not work at a large company with much higher total comp? Netflix even does all cash. Well if you do your due diligence, look for startups which offer proper equity to employees (which is sadly very rare), you have an advantage over VCs. You get the option to quit or continue working at the company and earn the rest of your invested stock. The trick is to shop around, evaluating each startup while you work for it, until you find one that has hit the jackpot and made your unversed equity very valuable. And then you lose what, a few months of your time? Certainly a significant investment but hardly the end of the world. Yes, I think that would be the most useful piece of advice (and probably something that inexperienced employees right out of college, tend to be particularly bad at). What seems to be happening is that many intellectuals use dispassionate logic and reason to come up with good ideas, then refuse to use emotion in pitching these ideas. The ideas then get drowned out by the likes of Fox News and MSNBC peddling much less poorly thought out ideas. It is average at a quiverful of companies in a handful of locations. It makes people listen, though. Which I would presume is important if you are good at being right. It still represents many tens of thousands of opportunities. More importantly though, I would argue that the skill level required in its employees for a startup to not go out of business is at least as high as that at these top companies. I’m visiting Manhattan and coming to realize that the global citizens here are disconnected from the rest of America to an extent that even people in the SF Bay Area aren’t. Honestly, I’m not sure how I feel about it. Probably trending negative. On the one hand it really feels great to experience a global capital where people from around the world have come together. On the other hand, this explains how the print media (centered in NYC) seems to have a lot of articles talking about American issues where journalists seem to be from another world. E.g. the belief that undocumented workers do jobs no one else would be willing to do. So both are diverse and have large foreign populations. But SV’s diversity largely comes from immigrants in search of the American Dream, most of whom tend to have affinity with the rest of America as well. Manhattan in contrast has a lot of global citizens who would have more affinity with other cosmopolitan cities like London and Paris than with the rest of America. But you can improve your expected returns if you get to double down on one of your lottery tickets when you know it has a high chance of winning. You invest little time in the startups that seem likely to be unsuccessful, and a lot more time in the startup that is on a path to success. I think the story of the Indian IT crisis is that good programmers have been automating them out of jobs. Good programmers in India are doing fine at modern tech companies there, but the code-monkeys at Infosys et. al. are struggling. To;dr: female liberal arts majored marketer says Silicon Valley has too many male nerds at the top and is too engineering and data driven. The notability lawyers on Wikipedia are pernicious. Especially when you consider how much in depth coverage there is of random fictional series. React or Rails or Node job is exactly the kind of work that you would end up doing with that $300k job, especially at the larger employers like Google or Facebook. A lot of engineers leave those companies in search of more complex work. There are several employers paying that much to select from, and companies will reinterview you in a year after a semi-random false negative, so the false negatives are not really a showstopper. Odd. I've definitely noticed this ideological push, but it has always felt somewhat external to me; it feels like it is mostly pushed by transplants, especially temporary transplants to SF, who think everyone should live in dense walkable cities. FWIW I do think SF and the peninsula need dense urbanization, but this is due to the geography of the bay and the fact that demand seems to be overwhelmingly outstripping supply, and I'd rather increase density than rip up the green space along the peninsula. I don't think this is necessary for most cities though, or even necessary around San Jose for that matter (since it has less narrow growth constraints due to geography). I get the impression the majority of locals / immigrants in the Bay Area who support denser urbanization have a similar viewpoint, and don't consider it an ideological necessity for the rest of the world. I agree that the prevalent culture tends to result in poorly fleshed out products, and your wife is right on this. I should note though, that technically, such a product is not actually an MVP. If customers come to the website and don't get hooked, it means it doesn't have enough features to be Viable. It also would hit home too hard, since print institutions like the Times have been a significant source of this monoculture within the highly literate Silicon Valley. They probably need a critical mass of employers and candidates. A few years from now, a lot of board members will start identifying as female. Interesting that Apple didn't give the FBI access to its datacenters for the investigation. Didn't trust them? It is well earablished that iq tests don’t work that well until adulthood. E.g. identical twins raised seperately have very different iq test scores during childhood but the scores converge in early adulthood. You seem to be assuming there isn’t any genetic component to hard work. >In the movie and tv biz, I think everything is basically unionized for regular crew and actors, so they have basic decent pay. Is there any down side to this? Well it seems like for average rank and file actors, directors have a lot of power of choice, which is how you end up with all the sexual harassment scandals that keep getting reported. Yeah, it's a major procedure. I had just one inch done on a femur due to a growth plate fracture that had left the leg a little shorter than the other leg, and it wasn't fun. The growing pains were the worst. Yup. SOV word order is natural conceptually and generally has less ambiguity in parsing, but the working memory requirements are really high. This is why simplified modern languages tend to shift to SVO word order. It is similar to how math operators are written in infix which makes equations easier to read than if we had written then as postfix. Yeah, hyphen seems best. Still wouldn’t solve cases where you need to embed one compound inside another, but otherwise it is good. Maybe languages should just have parantheses though to explicitly indicate the parse tree. Even before I got to part 2, my immediate reaction was that having two types of inputs, dosage/weight and absolute dosage, would easily lead to confusion and seemed like a really bad idea. It would seem to me much better to require the person to put in just the absolute dosage and have the computer show the actual nearest pill rounded dosage as well as the effective per weight dosage of that. Additionally, instead of a routine alert, why not have a reactive red highlight/warning while the person is filling out the form? The person would actually see the issue while entering it, instead of just seeing an alert that they reflexively close out. I used their service and have been seeing ads on FB, Reddit, etc. ever since. Complete waste of advertising. Triplebyte isn't doing the hiring there afaik. It is referring you to companies that hire there, who will offer their standard salaries for those cities. Works fine for me on Firefox. Additionally, it probably wouldn't protect you from lying either when the SEC subsequently investigates. Yeah that's the irony here. Vice is definitely the left-liberal version of Breitbart. Both have lots of edginess and questionable articles, but also put out some articles with very valuable original reporting. It's ridiculous how strongly people object to the idea of preserving national culture or being nativist, when so many of them turn around and focus so heavily on cultural preservation and nativism when talking about gentrification and housing policy on a local level. There are some clear cultural differences that America has with pretty much any other nation in the world. The most notable is our very expansive definition of free speech, which has broad popular support and is found almost nowhere else in the world. American culture also exhibits a relatively high support for economic freedom and avoiding government largesse. Additionally, we have a strong liking of suburbs (as typified by the proverbial "white picket fence"). Why not just use a 0-100% scale? It would make it clear how big a drop there has been. (Technically, you could get a ratio higher than 100% but it still seems like a reasonable upper bound in actuality.) What a misleading title on that blog post. It sounds like it's about economic development, not tech / blockchain... There is certainly some truth to what you say but it's not a universal rule. E.g. plenty of people refuse to sign up for welfare or unemployment benefits that they would qualify for, and we still have a bunch of states boneheadedly refusing to expand medicaid even though the expansion is almost fully paid for by the federal government. I strongly suspect that a lot of quiztakers aren't going by "could you identify" but just "did you know of". Yeah, particularly given it was against a US telecom company, the NSA would make sense as the source of the implant. "90*" is unrecognizable. "90 degrees" is recognizable, but takes up more space than "tau/4". "𝜏/4" takes only 3 characters of course, same as "90°". >Retaining control means knowing when to say no to taking on more than you actually need. Isn't the lesson the opposite though? When easy funding is available, take on more funding than you need and then don't spend it, so that you have plenty of reserve when things get tight. Radians is a natural unit. You don’t need to specify it if you’re talking about rotations. It is like how you need to specify % if talking percent but don’t need any units if talking perunum. Was physicist. Did engineering problems. Didn’t have much trouble (especially compared to those with more specialized educations in the relevant fields). Machine learning should not be used in this way on humans, whether for resume screening or even more dystopic, for sentencing. I think we basically have the same view. I don't support black box machine learning models. I do support using automated tests and simple well defined objective criteria though, which is basically a transparent AI model. It's just that generally what seems to distinguish whether something is called "machine learning" rather than "data science and modelling" is that the former is black box and the latter is not. The effects of global warming are going to be quite minor. Mostly having to build levees / relocate low lying buildings. Very expensive, but hardly a doomsday scenario. Not as big a deal imo as other man made threats to the environment (and to ourselves). Note that a rate such as "x frames per second" doesn't mean it needs to be able to operate for the full second. That would be like saying you can sprint at "12 miles per hour" means you can run all of 12 miles in an hour. That's not what they're doing. They're seeing the actual motion of something that doesn't necessarily move repetitively. Any site that does this should be marked as a spyware site and blocked by the browser. Enough is enough. Yup, exactly. It's a terrible idea to start passing piecemeal tax increases to fund specific programs. And Prop C will only put an expensive bandaid on the housing crisis, absent an actual increase in the housing stock; any homeless you house will just result in displacing lower middle class people. Warmer climates increase agricultural productivity and available farmland. The bigger risk to farmland is desertification due to overcultuvation and other manmade causes (that are mostly not global warming). This doesn't seem all that scammy to me. The genius bar person was forthright that they needed to replace the components because they have a full repair only policy and the water damage indicators were red. He was forthright that this wasn't necessarily the cause of the display issue. He also did hint at other repair shops in the end by saying that there were no other options "in terms of fixing it in the store". If I want vitamin B12 I don't need to eat fortified cereals. I can just eat beef or tuna. It's called an analogy. Wait, you’re in support of the common practice of wealthy going to tax havens? Good stuff. One concern with Callisto though: What stops a serial perpetrator from reporting himself (using an alias) to be able to identify anyone else who has reported him? We work to lock them out of our field, by outing them, blacklisting them from tech events, refusing to take their money, etc. We don’t need to indulge outsiders trying to make a quick buck off our community if they don’t leave toxic behaviors at the door. The vast majority of Asian Americans support the lawsuit. A small contingent of progressive Asian American activists (many of whom happened to luck out and make it to elite universities, thus allowing them to shut the door behind them) oppose the lawsuit and claim to represent Asian Americans at large. His whole point is that the survey doesn't provide any context on the advances. Thus it's impossible to tell what fraction of those advances were actually abhorent. And when Google implemented Java for Android, how, pray tell, should they have implemented Collections.shuffle? This sounds like a good example of everything wrong with the cult of Java programming / design patterns. And then the interviewer's follow-up question should be "fine, since you don't want to indulge me and implement a solution to this toy problem, I'll ask you to implement a much more complicated function which doesn't exist in any library!" That is weird. In general, what I’ve observed with a sizable fraction of older candidates is that a lot tend to be architecture types with weak coding skills. That would be the stereotype I would expect to be going against an experienced engineer, but I'd think that having ICPC champion on your resume would protect against that. If you email me (email is on my profile) I can provide you referrals (including to my current employer) and information about resume-blind services that I’ve used in the past which might be helpful. With most people, it is impossible to gauge how good they are just by observing what they do in half a day on the job. Thus, any interview process must necessarily be somewhat artificial in trying to gain insight into a candidate's abilities in the span of a half a day. A real life task might be implementing a much more complex library over several days or weeks. Asking the person to implement a simple function like shuffle is the closest you can get in the span of an hour. Yup. If I get even the slightest inkling of this attitude from the interviewers, I will refuse to join the company. I'll give a pass for one smug interviewer, but if I encounter multiple such interviewers, I assume it's not a company I'd like to work at. That isn’t really a heap then. Just normal static allocation. Nope. It is so glaring it could only have been a mistake. Yeah that's the issue. Even if they weren't getting paid, they'd still have to choose Google for a reasonable user experience. And I don't see that changing. It's one thing for Apple to get into Maps, and it's another for them to get into search... It does autovectorize quite often. We're still struggling to implement positive train control and they think we can implement this en-masse? Well, Apple has been getting competitive as late in Maps, and GM/Cruise is competitive on self-driving vehicles. The big issue is Google's monopoly on english-language search, which together with Youtube gives it massive amounts of data on every person in the world, as well as giving it immense influence over public thought. I can see Youtube's monopoly ending (certainly, Instagram could have done it had Zuck not killed Instagram's attempts at long-form videos), but the gap between Google search and other competitors (only realistic ones are Bing and DDG) is immense, and probably insurmountable. Do you think all businesses should be vertically integrated? Harappa and Mohenjadaro are actually in modern-day Pakistan. So what are we supposed to call them? "The I wish I knew what they called themselves 10,000 years ago people" doesn't really disambiguate between prehistoric people from different regions. Not a database person, so I might be missing context, but why is FaunaDB the only implementation of this? Intuitively, it seems to be exactly the way I would do a distributed database - distributed transactional storage with a global ordering of transactions that are based on ids rather than timestamps. The only thing that I wouldn't intuitively come up with is the actual consensus algorithm, but that already existed... Both the tendency to use declarative rather than transactional queries and the tendency to use timestamps with clock skew rather than an id-based ordering always seemed surprising to me. Well, seeing the sorry state of housing development in the Bay Area, that does seem rather impressive to me... Yeah I'm not a manager, but this is exactly why the role appeals to me as a long term career option. The main factor that prevents someone like me (and probably much of the tech talent in America) from going to a tech hub like that in Ann Arbor is cultural homogeneity. Being an Indian American with immigrant parents, my ability to fit in in the Bay Area is much higher than in most places in America. What he's saying is that the throughput number they mention is constrained by transaction conflicts. The limit for non-conflicting transactions allowed by the consensus protocol is no doubt much higher. 6,000 civilians in Syria and Iraq is probably a gross underestimate, but regardless, it is quite small a price to pay for fighting ISIS, which has wrecked far more lives. The real issue was the conditions that created ISIS in the first place, in which US foreign policy played a huge role. They were probably doing an A/B test / phased rollout and didn't want to announce it until it was available to everyone. If I remember correctly, something like this likely won't void the warranty, except maybe the warranty for electronics in the car. There are pretty strong laws in the US regarding car warranties. There is a powerful entity (the Fed) focused on keeping it stable in reference to consumer goods and services. It's not clear how much oversight Bloomberg has over the detailed process that the journalists used to get their information, aside from what they presented to Bloomberg. Based on accounts from some people they talked to, it sounds like the journalists involved are conspiracy-types who will take any bit of speculative information and run with it. A good currency is focused on being a good medium of exchange, not a good store of value. Yeah, some people seem to have much higher expectations of speed than I do. Having lived through dial up and actual hard disks (rather than SSDs), I really don't notice any slowness in my iPhone SE. I just notice all the awesome new features. Yeah I checked it and the description changed when I turned it on, making it clear that I wanted to keep it off. It was a bit confusing until then. Thank goodness I was homeschooled. Right. Even Travis Kalanick understood this. I agree about "don't" if the party is a subordinate. However, in a sex positive culture, what makes a date request so special compared to all the other types of romantic / sexual requests? Well, sadly it seems like this hasn't been blowing up in their faces for most of these people... See elsewhere in this comment thread. Apparently she was already a regular burning man attendee. The training set probably consisted of black and white celebs, without representation of latino or south asian celebs to fill in the gradient in between. I'd be curious how the power usage compares between this GPU rendering and the old CPU painting / compositing rendering. I'd expect it to save power but could also see it going the other way, particularly for webpages with minimal changes from frame to frame. I haven't been able to figure out how to do very basic network settings stuff in the new settings UI. Keep having to open the classic control panel. I just mostly give up on pursuing my intellectual passions. I figure I'd rather just live a balanced lifestyle now, save up and early retire, then have all the time I want during the day to pursue my passions. Assuming I'm not too busy raising kids (but even that doesn't last forever) What they should research next: "every story falls into one of these basic length categories!" It's obviously a truism that the preferred shares will have a higher valuation than other shares. And if you multiply the preferred share valuation by the total number of share you'll end up with an "overvalued" number. That doesn't tell us whether anyone is investing in at an overly high valuation though, since they're actually investing in preferred shares... Are you sure you hadn't opened the post from somewhere else at some point in the last couple weeks? How does this compare to how many have installed the Instagram app? Is Facebook as a company net positive or net negative with Americans aged 18-29? > I guess that's one way to stand behind your products? I wonder if that is where the idiom "stand behind" comes from... I think you detached it backwards? Surely the part you linked to should be in the main thread (The D Language Front-End Merged Into GCC 9), while the discussion of "indefatigable" should be split off into another thread? Oh yeah, that makes sense. It's getting better every year, as peripherals and other devices switch over to USB-C. Apple's imposition of USB-C as the one cable has been very frustrating, but we're starting to see the fruits of it. There are plenty of times when I say "this software is bloated, inefficient, and should be snappy". Scrolling through a 3 GB 157-layer 12000x12000 image is not one of those times. How big are the images you view on it? What would you think about something like local linear least squares (where it uses linear regression but locally weights the linear regression so that it is designed to fit points closer to the target)? Is it learning patterns in the data, or is it just a glorified lookup table? Wouldn't the new iMac be a better comparison? The Mac mini has always been hamstrung by its small form factor. I generally agree that HN commenters tend not to get impressed by things. That said, I don't agree with this: >The Google search engine brings in $billions each year, and is one of the most important software projects in history, but I guarantee there are developers at Google right now complaining about how crappy the core code base is. You can appreciate the performance of the Google search engine at scale, while still being annoyed by how crappy the core code base is. (I have zero knowledge of what the codebase is actually like, but I would guess that like most legacy code written in a legacy language without algebraic data types, it's probably a bit of a mess at this point). Yeah that's the biggest issue. Many developers (myself included) seem to refuse to pay for software. At least normal users are willing to accept ads and data collection in exchange for getting a free service, but we developers don't even accept that. There also seems to be a lot of randomness as to what makes the front page. There are so many toy projects out there that are just as interesting and just as polished (or unpolished) as many of the toy projects that make the front page. The functional declaration of quicksort one is ironic considering it isn't actually quicksort. You can always send activation emails to random people at your workplace as well. I've been using levels.fyi and really liking it. It provides much more useful data than paysa. I strongly believe the economy needs a functioning free labor market, and price discovery is crucial to any free market. The main feature I'd like to see is information on typical refreshers. Also useful would be a way to just get a list of companies sorted by comp at a given approximate level. Additionally, information about refreshers and career trajectories at different companies would be nice too, for evaluating medium-long term prospects of working at any given company (e.g. I've read anecdotes that Apple offers more generous refreshers than most companies). I'd also like to see data on equity aggregated across small-medium startups, perhaps as a function of valuation, employee number, employee experience and time since last valuation. AngelList has some data about listed equity but it's very broad, and I'd like for some actual data of the sort that startups privately share with each other but keep secret from employees / job-seekers. Edit: It would also be cool if you guys can get some companies to post job ads with compensation ranges included for the posted levels. It would be useful for everyone involved; it would help candidates avoid needlessly applying to companies that can't match their desired comp, help out companies that offer competitive comp in sourcing candidates, and add more revenue for you guys as well. This is where the actual fizz buzzes are: https://github.com/vihart/fiftyfizzbuzzes/blob/master/Fifty%... That is an interesting connection. I've always been interested in growing into an engineering manager, especially at places where there is a distinction between managers and leads. I've also always been enthusiastic about having kids (particularly compared to my same-age peers). I guess I just naturally value investing in other people's success and easing the path for people to learn lessons that I might have learned the hard way. I wonder whether interest in / enjoyment of parenting is correlated with feeling likewise about people management. Having first hand knowledge about the state of the codebase is helpful to doing your job as a tech lead / manager. Doing bug fixes / small features is a productive way to gain and maintain this knowledge. No, he's pointing out that even (watts emitted)/(kgs of body region that is expected to absorb) is an over-estimate of watt/kg absorption. That would be due to the cell phone creating heat (because CPUs etc use energy), not due to microwaves... So kind of like Prop 65 warnings that are everywhere so people just learn to ignore them? One of the issues is that Google is rather reactive in its compensation - e.g. it only provides high-compensation offers to those who obtain competing offers. This essentially ensures that the highest offers go to those who prioritize being able to get high compensation. In my experience, a lot of software engineers tend to prioritize things other than compensation, and don't really care to try to extract higher compensation if they get to do work they find meaningful or work for a company they think is good. And for whatever reason, a much higher proportion of my male peers have prioritized high compensation compared to my female peers. I suspect that if Google wanted to remove pay differences between men and women, they would need to start making strong offers to all their candidates - not just those who obtain competing offers and try to negotiate. So I've come to develop a nuanced opinion on this. I used to fully believe what you said, on the grounds that willingness and ability to negotiate have no bearing on how valuable the employee will be (at least for engineering jobs - it could be different for something like sales where dealmaking ability actually matters). However, one counterpoint I've come to realize is that if an employee doesn't value higher salary that much, it's a waste of money to pay them more. Thus, by only paying higher salaries that put time and effort into arguing for higher salaries, you make sure to only spend that money on the employees that will actually value all the extra money you're throwing at them. People keep saying this, but it assumes that companies are completely rational actors in hiring, unaffected by human bias. Which is clearly bullshit. For one thing, you can simply prove this by considering the existence of discrimination in the other direction - surely, if companies were hell bent on optimizing their hiring for optimal return on investment, we wouldn't have some of the most profitable companies in the world engaging in the kinds of hiring practices that, e.g., Arne Wilberg is suing about? See also Dan Luu's discussion of this argument: https://danluu.com/tech-discrimination/ One plausible thing I've heard is that the weakening of software patents has entrenched the position of the big tech monopolies. Quite simply, it's difficult new startup to establish itself (without getting bought out by the big companies) because it can't protect its product / ideas with patents, and is thus going to get outcompeted by larger tech companies with better funding and better brand recognition (the value of brand recognition cannot be overstated, as it greatly reduces the need to engage in costly marketing). It's weird how out of date data in providers like Tom Tom is. I just pulled up the GIS data from Monterey County and it clearly has the same roads that the new Apple Maps shows for Parkfield. (I can't check Markleeville, as Alpine county charges a fee for their GIS data) No, because if you view in 3D view using satellite mode, the buildings all look the correct height, indicating that the algorithm can work correctly. It seems to be specific to the 3D non-satellite (what they call "map") view. Which suggests it might be an intentional design decision to try to reduce masking. Very weird. I mean, I'm sure FGM reduces AIDS rates too, since women who were subjected to it are going to be less interested in sexual activity... And here I thought your comment about how far we have come was sarcastic... This is one (imperfect) source of info I've used during my search for potential new employers: https://www.teamblind.com/surveys/2017 The facts are not in dispute by the people who investigated. They found the allegation credible. Yes, but even if the specic allegation was not true, his whole relationship with someone he had power over was highly inappropriate. Unfortunately though, given that the senior leadership had a history of engaging in such inappropriate relationships, Google’s action here is to be expected. What is most noteworthy is that these facts were pretty widely known but never publicized by the media until recently. Yeah I actually feel like the behavior on Apple Maps is now quite good, especially compared to Google Maps or the old Apple Maps. It would still be nice to display street names even when relatively zoomed out, but at least it has a predictable way to zoom in to find the street name. That's clearly true here. It was the security of users' browsers that was compromised. I'm usually anti-SJW, but if someone is a sexist ass who doesn't acknowledge women's contributions to the field, why should those women acknowledge his contributions either?