Get a lawyer ASAP! When you are an employee, the employer owns all your time. There is no such thing as "spare time" or "side project on my own". That's why employer can tell you that you have to be there and then, can call you at any time and can drug test your to ensure you are 100% committed to the company. It's just modern slavery. Sure you can negotiate such clauses out, but it would be still difficult to claim ownership to anything you make "outside work". For the future - if you are entrepreneurial, create your own company and work on a b2b basis. It is much healthier and you wouldn't run to such problems (or much less likely). This assumes the employer is only motivated by money, but there may be big egos that would sink the ship just for the sake of enforcing the contract. May be delicate and ugly. I think the "end-to-end" statement is also misleading as you don't really know whether the communication is indeed encrypted end to end. If you want true end to end ecryption you can grab a tool that will generate public and private key pair, send public key to your contact and ask them for their public key. Then use tool to encrypt your following messages with your private key and received messages with your contact's public key. Then it doesn't matter whether underlying transport is encrypted or not. Things like Whatsapp give false sense of security. I am pretty sure the messaging can be accessed but nobody will ever admit it. You can make it less obvious that you are sending encrypted messages by using two way binary to English text transcoder, so your messages will appear like an English conversation (although easy to pick as gibberish by a censor) You don't know whether private key is generated in a way that could be replicated on the server and you don't know what is running on the other side. Here in the UK government is pushing no rights employment under guise of fairer taxation. People providing services will be taxed as employees but will not have any workers' rights, including no right to unionise, no equal pay, no maternity leave and so on. Currently this won't affect existing employees, but from April nothing will stop employers from terminating their staff and issuing new NRE contracts on a take it or leave it basis. What's most bizarre is that even the unions are not too fussed about it, it's like they either don't believe this is actually happening or they just don't care. The legislation is in current Finance Bill and so far has met no resistance and likely is going to pass. You should be able to compile and run app that is truly open source if you have right tools and skills. Workers re-hired on a contract could defend themselves against lack of employment protections by working outside IR35 and providing these protections themselves. The change takes this away as only the client will be able to decide how worker is taxed. This favour agencies over independent workers as agencies have more freedoms what business costs they can deduct from tax and what salaries to pay to their workers. This is a seemingly subtle change, that changes from benign to lethal. When this happens people still will be able to transmit encrypted end to end messages, just they will have to encrypt them themselves off platform. I wonder how quickly this is going to be illegal and when algorithms to conceal true message in a regular text that makes sense will be more widely available. We are getting closer to thoughtcrime being a thing How is it even possible to sell products with these parts if you are unlikely going to get RoHS certificates? That's like asking to go bankrupt. You are essentially shifting the problem from entity to entity and from one domain to another. If you self host your repository, your hosting provider can pull the plug and you essentially end up in square one. If you decide to self host, you should consider multi-cloud cross continent and cross political doctrine cluster. It doesn't sound like it is mutually exclusive. However restricting access to technology by AMD looks bad. I failed every single interview when I had to do programming task on the spot, however people who hired me based on my resume and how I talk about solving problems, had great business with me for many years. Well, if you discussed some detail and can't remember which channel / thread it was on then the search is a must. I could agree that search may not be needed for a small team of a couple of people, but large teams with dozens of channels and topics should be able to search them to find required information. I wouldn't be surprised if they bought it to extinguish it, probably a proxy buy by Intel. Why such corporate lobbying isn't illegal? Are chillies the braces of cuisine? I have a lab coat with my name and company on it and I put it on in the morning and take it off after I close all work apps. Neat trick. It has Intel Wi-Fi... [flagged] Are you sure? Last update to Windows Linux subsystem makes you feel like running Linux natively. It's a huge step and it will only improve. Some companies (like Apple) make it impossible to repair your own device even if you have tools and skills because they ask vendors to not sell spare parts to third parties. For example if a charging IC dies you have an option to either send it to Apple and pay significant mark up for the 10 minute repair or throw away the device. You should be able to buy such chip and replace it without company involvement. I hope that this practice will be illegal in the future. Apple also controls the hardware - for example they prevent vendors from selling some spare parts to 3rd parties. For example if a USB charging chip dies, you cannot replace it yourself, because you can't buy the part. Government is also blocking research and treatment of PTSD using certain drugs to help pharmaceutical companies. For many years getting medical cannabis or other substances deemed illegal was next to impossible without becoming a criminal. If you are good at OS, doesn't mean you have also be good at browsers. Unfortunately that is true. I am not optimistic that it will change, but it is miles better than Apple in this regard. Community should put more pressure on Microsoft to change these anti-patterns. It's the problem of Facebook and PayPal that they have inadequate protections and blame the users for that. I think the issue is of allowing a payment to go through without triggering any security checks. Probably some basic checks should also be done whether a company publishing an app actually exist. The problem is that people are now trained to click popup windows without reading the contents, just to make them go away thanks to brilliant GDPR and cookie law. I am not sure if a huge red warning sign would have helped. People are blind to these things. So you have to pay for a watch that collects your data? Furthermore the watch is likely full of proprietary chips - which is fine if you could buy those. If "your" watch goes bad, only Apple will be able to repair it and for sure their charge you adequately. And you give your data for free. It is no longer private if you upload it to cloud. Surely it was engineers decision to do short cuts. This is just appalling. All managers should be in prison. This is a case of privatisation of profits. The company for all intents and purposes is a state run company through regulations. Corruption and greed enabled to side step these Apple has become an ecosystem to avoid at all cost. From denying the right to repair, design of devices to make it prone to catastrophic failures, making it difficult to recover own data (to force people to use cloud backup so they can look at all your data) and many more (like trying to make employees go through security checks without being paid for it)... Greed has blinded them. What if you let the child buy drugs? Same thing. Don't let your child do illegal things and better - don't help it. If you hear your child is reciting the number plates, make sure all recording hardware in your car is off before you lecture the kid that what it does is absolutely forbidden. This is CIY - cobble it yourself. It is a matter of time they will make it difficult if not impossible or they will start blocking websites unless authors start paying % per visitor. How exactly does it help IT education and what was wrong with it that it needed a "reboot"? It's incredible that so much tax payer money and human resources are devoted to defend pharmaceutical companies monopoly on drugs. By his inventory it sounds like his customers would likely be people with chronic conditions that have strong presence of pharmaceutical lobby to prevent legal sales of cannabis and probably cannot afford Xanax through legal means because the cost of getting medical help is extortionate. Workplace these days is a minefield. If you have to talk to someone, only talk about what needs to be talked about and nothing more. Preferably also try to record every interaction or at least run a diary - location, time, who, few bullet points describing the encounter plus some additional facts - what was in the room? was there anyone else? how they looked like? in what manner the person talked to you? and so on. You will thank yourself later if it turns out you were working with a snake. Isn't what notice period in the contract is for? If you find something nicer, you give a notice and they can prepare your replacement. Why this additional weird dance? We had computers at school, but we didn't have great teachers. Wouldn't be better if school spent money on good specialists willing to share their knowledge or at least make sure kids watch certain channels on YouTube that have wealth of knowledge? If parents won't spend $200 on a computer to help their children get better future, their certainly won't spend $25. I bet they wouldn't even treat this seriously. If the height is exact 6700, they will usually add some random number, otherwise people wouldn't believe it is 6700... Imagine if someone like Hitler came to power again and decided to exterminate people of certain ethnicity or political interests. He or she could just order or seize a data dump from all those companies and have everyone ready to be rounded up. During the WWII Germans would seize church records and censuses from government buildings to easily find people to arrest and dispose of. Today he or she would have an app for that... > Add me to the woodworking ex-developers (...) I have a lot of time on my hands. Be careful with that table saw... You could tell someone's ethnicity from their surname with great accuracy. Not that they particularly cared who will go to a camp... Better that, than getting yourself "disappeared" if you catch my drift... Believe or not, there are people who crave such feudal relationship despite being quite intelligent and capable of discovering new things (to please their masters). From my experience out of the box you get poor performance and you have to spend a lot of time figuring out how to change configuration to improve it as knowledge is scattered in many places and not always up to date. Then it still likes to stall from time to time or sometimes doesn't register key presses properly. It's a poor user experience, but even worse is that alternatives are often worse. I wish there was an editor with low latency, smart search, some proper file system database, so it doesn't take ages to open a directory and built in VCS support, that works quicker than manually issuing commands in a terminal. I think the success of VSCode is because you can easily open it in your current directory from the terminal and it will show you your folder etc. without having to setup a project first and that you are ready to type you code quickly after opening. If I had to open PyCharm every time I want to try some Python in a new directory, I would probably start questioning my life choices. Before VSCode I would just use nano or Sublime. I am running it most of the time with i7-8750H and also 64G or ram, plus a rather fast NVMe drive. Performance in comparison with VSCode is just bad. That being said I am using all JetBrain products (I have a license for all of them), because simply there is nothing better for my use case. But I wish they put some effort in optimising their code. Ok so it removes the C surface of attack, but does it not introduce the Go one? What makes it superior when it comes to security? I had a quite successful blog and great organic traffic from Facebook. My blog was doing great monetising adverts, so I had some cash to reinvest. I bought some adverts on Facebook in hope to bring more awareness to my little blog and get more traffic. The moment I stopped buying ads my organic traffic was a small fraction of what it used to be. People were sharing the content organically, but it didn't have the same reach. I decided to never give Facebook more money after this and removed anything related to Facebook from my blog. That being said this has severely damaged its growth and I closed it a year or so later. I saw that blogs similar to mine grew quite big and I know they heavily spend on advertising. Part of me is thinking maybe I made a huge mistake and I should share my revenue with Facebook by means of buying ads, but I would always had this voice inside my head that I would be doing something unethical. I would understand if Facebook displayed information, for example: "Your post will not be shared to your friends, because linked website owner does not buy advertising". That would be fair, but they make people believe they genuinely can share things with friends, but instead it all goes in vain, in the name of greed. Thank you! Are you aware of any surfaces of attack against Go that do no exist in C? Such a massive marketing fail. Hacktoberfest reminds me of an event called Oktoberfest where alcoholics from around the world join their ranks and collectively destroy their livers and promote destructive drug taking (alcohol is a drug). On a second thought, given how much of a car crash this thing is, perhaps Hactoberfest bears appropriate name in the end. Damn DigitaOcean... get you . together! When I find something annoying in an open source tool that I use or missing some functionality that would be helpful for me, then I consider contributing, but only to get the things I need and nothing more. Once I get the PR through, I don't have any more interest in contributing unless I face another issue that bothers me enough. I read that Poland has quite draconian drug laws. Such laws are what institutionalised racism is based on in the US - it comes from the premise that people from disadvantaged background will be more likely to be involved in drugs than other groups - this is of course not true, as person living on handouts is just as likely to take drugs as a rich person working in banking sector. It's what law enforcement is being focused on. I believe most western countries have this setup copied from the US and it is being used for oppression of groups that government deems undesirable. If cops were the "good guys", they would investigate why certain politicians push drug prohibition, who profits from it and why police is being used to support it. In my country if you are black, you are 6 times more likely to be harassed by law enforcement than if you were white, despite the drug use being at the same level. I am just saying to Poland is likely oppressing groups of people, just not based on race. They use the same tools, however. Using drugs is natural for intelligent beings. It is similar like saying only poor people listen to music. Everyone does it, but the propaganda is focused on people who governments deem undesirable. What is exactly the point of such devices? If you create something worthwhile with it, you cannot exactly include it in your product. I get that you can create something like a one off garage opener based on face recognition, but you won't learn any real world knowledge of developing a product and if you later on decide that this is something for you, you'll have to learn a whole new ecosystem. These devices remind me of "game maker" software claiming you could make your own game with it, but you were limited with what developer had in store for you and you wouldn't become a game developer from using it. These days there is a low barrier of entry to create "own" CPU. Just get your favourite FPGA ecosystem, configure ready made core and off you go. Route manufacturer's reference design in Eagle or Kicad add your peripherals then send the design to JLCPCB or other fab and job done. There is plenty of good soldering tutorials on YT. I tried to find any documentation, code, schematics but gave up after 30 minutes. Who is this for? It seems like this product is for people who want to say they do AI and show some PCBs on their Instagram. I tried to find any documentation, schematics, code and I can't see it anywhere on that website. It is easy. For example you could hire 10000 people to perform calculations for your complex mathematical model (like it was done century ago) or you can buy Raspberry PI to perform the same task in no time. Which will be cheaper? It is pretty much the current greed driven technology. Company doesn't want to invest in proper FPGA technology that will allow reconfiguration of chipsets on the fly, but instead they want people to buy new chipsets every year or so and preferably make the old ones obsolete (not resellable) Man I swear I got retconned, I just couldn't see this. I would like to retract all I wrote. It's pretty cool! This kind of proves my point. It doesn't lead to maximisation of profits therefore it is not being developed. Lack of repairability is sort of akin to security by obscurity. This is flawed thinking and motivated by Apple's greed. It is one of the manipulation techniques used to convince people they should trade freedom to use their devices however they want for notion of security. Apple is known for opposing right to repair initiatives and prefer that faulty devices would rather be destroyed than repaired. I think people should accept the fact of life that stolen goods will be used one way or another anyway. I think good compromise is to make sure phone reset wipes all data irrecoverably. Rather than fighting the effect, maybe we should address why people steal and why government is ineffective at catching them (but seems to be doing just fine catching students relaxing with a wrong kind of plant) I think you have not explained why do you think lock ins are good apart from saying that it may prevent users from being subjected to something bad aka boogeyman companies who try to thwart right to repair use. In other words "you cannot repair your own device for your own good, now give us more of your money". It is interesting that companies adopt this totalitarian thinking as in Lenin's quote: "The best way to control the opposition is to lead it ourselves." It looks like things are going towards total control, software and hardware lockdowns, massive data collection and making sure devices cannot be repaired independently only discarded. Someone should read some of Richard Thaler's works. In other words you cannot simulate population's irrational behaviour. The fact that someone wants to take other person fruits of work and redistribute them using arbitrary rules, means anything but fair. Something like "fair" tax policy is impossible because the world isn't fair. It's like trying to find mathematical formula to make 2 x 2 equal 5. Anyone trying to shape tax policy is biased one way or another and is causing detachment from effort and reward which is extremely demotivating. It looks innocent on a spreadsheet, but tell someone who worked hard all their life that now they need to part with half of their salary to fund some vanity projects meanwhile they neighbour gets paid for watching telly all day. I would recommend reading "Misbehaving" that talks about economy and people behaviour. It is quite an eye opener. Not sure why this policy is touted as a champion example how to deal with the drug "problem". Only thing it does it reduces exposure of drug consumers to law enforcement harassment while at the same time helps organised crime making more money. I would rather look into why some people promote this and maybe look into their finances. Drug use is natural for intelligent beings and prohibition of that is like trying to ban music or sex. It will never work, but will create a plethora of problems that we experience. From the rise of organised crime to people being unable to access medication they need. It is being tolerated by the population because of massive propaganda and manipulation (for example someone done something bad? Make sure to mention they used cannabis or other drug even if that had nothing to do with the thing that has been done). It is in a way similar to how it was possible to ban same sex intercourse in some countries - people were made to believe it was a "sin". Many health issues are caused by the contamination in drugs available on the streets, that are attributed to drugs themselves. Some popular drugs could be much safer if you could buy a medical grade. In other words it is another money maker based on people suffering and deception and promotion of Portugal model looks very suspicious. > which lead to an HIV, Hepatitis B/C, AND Tubercolosis epidemic It seems like these problems are not directly caused by the drug, but by the fact users cannot buy clean medical grade with a safe method of administration. Portugal model doesn't seem to address that, but only makes consumption slightly more "comfortable" to the users. That is helpful, but even with a clean needle they will administer something possibly contaminated anyway. Good program would also give out medical grade clean heroin like they do in Switzerland. Clean heroin is relatively safe contrary to popular opinion. This removes the dealers from that segment of the market or at least severely reduces the sales volume. Yes this is helpful in that way, but call me cynical - without removing the market from the hands of criminals, what it does is ensures that the consumer will be a paying client a little bit longer. But if a dealer messes up and mixes the Fentanyl unevenly, the clean needle won't help much. They cut drugs with various substances to increase volume and / or perceived strength, and that can cause health issues just as dangerous or even death by accidental overdose. In fact the number of overdose deaths have increased in Portugal since that policy has been implemented. Another flaw of this policy is that when users don't have to spend money on paraphernalia, they will have more money to spend on drugs. So I would say this is not about safety of the consumers, but to protect Portugal's healthcare system. It is easier and cheaper to deal with a dead overdosed consumer than a consumer who caught HIV. Many people who take drugs lead happy and productive life and use them as a tool and this approach doesn't seem to address why people reach for drugs in the first place. That's why I believe this policy is dishonest. This is true, but many contaminants can still cause serious diseases and uneven distribution of active substances may lead to accidental overdose. Also unknown composition of the "drug" can cause unexpected interactions with other drugs people may be taking at the same time. There also seems to be no proof that drop in prevalence of those diseases caused by needle sharing actually is caused by this program and not by cultural change and education that maybe changing the method of administering the drug is "healthier" (e.g. consumers started to prefer smoking over injecting). Do you have evidence that this is the case? Drug use comes from natural urge to explore consciousness and people take drugs regardless of the law around it. If they are no longer being harassed by law enforcement, then it is easier for them to pursue this and Portugal's policy does that. If I recall the drug use is estimated from surveys and people lie when it comes to that (for example there is thinking what if they start to investigate me if I respond "yes", even if the survey is "anonymous"). Other way to estimate is by looking at numbers of people caught with the system. Now, because the harassment has been relaxed obviously fewer LE will bother going after consumers and from that it is easy for propaganda machinery to tout the policy is working. Well, it is working for those involved in the trade. You sell more if your customers are not being harassed, simple fact of life. What I don't like about AI processed images is that they are not real. I can't go past the fact that I am not looking at the picture as it looks like in reality but somehow smart approximation of the world that is not necessarily true. I hope that the model Apple is using will be made illegal, most likely in the EU first. But I am concerned that if you have a one trillion dollars, they you pretty much can do anything you want, as with such money you can buy any decision. Apple should be forced to allow 3rd party app stores in their ecosystem. There are many other things Apple is doing wrong and all we can do now is to raise awareness about their shady practices. I am proud that I pretty much cured everyone in my circle from buying any Apple products. I believe that in many countries it is now illegal practice to make cancellation difficult. Isn't that the beauty of open source, when if someone has severe OCD they could just spend their time tidying up the kernel driver instead of watching mind numbing telly? Maybe the one good thing could come out of this is that Microsoft could fix broken audio subsystem on Linux. I agree that Windows itself handles audio barely okay, but Linux is a pure drama. Sure it works for regular user watching videos on YT, but if you want to do any professional audio work, Linux just don't cut it. Its libraries like Jack or Pulseaudio don't work properly, they crash, have latency, crackles and other issues... Mainstream doesn't use Linux because of no gaming ecosystem. There have been some attempts at getting games running, but for average user it seems too limited. Still in 2020 the Linux desktop experience isn't smooth - you often need to dig into configuration files and it is too easy to mess it up. Then you have Google purposefully turning off GPU acceleration in Chrome so people think that Linux is just slower than Windows. I think Linux is missing proper UX team dedicated to making basic user problems easy to solve without the need of PhD in computer science. While this looks cool it is far from useful. I took time to build such cluster with the Pies and shortly after it landed in the box of things I may need in the future. It's just too slow to do anything useful. Watching stuff compile or even boot was like watching paint dry. It is much better to get a bunch of used NUC if you are space conscious or just get VMWare Workstation or similar tool to simulate number of machines on your desktop. Given that time = money and that the job of money people is extract most value from shortest amount of time and that they seem to do it quite well, won't it mean that people actually get art worth their time? I think that you are upset that mediocre artists no longer could easily shove their art down people's throats? Today it is extremely easy to self-publish. If artist believes their art really should reach other people they have means to do it easier than ever. But the fact someone wants to put money behind it is a generally good indicator whether art is good or not. I think this business model where someone buying purchasing a physical product must register their data with manufacturer or 3rd party service and be constantly online should be made illegal. There is no business need for this apart from spying on people and gathering data to improve manipulation of messages to trick people into buying more into the manufacturer ecosystem. We need to stop this. It should have self-hosted voice recognition software and be able plug to your own music collection on your NAS. If you wanted features like weather forecast, then these should be opt in and only send anonymous data related to weather forecast request. It should be illegal to use even those anonymised requests to do commercial research without paying the customer. Why would they require registration? They should have customer data on the invoice. There is no need for anything else. Apple entire business model should be illegal. They amassed so much wealth by using various loopholes and tricks, that any normal business wouldn't be able to achieve. Lawmakers should carefully go through it and make every bit impossible to do by any other company in the future and the wealth that Apple amassed should be sold and distributed among Apple customers. I hope that savings created by not having an office will be passed on the employees plus employee should be paid extra for use of home as office. Not sure why working in office isn't considered a luxury? You are literally making your whole team commute from various parts of the city just to have a face to face contact. Mind you that this arrangement has been created because in the past there was no way to effectively communicate, but now this is no longer a problem, therefore commuting is just a thing from the past that some people are too attached to, akin to preferring listening to vinyl instead of Tidal or something. Why people should live in the past? That ship has sailed. > Some of the best work I've done is when I'm able to go brainstorm in a room with my leadership. That suggests you and your team have communication issues and meeting in person is just a plaster over it. Why exactly do you need to see other team members in person? > I have to feel bad for people who have never experienced true friendship at work Why do you think getting friendly with people at work is appropriate? Mixing work and personal life will introduce unconscious bias and you will give different treatment to people who didn't invite you to their weeding. This is bad for business. It seems like you just feel lonely and you use workplace to find friends. Can you see how wrong that sounds? Did you think about finding a hobby, getting good at something other than work and meet people that way? (there is plenty of meetups for people sharing the same interests) Why do you work until midnight and blame WFH for that? Google is using their power, money and influence to occupy another niche? They should stick to their search engine and ads and the rest of the company should be ordered to be broken up. They are too big and that gives them unfair advantage in the markets. At very least they should be ordered to pay tax in a way that any normal business pays it. It should also be calculated how much money they made using tax arrangements normal company couldn't afford to do and that money should be confiscated. This is great. When I was looking for my missing cat I discovered so many hidden trails in my borough that was just amazing. For example a gap between two residential homes I thought it leads to someone's garden but actually it was a quite long public footpath with signs of homeless people camping on it. I also found two abandoned properties that I wouldn't see in Google Maps. One of which was totally overgrown with bushes, weeds and someone even left a half of the car there. Then I found an article that the owner of the site was ordered to clear it, but that it seems has never happened. Cat returned a few days later. By law you need to pay for accepted work at least the minimum wage. My question is whether AWS is breaking the law by appropriating someone else work without payment? Or do you think something like this should be regulated? I see this as a loophole, where companies can gain useful projects without having to pay wages. The model where company makes money off of someone else's work without paying them should be illegal. Currently you cannot hire someone as an apprentice and don't pay them - you need to give at least the minimum wage. OSS is sort of a loophole where companies can obtain work without payment. I think this practice should be illegal and regardless of the license company adopting OSS solution should pay its contributors market rates - that is the amount of money it would take AWS to pay to create such product. There is the same argument that people who want apprenticeship use. They want to work for a company and learn, but company won't hire them because they don't have money to pay for "idle" worker and the overhead to teach them. But this is for the greater good. In the past you had companies who used their market share in particular city to drive wages down and people had a choice either work for them and starve or move to different city. Minimum wage stops this, at a cost of some people being unable to work for free. I can accept that. There will be projects for sure that would love their software were used by AWS and other companies without paying them, but that will only create a race to the bottom. We should stop exploitation of engineers by these giant companies. This is an edge case, but for sure they would have family members who would inherit the titles and in an event of absence of such people then the state should take ownership. Yes it should be illegal to use OSS in SaaS platforms without paying the OSS contributors. Oh the good old companies paying in exposure... If you make a profit from using someone else software you should pay them (plus appropriate tax) regardless of the software license. Big companies use OSS to avoid hiring employees and paying their wages plus taxes. It is a loophole that should be regulated. You can exclude companies that have multi billion company in their tree. You cannot circumvent that. If you want to do a service for a company that has a multi billion company in the chain then you would have to get full commercial license and when that happens you simply raise an invoice to the client that covers this cost. It is pretty simple and you cannot get around it. This is a loophole that allows big companies to avoid hiring engineers and paying right tax. Not sure why would you support this? Little to no effect, but for some individual that "little" could mean being alive. Just because majority don't find a benefit it shouldn't mean that someone who actually benefit shouldn't use this. But regardless, corrupt organisations like WHO should have no say in these matters or at least shouldn't be listened to. You don't know if that release wasn't paid by competing pharmaceutical companies. Unfortunately the software I use only exists on Windows or Mac and does not work under Wine. Linux is still severely lacking when it comes to audio implementation. If I had access to forensic audio analysis tools on Linux I would have switched yesterday. I hate Windows and Mac OS, but it is a necessary evil for now. I would be wary of saying "just works" - you still have to dig into config files now and then and the potential to completely mess up your installation if you don't know what you are doing is real. I still cannot get my laptop's NVidia GPU working on Ubuntu. I noticed that after I bought some old less known books for Apple also made great strides in ecological manufacturing and supplier accountability Do you have evidence of that? It seems like it is quite the opposite. Apple prefer to destroy not working phones or Macs instead of repairing them. They make sure independent repair shops cannot repair any of their products and design them in a way so that they fail in short space of time, so customers can either pay for repair through the nose or buy a new Mac. Why not just ban computers or even why not jail people who even think about using ytdl? These organisations like RIAA need reality check. Sadly there is no body to stand against their bullying and stiffling the freedom of speech. It is like your abusive partner brings up all the things they think you did wrong when they don't have any logical argument. What about your brain when you remembered the copyrighted song that you listened to on YouTube and then you just listen to it in your head instead of playing a video? It's just ridiculous. These greedy organisations should be made illegal. What if I remember the song I listened to on YouTube and I can remember any copyrighted material? Are they going to serve me with DMCA to disable part of my brain? These organisations are ridiculous. What do you mean? There is plenty of places where you can get a coffee and hangout or even pull your laptop and do some work. I am not talking Starbucks, but family coffee shops. They have books, board games, cards and WiFi. Often also a selection of home made sandwiches and cakes. It probably depends on what scale these parts can be provided on. It is possible that for a digital camera the supply capability could meet the demands but would struggle with the volume required for a phone. I used to run distributed system based on a few bash scripts and rsync to work in real time. It has become more complex when each "cell" exceeded the node capacity. The file naming system was not flexible enough to split these cells into smaller nodes and I abandoned writing a router for Nginx to direct requests to right server based on the filenames. I just decided to throw a couple of big machines at the problem instead and that removed all complexity. It wouldn't be possible just a couple of years ago though. For a couple of years the rsync solution worked very well. I've been using ZT for years. It's been absolutely amazing. It had some growing pains and often the network interface would hang, sometimes so badly that a full node restart would have been required, but these days it is super stable even under high load (talking about 1x-1xx TB per month) This still reeks of hypocrisy. For example almost any large and "reputable" outlet writes outright lies about drugs and their effects or use them to sensationalise the event (for example if there was an accident there is almost always a mention that someone had cannabis in their system even if it was obviously not related to anything). This is extremely harmful as it creates stigma for people who need cannabis or other drugs as a medicine and often they cannot access it at all because lawmaker believe what these outlets write. So when Twitter blocks someone because they think their reporting is dishonest, I don't understand why they won't block all outlets that spew lies. Exactly this. Medium that uses censorship for any reason, they think you are too stupid to understand the content in front of you so they take that decision from you to delete something. That should be illegal with few exceptions. Not sure what it has to do with right/left wing. Free speech should exist regardless of your economic or social views and should be protected with the force of law. I reported many Tweets from "reputable" news outlets that have this type of propaganda and lies and literally none were addressed. That makes me think Twitter has an agenda that is not very nice. Platforms should welcome users of any background and views. Company shouldn't be able to ban someone based on their views and opinions. If user will violating T&C or the law then company should be able to remove the account. I hope they will not drop their CPLD chips. They were made obsolete at least once but Xilinx fortunately decided to extend the support for a couple of more years. CPLD are very useful for repairing vintage gear where logic components fail and are no longer available (for example custom programmed PALs), so you can describe the logic in Verilog and often solder it in place of multiple chips. If they drop it then the only way to do it would be to use full blown FPGA which is a bit wasteful. This can be used with a client-server model, that is if there are enough free cells and I/O available on FPGA it could let it install the configuration and then any application could communicate with it concurrently, maybe with some basic auth. I would expect them to do The Beatles edition at some point thanks to 4 audio channels hard panned left and right. I hope that the ytdl gets reinstated and thanks to RIAA action it gets much more popular. I know a number of artists personally and they hate RIAA and the labels that are essentially a cancer on the artists back. The irony that freedom of speech is more protected in Germany than in the US. This is fascinating and sad to hear. Do you have any theory why people won't get together and do something against these organisations? It is hard to see how they are working in the interests of the authors, but rather they seem to care about institutions that exploit them. And any of the new billionaires is not eccentric enough to commission such bribe. They all want to be famous and be remembered by inventing another scooter or some form of a phone or another gizmo, but none of them think about freeing our culture from mafia like organisations gatekeeping it. It seems like the concept of psychological injury is treated as a second class event where often it can leave scars for years or even lifetime. Have look at materials linked there http://dangerousprototypes.com/blog/2011/04/17/replacing-dis... This is an extreme, but for example telling someone mean things can have a lasting impact. I created a social network in 2000. You could friend people, send messages, posts, follow and so on. Unfortunately I didn't have money to expand the capacity and when I added crowdfunding feature, some people were threatening me with reporting it everywhere and sending me nasty messages. Unfortunately I didn't have strength to go through this and I closed it. At peak I had over 50000 active users, but I didn't know how to deal with all threats. I think the main problem is the stigma of using the mental health services, lack of access to therapists and generally useful things like mindfulness, some basic CBT principles are not being taught in schools. Many people view companies customer support as their "safe space" where they can vent their frustrations and problems and these days a valuable customer service operator needs to have training in psychotherapy, to know how to defuse people and steer them to having a mindset where they could feel comfortable to seek help. I suspect that you are assuming that people in general think rationally and behave according to set scenarios. Unfortunately that is not a reality. If you were able to invent such effective system of triaging and funneling, I think you would become a billionaire in no time. I remember a few - for example someone would introduce themselves as a lawyer and then point out that some clauses in t&c are illegal and that he will report it "to authorities" (and sometimes they would offer "help" if I pay), or someone would upload their nude pictures and then report this to hosting provider that the website is showing these pictures without their consent. Some people would demand that I give them access to private messages of their "partners" and would threaten me that they will find me and "sort me out". Sometimes I had technical issues where the server would go down for a couple of hours - so there was a profile of a local band, something like a Facebook pages are now, and they made a post about the concert they are going to have, but the server was down on that day and they blamed me they lost money because just a few people came to the concert. I also had someone claiming to be a partner of one of the users demanding that I delete his partner account as she ignores him and only spends time on the website and sent me my home address. Very stressful. edit: I remember one more. One guy would post his nude pictures typically exposing his face and his bottom and then he would write his name and address and add messages like "beat this guy up", "come find me" he would register other accounts and then post degrading comments under these pictures of himself. I initially thought that this is some kind of revenge and I was promptly deleting this and removing these accounts. Eventually that person would write that this is turning them on and was very upset that it gets deleted. It's when I added IP blocking and blocked all addresses he used. I also came across people who would report bugs that don't exist. The team would spend days trying to track down the problem user is reporting, but the problem was never there. One case I remember user would claim that he paid for an item, but it is not visible on his account and he would keep asking for a refund, but when checked the items looked as they should. We asked him to send some screenshots and apparently he had photoshopped the items out from the screens. He stopped asking when we told him that our support member would like to access his desktop remotely to fix the problem. What Microsoft is doing should be illegal. If you buy a product, you should be able to use it throughout your lifetime or until the product naturally cease to operate. In this case, Microsoft should release an open source tool to cross sign the drivers if they don't want to support it or add an update that disables checking for signatures. If a company can disable software features in the future, then you are no buying the product but merely renting it. Imagine if you bought a car and then 5 years later company rep would come in and welded the wheels so that you wouldn't be able to upgrade your tires. That wouldn't fly, so why software companies are allowed to do this? Why someone should install a new version of system that introduces all kind of spying and data harvesting just to use it as they used to? It's like saying oh you need to change the oil, why don't you buy a new car while at it? It's like buying a property with a charge and restrictions on it. Some of these restrictions should be made illegal. There is no business case for them apart from extracting money from customers for no value for them. Any restriction should only be legal if it helps the product to work as intended or is required by any health and safety regulations. A restriction that forces customer to buy an "upgraded" product should never be allowed. This desperately needs to be regulated. Companies should not be allowed to do this. How is it different from extortion? Don't forget about OS updates that disable phone features. For example Samsung ran an update that disabled phone call recording. If you wanted a phone so you can record your calls to elderly parents to have memories of them, you could no longer do that after updating the phone and there was no warning that such update does that. "brainy" people can also think how to exploit society, and they are actually quite effective at it. Take a look at the rise of various totalitarian societies in the last century. The books that have been written by them more or less are still the basis of frameworks various countries have adopted. I don't want to minimise what your mom does, but part of the problem is that it is only being talked about abusive men and people may think the women cannot abuse. It seems like it is where equality needs to be improved as men do not have access to help as good as women. There is hope that one of the fresh billionaires takes an axe at the RIAA and other abusive organisations and brings hope to all artists that are being exploited by labels, lawyers and organisations like RIAA. Best gig I had I found on gumtree. A very rich guy wanted to create a startup. We clicked over the phone and I joined the small team. We worked in a basement of one of his posh houses in the city centre. We could sleep there and there was always fresh food delivered by his house staff. I spent two years with them. He then sold the company for just below 50 million as it was no longer fun for him. I remember spending good two weeks writing XPath parser in C and then the client changed their system responses to JSON. My last experience with XPath. I don't know how someone ever could think this is a good idea and also got so many governments to implement this. Whoever is behind it, he or she is a genius of evil. Let's ditch this nonsense now. Majority of time that humanity existed that wasn't a problem. Maybe this was influenced by industrialisation and 9-5 culture. It would be great if we also left behind these rigid rules when people should work (certainly the new work from home adoption could help with that). I'd rather go to sleep earlier so that the 4am feels like 5am instead of force almost entire world to change their clocks. What's the problem to go an hour earlier to work during the summer? It's not like working hours are regulated by law. I naturally go to sleep about 3am and wake up 9am. I tried different hours, but it was unsustainable. I would feel terrible the whole day as it is just to possible for me to fall asleep let's say at 11pm or even 1am. This was a horror for me and actually prompted to start my own business so I could be in charge of when I work. I was only able to find one employer before that, who was happy for me to come to work at 10 or 11. Different employers after a period of time would report that other staff feel that I am getting privileges and they also would want to come "when they please". So that would end up with me quitting. It's a shame that somehow 9-5 is embedded in our culture so strongly if you want to oppose it you are being viewed as if you were saying a blasphemy! Are you me? It is very easy to find your own cycle. I found that my natural hours for sleep are from 3am to 9am. I can easily fall asleep when I go to bed say 2:45am and feel great when I wake up. If I try to go to sleep at 1am, it's pointless. I am too alert and have to get up and do things. That's perfect example of lazy thinking. They would see you catching sleep, but would never see you work and in their brain this would form as "he is lazy". The information that you work night shifts would get registered, but they would have to be informed with the same frequency as they see you sleep that you worked a night shift, otherwise after a day or two they would revert to thinking you are lazy. It is quite fascinating. I had the same problem with my partner - that is she would work night shifts and she wouldn't see me doing anything around the house, but I would do all the chores all the time. So if she came home in the evening and saw a little bit of rubbish that accumulated since the morning she would start making argument that I don't clean the house, but in the morning I did clean it. It helped when I started making a log on a sheet fixed to the fridge. I would always show her the log when she would come home. At the same time I had a feeling that she is not doing much and that I am doing all the chores. I wouldn't acknowledge that over the weekend she would do general cleaning as well that would take her almost as much time as myself doing chores over the week. I understand that I didn't think "sleep earlier" through. I wouldn't be able to do that easily. I can't go around getting to sleep at other time than 3am, it seems like my body is fixed to that hour. I realised I should have added that. It's 3am DST, so it is a bit easier for me now that time changed. Can you not add these instructions? At least when you use FPGA IP, it can be done. But you would have to update the toolchain etc to support these new instructions. This is neat! I wish we had more DOS-like applications instead of poor looking Windows and graphical ui that you have to spend ages to navigate with mouse instead of using a number of keyboard shortcuts. There is a suppression of source code. I am always downloading videos when someone repairs something of my interest or similar. Sometime authors take those videos down shortly after uploading because they think these are boring or have mistakes. I find them extremely valuable regardless of their issues. I use ytdl daily. I hope RIAA gets shut down. They don't work for artists and they are suppressing the culture. I dreamed of something like this for ages. Now I need to find a nice pocket monitor and a power bank. I am going to feel like a teen again. Respect! I had devices with eMMC and can't remember any of them being "fast" and "reliable". I can't understand the reason why this port even was invented. The cables I have seen are few times bigger than the connector itself, so there is a lot of pressure and tension being applied on that tiny port. Only thing I can think of is saving some PCB space, but if they put more effort into arranging components, then I am sure full size port would fit nicely. When I first got a computer magazine in a PDF format in the late 90s, I knew this is going to be the future. It looked so slick on my CRT monitor and I've been looking at pages, zooming, zooming out, just for the sake of it. Whenever I open a PDF file my mind goes back in time and relives these moments of joy. I had this mindset for a long time that we would save money running our own infrastructure. I remember talking days with our CTO about getting dedicated servers and spinning up one of the Citrix or VMWare offerings. I was sure that we could run our backend on one dedicated server for a fraction of the equivalent on AWS. I based my assumptions on running my own infrastructure for years without issues. However, once we started growing I understood that adding resources, changing network policies, spinning test environments would be extremely difficult and would stall our growth. I am so glad they didn't listen to me. One missed opportunity regarding the educational value is that it is a shame they used some BGA chips instead of more soldering friendly package. People then could learn how to mod these by swapping RAM or other components or training repairs. Sure you can do BGA as well, but it may be too intimidating for a beginner and may require special equipment. I wish people were taught in school about the various manipulation techniques that are being used against them. Unfortunately that would mean currently both sides would not be voteable, but that should in the long run make democracy healthier. Currently democracy is legal, because if you have enough money you can easily manipulate people into anything, and if you can print money they your power is unrestricted. I believe that whoever wins, there will be a minor difference to day to day life, except that one side will have this group oppressed and the other side another, whoever wins. If you use divide and conquer, you need to follow up with the work against imaginary threats to be seen as trustworthy. You are correct. Unfortunately I can't see any comparable chip in a package other than some kind of BGA. edit: that makes me think if they could release something less capable but in more friendly packages? That will probably not have enough market share to be viable. Why would you have a stand to sue RIAA if GitHub would have blocked your account? I think you may only have a claim against GH, but I have not read T&C well enough, but I can imagine they would have an entry enabling them to block anyone for any reason. I don't think you could do anything about it. I had a great blog that started getting me over $2000 per month from Google Ads (several million views), then suddenly after 3 months it dropped to $300 with the same amount of views and never gone up. No matter how much promo I did I would never get past $300. It seems like Google somehow put restriction on my account without any explanation. Eventually my blog died (also because Facebook capped organic reach of my posts after I stopped buying ads. I had tens of thousands of followers but content they shared would never reach their friends after I was no longer a paying customer. Pretty shady stuff). I decided to not contact neither Google nor Facebook about this, because I was worried they will ban me and I needed access to GMail and Facebook (to talk with family). I really hope these companies get properly investigated, because they have unregulated power of altering the markets to their favour. This power should only be reserved to governments and if Google or Facebook are so big, they need to be divided and their business space heavily regulated. People pay with their data. It suits Google very well. If they were able to make billions, lest they could do is to have a proper customer service. I see them now as a company exploiting their customers in every way possible and then giving them a middle finger if there is any problem they experience. It should not be legal to respond to customer issues with bots or people not trained to deal with specific requests. If this means customers would have to pay extra, I am fine with that. Did you have access to the entire source code and understanding of all services running the system? Capping could have been done by a service created by a team you wouldn't have access to and without knowledge something like that even exist (and rightfully so, as it would take one whistleblower to harm the business). So I am not surprised you would write that there was no such facility. I went into OVH and AWS rabbit hole. I think person needs to understand the concept of alternative cost when approaching such problem. Sure, you will save money on the server itself, but you don't get all other things that AWS is adding and you would have to one way or another do them by yourself. Even if your time is extremely cheap, I don't think one is able to beat their price as much to justify doing all this work. They've been at it for years and their solution is battle tested and you may be adding issues you won't be aware of that will bite you once you get growing. It's possible to implement something like this and you wouldn't be able to find out, as a service sitting between the network and ad servers, it could even be embedded in an innocent looking load balancer. Why would you think something like that wouldn't exist? I am sceptical, but I wish you all the best. I hope you'll be successful like this dude who got Spotify playlist export back on - it was epic. Is Google actually under any scrutiny? I get an impression that they can pay their way out of anything or get a slap on the wrist. I agree though that you cannot check if the VPN provider logs your traffic or not even if they claim they don't log it. They did settle, but it is worth noting that Microsoft is not Google. I consider Google to be much higher on the ladder of evil. They could use that to suppress funding to websites that are not in line with Google world views and boost funding to websites aligning with their views. They could also use this to help website competitors who pay for ad words. My traffic also got down once I stopped paying for ad words, but the increase of traffic I was getting from ads, was nowhere near the size of the drop after I stopped using it. Then they capped the ad sense. When an engineer takes a flight to install memory, it is clear that you are being over charged. These companies milked their monopoly position quite well. Isn't the problem about actual tracking and not the cookies? If you track someone without using any cookie you still need to ask for consent. I kind of don't understand the this post. Can someone explain why is it okay to track someone without cookie? Do you know why promoting Nazi symbols is illegal, but communist symbols (a system that claimed magnitude more lives than Nazism) are completely fine to promote? For me so far the worst thing Google did was disabling API for call recording. That makes new phones pretty much useless for me. I always record calls, so that I can go back to them if I forget something or that nobody can claim they said something when they didn't (most recently insurance salesperson told me I will have option X if I take their insurance and they once I bought it, there was no such option. Once I pulled the "I have recorded your salesman lying to me", I got a prompt refund and apologies). Ok but then why don't they disable the camera and a microphone when you record videos? You can hide the phone in a way that the person you talk to won't see you are recording it. I don't accept this explanation. I am not sure if that is true. I am running Samsung S9 with an early Android version and call recording works just fine. The Samsung released an update that disables call recording altogether (and does not allow you to turn off updates, so I've been postponing the OS update for almost two years now every day or so). You are most likely unable to choose the class you are born into, so where you belong is outside your control, in a similar way to the colour of your skin. In that respect I fail to see how Communism is different from Nazism. In both systems the outcome is that part of the population becomes enslaved, they only had different criteria who is going to suffer. So you can put your phone on recording e.g. in a restaurant "intercepting communications", but when someone calls you it's a no-no. Regardless, in my country recording is perfectly legal and yet Google has disabled it. If this is the law, then don't you think they should either follow it or not? I am not sure how you can only partially follow the law. I'd rather think that insurance companies and similar who rely on sales over the phone lobbied Google to disable it. The law thing for me is too poorly done to be a valid excuse. Wouldn't that tell any spy device / software that the subject has switched off the means he or she can be surveiled by? I cannot see how this could help with anything. They should rather do a physical switch that would 0 the data lines from these devices, so that camera or the microphone would be seen as working, but not sending any signal. Even better if you could pre-program some kind of ambience sound and pre-recorded cam video, so that once you turn it off, the perpetrator will think that they are still getting something. I wouldn't be surprised if the cartels were not funding research and development of such machines. I am not saying this particular one, but having an autonomous drone flying over long distance and capable of some more serious cargo seems like a dream come true (for example 100 mile radius should be enough to cross the border). If they could pair it with autonomous submarines then this opens the world of possibilities when it comes to moving the product across the world. That's why the idea of having some pre-recorded stuff on tap, but sending no signal could waste some of the perpetrators resources, which I think is something nicer to have than letting them know it is switched off. This is neat, but the problem I always had in these type of libraries is that they only work enough for the examples to be usable. As soon as I wanted to do something that was not in examples, that would either won't work at all or needed a horrible hack to work. I can't give a real example from the top of my head, but I am thinking like the examples would not show how to do a modal popup window and then you learn when you try to instatiate such window then the other window goes crazy or if you close the modal window everything closes and there would be no way to fix it other than digging into library code. I hope this one is not like that. It looks very impressive indeed! I may be giving it a go in the near future as I may have an use case for it. I bought a Brother laser printer from a company that was upgrading their office equipment. I paid for it like £30. It is a colour printer. I have been enjoying it for like 6 years now and it still has plenty of toner left and no issues whatsoever. It feels like it can print infinite number of pages without any issue. I am truly amazed. When I compare it to the Canon and HP printers I had where I had to literally swap the ink every few pages and for Canon there was a moment where it was cheaper to buy a printer with ink included, than just the ink. But was it a "fault" of the switch itself or lack of meaningful feedback that the switch was engaged? It seems like they have not implemented it properly and then say it wasn't a good idea, without really giving it a chance. Thank you! Great answer What locks ytdl is allegedly breaking? It is selective application of the law. It is easy to shut down a small company without army of lawyers and infinite resources. If you don't have broad shoulders, then you need to accept that you have to follow the law. Law does not apply to large companies. It is common that large companies split into subsidiaries dedicated to handle one or a couple of tasks. I wouldn't be surprised if the FB hosting was handled by a separate company owned by FB. Regardless - if there is a request to take something offline, then it should be followed. It is unacceptable that we have two tier legal system. One, very strict for small players, and essentially no rules for the big boys. It seems like Intel wasted at least 5 years. They thought they are invincible and competition will never catch up, plus they thought if they change the model name and repackage to a new socket, people will still buy it. They however didn't consider the fact that people bought these processors, because there was nothing else and also new people are becoming teens and adults and they need computers as well. Maybe they also counted on brand loyalty? I think brand loyalty ends when you need to waste your time waiting for a task to complete. I am so happy to pre-order 5950X. I will also buy new Threadripper when it gets released. Why Intel couldn't rent TMSC facility to produce their processors? Too proud? I on the other hand hope that Apple will stay away from x86. If they started co-op with AMD it would be a matter of time AMD would have to produce special versions of processors that only Apple could purchase and end users wouldn't be able to do any repairs and a lot of manufacturing power would have been wasted on Macs making it more expensive for other people. I got a used laser printer few years ago and I still didn't need to replace anything. It feels like it can print ad infinitum. And I paid like £30 for it. Ink printers is a scam. I paid like £30 for used laser colour printer couple of years ago and I've been printing a lot since then. Never had to buy any toner or other maintenance products, except for paper. When I had HP printer I remember having debates whether to print something, draw it by hand to save money or how to avoid printing altogether. At one point it was cheaper to buy a new printer with ink than ink. I think this may be the case of "too big too fail", that is law does not apply to large companies because they can easily wiggle their way out of anything by pouring money at lawyers or they can stop supporting political party or individual politicians if they won't get their way. This is nothing for a big company, they'll just pour insignificant amount of money (to them) until it goes away. For a consumer this is a huge waste of time and money for no benefit. Only thing you can do is take your money elsewhere - stop supporting companies who do these kind of things and make sure that all your friends know about this. It is still going to be a small drop in a bucket, a mild inconvenience and a lot of hassle for an individual. Would you trade few weeks of your life to fight such battle? Will the satisfaction be comparable to satisfaction coming from achieving something productive? I think for all this time you'd have your life filled with bitterness. It's better to take your money elsewhere and spend time on something productive! You can also think about it as cost of learning about evil companies and their practices. > I feel I have to point out that the cartridges that come with a printer are starter cartridges. They contain significantly less ink/toner than a replacement cartridge. Even accounting for that, I remember it was still cheaper to buy a new printer. Do you buy parts for the THING in cheaper regions? For example the components that make the THING were made in China or other country with cheap labour? If you say yes, then why do you think it is moral to remove such option from the consumer? I find it fascinating that people are ready to go through such lengths to achieve what is supposed to be a simple task and they think it is normal. If they were testing this with the customers, really not one said this is just plain stupid or maybe they did, but greedy marketers decided to ignore? It's not like HP has a monopoly on printers? > How is that supposed to affect anybody else who is still buying the regular stuff, or be better for Apple customers than the same thing but with an architecture transition and the inability to natively virtualize the x64 editions of Windows and Linux? For one, these CPUs would make the fabs busy, that means AMD would produce less CPUs for the "masses" and probably that would make it more expensive for everyone. I think the inability to virtualize would kind of fit the walled garden Apple is going for. > Apple and AMD are both TSMC customers. They come out of the same fabs. It's not like you can produce different CPUs at the same time. It requires setup and probably particular fab is able to produce one type of CPU in a batch. The TSMC resources are finite as well. There is this theory that speed of light is not symmetrical, that is it may be c/2 in one direction and infinity in the opposite one. Given that, we could perceive that meteorites took millions of years to arrive, but it could be in a instant. Thank you! Haha yes I watched Veritasium video... Should the name of the thing give away that it may not be exactly the right thing to do? I mean DEAD-lift... To me it feels incredibly wasteful as this is addressing artificial problem and then will have to catch up with Apple moving goal posts. Sure the authors can gather some experience with software development, but other than that it sounds like a huge time sink for no real benefit as Apple can always shut it down one way or another. I would rather see people working on an open fork of Android and address real issues like the fact that Google removed call recording API from Android, to help insurance and other phone sale companies scam their customers, as they can no longer record telemarketers lying to them. If you are accused of something you have a right to remain silent. Wouldn't this proposal violate this? If you spy on someone's communication you essentially change the audience to whom the accused may not wish to speak to. I understand that the authorities want to catch the bad people, but where does it end? Should we accept having a civil servant and their handler in our homes? Should we have weekly polygraph testing? What if someone speaks in a code, that is the spoken sentences will have a different meaning than what language would suggest? What if someone speaks their mother tongue, is that going to be classed as circumvention of surveillance? Why this is even an official proposal? Is there an Android version? It seems to me that you got rejected because you applied for a tourist VISA, but your travels were business related. In that case I think you should have applied for a business VISA instead. Nonetheless, what happened is quite upsetting. I am not sure if I ever go to the US given how they treat tourists. For me it's not worth to be degraded in such a way only to see things that probably exist or look similar in other countries. Correct. That VISA merely gives you right to be on the plane and speak to the border control after landing. He was denied the right to travel. As you wrote yourself, business stuff is a grey area and perhaps something got triggered. Samsung did similar thing with their S9 and probably other phones. You had perfectly working call recording functionality until it was blocked by software update that you cannot turn off - you can only postpone every day or so. It seems like Apple takes the walled garden principle to its extremes. What harm TWAIN support was doing? Maybe they want the ability to see the documents users are scanning? Sometimes it could be a valuable source of IP. Do we know that such advanced chip manufacturing was developed just in Taiwan? It would seem that European countries have great education and economy and yet we cannot see any innovation in this space? Is there any Fab in Europe that could challenge TSMC? Anything in the US? What is so special about Taiwan that it was possible there despite all nuances coming from its political and geographical situation? If you can't buy it on Mouser or digi-key then it is another attempt at expanding the walled garden. If for some reason you CPU dies in your PC you can just buy a new CPU without having to replace an entire computer. I bet that it will not be possible with Apple product. They are focusing on forcing consumers to buy new products instead. Wouldn't be surprised if the cooling solution was serialised and it had a detection whether the cooling is originally programmed for the particular unit like they do now with cameras and other peripherals (check iPhone 12 teardown videos). I bet that the logic would check the expected temperature for given binning and then shut down the system if it is too cool or too hot. Apple knows better than the users what hardware should work with the unit. That's fascinating. Do you know more about the patents? I don't have any example at hand, but often I saw when browsing patents in the space I am interested in, that the patented solutions are kind of obvious when you dig deeper into something and the engineers who patented them just got there first. This is very frustrating, because then you need to spend time on finding different way, sometimes more difficult to achieve the same goal. It's like someone learned about numbers and then found that 2x2=4 and patented it, and then you cannot use this equation but instead you have to do like 1+1+2=4 if that makes sense. So my point is - if there is similar situation with these patents, then that kind of explains why there is no real competition. Do you know what kind of software is used to design these chips? I understand you can do prototyping in Verilog and then somehow translate or make use of these predefined cells. Then how those cells are placed on the die? Is that automated or semi-manual like when doing PCB design? I play with FPGA, but I just keep wondering what it would take to design my own chip. It's interesting that Intel has not gone to TSMC to produce better CPUs while at the same time improving their own fabs. Too much pride? I have the same feeling about Samsung. I am shopping for a new phone, unfortunately I cannot find any review that would say whether call recording works on a particular phone. It's not difficult to replace RAM or SSD with the right tools (which may be within reach of an enthusiast), problem is that you often cannot buy spare chips as manufacturers can only sell them to Apple or that they are serialised - programmed to work only with that particular chip and then the unit has to be reprogrammed after the replacement by the manufacturer. I think they started doing it after rework tools became affordable for broader audience. You can get a trinocular microscope, rework station and an oven for under a $1000 these days. Something like ATX standard but for laptop shells would be awesome - imagine being able to replace a motherboard etc, just like you can with a desktop PC. Some parts are kind of like tyres on a bike, just need to be replaced from time to time, it doesn't mean the bike is bad or not working like a champ. It's a shame we don't have charities that would take such parts and then distributed them to less fortunate countries. Ten years ago a ten year old graphics card would no longer be quite usable, but now 10 years old card should work just fine for most of the tasks, except more advanced gaming. I think resetting instead of bricking doesn't compromise security, but saves a burner laptop from ending up in landfill. I get your point, but I think company would have to demonstrate that e.g. serialising meets particular business need that is different from planned obsolescence. Could be a part of certification processes that products before getting marketed have to go through. Why beating around the bush? If the function of extra tax is to stop producers from implementing planned obsolescence, then why not just stop them directly and require that components are not serialised etc. as a part of certifications products need to go through? If you add tax, then all you do is restricting access to such products for people with lower income. I thought you could donate any part of a computer and then people could sort and match, but I think you're right. Thank you! Maybe it was too early for this kind of thing. I could imagine today such shell would be much slicker. > in the sense people know what they want to do, but the exact process for doing it takes years to develop and refine. That is what makes me dislike the idea of patents - if two or more teams working in silos on developing and refining the process would have gotten similar results, then the process should not be patentable. Finally they got some sense. Thank you That's an excellent idea! I hope they will succeed and we will get cheaper and greener energy. The ideas are always around taxing the middle class, the hard working engineers, lawyers, doctors and sold to the masses as taxing "the rich", but in reality the rich never pay as much tax as middle class (as a proportion of income). Tax is often used as an instrument to discourage certain behaviour and this proposal seems to be also hitting engineers, but also people on lower income who for example assemble parts at home. It seems like the goal of DB is to discourage home working disguised as a help to those who cannot work from home. It's kind of "we know better than you what is good and you must obey or give us your hard earned money." Why people are not ashamed to put such proposals forward? It is scary that so many so called economists are strangers to the concept of opportunity cost... Worker always pays all tax. If you get X and pay Y tax and employer also pay Z tax, the reality is that you make X+Y+Z and pay Y+Z of tax, it just happens that Z is attributed to the employer, but it makes no difference. So if the Z increases, then X and Y will decrease or if X and Y stays the same, it only means you are now making more, but the difference goes to the state purse. Now if the increase goes beyond the budget allocated for salaries, the solutions are - increase the budget, make cuts, fire someone and if employer increases the budget then you just made a rise. No, you just don't pay it and that means you save. So true. This reminds me when I figured out how to get into a desktop from a locked Windows machine (can't remember which one, maybe 95). It was my "party trick" for a while and friends thought I am a hacker. Then I learned this was commonly known and later nobody believed me I found it on my own. I wonder why the industry does not single out musicians who aid their work with drugs akin to using illegal supplements by athletes. It seems like by use of substances those musicians get competitive advantage over musicians who abstain from drugs and want to be on the right side of law. But somehow still the drug use among artists is viewed as "cool". This fascinates me that for one group such behaviour seems acceptable, but for another it's a big no-no. I can't remember exact details, but I was able to open help from the locked screen and then from help I was able to launch the explorer. I think it was similar to this: https://i.imgur.com/rG0p0b2.gif But wouldn't the public also enjoy seeing the athletes breaking the records beyond what is possible without any supplements? I must admit that I like music that has been done under influence as it feels more stimulating. But I wonder if there are other areas then, where such culture is acceptable? It seems like it is widely accepted that bankers or stockbrokers also give themselves a boost (you never read about stop and search around the financial districts) I wonder if the next step after that will be Apple dictating what new apps are desirable in the app store and then a bit further Apple making apps themselves and only outsourcing the support or signing franchise deals. Once the hardware could only be repaired by Apple, they could move completely into a subscription model where you could subscribe to e.g. Office or Streamer package that would include a laptop for two years and a predefined set of applications. I still have the iPad 2 and I tried many times to convince myself to upgrade, but I only use it in the kitchen to browse recipes and then I learned about Apple stance on right to repair and that made me not buy any more of their products. If the iPad finally dies, I'll buy Android tablet. It seems like they say nothing whether they optimised their audio engine. There are a couple of low hanging fruits that they avoid to pick for some reason that would vastly improve the performance. For example they could enable wrapping the VST plugins in their own separate processes. That means the operating system scheduler would be able to distribute the load on available cores in a more efficient way than Ableton currently does. Another is that when you have two tracks using the same send, then all paths that lead to the send with the send included work on the same core that means you can easily run into issues if you use more demanding plugins. Here the solution would be processing the tracks in parallel up to the point where it goes to the send - this could actually be solved by running plugins in separate processes. One more feature related to performance improvements would be ability to freeze tracks just partially and freeze entire groups. I think other features added are great, but they are kind of useless if you can't play anything because the audio engine can't keep up. Going faster where the vehicle is a human body. Imagine athletes being sponsored by various pharmaceutical companies. When I read it, it actually sounds very creepy, but I'd watch a horror movie based on such scenario. Yes and that works very well. You could also achieve this in Ableton by using jBridge (it was intended as a way to run 32bit plugins in 64bit DAW or other way around or to overcome the memory limits of a 32bit process) which runs plugins in separate processes and unintended consequence is vastly improved performance. I remember having projects that wouldn't play at all and played through jBridge without breaking a sweat. That's not what my experience tells me. If you read on Ableton website: > Live uses one thread to process a signal path. A signal path is a single chain of audio flow. In tracks where instrument or effect racks are used, with multiple chains in parallel, Live may use one thread per chain depending on how CPU-intensive each chain may be. If two tracks are "chained" by routings, for instance by a side-chain routing, a track being fed to a return track or any tracks being fed into each-other, they are considered dependent tracks and count as one signal path. Any dependant set of tracks will use one thread each. https://help.ableton.com/hc/en-us/articles/209067649-Multi-c... The way they allocate plugins to threads is very inefficient and wrapping each plugin in a separate process sidesteps it as the OS takes over the allocation to different cores. You will find that many people would pay for having their worry about choosing the right laptop and software completely removed. They also won't have to worry about repairs etc. as long as any damage would be accidental or from a manufacturing fault. I read the link. I think your assumptions are wrong and definitely don't match my use case. I know there is a cost of context switching, but even with adding all that I was getting much better performance. I work with 1024 buffer and use CPU heavy plugins. Let's say that my CPU (i9 9900k @5GHz) can run 8 plugins maximum on one core. Now I have 4 tracks, and each track has 4 plugins. That sounds okay, but as soon as I use a send effect on three tracks, they are being processed in one thread and that expects one core to serve 12+1 plugins. Suddenly I get overload and I can't play anything. If I use jBridge, the plugins on each track will run in parallel utilising all cores and playback is smooth. The cpu usage per plugin is higher because of the overhead of the wrapper, but I am able to much more plugins without breaking up. I think Ableton model does not take into account that you are bound by how many plugins one core can service and if you try to cram as many plugins into one thread you'll have performance issue. The strategy should be the opposite - trying to spread the load onto as many cores as possible. If think more people would buy a subscription instead of forking out few grand at once. It will be like a finance instead you won't own the laptop. I also understand this is quite stupid, but I feel that this is the direction Apple is going to go to extract even more money from their target audience. But how Ableton is doing it is worse than OS scheduler, that's the point. It's from my experience. Ableton is optimised to cram as many plugins onto a single thread as possible, which means you are quickly going to run out of processing power when using more CPU demanding plugins, because as soon as you exhaust one cpu core, the project will no longer play in real time. When plugins run from their own process, the OS take care of distributing the load across multiple cores and that lets you run more plugins before it will overload. So I agree that sandboxing is not done to gain perfomance, but better perfomance is an unintended side effect. That shows how bad Ableton scheduling is. Let me try to explain again. In Ableton one signal path executes in one thread. Any track that goes to send or to a group gets added to one thread, so that if you have [A, B, C] on track one and [D, E, F] on track two - they will run in parallel - that's fine. However, if you send track one and track two to a send track with [G], they both run on a single thread, so it becomes [A, B, C, D, E, F, G], if a single core can only process four plugins, Ableton will be stalling. If you run each plugin in a separate process, then [A, B, C] and [D, E, F] will run in parallel and the results will go to [G]. As long as either [A, B, C] or [D, E, F] will not exhaust the single core, the playback will be smooth. The same happens if you group tracks or use side chain. Plugins in the chain will all run on single thread, but they could run in parallel up until the point where they "meet". Simplest way to achieve that is to do that sandboxing or more efficient way would be to improve the thread allocation to be more granular. I am using i9 9900k @5GHz so I think it is quite fast. The plugins I use are CPU heavy and you can run limited number of them on a single core. I am not interested in low latency - I am running 1024 buffer, however I would like my projects to play smoothly even if there is latency. Ableton unfortunately does not work well with such use case as it won't parallelise where it could and sandboxing does just that and I can run more plugins, even if it seems less efficient. Yes this is what's happening in Ableton and by your description I'd love if Ableton did the same thing as Ardour. I understand sandbox is not the simplest, but it is exactly what jBridge does and it gives me better performance in Ableton, so by simplest I meant that Ableton wouldn't have to change how they do processing, as jBridge is just a wrapper - does not modify Ableton in any way. I really really hope that in real life scenarios this will be much faster than Intel CPUs, in case a wake up slap from AMD will not do. Maybe Intel will swallow its pride and design a new CPU for TSMC. I didn't observe that. I have experienced no difference apart from improved performance. Your assumptions are wrong, because when you run jBridge A B and C are sandboxed. You are essentially running all plugins in its own processes. As I stated in other comments, the performance is improved even with the losses coming from context switching. The effect is I am able to run much more plugins than without jBridge without Ableton having a breakdown and task manager shows better core saturation. I also stated I don't care about latency - I run my projects at 1024 buffer plus plugins introduce their own delays, so sometimes it takes a couple of seconds to hear something after hitting play. That's fine as long as the playback is uninterrupted. I am running very CPU heavy plugins and that bring Ableton to its knees. Other DAWs handle it miles better - especially Reaper. Unfortunately I cannot get used to the workflow in other DAWs so I have to use workarounds. I am not sure why people keep defending this flawed architecture. It's what makes the Ableton community so toxic, but still better than Bitwigs though - if you dare to comment you dislike something about Bitwig you likely get crucified. Isn't that addressing the effect of someone's depression? It's a bit like saying you have a headache because you take painkillers. If person is unhappy "screen time" is just a coping mechanism. If you take it away, then the person will find something else to numb their worries. You need to have an honest talk with yourself or a therapist to get to the bottom why you feel this way and then see how you can address it. These "rule of thumb" things are akin to "why don't you just smile?" or "stop worrying" and don't help. Yes, you can get into a feedback loop, but that needs to be talked about, not just outright dismissed. Yes I did such tests and then compared the same scenario with jBridge. This is exactly what therapy helps with, but if you don't know what triggers it, then simply reducing screen time will not solve anything, because you'll be missing something. It's good to learn about mindfulness, asking yourself questions e.g. why am I spending time on my phone now? and going deeper. It doesn't do that. Whatever seems dependant gets lumped into one thread and limited to a single core. Fortunately Ableton cannot limit what plugins do in their own runtime so as you say U-HE multicore functionality works just fine and jBridge can run plugins off of separate processes. Not sure why people are being defensive about it or attack for pointing this flaw out. It's great that you think Ableton works as intended for you, but once you go beyond Live devices and use more professional tools, you'll hit the wall. People who I know hit this as well just moved to Reaper, but I cannot get on with its workflow. So why do you think there is huge performance boost when plugins are sandboxed and running in their own processes? Is this even legal? Should any personal information be opt in by default? Should Apple present you with the details of what they send and why and an option to opt in to each separately if you want to? Does Apple inform the user where they can download their data that has been collected and who had access to it? Does Apple use a loophole in GDPR that it only applies to websites? It should only be "opt-in" and the OS should work if the user chose not to be a subject of surveillance. I agree, that would be a good idea, as long as it wouldn't call home and sending any reports afterwards. What these instructions do so that someone working on their own couldn't figure out? I am sick of patents lodged just because particular engineers got there first. When you finally save money to do your own research often you learn that your idea has already been patented. It just made work more expensive as I had to spend time finding way around the patent. Such monopoly on ideas should not be legal. I don't think a freshman CS student could afford to apply for a patent. This is only reserved for big companies or engineers backed up by wealth. You also often get things patented that nobody thought about patenting as they are that obvious. It's just a mechanism to gate keep and secure profits for big guys. I have a friend who has multiple patents and their investor only agreed to put money in their project if they patented it and shared all revenue. They were not actually interested in the product itself apart from likelihood the patents will bring money. The project is now dead, but patents stay blocking anyone from trying the same idea. We need some billionaire to step in and lobby against organisations like RIAA to make them illegal. First one who does it, will be forever remembered as the one who saved artists and their fans. RIAA only protects labels who obtain rights to art in questionable manner (just read so many stories about artists being cheated by the label). We need something that will be paying artists directly and there is technology to solve that. RIAA is a cancer and must go. We need stop the existence of mafia like extortion rackets that claim they protect artists but in fact they line their own pockets and pockets of the labels and at the same time artists can't afford to even eat well. If MS is a member of RIAA they should consider putting forward a motion to close it down or at very least leave it. They could throw few millions at lawyers to draw a law that makes organisations like RIAA illegal and then put forward few more millions at congressmen and lobby for its passage. That would make real difference. RIAA estate should be confiscated, sold and proceeds distributed among artists (not labels) You can use git to version almost anything - e.g. your essays or todo lists. That doesn't make you a developer. I wonder if it still sends personal data to Apple even after getting bricked? Has anyone checked if the bricked laptop sends any traffic? Not all artists can do shows - e.g. disabled, but I believe true fans will buy a record. I wouldn't like someone like RIAA to pressure someone into paying just because they downloaded my song to check it out (and I wouldn't see the money anyway). These days we have great technology and companies like Spotify can pay artists directly. Labels these days can only provide financing (on mafia like terms) and influence gate keepers, but this is also changing. You can totally make a commercial grade record on your own without label involvement, same with videos, merch etc. and even gigs. A world where corruption has been labelled as lobbying and everyone seem to accept that. People only vote on who can line their pockets and hope they have some semblance of morals. Unfortunately there is no other way to make change in area protected by massive wealth. Small labels are nothing like the big ones, just like small software shop is nothing like Google. We need laws that will require companies to split once they reach certain thresholds otherwise this is just getting nasty. At certain point companies get unfair competitive advantage and they have so much money they literally can buy laws to make sure any competition is kept at bay. [flagged] Are you saying that implementing shady bypassing of VPNs to transfer who knows what data out of "your" machine without your knowledge is okay because it is not as bad as Microsoft, Facebook or Google? Is it really what we have come to? I think this is worse than Microsoft, because in Windows I can actually disable that and it doesn't try to bypass my firewall or VPN. Even if police has less power, they still can lie to you or give you misleading advice and then turn it against you and you will have no way to prove malice. I witnessed this couple of times and I was shocked that something like this is possible. I think to build the trust of the public, governments should invest in creating technology allowing recording all incidents in full. If there is no accountability all bad apples get free reign and you will have no recourse. If government wants to continue with drug prohibition then they should provide adequate policing. You can't have a cake and eat it too. You cannot blame the environment if this is what you created. If police cannot handle gangs, then why don't they lobby for drug legalisation? Or is it that they quite enjoy drug busts and undeclared cash on the side? "It's a shame if something happened to you, now give us your data, actually we just downloaded it" IP and behavioural data can identify you. To be fair I have seen a company who had a dedicated git guy who was committing, merging, pushing whatever on behalf of the developer after nth time some of them screwed the repo completely. When I started learning how to use I had people telling me it is difficult, but were not able to explain why they think it is difficult and I started learning having this in mind and that made it unnecessarily complicated. I think once you know all the terminology and a few workflow scenarios, then it is very easy. People are being told git is complex and then they are confused when it feels easy when they do something. They assume they are doing something wrong. Companies that big should not be allowed to operate. They will have too much personal data and incredible unfair competitive advantage on the market. It's when capitalism doesn't work and where it needs to have emergency stops. Amazon needs to be split into independent companies. Now that Amazon will also know your medical history, know what you are talking about at home, all your preferences, who you meet, what are your problems, probably they know even more that Google. This should be stopped. We shouldn't be trading freedom for a notion of convenience. Such knowledge could tempt some hostile action - for example some disgruntled employee could pull a list of people with nut allergy and the same day send them a box of peanuts. With the delivery so quick, nobody could stop such attack. That's a problem right there that a small company couldn't challenge it. Healthcare also is in a desperate need of a reform, as currently is just a gravy train for fat cats meanwhile people are suffering and going bankrupt. Can this be self-hosted? What stops me from using these kind of tools is the fact I don't know who can read it and what they could do with it. I may occasionally paste some work in progress documentation that will be public anyway, but anything private I don't think I would ever trust such app unless I am hosting it myself. 15% is almost like state level tax. They shouldn't ask more than 5% or they should take payment per app review and take no sales commission. The app store is what makes their iPhones useful, so in my view they should be paying developers to make apps not the other way around. There is another problem - you cannot create your own app store or use alternative one if Apple for some reason does not accept your app. There is essentially no competition and at least the EU should step in and force Apple to open it to other app stores. Exactly, nothing stops them to pull "Amazon", that is once they see your app is successful, they could request all data they need and either buy it off the company that developed it for you or commission their own app based on the documentation you had to provide and then block you. There is currently nothing you could do about it. 15% is still not fair. App review is a one off task. They could charge the review fee and that's it. If they wanted more money they could charge data transfer fee similar to Amazon's S3. The 30% or 15% has no justification and it is just a cash grab because app developers can't go to an alternative app store with better terms. I am hoping that EU will stop this abuse. Why they cannot use something like Snapdragon? I am contemplating buying a new phone, but it seems like most of the new ones have call recording disabled, so a phone with an open API and privacy conscious is something I could pay for, but it seems like this one is lacking in the hardware department. If I bought it that would certainly be a downgrade from my current old Samsung phone (which is running old OS and call recording works fine). It's a level that state would take to take care for roads, healthcare, civil service, army and so on. There is no justification for such high % to maintain an app. They could charge per app review and maybe the data transfer fee no more than Amazon S3. Anything else is Apple abusing their monopoly. Developer can't submit their app to an alternative app store because Apple doesn't allow that and it must change. What makes you think it is a joke? Happy to hear why you think 15% is reasonable. Well, the app store cannot exist without app and phone without apps is essentially worthless (unless it has at least the caller app). So who is promoting who? The so called application delivery is just a file server that anyone can setup for peanuts these days. Apple offers no alternative for notifications or storage - there is no competition so they can dictate extortionate prices. Yes many companies would love to run these services on their own, but they can't as Apple is blocking it. These things that you listed are not that expensive to run. If you produce a food product you can also set up your own store, but you can't in case of Apple. This is laughable. You can setup Shopify to sell your physical inventory worldwide plus get an invoicing solution that deals with MOSS etc. for fraction of what Apple charges for hosting a file in an app. Plus they don't allow competing app stores, so they can dictate these extortionate prices. Would running X86 require licensing? If Intel doesn't say anything then could Apple in a couple of years develop their own X86 CPU by turning Rosetta into a hardware solutions? Technically it should be possible - as Transmeta has done something similar, but cannot find if they got a license from Intel or it was not needed. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transmeta The problem is that we didn't teach people about manipulation techniques because that was governments' favourite tool to control the masses. Now that anybody can reach anyone with any information, bad actors use these techniques to control people to their advantage. Governments' are now in an awkward position - ramp up education in these areas and forever give up a tool that worked for ages, or censor the information in hope that bad actors will not influence the public. It seems like governments still want to manipulate people, so censorship in their mind is the only way out of this. Unfortunately it is like having an aching tooth and taking pain killers hoping it will pass instead of going to dentist. My only hope that in the end this will make politics more honest and people will learn how they are being exploited. I don't accept that someone should have a power over what I can or cannot read and preventing me from forming my own opinions. Then there is always someone to point out this is not about China... come on. That makes sense. I hope the development of Risc V will be akin to what Arm is to Intel now in near future. I am thinking I am probably still going to buy Pine phone just to support the developers even if I won't be using it. Is battery consumption linear though? For example I can use my phone for half a day and battery will go down to 50%, then the remaining 50% lasts for maybe an hour. Basically it's a way for Google to remove Ad revenue from the outlets that don't use AdSense. Pretty clever strategy, but extremely abusive. I hope Google gets a proper fine (in order of billions), it will be ordered to split into separate independent companies and will have to delete all personal data they don't have legitimate reason to have. Please do a portable elevator or kind of a tent that looks like elevator that you can pitch it anywhere. Do you understand that AMP true purpose is to remove Ad revenue from outlets using other Ad providers than Ad Sense? Google has a huge conflict of interest with this "framework" and uses their position to force people to use it. I think this should be looked into by appropriate bodies that handle anti-competitive behaviour in the markets. For me the biggest problem with AMP was that it was not delivering comments on a given article. Often the mainstream journalists have an agenda and if you see that comments are disabled under an article, it is a strong indicator that it is a propaganda piece. If comments were enabled, however, you could see many counter opinions to a given article that would give you pointers where to look for the true picture of what happened. AMP makes for lower quality news and just because of that I avoid it, but it also cuts Ad revenue from the outlets that use it. I had such experience with Mac. It seems like for every little thing you want to do you need to install an app. This prompted me to check out Linux. I got XPS 13 and Linux installation was smooth and everything worked just fine out of the box. If one has to take off their F-91W then it means things are going to get serious. He had it, but he didn't look at it. Certainly not to find out what time it is. He also didn't inhale. Wow this is incredible! I think I may just build one over the festive period. How difficult would be for a fraudster to implement such functionality? It depends whether the watch is made in China or Japan, but you would have to make the owner to take it off :-) I am looking for a modest looking, slim watch with a dot matrix display. It shouldn't have any spying, surveillance built in. Closest to this requirement are some Seiko watches from the 80/90, but these are quite expensive. That's like supporting a protection racket... Wow. Well, it does not say what kind of metadata they'll be collecting and it seems like they send the phone numbers in plain text. No thanks. > or even forced to give all of their data, it's entirely voluntary. Sure you can avoid using Google and other spying companies products, but you kind of then getting yourself excluded from the society that see no problem with that. If you don't want to give your data you essentially need to stop using internet or put a lot of effort to learn how to avoid your data to be taken away from you. I agree that it should be straight up illegal to collect data that there is no essential business need for. Company should be allowed to take personal data to process an order, but it should be illegal to run any kind of analytics that involves personal data and even "anonymised" data should not be allowed to be sold or used for advertising or to manipulate customers into sales. I wonder if this ahead-of-time cross-compilation is a way of avoiding licensing issues? It seems like one cannot just make x86 CPU without Intel's agreement, but I couldn't find a source explaining this well. I also can't see why someone cannot do a clean room implementation of the instruction set. Some people wrote to me that it may be to do with patents on some instructions, but I wonder how valid such patents are if they describe an obvious way to do a certain thing (I have not seen the patents, so this is my speculation only). Unfortunately that regulation does not work well in practice. For example, I sent a request to Instagram for them to explain what they did with my personal data under GDPR. They sent me back a canned response and when I complained that the response does not answer my questions, they sent another canned response and from there they just completely ignore my emails. Now I understand the next step is to make a complaint to appropriate government body, but I fear if I do that my accounts will be deleted. That would be okay, but a lot of my family uses websites owned by Facebook and it means I would have difficulty contacting them. I think I shouldn't be penalised for wanting to exercise my rights. edit: The fact that Instagram can ignore GDPR requests essentially means the law is dead. Banning something never works. It only puts less able people in disadvantage. If they want to stop people from using Facebook, maybe they should invest in more transparent media and look why people prefer to use Facebook over different means of communication. If you want to ban something, it means that you assume that you know better than everyone else and that's a breeding ground for fascism. If you ban one thing, why not banning another? Power is a drug. UK had great laws geared towards mobile workforce and specialist contractors could claim business costs against their tax - this combined with little bureaucracy and use of de facto lingua franca was a recipe for success. From April next year this will end as government was looking for extra money and decided to adjust IR35 (a law that essentially says if you work as an employee you should be taxed as employee, but without having any employment rights), so that now the client has to determine whether contractor is a deemed employee or not. The problem is that the penalty for doing wrong determination only exist if you declare that someone is not a deemed employee, but investigating civil servant finds the opposite. That means risk averse companies change their contracts so that the contractor will always be deemed an employee to avoid getting fined (the fine plus all taxes that would have to be paid even if contractor already paid all the taxes). This still wouldn't be a problem if the rules about deemed employment were clear - but after so many years HMRC still keep losing cases where they get the determination wrong themselves. What this means for contractors? They essentially become employees without rights and the effective tax rate they will pay may be even around 54% plus they won't be able to deduct any business expenses (except what employee could have deducted - but that is essentially dead). Suddenly the market for IT specialists in the UK became unattractive and companies who are struggling to find people working for severe pay cut start to look overseas. edit: if you want more spice to this, then imagine that our Chancellor is married to woman that her and her father have substantial stake in Infosys. This doesn't work for high speed designs though. Probably anything over 20MHz will be difficult to make useful on a breadboard. What's weird is that I cannot see a connection between the attacks and the changes in law. Had these changes have been in place, would these have prevented the attacks? It seems like the French want to look "tough", without actually solving the problem and perhaps introducing a dash of more problems. I remember the days where social networks would have a form where you entered your email details (including password) and they would log in as you and retrieve all contacts to include in the network. I was shocked. I was more shocked that I saw people actually giving up all their details... That was like 15 years ago, so probably wouldn't fly today though. This should be improved to give more granular control - for example an app would not be allowed to leak contacts outside of the phone. I saw this as well, very sketchy. I'd rather not use a feature that requires me to give out banking details - I don't think that even is allowed in bank's T&C. Probably if a 3rd party stolen your money because you give them your details, you won't be covered. I was asked this once and I refused. I'd rather enter things manually than let someone "have a peek". To achieve truly E2E encryption one must assume the channel they communicate with is not secure and then perform encryption themselves. For example you can exchange keys offline and then send messages encrypted with PGP between each other. You could also convert encrypted messages to text, so that it is less obvious it is encrypted. Does it mean messages can be read without agreement? Let's imagine "a glitch" where operator sees that user has opt in, but they didn't - can they see messages? So is there a way to capture user's screen without user knowing and essentially bypassing the end to end encryption altogether? (the images would be sent to a different endpoint for example) While it is always interesting to read what successful company is up to, I have always been wondering what is the motivation behind ex employees writing memoirs about what was going on in the bedroom. For one, the possibility of such thing happening in the future keeps companies in check, so the company must ensure they don't do evil but also that reveals any weak points to the competition. Google is of course one of those companies that are too big to fail, but what such article would mean for a small company operating in a dog eat dog environment? > they are now banned from buying the EUV machines What is stopping them from making their own? Are they not delaying it year on year? I am pretty sure every time I read about 7nm of Intel over the years, it always says that it is just around the corner or it is delayed. I'd say the Intel 7nm doesn't exist nor is being worked on apart from slides. > so further advancements couldn’t be stolen How would you ensure the advancements couldn't be stolen? I thought we learned over the years that if hostile power wants a technology, sooner or later they will get it. The problem is that in many western cultures suffering is being regarded as a virtue and happiness as a great sin especially if achieved by using substances rather than through other actions. You can glaringly see that where people with chronic pain are denied access to medicinal cannabis, for example here in the UK. You can only receive treatment through a private medical clinic which costs hundreds and sometimes thousands per month, so it is only reserved for the wealthy. NHS says there is no evidence it works, so they will not refund any treatment and in the meantime thousands have to resort to asking gangs for supply. If it doesn't work then why people take it? Do they fake chronic pain to get high? If engineers are underpaid then why would anyone wonder they go to someone offering better terms? You won't feed your family and fulfil your dreams with patriotism. In the end who pays more wins. If China will offer better terms to key workers, then why they wouldn't go for it? I remember that Soviets built entire cities just for engineers all stocked with top food, entertainment and so on. China has resources to meet engineers' wildest dreams. What the West could do about it, confiscate passports? Chinese are definitely much smarter. It was just an example what a power can do to achieve their goals. You don't need Chinese citizenship to work in China also likely China will offer special terms to engineers willing to relocate. Drug are "evil" in the sense that they could put at risk the money interested groups make off of the prohibition. When someone says "drugs are evil", just add "to you" to reveal the true intent. Are there any data what "routinely" means? It took me a couple of years of going from doctor to doctor and being treated as one of those drug seekers to get help. It was extremely painful experience and I had to go through it just so that a drug seeker won't get drugs prescribed if they could just get them on the street with much less effort? It makes no sense to me. Has anyone used Golang for high speed trading? It seems like it hits all the sweet spots, yet it doesn't seem to be used that way. Does anyone know why? Some western countries are approaching thresholds like 45% for specialist income. For example in the UK after recent changes to IR35, an engineer will likely have to pay about 54% of tax assuming he or she gets paid market rates and the client will declare them to be deemed employees to be safe. If China could match western rates, but added tax exemptions on top, plus located the sites somewhere warm with good amenities, they could attract good people without even trying much. It's not DIY but CIY - Cobble it yourself. I wish we could see some more ambitious projects, but whenever I see a post with RPi, pretty much always, someone connected something to it and that's it. Where is PCB design, where is soldering, where is programming, where is 3D printing? "Oh someone else does it, then it must be fine". I wish people stood up against such invasive practices and maybe we should have a legislation regulating this if company greed clouds being decent. For many people staying late is a coping mechanism - they want to escape their abusive partner or mounting chores waiting to suck last breath out of their miserable lives. How good employer could tackle it? At one place I worked, there was a hard 5pm cut off and regardless what was happening people had to leave the office. Any temptation to stay late was nipped in the bud. I can imagine people would still continue working until late from home anyway. If work is an escape, people will find a way. I learned one employee would take their laptop and go to a nearby pub and work in the secluded area of the premises. He said he could do either that or end it once and for all. Didn't want to hear about therapy. Thinking for yourself means accepting the consequences of such. For some people it is easier to follow someone else's advice and then blame them if something goes wrong than making decision themselves and then trying to learn from it. It is a tough one, but if you engage critical thinking you may end up somewhere in the middle, which isn't bad. My personal theory is that determination whether a place can become a "Silicon Valley" is the population's attitude to drugs. If a developer can smoke a joint after a tough day or explore his or hers consciousness in other ways, without fear of going to jail and having their life ruined, then that attracts creative people. If you have creative people in one place, it all starts to come together. Do people genuinely don't know that they are buying fakes and the product is far from the real one or people know very well it's not an original, but they buy it because of the price and despite not being original is still good? If it's only either of those cases, then I can't see how cheese and desist type of actions would help the original producers? I mean if suddenly you cannot find clones on the market, then a person who used to buy clones would fork out more money for the real thing or bought something else within their budget? Do people really get fooled by this? For example if someone buys a "champagne" made in the UK, surely they must know this is not a real thing? And if they don't know then what difference does it make? If the real champagne is out of their budget, are they going to save money or buy something else in their price range? Exceptions tend to prove the rule... To be fair, when I started to think every day about the life I want to live it slowly started to happen. If I knew what I know now 5 years ago, I would have never believed something like this would be possible and yet here we are. Of course there are limits to anything, for example if you dream to be a commercial pilot and you are 50 now, then that's kind of too late. There should also be a ban on IP holding companies - that is the scheme where big company creates a parent company in a tax haven that holds IP and then subsidiaries pay "license fees" to effectively remove as much of taxable revenue as possible thus getting competitive advantage over companies who pay right amount of taxes and not using any "tricks". Collection of personal data should also be restricted to only serve the purpose of the product and for legal reasons. For example a company providing email service should be forbidden from selling analytics data to advertising companies or to fuel their own ad services. I can also see that companies should be required to release schematics of the products and documentation for any file formats etc. they use, so that when you save a project from a given program you should be able to convert it to another format. Companies should also be prohibited from using AI as customer services. Problem is that when your M1 cpu goes bad, you cannot buy the chip from Apple to replace it (tools to do that are fairly inexpensive now and within hobbyist reach). Something like this should be regulated - companies should be required to provide spare parts for x period of time after product phase out. Companies should be forbidden from telling suppliers to not sell spare parts to 3rd parties. We need regulation for the right to repair. Are you saying that being able to repair something independently for a consumer doesn't have value? If free market cannot solve the problem, then regulation is needed. You can see that market is moving towards non repairable single use devices or that they can be only repaired at a extortionate price by authorised repair shops. If there is no regulation, all companies will be moving into that direction chasing that extra profit and consumer will not be able to vote with their wallet if everyone does it. Your example is comparing apples to oranges. I am not saying that regulation should influence product design, but rather the producers should give access to spare parts and schematics. I agree that regulation like for A/C example isn't great. I still remember programming on paper mapping U and V pipelines to get as much done in parallel... That looks like a loophole for Apple. I wonder if soon you'll have to log in with your biometric identity document in order to use it plus always recording camera will ensure only the person who is licensed to use it, use it. Is mixing tech and religion appropriate? At least it would be worth dropping the word "advent" and just do a surprise month? The evolution seems to be like the devices are getting smaller and aim to take over as many things they user otherwise had to do as possible and once that is out of the way, the next step is to control an individual. Once individual life completely depend on the device, you can exert control over human by various means. Suddenly big tech companies will be able to tell people what to do and if they don't they'll get excluded from the "society". We need to stop this in its tracks. Tech and science used to be safe spaces free from abusive ideologies and religion is a dumpster fire of manipulation techniques designed to enslave one's mind for profit of organisations that "own" particular religion. Place of religion is in one's home or designated space that is clearly marked that "religion is happening there". Many people were not subjected to abuse from religious organisations, so they tend to dismiss such concerns and be defensive (as they are manipulated into being as such) This doesn't explain why it will benefit someone. The text is alarmingly vague. First of all shareholder income should be taxed the same way as employment income. I think (at least in my country) it is absolutely disgusting that when you draw dividends from a business you pay less tax than if you were drawing a salary. If taxation was the same across the board, then there will be no incentive for shareholders to insist on extracting the value through dividends. The next thing is that in many cases shareholders are de-facto directors in terms of influence, this means they should also share the same liabilities and responsibilities. This should be a start to make it healthier. Some people also have no choice because of their financial situation. How many people drive in cars that are not road worthy? I can imagine the anxiety going through those souls who have to use Ryanair. The contracting market will be culled from next year when IR35 changes come to play. That means people providing services as a business will not be able to claim business expenses (with some exceptions) plus they will have to draw all revenue as a salary. This makes essentially running such service pointless. They will also have to pay employee and employer's NI (without having any employment rights), that gives effective tax rate at around 54%. There will be awkward situation where engineers would work only half a year, to pay more reasonable tax or become an employee of agency. Coincidentally the share prices of Indian consultancies rocketed upon the announcement of IR35 going forward. As an architect you'll unlikely do any coding, maybe when there is a downtime and you are extremely bored. Most of this job are meetings, writing reports, passing messages, consulting developers and giving direction and resolving issues in the teams (e.g. team A wants to use framework X, team B wants to use framework Y) by creating guidance. 1000 - 2000 a day My experience with "free" healthcare is horrible. I almost died because of waiting times and incompetence and it costs so much in tax, I could pay for a quite comprehensive private insurance for the money and you most of the time end up paying privately anyway, although private healthcare is not as expensive as in the US. Tax will not make it go away, only make it more expensive to people on a budget. You gotta buy food and at some point you don't care how it is packaged as you must eat. Only fair is to ban non-degradable packaging altogether. Give companies a year or two of transitional period and then heavily fine companies not implementing the ban. It would come "from the back of the van". If there is a demand and supply vacuum (product not available at a price majority of people who wants it can afford), then you'll find brave people wanting to make extra money on the side and simply dealing these. So a new state of the art CPU is a bit faster than a 5 year old design that Intel kept milking without any significant changes? I think that sounds reassuring that there are companies still capable of innovation although I am not a fan of Apple, I admire them for getting Intel on their toes. Finally. It will be interesting to watch people trade their privacy for convenience. I just hope that Intel wakes up and give new architecture a push or maybe they'll start licensing x86 in a similar way that ARM does and we could finally get more players in the PC space. I missed this arch. It looks awesome! I wonder how the extent of this problem could be attributed to patents that are awarded not on the basis of genuine invention but rather letting profit whoever filed their findings first. It's not the first time Google sides with scammers. What comes to mind is blocking of the phone call recording API in Android. I can imagine insurance companies and various other organisations involved in from phone sales to outright scams had a "talk" with Google to have this removed from the phones as consumers had too much power. I myself got scammed by insurance company - they claimed I will get a certain option, but after I paid and got all the paperwork, there was no mention of the option I was supposed to get. Thankfully I recorded all calls with that company and only when I said I had them lying on record they changed their tune and refunded me. I am now struggling to find a new phone that can record calls as if there was a conspiracy to never talk about this feature as well. I couldn't find any review that would test if call recording is possible. These recorders usually will only capture your microphone and will not record the sound on the other side. People used to put their phone on a loudspeaker so that internal microphone would catch some audio, but that's far from ideal. It's usually people who feel sour about spending their savings on Apple product and want to justify it so hard, they'll try to shut down anyone with even a hint of criticism for that product. They just cannot feel they might be in the wrong. It's actually an effective litmus test for one's personality and you can more easily filter out your circle based on how well people take such criticism. It's probably why they have so much money. It only goes one way. They are greedy and unethical just as any other big co, what's worse about them however is that they are trying to wear that deceptive image of them being changed now and embracing open source blah blah, but it is the same greedy Micro$oft it has always been. Imagine a bad actor starting work at large corp having all confidential information up for grabs from colleagues on Teams. It is especially scary during these times where a lot of companies moved completely to working from home. Some health organisations also use Teams for group support meetings. Imagine someone being able to rummage through your documents during an appointment. That's why I keep my old Android phone and I kept postponing system update for two years now (you cannot disable update notification so this is quite annoying), as I know that update disables call recording API. I would love to upgrade, but I have no idea what's the best way to figure out if call recording works on a particular phone without having to buy it. My plan B is to replace the battery and the screen in my current phone and maybe squeeze another year or two out of it and it will be fun to learn how to do it. It's old, but is still better than e.g. Librem 5. So Zerodium claims their customers are mainly government organisations. I find it amusing and sad. Wouldn't be more efficient to just force vendors to implement backdoors? Why maintain a lie, that citizens enjoy privacy and vendors are required to keep their data safe? Why the charade? Isn't that from one of the CIA books? It's time that something like this is illegal. If you have a dating site, all the information you collect from the user should only be used for the purpose of the dating app. Using the data to feed different business should be forbidden or the user should be paid for their data and be aware who exactly will receive it and what they are going to do with it. They managed to force cannabis growers to track plants from seed to a ready product, they should force such companies to track the data so that you can know exactly who is doing what and more importantly you should be able to pull your data at any point in time. > otherwise communicate in any way your personal information to another company for monetary or other valuable consideration so technically they could share the data for a jar of horse urine? It's the same with software - you can read all the ones and zeroes and memorise them, but you cannot write them back and sell it. Imagine a human is an object and has various attributes that you can exploit. You should only be allowed to use that data for legal reasons or if it serves purpose of the product you are selling. Is there an open source phone where you can get the board done at one of the pcb huts, order parts from Mouser, 3D print the case and put everything together? You stand no chance against multi billion big corporation that can own you. It's the level of influence needed that only government can attain. The trouble is our corruption laws are so weak, you can just call it lobbying and be on your way to money town. It must be a combination of voting with your wallet and making your local politicians aware of the issues you are facing. More people put pressure the more will get done. You know if people are not doing anything, then in their mind problem is not serious. I think doctors have to ask for ID if they suspect someone is not eligible for free treatment. I know this happened for two of my friends and they had to show ID at A&E, but that was during the heat of Brexit campaign, so this could make doctors feel encouraged to do such checks. I have not heard about it for a long time now though. Out of curiosity, what kind of money we are talking about? For example checking up sprained ankle at A&E? Many of my friends being disappointed with NHS go for example to Mexico for private treatment and it works much better that doing it here, plus you can enjoy the climate and great food. I see, so it is not the kind of situation when you need to consider getting mortgage to pay off the medical bill. It was just an example. General advice I heard is that when you can't go to GP and walk-in is either too far away or closed, you can go to A&E or call 111 for instructions. You can certainly do microsoldering in $1000 area now. Not sure about BGA as I have not done those, but I can imagine an oven wouldn't cost more than $1000 as well. There are so many affordable tools available now, it is within reach to build your own phone. > Sadly we never released the game on Linux to the public. Do you know why? Linux is my primary OS and it always breaks my heart when companies decide to not support it. I am hoping that given how open some ARM archs are that now it will be within hobbyist reach to create even their own motherboard, send to one of the fabs and assemble then run full-fledged Windows on it. This looks like a dream come true! You could definitely do that now and run Linux, but given that some software doesn't exist on Linux, this is very exciting. Yes, this is still relatively expensive, but probably you could do it with less than $2000 including buying necessary tools. Beautiful essay. I know I am on autistic spectrum, but I decided to not get officially diagnosed because of the issues mentioned in the article. I fear that if I disclose autism I will limit my chances at getting jobs. I could imagine someone would have reservations putting "mentally challenged" person in charge of their data or infrastructure, despite my impeccable track record. You can get referred if you mention that you will seek legal action if they don't comply with your request. It is quite unfortunate, because NHS costs ton of money and they still live off the myth that they are the best thing in the world. If I had not used private specialists I think I would have been dead by now. One time IAPT refused to help me because they believed I will be suicidal if they continue (it makes no sense). I had to pay for private treatment, because they were useless. You can get help if you start doing subject access requests and hinting at starting legal action due to inadequate help. This is always hidden behind "cultural fit", if you get refused. Isn't that the same case as if Uber where the users uploading content should become employees? Companies should not be allowed to buy other companies unless it is absolutely essential. This is a flaw in capitalism that creates duopolies and hurts consumers. We then get companies that are too big to fail, can afford creative accounting and plethora of other not so nice things, like lobbying government to change legislation in favour of them. We also need a rule that once company goes over a certain threshold it should be split. I don't think we have ever experienced something like this before that's why there is no regulation and we can see from our experience that companies do not behave nice, so we need a law that forces them to behave. Sadly patents are mostly used to protect a _discovery_ rather than _invention_. Who finds something first gets the cake and so on. For example when I was playing with digital synthesis, it felt natural for me to modulate the phase within the grain of sample and then I learned it has been patented by Casio. Then recently I read about so called TMT technology, where company essentially patented adding tolerance to components when simulating circuits... I mean d'oh? If you want to do realistic simulation, that's one of the things to take into account, but now that it is patented, good luck. This whole thing needs to be scrapped. I would disagree. For example phase is one of the parameters of the grain, so to modulate the phase how come it an invention, but to modulate a filter cut off is not? The same tolerance is inherent part of analogue component, as it is very difficult to achieve exact value of e.g. capacitance, so components are manufactured with different levels of tolerance, so if you simply acknowledge this fact of life in your simulation how is that an invention? What stops a company to setup a shop somewhere in Asia to develop cheap knock offs of their own chargers that would cause problems like fires, to ensure customers would never buy a knock off? So far I have not heard of such thing - does it mean it's actually working quite well? The TMT I was talking about has gone through fairly recently. Please take a look https://patents.google.com/patent/US20170060527A1/en It's crazy. Guys, Orkut also seems to be down! If think ad targeting should be illegal, because if you know who is going to see your ad, you can easily manipulate them into signing up or buying the product by exploiting characteristics that person may have. But the playing field is not level. You will compete for ad space against big corps that can easily spend millions on advertising and can do much better targeting than yourself. Big spenders don't have access to the same tools you have. They use dedicated systems with more granular targeting and often have dedicated account managers that oversee the ads on particular platform. What I find crazy is that you can't just start your own payment processor. That space is gatekeeped to the extreme and it is what makes me uneasy about the whole electronic money thing. If we want to part with paper money, we should be allowed to issue our own cards tied to our own money reserves. The EU should require these operators to extract the infrastructure business part and then that new company should have to be required to accept any payment provider that meets legal requirements on the same terms as any other provider (including VISA or MC). It is the only way to bring free market to that space (someone may take that as an irony, but true free market capitalism doesn't exist, exactly for the reasons like this) > Got a popular page on Facebook? pay for it to be seen. And if you stop paying Facebook will severely limit any organic traffic to your page. That should be illegal, unfortunately it is not being viewed as something serious, meanwhile Facebook gets showered with billions extracted out of small businesses. I think this can be taken with a grain of salt, as Coroner in the UK sometimes is quirky, like that one time they recorded a person died from THC overdose ( https://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/gemma-moss-marijuana-... ) and that was then widely used to discredit any legalisation movement and make access to cannabis for patient impossible for a number of years. I can easily see this verdict is politically motivated and unlikely scientific. I wonder if there is going to be any class action suit. I had a nicely growing blog and tried to help it grow with ads. I found that the ads were not adding much benefit and I got much more people coming in just through the word of mouth. However, once I stopped paying for ads, suddenly my site was not getting search traffic as good as before and organic traffic from Facebook died as well. When people posted a link to my content on their feed, their friends would rarely see that. Then also suddenly my Ad Sense revenue would never go past a certain threshold. Then I had to close the site as I couldn't handle it financially. Of course it could be a coincidence... That's why I think capitalism needs a mechanism to prevent a scenario of "too big to fail". Companies like Facebook should never be allowed to have their Whatsaps, Instagrams and Apple should be split from Apple Store, Google Search from Ad Sense and Ad Words and Gmail and so on to ensure that there can be competition and a free market on a micro scale. For example a search engine over a certain size should be selling access to an API for displaying ads on the same terms as they would sell it to Ad Sense, so competing advertisers could also use the platform. These companies wouldn't have access to Gmail data as that would be a completely separate company and by law prohibited from sharing any personal data. I also think in general ad targeting beyond certain threshold should be illegal as it is not used for marketing, but to manipulate people into buying products they don't need or want. Ok, enough waffling... > But even they abandoned that for reasons I can't understand. The answer is if you cannot understand why something like this happened, then most likely it means money changed hands. There is a strong lobby that is milking the copyright situation and what it is to them to pay some underpaid career politicians to ensure the status quo or even squeeze it a bit more? With enough determination and skill you can manipulate any person into anything. That's why I think his sentence doesn't serve justice but it is to send a message. Awful, awful chapter of the US justice history. I like when my cat can do a gesture saying "follow me" and then when I follow, he will lead me somewhere and then point with a paw what he wants e.g. a particular treat or when something makes him happy, he will jump and meow in certain way that you can feel it means joy. He also learnt how to say "no". If he doesn't want something he will meow "neeoow", in an eerily human way. But is it just about cookies though? If they log images downloads or anything else that is essentially what tracking cookie would do and often this type of tracking is used instead of cookies. Just because they don't process this data for analytics (or do they?) it doesn't mean this automatically respects privacy, as there is always a chance this data could leak. Do they store logs? Are there any home made methods to take picture of the chips like this? What tools would you use to sand the top of the chip? What type of microscope would work? > and spread targeted disinformation using text messages and encrypted messaging apps Given there are moves to make sure end to end encrypted messengers have backdoors for authorities, isn't this kind of infomation prepared to seed association of encrypted messaging with something bad, so that in the future when there is a talk about making these apps either illegal or making sure they employ backdoors, people wouldn't be outraged? This is also to push out other advertisers out of the market. Given the glaringly obvious conflict of interest, Google should have never been allowed to create such "standard". I hope this will lead to forced break up of this company. Sometimes I used to think that the rich used to lobby governments to create more regulation, so that creating any new business in a space they have their own players would be extremely expensive and thus warrant the need of VC capital to even start. On the other hand when I see how companies abuse their position I can see that the regulation is very much needed. Now there seems to be a disconnect between how smaller businesses are regulated and how big business is essentially left to do as they please as they become too big to fail. How or what is at fault? Is it possible to have a level playing field so that smaller businesses can compete on the same level as big guys and gals? This is dangerous thinking. For example when it comes to chronic pain, there is that belief being pushed that opioids are actually a placebo and they don't help. Then people are being sentenced to a talking therapies instead. These therapies try to implant the thought that all the pain people experience is in their heads and it is not real. If only they could just stop thinking about pain, then they wouldn't need to take any pills. This is one of the reasons why people turn to dealers, if doctors start to believe this and are made afraid of prescribing anything. Also organisations who get involved in such "therapies" promote them, because that is, let's be honest, rather easy money from the public health organisations. It fits the western perception of suffering, that it is noble and virtuous. I wish this topic was explored more by investigative journalists. > They say that people taking opioids develop tolerance for them and the meds lose effectiveness over time. And this is the root of those claims. Some people even started to believe that patients fake chronic pain just to get those sweet sweet opioids. I've been taking them for over five years and I have not noticed that they lose effectiveness, nor I had to increase the dose. You do still feel pain, but the difference is between being able to function in the society and thinking about killing yourself. I've been through many of those therapies and I have seen disbelief on people faces. You can't get your life back just by thinking there is no pain or that the pain will not take it away. What they do is they get people to learn some basic thought patterns that any CBT therapy do and then sprinkle it here and there with theories about pain. This is not bad in itself, but when you marry it with the thought that opioids are unnecessary, you sentence people for unimaginable suffering, while patting yourself on the back, that you are "helping". Why there is so much love for such project where someone connected a couple of ready made things (maybe except the case) and everyone gets excited? Some people have this trait, when they see nothing is being done to help with their issue, they exaggerate or even lie to make someone in power to change things do something. Always take such stories with a grain of salt and try to verify with as many sources as possible. Pop music is extremely difficult to make although the end product looks "simple". That's why it is the richest company. In this world you are unlikely going to get rich by being honest and decent. Even if we accept that, what I find the most unjust is that (at least in my country) a shareholder will pay less tax than a worker for the same money - the money from dividends doesn't count as a regular income. Oh I wish this AI photo craze died out. I see that it may appeal to some people as a kind of "nicerising" effect, but without the context a casual viewer may take the picture as unaltered snapshot of the world. Of course the alterations are rather minute in the grand scheme of things, but if we continue looking at these taking them without context, I wonder how our perception of the world will get detached from reality? I think pictures computed by AI should be specially marked to let viewer know they don't look at the real thing. I understand that all images are processed, but AI for me is crossing the line as it is adding things that come from the trained model rather than derived from the image itself - these elements otherwise wouldn't be there regardless of lens, colour grading and so on. I have a feeling there is going to be more of that, as small businesses continue to struggle during the current situation and at one point they'll face having to shut down due to money running out and those small businesses will be up for grabs for literally peanuts. It's hard to not think about conspiracy theories. The problem is that the current downturn is artificial and wealthy people are behind the wheel, who happen to have assets to either buy the nice falling businesses or let them sink so there is less competition for their big cos. I am not saying that virus is artificial nor that is not dangerous. I am only saying that how it is being dealt with feels suspicious to me. I would love to be proven wrong as the time goes by. You know for example in some countries specific businesses are ordered to shut down, while others that operate more or less the same when it comes to people to people contact can remain open. Then you have a whole specific niches of economy left without help, but competing large big corporations connected to government get all the support (for example small IT consultancy businesses in my country don't get any help, but large consultancies do get it). Being open source it does not mean that the same code is running on their servers. and Fitbug That reminds me of this old case https://lizerbramlaw.com/2015/03/19/dont-wait-to-initiate-a-... a lot of lessons to learn from that. Can't they rename it to ABX and switch things here and there? Or get someone to do clean room implementation of ISA specification? You can't patent an API. Is there a PCIe to ISA adapter? I'd love to hack some old cards from the 80s or is there any other way to connect ISA cards to RPi? This seems like a huge gaping loophole in capitalism. I think companies should be disallowed to buy competing companies (even via proxy) and companies beyond certain threshold should by law be divided into smaller companies. It is to create barriers to entry where possible. If you are rent-seeking greedy co, then why would you give away useful knowledge, not to mention for free? Also good documentation could make you create a replacement product or have better understanding what to look for in a substitute. I think this may be some bigger market fixing situation - only big and already established corporations would get documentation preventing any competition to emerge. For example Apple is known for having part suppliers to not sell parts to third parties. I wouldn't be surprised if these type of deals but more secret existed, so that big corporations can ensure there won't be any new competition coming up, as they wouldn't have the same access to parts or documentation. I am not sure if that would be legal. Many countries have provisions against market fixing. I think that was my point. Smaller companies will not use these chips, but big co will have all the documentation they need. Can the device turn itself into automated update and then restart thus enabling adversary to listen to whatever is going on at someone's house? If the device reboots after remote update, wouldn't that enable the mic? I read that when you power on the device, mic is on by default. So that could be a way to turn on listening without consent. Imagine what Apple does to x64 to work on ARM, Intel having Altera, could do x86 translation to FPGA gates... It wouldn't take whole programs, but it could reconfigure itself to run most commonly executed routines on FPGA. It's weird that the US didn't catch up with the UK how to "solve" the "problem" of unions. You see last year we got changes to a law that is called "IR35" which essentially says that people working like employees should be taxed as employees. Nothing wrong with that - until now (I simplified this), if someone had a business of providing a service (for example bespoke software development) and if they realised their relationship with the client is of the employment in all but name, they had to declare themselves in scope of IR35 and pay the tax accordingly. Person inside IR35 has to pay all the taxes employees pay, but they don't have any employment rights (because they are not employees). And here is the genius twist - someone thought, what if the decision about the relationship is made by the client? That sounds innocent, right? Now (from April) a company can start hiring contractors instead of employees and write their contracts in a way that will make them always caught by IR35 (and declare the relationship as such). Since contractors are not protected by any employment laws, such de facto employees cannot form unions, can be hired and fired at will and don't have other protections - for example if your "employee" gets pregnant, they can be fired without consequences. Ultimately until all the loopholes are not fixed the companies will have to behave like Apple to survive (walled gardens, anti-repair agenda, data collection, Orwell's speak - e.g. touting being privacy oriented and at the same time collecting massive amount of data they don't need for other reasons than to manipulate consumers and so on). What is the purpose for such libraries other than author(s) having cool entry in their CV? These things don't create anything original and are only polluting already heavily polluted JS ecosystem. When are we going to see actually something interesting? React is nothing new - these patterns that are being used have been with us for decades. Sure you can go about programming without knowing these patterns, but looking for ways around in order to know and understand less is a dead end. If you can't understand what hooks, reducers or actions do, why not spending more time on it? Sooner or later a newbie will encounter more complex project and having themselves shielded from knowledge will likely cause them to give up. I agree with you that hooks are a menace and seem to have been introduced for the same reason - to make new developers think less. I think that backfired spectacularly, but that does not mean you should not learn it and also know why this is an anti-pattern. Unfortunately junior devs are very happy to jump on the hooks and then when you come in to fix the mess, it's just a poor show. Do all employees know about honeypots or just a select few? So if I am a professional, I am no longer good enough for Intel to buy this product? Optane gives insane compilation speed boost when you store large codebases on it. Now only big corporations will be able to get competitive advantage over smaller businesses not being able to afford enterprise deal with Intel. I think something like that should be illegal. I use SD cards daily to transfer data from cameras or different devices for further processing. It is handy to be able to just slide it in. I also have a dongle in an other laptop which works fine, but you need to be careful with these - I bought one cheaper dongle and it totally destroyed my SD card upon inserting. Unfortunately there was no backup as there was original material on it. So now I first do backup on a trusted SD card reader and then use it anywhere else. I've seen so many startups, first thing they do once they get that VC money, they move to a flashy new office, add top of the line coffee machines, craft beer on tap, fridges and catering, hire masseuse, team building coach, lease some supercars or executive cars, get some graphics designers, spend days on photo shoots praising their future product, take teams to fancy restaurants, find and fly business class to every possible conference in the tropics, meanwhile developer salaries stay the same or get cut, as company is in a "growth stage". Then people who did the most work and feel most exploited leave, they get replaced by young and energetic Udemy / boot camp taught developers and once the money gets close to run out, they get on a crunch to convince investors to pour even more money, whilst the board is thinking where to build their next house. I wonder if this was left on purpose for law enforcement or corporate spies and if there are more vulnerabilities like this. Seems like it's better to just stay with good old TC. That's interesting. I also use SD cards to transfer data from my phone (I make tons of photos). I used to do it by connecting via USB cable, but after a couple of months the USB-C port worn out and no longer works, so for me the only reasonable way to get the data out is through an SD card. I tried things like setting up network server and sending files wirelessly but that was flaky. That's very interesting. Would you not think for a moment that such mechanism could be abused? Good observation. I use cloud sporadically - for example if I have just a couple of photos and feel lazy, I send them to Google Drive and then download on my PC, but I can imagine people use it all the time thus no need to have SD cards laying around. I think as always great ideas do not account for human nature... Ironically I have seen some of those kind of start ups renting entire floors from WeWork ;-) Teams is a menace, just like IE 6.0 was. Apart from being essentially a spyware it is also chewing resources like an old locomotive, at least on Linux. It's interesting that they put so much focus on tracking, but actual usability is in dire straits. They even dared to push this crap in my Windows machine without my consent. I think the problem is that such tracking of employees is largely unregulated, so greedy execs are milking the situation while they can to stroke their egos and count those beans. Unfortunately it seems like the unions or even workers themselves are not so concerned about this. When I told my colleagues about it, they said "so what, we are tracked everywhere anyway". You could buy a small desktop mixer with two sends, so you could connect a microphone to it and choose which computer it will send voice to and also mix sound from both computers. Teams has a feature of sending questions anonymously. I have always been wondering whether the admin or the OP can see who sent questions. Out of curiosity, why were you involved in that development if Teams is so bad? I mean I'd rather wouldn't like to associate my company with such garbage. Just good old money reasons? If they hired team managers that use those metrics, do you think that their peers would know this is a bad practice? It seems like this problem widespread and nobody wants to say "we don't need this data", so yes this should come from the top. However, I fear that if a company starts to suffer, the shareholders would want to know answers and data. Would any exec have dared to say "sorry we don't have any metrics about individual employee performance"? On latest Ubuntu it is unusable. Consistently takes over 50% CPU and makes everything slow. It could also take a picture every minute and record your microphone, then have running captioning on it and stream whatever has been said in the vicinity. Fair enough, probably only way I could even consider it, is when customer wanted it - but I wouldn't advertise that... When I learned that allegedly Intel and nVidia were fixing the laptop market, I just hope that this company goes down or goes through a substantial transformation. Their current management situation is untenable. If I was a shareholder (fortunately I am no longer), I would pressure them to sack everyone involved. My view is that currently the only way for Intel to salvage themselves it to go ARM route and start licensing x86 IP and perhaps even open source some bits of tech. They are unable to sustain this tech by themselves nor with AMD anymore. It seems to me when Apple releases their new CPUs I am going to have to move to that platform in order to keep up with the competition (quicker the core, I can do calculations quicker and quicker deliver the product). Currently I am on AMD, but it is only marginally faster than M1 it seems. I think these kind of practices get regulated. There is absolutely no need for apps like Photoshop to be constantly online and spy on users. I think it should be illegal for the application to stay online if there is no legitimate need for it, I also hope that GDPR legislation will be extended to apps, as it seems they can just pull as much personal data as they like without any user control. I was looking into TSMC worth and found that they had a patent war with Global Foundries, which resolved: "On 29 October 2019, TSMC and GlobalFoundries announced a resolution to the dispute. The companies agreed to a new life-of-patents cross-license for all of their existing semiconductor patents as well as new patents to be filed by the companies in the next ten years". Isn't this some form of a loophole to fix the market? Well, that's something to debate, but I am sure this is getting out of hand. Now every application has some sort of Application Manager that requires computer to be online in order to enable access to the app (some require to be online once a week etc.) and these managers send who knows what to their servers. I think for starters it should be illegal to require user to install such managers in order to have access to their app or at very least give an option for offline authorisation. There is no reason for such apps to exist other than to spy on users.