Is it people? Abaco (the web browser shipped with Plan 9) already does what you're suggesting, using webfs and an HTML parsing library. It might be possible to replace that parsing library with a version of Webkit or Gecko ported to Plan 9 in order to achieve "modern" web standards support while sticking to 9P and such for the actual network portion of web browsing. Abaco (the browser shipped with Plan 9) has support form most of the HTML4 spec, but lacks support for things like CSS and Javascript (see: http://plan9.bell-labs.com/sources/contrib/fgb/abaco.pdf ). It might be feasible to swap out Abaco's HTML parsers and such with a "modern" rendering engine like Gecko or Webkit while retaining its webfs-based approach to navigating the world wide web. I've always figured the latter explanation - that the picture from our eyes is distorted like that, but the brain corrects the image (it also doesn't hurt that we have two eyes, where as cameras typically don't; I wonder if multi-lens cameras are also subject to that fisheye effect?). > (even if it lacked the self awareness to feel the pain of running on a 386) Now we know the real motivation behind pretty much every sci-fi storyline involving AI revolts. I saw that; it looks incredibly excessive. If the emulator runs as a Java app, is it really not enough to just download a .jar and run it on whatever OS I happen to be running on my workstation? Or are there so many custom dependencies and configuration requirements that such an approach is infeasible? They could probably shave that footprint down considerably if they didn't bloat it with an Ubuntu VM. > You almost make it sound like proprietary per default is or can be broken while open source is not, that's a bridge too far Personally, I figure it might as well be; no way to fix it. I'd rather drive a beater that I know I can fix myself (or take to a local auto shop if I can't) if it breaks down than a high-end sports car that has to be taken to the dealer for something as trivial as an oil change. No software is perfect (beyond a trivial "Hello, world!" exercise); that's why being able to look for and potentially fix flaws is important :) > The disadvantage is that it's not a nix and you loose the whole ecosystem (no Posix). In my opinion, that's probably a good thing; less baggage that has to be maintained for POSIX compatibility. Remember that Unix was originally designed for large, centralized timesharing systems. It has been adapted to the embedded realm throughout the last couple of decades, but starting from scratch to create an OS specifically for the embedded realm is ideal. > may be probably cheeper to use something like a full-blown small computer (like the rasperry-pi) with Linux on it. In some cases. In the case mentioned by the article, however, a Raspberry Pi (for example) would make for a rather large badger collar. IoT is indeed a pretty broad and vague concept right now, but it already does demand very tiny hardware with size constraints dictating available computational capacity. That's where Contiki comes in. > If you used your preferred mail client, it wouldn't be encrypted end to end. Unless you and your recipient use something like GnuPG. I find that surprising; of all the systems we're maintaining (hospital), our AS/400 is the one system that's been pretty much rock solid. I've generally been a fan of IBM's hardware. I switched from Sprint to T-Mobile a week ago. Oh well. He looks much younger - and less bearded - than I'd imagined when reading The Story of Mel countless times. This changes my whole perspective on the story; the character of Mel transitions from a scruffy and disillusioned veteran to something of a youthful and rebellious hotshot. Thanks for the Librazette link and photo; that's awesome. > Requiere truly talent to do a hard-to-understand mess in python, and in that case, is very likely the code was made by a good developer ;) Last I checked, the whole "if it was hard for me to write, it should be hard for others to understand" was still a mockery, not a seriously-interpreted excuse. It ignores the fact that the programmer's future self will eventually need to maintain that code. The developer might have skill, but one who writes unmaintainable messes as anything other than a Perl-golf-style mental exercise probably lacks wisdom. :) And when it comes to a "book for that language", Programming Perl really does take the cake. If you don't enjoy Perl code that looks like a cartoonish string of censored profanities, you could always try including 'use English' in your program, which aliases more descriptive names to all those punctuation-mark special variables. See here: http://perldoc.perl.org/English.html The idea behind Perl being designed akin to a natural language isn't for its ease of learning, per se, but for its ease of expressiveness. English is probably significantly harder to learn than Python, for example, yet it's likely much easier to write a novel in the former than it is to write one in the latter. I hope so, too. Whatever the case, I've noticed far better reception with T-Mobile than I've ever had with Sprint (and this is way up in the Sierras, up near Tahoe; good cell reception is pretty much unheard of up here), plus I'm paying $20 less than what I was for Sprint even with the phone payments factored in, so I'm pretty happy with the switch, too. Haven't tried international roaming (I've never left the continental U.S.), but having that available makes me less nervous about being able to get in touch with someone if I'm abroad. I'll take this to mean that we should just fire our CEO and not have to worry about problems ever again. ;) rimshot It's like a doctor saying that he can't stop my kidneys from spontaneously dissolving within my body because human anatomy is "too complex". I wouldn't be nearly as averse to mass surveillance if the folks conducting it and holding my personal data didn't have the mental capacity of a goddamn pineapple. Depends on the jurisdiction. The site is based in Canada (at least according to the TLD), which doesn't classify it as a controlled substance. The U.S., however, does classify it as such and therefore disallows importation unless you have a prescription. Interestingly, adrafinil is completely unregulated in the U.S. (IIRC), and is sufficiently-closely related to modafinil that it basically has the same effects. By that same logic, though, teachers are then protected from being fired for reading from the Bible, or teaching creationism, or teaching abstinence-only birth control, or covering a topic like vaccination or astrophysics in any way other than demonization. Tenure isn't the appropriate approach here. Enforcing Constitutional law - like separation of church and state - is far more useful to actually achieve the desired results. If teachers are being fired for teaching actual fact, then they need to be bringing that to the legal system and turn it into a Supreme Court case. This whole "it protects secular teachers" argument is a silly justification for the negative impact California's tenure-fetish has had on students and younger teachers. That's true; he's probably a proto-scruffy-bearded hacker in that photo. I'd be interested to see him 10 years later; he'd probably put Thompson and Ritchie to shame in terms of beard mass. ;) I think you're mixing up my points. The Constitutional concern doesn't lie with tenure itself; enforcement of the Constitution would replace this rather far-fetched excuse for maintaining tenure as some holy trait. The legal system already exists to help teachers in cases where they're punished for teaching science instead of religion in government-funded institutions, since doing so already runs afoul of the establishment clause; a tenure system doesn't really add much, and (in my own observations at least) only seems to benefit veteran teachers at the expense of students and newer teachers. If it's unofficial, then there's not much to be worried about. Do your job and you'll be fine. I honestly don't think tenure is more effective than actual legal enforcement, namely because tenure isn't really effective for that purpose at all , especially when we're considering that the older teachers - the ones who benefit from tenure - are the ones who are probably in support of such pressure, which is more likely directed at the younger teachers, relatively fresh from college, who want their students to learn about the proper science they learned about in school but are afraid to do so when their paychecks are on the line. Since when was Belmont (in the Bay Area) part of the "valley"? Unless you're talking about something other than the Central Valley, that is... I grew up in NorCal, too; that was the opposite impression I got. Most of the teachers I had were relatively young, and hadn't been teaching for a very long time; my conversations with them - especially in high school - frequently included mentions of how often they'd be pink-slipped because the teachers' union - dominated by veteran, tenured teachers - would elect for pay raises instead of hiring more teachers. This meant growing class sizes, and the veteran teachers knew it . We were certainly taught about the environment, how biodiversity is a good thing, etc., but I was hard-pressed to find a teacher that actually agreed with the teachers' union, and unions in general were typically portrayed in a neutral light at best. Indeed; modafinil has quite a few side effects, at least according to a quick Wikipedia check ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modafinil#Adverse_effects ) (and while Wikipedia isn't the most reliable source, at least they bothered to cite their claims, so I'm more likely to trust that then some unfinished marketing site). I hate stacked charts, period. I would much prefer a line graph - and with absolute values rather than percentages. > And Windows? http://code.google.com/p/zfs-win/ Beggars can't be choosers ;) Windows is notorious for supporting fewer filesystems than its Unix-like peers; I'm not sure why you seem surprised that ZFS would be an exception. It's the best that's available for it right now; if that's not helpful, I'm not really sure what is. That is, unless you were expecting me to write a Windows ZFS driver with read/write capabilities myself and provide a link to that ;) Huh; that's actually a better deal in many cases than my existing virtual servers. Thanks for that recommendation; I'll keep my eye on that. That's pretty awesome. Memristors are very promising for creating fast, high-density, non-volatile storage, and it's good to see that HP's seeing that in the midst of the solid-state flash memory craze and working on commercial applications for them. What's also awesome is that - according to the article - HP plans on open-sourcing its custom "Machine OS"; rather refreshing coming from a company that's traditionally released its own operating systems under non-free licenses. I'm not normally a fan of HP (aside from their printers), but seeing them go after this kind of stuff is certainly exciting. And this is all especially true if we start seeing memristor arrays replacing flash chips in mobile devices; at that point, the few GB it would take to store a worldwide transportation map would be pocket change. Hell, in most of my documents I'm hard-pressed to find a use for more than 5 packages, let alone 50. My résumé isn't using any packages at all right now; it's just using vanilla LaTeX, since I think that looks nice enough and it's easy enough to manage. Never heard about Deezer before. Sounds like a good deal, but apparently it's not available in the United States, and I really don't feel like fiddling with proxies in order to bypass that. Interesting. While I'm finding albums and artists to be a bit scarce, the ones I've been testing (so far Barenaked Ladies and the Crash Test Dummies) haven't had that issue of only some songs being free. I like the idea, but it seems to be poorly executed with the absolutely-dismal selection of Prime-eligible music. Good albums missing, good songs missing, even entire artists missing (even ones that were at one point pretty mainstream; Sublime, for example). Amusingly, when searching for "Let It Go", I ended up with virtually every song titled "Let It Go" that's not sung by Idina Menzel (speaking of which, the only Idina Menzel songs available are from Glee, and there are a whole two of them that are actually sung by Idina Menzel). Disney's probably to blame for that one, but still. I'm sure this is would be pretty cool, but I can't help but instinctively close it because the layout, colors, etc. look so much like that of a turn-of-the-millennium site to buy fake "male enhancement" pills from some guy's basement in Kazakhstan. Is it ever a good time to buy a house in San Francisco? It's cheaper to buy a house in Sacramento instead and pay for the gas and/or transit fares required to commute. Well considering that's around $16.7 million, I'm not surprised. What's more amusing is that the auction is "cash only". Are there non-plastic alternatives on the books? I'm all for protecting nature, but these microbeads are useful as an abrasive element (meaning more thorough cleaning). Maybe sterilized sand? *person Nah, I'd rather he not be hanging out on my eventual lunar real estate ;) And they say CPU mining isn't profitable. :) I can't wait until someone builds a working ManHack. Only a matter of time at this rate. Ah, missed that. Pretty cool. It was a serious question, and it received many excellent answers. Yours was not among them. Abrasive elements are commonplace in soaps for auto shops and other places where most conventional soaps have a hard time with the gunk accumulated from automotive grease and such. The particulates help to actually scrape off that gunk (in a manner that doesn't cause skin injuries), rather than rely on the hope that soap's chemical properties alone will suffice. > most proponents of reclassification haven't thought through all the implications of that proposal Sure, but that assumes that all those implications are actually relevant. > but how does he explain the fact that VOIP services are required to contribute to USF? Isn't VOIP just content too? Not quite. If that VoIP service an actual phone number (i.e. one that could be called from within a traditional "copper" phone network), then (from what I understand) it acts as a provider of a phone network. Both Skype and Google Voice offer that functionality, so they're subject to USF fees. IANAL, so that should be taken with a grain of salt; that's just my understanding of that particular corner case. Huge plus for me :) I already live in a place with sub-freezing temperatures half the year or more. Absolutely love it. Speak for yourself; that sounds quite lovely. What's the definition of "ordinary PC" being used? Not finding an answer to that in the article, which makes it difficult to get an idea of what the researchers are comparing this thing to. So is that a brand-new Dell XPS machine? Is that my aging-not-too-well Compaq Presario 1210 with a Pentium? Is that a Macbook Air? Is that one of Oracle's $200,000 M-series servers? Is that some beige-box piece of junk that the researchers found in their neighbor's backyard? The category "personal computers which do not exploit quantum-mechanical principles of computation" is so mind-bogglingly vast that such a description alone is hardly useful. If your goal is to use Linux for audio production (or some other use case where JACK would be necessary), it helps to use a distro like Musix or Ubuntu Studio that already takes care of that "get running" part for you. JACK is pretty complex, but infinitely useful; one of those things I end up installing long before I decide I actually need it. Plus there's that NeverWet stuff Rustoleum sells now; according to their marketing materials, it actually qualifies as superhydrophobic (i.e. in the same ballpark as the article's leaf): http://www.neverwet.com/product-characteristics.php > Or that operating systems should be built specifically to suppport java installation? Not even "specifically"; these updating woes rarely exist on platforms where you have a proper package manager (be it APT or YUM or Zypper or Pacman or Homebrew or whatever). Software devs shouldn't have to worry about writing updaters, since updating should be handled by the OS. > I'm not sure why every language needs to be useful as a scripting tool. "Easy things should be easy, and hard things should be possible." -- Larry Wall One of the reasons why I switched from Java to Perl. I didn't feel that easy things were easy in Java, and I don't run into enough hard problems on a daily basis to justify the verbosity and masochism involved. Yep; I'd rather just have Perl5 on Parrot than have to relearn Perl. Not to mention that the O'Reilly book for Perl6+Parrot doesn't have a parrot, or even a camel. Deal-breaker right there ;) I'm not tired of it at all. Programming ain't free, and if anyone could use some funding, it's them. I mean, it's not like Apple's going out of their way to make Aqua work on non-OSX unixen, or systemd's going out of its way to work on non-Linux unixen. Just like how those rely on features of their host platforms, LibreSSL currently relies heavily on OpenBSD-specific security features in the kernel and userland, and it'll take quite a bit more effort to port that to other platforms in a secure and correct way. Now granted, I'm an OpenBSD user, so my opinion on this is biased. However, it's the same opinion that many Linux-specific or BSD-specific or OSX-specific or Solaris-specific or Windows-specific or VMS-specific or MULTICS-specific or what-have-you-specific projects seem to already have: focus on your primary target(s), then help with porting efforts to secondary targets when it works well on the primaries. Android already uses the OpenBSD libc (IIRC), so it's not inconceivable that they'll eventually do the same thing with libssl and switch to the OpenBSD implementation. What's great about this, though, is that Google's contributions are potentially helpful in LibreSSL's eventual cross-platform porting efforts; their willingness to adopt the ISC license for their contributions is already a promising sign of that collaborative potential. At least it's not Comic Sans as the OpenBSD/LibreSSL folks opted for ;) Amen. IDEs tend to be far too heavy for me, and simple text editors are my preference because of that. That said, Geany is worth mentioning. Not very fancy or feature-rich, but it gets the job done without feeling like I'm teaching a sumo wrestler to ride a skateboard. "It's like WINE, but it runs in your browser and at a whole 1/10 native speed!" The site mentioned in the article (alyxandria.org) is flagged by my company's filter/proxy (IronPort) as being a potential malware site because "IP address is either verified as a bot or has misconfigured DNS." Perhaps this accreditation organization should check its DNS records? It says in the second sentence of the announcement that it was a "20 percent project" - basically, it was started by one or more Google engineers as a side project and developed into a full-fledged attempt to create a Google-based social networking site. I'm hopeful for that, too. Many of the qualms with the preliminary libressl ports revolve around (IIRC) the lack of exploit mitigation features in the operating systems being ported to; perhaps a proper port would be yet another encouragement for those features to be implemented in non-OpenBSD unixen (given that - from what I understand - both FreeBSD and Linux already have the code to support those features, and just need them to be enabled)? That's unfortunate. I try to keep my code (no matter what language, Perl included) as readable and tidy as possible for the sake of those reading the code in the future (myself included). While creatively stringing an incomprehensible stream of punctuation marks into a usable program is fun, I'm with you in agreeing that such coding styles should be avoided in anything that's not a one-off mental exercise. That said, too much verbosity can introduce the same problem of unreadability by making important things harder to identify. There's an important balance between verbosity and terseness that should always be considered. It's also a couple of months old. Give it a year's time (or half that, even) and that possibility of a proper non-OpenBSD *nix port will be that much more likely. They tend to go hand-in-hand, though. We need to start working toward a generic plugin for word replacement so that I can merge this with my existing s/cloud/butt and s/keyboard/leopard substitutions. It's still pretty tied to Google; the routine reminders to "sign in with your Google account!" are one aspect of that. That said, it's still pretty open as well, and being FOSS, it's certainly doable for there to be a fork (if there isn't one already) that strips out everything Google-related. But I already have "cloud" mapped to "butt". I'm conflicted now. > Not sure what I would do with such a typeface! WHAT DO YOU MEAN? WHO DOESN'T LOVE ALLCAPS? I DON'T NEED NUMBERS, EITHER. X EQUALS FIVE MILLION ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY SEVEN THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED NINETY NINE POINT ONE FIVE FIVE SIX THREE. SEE? IT'S LIKE I'M WRITING IN COBOL. THIS IS FUN. That's actually a surprisingly-good-looking font. > And partway through the meeting, a shareholder puts simply: "I do not understand video games and I even feel angry because, at Nintendo’s shareholders’ meetings, the shareholders always discuss things relating to video games or such childish topics as 'what the future of video games should be,'..." You're a shareholder of a video game company, and you're wondering why they're talking about video games? Seriously ? It's the least they can do after that show was so rudely cancelled. Looks nice (and this is coming from someone who's pretty weary of the "hey let's put the whole world on npm" attitude). Seems to be a pretty decently-thought-out structure; after converting to YAML (my preference), it's pretty straightforward to work with. Some comments: - I found it a bit odd that 'resume init' only prompted for firstName and personal email; a more complete wizard would be useful. I suppose it wouldn't be hard to create a third-party "JSON resume generator" app with a nice friendly pretty interface for this (it is just JSON, after all). - As mentioned in other comments, the "firstName" and "lastName" fields make excessive assumptions about the user's native/preferred naming convention. - The schema only provides for a "blog" element in the "websites" array. More options would be appreciated, since not every personal website is a blog. Alternately (if the intent is really for only one website entry), providing a scalar/string "website" element would be more to-the-point. - As someone who prefers YAML (it looks so much nicer), built-in support for YAML JSON conversion would be awesome for me (i.e. be able to export to / import from YAML). For now I'm fine with using yaml2json/json2yaml, but such import/export functionality would be awesome. Perhaps a command-line switch for exporting (i.e. "resume init --yaml")? Alternately... - On the above note, would it be possible to make "resume init" output to STDOUT instead of directly to a file? That way, it would be simple to run "resume init | json2yaml > resume.yaml" (for example). Same here. And even if that amount of commenting isn't necessary, I'll take excessive commenting over insufficient commenting any day. badum TSSH No, I'm thinking of Chromium. I use Chromium rather regularly. Last I checked, the various prompts for me to log in with my Google account when starting up a fresh install of Chromium aren't my hallucinations. In those cases, the elements of the full name of the country in question are each common nouns rather than proper nouns. Thus, " The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics" is more useful/appropriate than "Union of Soviet Socialist Republics" because without the "The", it's not clear that the name describes a unique entity rather than a generic union of soviets. The issue, though, is when restaurants, grocers, etc. mistake a legitimate medical condition with a trendy fad diet and not take one's gluten-free requirements seriously (e.g. not paying attention to sources of gluten cross-contamination, or not paying attention to which ingredients actually have gluten). They should be erring on the safe side and assuming that all requests for gluten-free are due to a medical condition requiring it, but when the number of gluten-free fad dieters vastly exceeds the number of people who actually need a gluten-free diet, the likelihood of safe-side erring decreases without some other reason (like stronger requirements for "gluten-free" foods, including both ingredient and preparation standards). That's because "the food industry" is a ridiculously-nebulous term, kind of like "terrorism". It's vague to the point of being misleading, since it ends up including big and small players alike without further qualification (and at that point, you might as well be picking a more descriptive term). It is a true statement, though. Water does have chemicals in it. So does your totally-organic no-sugar-added Chia Cherry Lime Naked smoothie (one of which I just drank, actually; they're quite yummy, albeit a bit overpriced). So does literally everything anyone has ever come in contact with. The whole world is chemicals. This whole "chemical free" mantra should be nonsensical to anyone who has even cursory understanding of chemistry. What's even more amusing about that remark is that - as of MINIX3, at least - MINIX has in fact adopted the NetBSD userland. I was agreeing with - and expanding upon - your comment. :) It's incredibly satisfying to do that repeatedly, nesting Firefox inside Firefox inside Firefox and so on until you can't paste a URL in anymore. Interestingly, though, the new menu introduced with Australis doesn't appear to be functional unless it's in the top-level window; the menu buttons in nested windows don't seem to do anything. Next step: kernel programming in Javascript. I've generally found the opposite to be true; Chrome/Chromium have lately been slow as heck and buggy for me on the majority of the computers I've used, whereas Firefox has been less so (but still slow as heck and buggy). Really, every browser is slow as heck and buggy, so to each his own ;) Transparency is a dependency of trust. The "well-funded proprietary counterparts" are non-transparent (per the definition of "proprietary software"), and therefore are untrustworthy. > First of all, what is that shiny gold motherboard [0] on the front page? It's the ASUS Z87 Deluxe ( http://www.asus.com/Motherboards/Z87DELUXE/ ) Quick nitpick: all the links on the bottom (with the exception of the "Code by Shawn" link) appear to be non-operational. A rather dark one if "PINBALL GAME" could be interpreted as describing the expected outcome of a lunar landing ;) I've seen a couple lists that include argument from fallacy [0] or some derivative thereof, which I love to refer to when folks try and use the presence of logical fallacies alone to discredit or otherwise reject a conclusion that might be otherwise valid (often in ignorance of other, non-fallacious arguments). I remember in high school when we were learning about logical fallacies in an English course and subsequently had a class debate about some subject (don't remember what it was). I was one of the two judges, and the teacher assigned two more students to "watch out for logical fallacies". The entire debate devolved into half-baked accusations of logical fallacy ( especially accusations of false analogies for literally every analogy presented, regardless of whether or not the analogy was actually valid). It was at that point I figured out that sitting on one's haunches and whining that every argument is a logical fallacy does not an argument make. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argument_from_fallacy COBOLScript. What could go wrong? > It's not the first MSFT source base hosted on GitHub It is , however, the only repo under the "Microsoft" GitHub user AFAICT ( https://github.com/Microsoft ). > and the only two ways to turn it off involve going into about:config, which most people don't even know exists. There's a third way according to the feature's development documentation [0]: uncheck "Options"/"Preferences" -> "Security" -> "Block reported attack sites". [0]: https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Features/Application_Reput... It's also checked against a remote one unless you either disable the feature entirely or set "browser.safebrowsing.appRepURL" in about:config to an empty string. I love how the article's closing remark is about releasing source-code, yet the entire rest of the article talks about a closed-source and proprietary program. ;) Pretty cool idea, though. I reckon this is doable with something like mitmproxy[0], which is open-source, and it would certainly be interesting to poke around in some of these hidden APIs. > Take an example: How many of you have Apple laptops? Is the operating system open for you? No, but what was it originally built on? The BSD operating system which was open source. But BSD was licensed under its own license which didn't require derivative works to be open, so Apple could take it, modify it, add their own stuff and keep it completely for themselves. Apparently this guy doesn't realize that a good chunk of OS X actually did continue to be released under FOSS licenses. It's basically Darwin[0] (which in turn contains XNU[1]), plus some closed-source userland stuff and libraries in order to make it pretty. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darwin_%28operating_system%29 [1]: http://osxbook.com/book/bonus/ancient/whatismacosx/arch_xnu.... You can't have a full-blown Mac OS, true, but you can have a pretty good chunk of it. It's enough to be a good starting point for entirely-FOSS implementations like PureDarwin. Basically, from the open-source components alone, you have a kernel (XNU), userland (based on FreeBSD), init system (launchd), print server (CUPS), and X11 support, among various other things. One of the key missing pieces is Cocoa, along with the other miscellaneous pieces accompanying it in the transition from NeXTSTEP/OpenStep to OS X. However, much of it is implemented already by GNUStep, and while GNUStep isn't advertised as being binary-compatible with Cocoa, it is advertised as being source -compatible, and therefore still useful (with XNU and the BSD-based userland, I wouldn't be surprised if binary-compatibility could be achieved, but I don't think the GNU devs are prioritizing that right now). The other significant missing piece is Aqua/Quartz. Quartz is replaceable with X11 or Wayland, and Aqua can likely be replaced by X11 WMs / Wayland compositors with good theme support. Given the sheer number of Aqua lookalike themes floating around for the major DEs/WMs, that's probably not a big problem (not to mention DEs like Étoilé that are designed specifically to mimic OS X; Étoilé in particular is designed to integrate well with GNUStep). > between the Intel cards I've always been using That's probably a big part of the issue; my experience with Intel wireless on Linux hasn't been as great as with, say, Atheros chipsets. Plus, NetworkManager. Good God is that terrible. To put it in perspective: on one of my laptops (a PowerBook G4 running OpenBSD), I basically run the following by hand to connect to a wireless network: sudo ifconfig bwi0 nwid $MY_SSID sudo ifconfig wpa sudo ifconfig wpakey $MY_WPA_KEY sudo dhclient bwi0 Even that - on a crappy Broadcom wireless NIC, no less - is faster and more reliable than NetworkManager connecting with a good Atheros card. It's for this reason that I love openSUSE - or, more specifically, YaST. Thanks to YaST, you don't have to worry about all the crap that goes with getting a service to run and be configured properly. I have a good number of servers and desktops running openSUSE, and only once have I had to manually edit a configuration file (in order to work around some obscure DBus glitch on a coworker's personal desktop); everything else has been manageable with YaST alone. That's strange, since GNU/Linux and OS X both (last I checked) use CUPS for printing. That said, it really depends on what printer(s) you buy. I've had wonderful experiences with HP printers, and tend to recommend them. Brother, Konica Minolta, and Epson printers work reasonably well with some tinkering and research in my experience. Canon? Godspeed ;) Depends on the programs you use, and whether or not you're running a full DE or a bare WM. Most programs use Ctrl+X/C/V, Shift+Delete/Shift+Insert/Control+Insert, and/or highlight/middle-click in various unpredictable combinations. I've found this to be less of a problem in modern desktop environments (especially KDE, in my experience), since most DEs nowadays feature their own clipboard/buffer management. The sluggishness, in my experience, depends on several factors: * Which toolkit is used (if any). Tk-based apps seem to be very quick, since Tk is pretty spartan and basic. GTK-based apps are okay. QT apps aren't quite as OK. Pure-X apps are zippy, but they're ugly as heck. * Which WM/DE you're using. GNOME3 and its relatives (Cinnamon, Unity?) are sluggish as heck. KDE and GNOME2/MATE are much more tolerable, with or without desktop effects. (Open|Black|Flux)box are zippy, as are cwm, Emerillon, WindowManager, and virtually all of the tiling WMs. Enlightenment is zippy sometimes, but I don't think I've ever managed to get it to run without crashing back to a login screen within 5 minutes of use. One curious thing I've noticed is that system resources have absolutely no bearing on UI zippiness. Whether I'm on a PowerBook with 512MB of RAM or a gaming rig with some Intel Core i9-867-5309-Quakemaster-Ludicrous-Gibs-Edition-whatever and terabytes of RAM with some NVidia GeFarce GTXXX 5-million-CUDA-core 8GB SLI monstrosity of a video card with hardware-accelerated 3D grass rendering, GNOME will always act like it's running on a God-damn ENIAC. That 98% figure is caused primarily by users disabling the default-enabled restrictions on third-party non-Play-Store apps, and particularly in the pirated app space. Also, s/week/weak/ I feel dirty for having read such blasphemy. :P Having read the various slides on why libressl is deemed necessary, it makes quite a bit of sense. A large chunk of OpenSSL's API has no business existing in the first place, let alone in a public scope, because said chunk consists mostly of redundant and half-baked implementations of things that exist in the operating system and/or external libraries. OpenSSL took a rather strange approach of "hey, $some_obscure_operating_system doesn't provide $some_critical_system_function, so let's implement it ourselves and activate it for every single platform that OpenSSL is used on regardless of whether or not there's an existing equivalent ". In many cases, these sorts of shenanigans are the source of various bugs or - just as horribly - the reason why so many bugs had been undetectable via stricter memory access requirements and debugging techniques (the latter being what's referred to when the phrase "exploit mitigation countermeasure" is used in the context of OpenSSL). Ted could probably be a bit more helpful by providing a link to the "fucking stupid[ity]" that is OpenSSL's bass-ackwards API, but most of this is already explained in prior announcements about libressl's improvements/development and such, so it's understandable why he didn't feel the need to provide links for context. > Does it comply with HIPPA? If they can't be arsed to spell-check "HIPAA", I'm not entirely convinced that I should be trusting them to maintain HIPAA compliance if I decide to send them drives that potentially contain patient data. That is, unless they're instead shouting about complying with sand crabs, though I'm still concerned in either case. > The easiest way to destroy your hard drive. You mean other than nuking it with DBAN or shred and then taking a hammer to it and/or burning it in a fire? > Same methods, machines and processes used by banks and recommended by the NSA Yeah, because banks and the NSA are obviously bastions of trustworthiness. > Place the sealed box in any UPS dropbox or schedule a free pick-up. This seems to be a rather significant point of potential failure. While I certainly like UPS better than the USPS (or - God forbid - FedEx), I'm not inclined to go with this approach rather than take drives to a local data destruction facility and/or destroy them myself. If you're going to send me a box, it had damn well better be one with a good locking mechanism and some measure of tamper resistance and/or evidence. Even that's not surefire, but it's sure as hell better than "here's a cardboard box; trust us, it's secure enough". The idea's cute and creative, but when it comes to things like EHRs and such that require absolute confidentiality and security to a degree that would make top-notch military agencies and veteran cryptonerds blush, neither "cute" nor "creative" are good selling points. Thanks for the prompt response. > DBAN is not physical destruction, which is what we do. We do it this way because it's the only way to guarantee that your data will disappear, forever. Hence the second part of that comment. I mentioned DBAN (or any means of overwriting with randomness and/or zeroes) because it clears the data and further minimizes opportunities for recovery should a shard (or whole drive) escape before being destroyed. It's just like why your company degausses first; it's an extra level of protection and assurance that the data is gone forever. > Taking a hammer to the drive, disassembling it and burning it might do the trick. We're not here to serve hardcore DIYers, we're here to serve people that need a guaranteed, quick and inexpensive service that does it for them. Throwing drive platters in a fireplace sounds pretty guaranteed, quick, and inexpensive to me. Just costs firewood and a willingness to see pretty colors in your living room :) > Having said that, I'm by now certain that the NSA wording will be changed. Just seeing those words makes people uncomfortable, and after a lot of feedback it seems that it's doing our company a disservice. That's certainly a good idea. If you want to reference a government agency that isn't notorious for doing whatever it can to circumvent data destruction as part of the reason it exists, might I recommend NIST, whose guidelines are the ones that the Department of Defense, HIPAA, etc. use for data retention/destruction requirements? While I'm not necessarily trusting of any government agency on a personal level, there are plenty of hospitals and other medical facilities that follow HIPAA, HITECH, etc. to the letter and will feel better that you're actually paying attention to the requirements HIPAA bases its own from. > You can also schedule a free pickup or drop it off yourself at any of their facilities. That solves the problem of the drop box, yes, but that wasn't what I was talking about. As much as I like UPS, it's not impossible for them to misplace a package during transit, for example, nor is it for a rogue UPS guy to snatch the hard drives during transit and sell them to identity thieves / business competitors / the NSA / etc. That's a huge problem when a drive contains ePHI or trade secrets or something else requiring absolute confidentiality. The hospital I happen to work for right now (and whose data destruction policy I've had a hand in influencing by recommending our recent policy of wiping and destroying drives that may contain ePHI) handles the physical destruction through a local company which gives us a bunch of locked dropboxes (for hard drives and paper documents, both of which frequently contain PHI) and picks them up routinely and frequently, transporting everything themselves. While that degree of service might be out of your current capacity (I haven't the slightest idea what your expansion potential and/or willingness to buy some vans are), I do recommend allowing local businesses to drop off media at your facility directly (or otherwise providing a drop-off location that you control yourself) in order to avoid the potential hassles of damage control that would arise should their hard-drive-in-a-box disappear or be tampered with somewhere between their companies/homes and your own. > In conclusion, thanks for taking the time to detail your pain points. We shouldn't be leaving so many unanswered questions, our messaging should be clearer and leave nothing to doubt. I'll take all of your feedback, along with the rest that I've gotten today, and improve our message and service. Good to hear. I really do like the idea; it just needs these seemingly-little-snags (among others that other folks commented on) worked out, since such snags - no matter how seemingly minor - are often the difference between proper security and potential data leaks. Nice to know you're taking it all to heart and at least interested in making your service as rock-solid as it can possibly be. > The interceptor would be breaking several laws. The interceptor is already breaking a whole bunch of laws regardless. I don't think "oh no, intercepting this hard drive would be illegal! I should find another way to steal this person's data and illegally use it for my own personal gain." is going to even be an afterthought to such an entity, let alone a dealbreaker. > Even if you aside that breaking the law is not a problem for them, there are far easier and less expensive ways to access your data. Like accessing it through your internet connection or breaking into your house. Unless your interceptor happens to be a disgruntled UPS employee who managed to score the route delivering the packages to your facility, in which case he/she has managed to land the easiest data theft opportunity ever. Wait, the site already says you're using UPS for this. Is that a typo (like the HIPAA one I pointed out earlier)? If it's a typo, then I guess there's another stumbling block until you do eventually offer UPS... > data extraction after formatting That's not what DBAN is. In order to recover data from an overwritten drive, you'd need to remove the platters and run them through specialized laboratory equipment - often running upwards of hundreds of thousands of dollars or more - in the hopes of finding residual evidence of the previous data. This isn't even close to surefire with modern hard drives. You're correct about SSDs, and are correct that physical destruction is the only absolute guarantee. However, it's disingenuous to imply that formatting and overwriting are equivalent (that's far from accurate), and for most consumers and even small businesses, they're dealing with a level of security that - per NIST standards - is sufficiently handled with overwriting alone. Do that, and I'll be much more comfortable with the idea of recommending your service, since it helps to alleviate the issues of things being lost/stolen during transit. That would be a viable medical reason, and could probably be exempted with a doctor's note or some other documentation of a medical condition (at least it should be). That's not comparable to deliberately denying otherwise-healthy children the means to stay healthy and not die of horrible and easily preventable diseases. Seems to be down ("The connection to www.aptible.com was interrupted while the page was loading."). Synopsis? > Already removed the NSA wording. It's amazing how many people it spooked. Much obliged. > Offering some sort of en-route layer to our product seems likely. There will always be a weakest link when it comes to data security (proving your social for some, your data being stored in the cloud for others, etc.) and the fact that you're shipping the drive to us is ours. We'll work on making this as much as a non-issue as the business model allows. Fair enough. Being aware of the potential security hazards involved is a vital first step for security assessment in any scenario, so it's good that you're open to that criticism and willing to investigate ways to alleviate it. > The service that your hospital has is exactly what big corporations can afford. We're filling a gap for companies that are not there yet. We're not really a big corporation, though. We're a little hospital in a mountain town with maybe 5,000 people in it, tops. We still shell out the big bucks for data security because we're well aware that it's cheap compared to a HIPAA breach. > Shoot me an email at alex@destroyer.io with your address and I'll send a Destroyer.io sticker your way (if you trust me with your address :). The feedback here has been great, and the goal is to offer a service that makes everyone feel safe, this thread definitely pushes us in that direction. Done. :) > You get lured in [?] with images of the lone hacker building a billion dollar [?] website overnight in his dorm and hear about the excitement of building a new product or even embarking on a new project for a client. > It was thought that business could just hire 75% of their staff offshore for a third of the price and use that as downward price pressure in the domestic market. > Either way you're down a dev and probably not sure why. Corrections are emphasized. It's worth mentioning that - in addition to the ending list of things that programmers/developers/etc. should do to make themselves look professional - proper spelling and grammar is absolutely vital . When writing a commentary about how programmers deserve respect, having spelling/homophone errors detracts from that argument. It does when the "insight" is about respect for programmers and professional conduct. Frequent spelling and grammar errors do not convey a professional, respectable impression. I'm on Windows 7 at the moment using Firefox (is anyone really using Windows XP and reading Hacker News at this point? ;) ). Maybe it's because I'm behind a corporate proxy at the moment; I'll try again at home (on a Linux desktop, also with Firefox). Is this supposed to be a parody of "responsive" Javascript-intensive web design? Because as much as I know Hacker News likes to get off on ridiculously-large pictures and text with fancy scrolling and over-engineered Javascript preloaders for what could have been accomplished perfectly fine with plain HTML and CSS, this is a little much. I like the idea. I really do. I think it's touching that you want to preserve these snippets of your grandfather's memory. That enjoyment is quickly overshadowed by this page demonstrating everything I hate about the current "responsive" "disruptive" "Valley" "mobile" fetish: * It shouldn't take 30 seconds or more to load some pictures and text in an HTML document. Additionally, I shouldn't be sitting there the entire damn time watching some little animation spin around while it struggles to load. * I really don't need an ugly 900pt font in order to read your homepage. While your grandpa might have poor vision that warrants that, I don't. I'd reckon the vast majority of your site's viewers would be fine with your run-of-the-mill 12pt font; people with visual impairment typically have other accessibility tools at their disposal. * I really shouldn't have to scroll down a whole page for every single goddamn sentence on the homepage. * The fancy "hover over this part to bring up a menu" is buggy because it overlaps with the "hover over this part to bring up an arrow" crap. It depends on how you interpret it. I'm treating "spelling and grammar" in this case to be a single object. It's techically wrong in an English language sense, but in a logical sense treating them as a singular is more appropriate, since it's rarely helpful to have one without the other. Alternately: I done goofed :) The full-page photos are fine. I have no issues with them. It's everything else that's annoying. > It tugs the emotions the right way Yes, if the intended emotions were frustration and despair. > I'm not sure it would have achieved this effect with a simple static HTML + CSS page. Maybe not. It might require some use of Javascript to make some fancier animations and such. It could really use some reworking, though, in the sense of using HTML with a side of Javascript and CSS, rather than Javascript with a side of HTML and CSS. The "About" page[0] is much better than the homepage, and with some reworking probably should have been used as the homepage instead. It looks so much cleaner and nicer. Incorporate some of the stuff from the homepage, and maybe one of the photos as a background, and it would be a huge improvement. [0]: http://grandpas-photos.com/grandpas_about.html Perhaps to throw a wrench into U.S. interests there? Being able to provide internal details of Israel's defense systems to anti-Israel factions would make U.S. intervention more necessary, allowing China a little more wiggle-room to do... something. > If you want to have a good time, lots of interesting pubs, cool clubs, great restaurants, frequent and varied meet ups, and a constant stream of level 7 hipsters with some questionably placed facial tatoos walking by, then you should try these neighbourhoods. Any recommendations for neighborhoods that don't have "level 7 hipsters"? ;) I don't see how "You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO" is ambiguous, legally or otherwise. That said, this would probably be better served with an explicit public-domain declaration or equivalent (like the CC0 license). > There's not much preventing me from re-assinging copyright to myself (in countries that allow it) and then suing the original creator. By that logic, public domain is "ambiguous". > There's nothing to stop me from taking your code, re-licensing it under say a proprietary license, then suing the original creator. By that logic, virtually all the "BSD-style" licenses and their ilk are "ambiguous". > There's nothing that stops me from taking your project's branding/symbol/graphics/name and claiming it as my own and then suing you. By that logic, virtually every FOSS license that doesn't extend to branding (e.g. pretty much everything other than the MPL) is "ambiguous". > There's nothing that stops me from taking your work and then not providing attribution back to the original creator. See the public domain remark above. > By default there is nothing that absolves the license holder from warranty nor implied fitness for use. That is true, and would be a worthwhile addition as a default rather than an afterthought. > legally, what does "DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT" actually mean? It means "do what you want". Unless you're claiming that lawyers don't have a strong-enough grasp of the English language to be able to properly interpret extraneous expletives (which wouldn't surprise me to be quite honest...). > Usability is not always the only thing a website should optimize for. Perhaps not, but completely throwing it out the window is generally not a good idea. > This phrase does not have a single, simple definition that is clear and robust. Since this is in the scope of, say, a program's source code, the implicit meaning would be "do what you want [with this code]". Explicitly stating that would help , but it's not really that necessary unless you feel like being needlessly pedantic. Virtually all license agreements are also implicitly bound by jurisdictional laws, so "yet it is okay if i stab you with a knife" would not be a valid interpretation of "do whatever you want" - in a legal sense - unless the agreement is taking place in a jurisdiction in which stabbing someone with a knife is legal. Are there certain bikes that this is compatible with? The photos don't make it look like it would fit on my current bike. Is it just for road bikes, or would it work on a mountain bike as well? Also, has anyone tested this thing out on steep hills? Only if it's aged in rusty oil barrels covered in graffiti. I think the canned varieties of both taste pretty metallic, but especially Pepsi. I've taken to opting for the glass-bottle varieties of both; whether it's the lack of aluminium traces in the soda, the use of sugar instead of high-fructose corn syrup, or me having opportunities to collect bottle caps as if I'm trying to make a living in a post-apocalyptic nuclear wasteland, I've found that to be much more enjoyable for whatever reason. That all said, RC Cola is the superior beverage. ;) Wayland cuts out a lot of the legacy cruft that X11 has accumulated over the decades, and is inherently much simpler; resource overhead is expected to be much lower on Wayland-based systems. It might not be less painful in terms of getting it to work, but it would be less painful in terms of getting it to work in a resource-constrained system like an ARM-powered smartphone. Y Combinator doesn't have any real people, actually; it's entirely managed by a crusty IBM mainframe upgraded until it can run an artificially-intelligent software stack written in Node.js and Ruby and segregated into Docker containers for each "employee". If you telnet into one of their servers on port 1337, you'll be greeted with a flurry of compiled-to-Javascript Haskell interrupted periodically with rants about how Silicon Valley is the Promised Land and that anyone not living in Silicon Valley is a loser. ;) The problem is that the legacy cruft is intertwined in the very architecture of X11 itself. That's what Wayland is intended to correct; it's a redesign to better accommodate things like compositors while not being held back by the need to explicitly support 80's-era graphical terminals and such (though similar functionality should still be possible, since Wayland is - IIRC - network-transparent). Read my favorite book (Richard Preston's The Hot Zone ) while barricading myself in my apartment for awhile and waiting for things to blow over. I noticed that if you click/drag the titlebar of the spyware popup to the top-right corner, you can bring your mouse over the close button; if you then release the mouse and quickly click again, it'll close. Why does Tux have to be so evil-looking in this coloring book? On the docs page, everything looks really big. It's a bit of a nitpick, but I think - in comparison to Picnic at least - it doesn't bode well for the default attractiveness of a site using Min. I really like this, and am considering incorporating it in quite a few sites at this particular moment; so far so good implementation-wise. A huge plus that makes up for the lack of pre-IE9 Internet Explorer support is the fact that this seems to fail gracefully; since it's "invasive", it leaves behind a relatively-normal-looking site should it not load (tested on lynx and Firefox). This makes me less nervous about deploying it on sites where the target demographic is more likely to use old IE versions (like my own hometown, unfortunately...). A couple oddities: * It would be really nice if the hamburger-mode menu pulled its background colors from the non-hamburger-mode menu and/or navbar; that was a bit of a hiccup when trying to change the navigation colors. * I still can't figure out how to change the color of the hamburger icon. Where is that defined so I can override it and match the rest of a page's text? With a dark navbar background, it's kind of hard to see. * The thresholds for hamburger v. non-hamburger seem too low; while my testing in Firefox resulted in proper responsiveness to the window width, the page loads as if it's a desktop site on my phone (HTC One M8, any browser), probably because of the high (1080x1920) screen resolution. I ended up manually editing picnic.css in order to adjust the thresholds accordingly (to 1100px for phones and 1200px for whatever's supposed to be the next one; the narrowest desktop monitor width in somewhat-common use nowadays is 1280, so I don't expect there to be very many issues caused by this...). * Weirdness with font sizes on actual phones (as opposed to resized desktop windows) when font-size is set to 1em (probably a mobile browser quirk, not necessarily something wrong with Picnic); I added a max-width conditional to set these bigger on phone widths (while leaving them at 1em for desktops/laptops, where the screens are bigger and can handle the smaller text). All in all, not bad. It's already likely going to see use in a couple of my own sites. For someone like me who cringes at the thought of trying to wrangle Bootstrap into doing something useful, this is a breath of fresh air. Yeah, forgot the viewport thing. Thanks for that. As for the burgermenu, I'll take a look at that; thanks for the pointer. I'm currently playing with this alongside Pure (which I'm also interested in for many of the same reasons - namely, the lack of JavaScript, the small footprint, and not being some giant clusterfsck like Bootstrap and Groundwork tend to be), and one advantage of Picnic in comparison to that is that the menu actually shrinks down to a burgermenu without the need for Javascript (as far as I can tell; with Pure, that doesn't seem to be the case). The author has earned him/herself a Useless Use of cat (UUOC) award for not realizing that grep can take a filename argument in the example pipeline. Basically, the example can be shortened to the following: grep purple /usr/share/dict words | # Find words containing 'purple' in the system's dictionary awk '{print length($1), $1}' | # Count the letters in each word sort -n | # Sort lines ("${length} ${word}") tail -n 1 | # Take the last line of the input cut -d " " -f 2 | # Take the second part of each line cowsay -f tux # Put the resulting word into Tux's mouth About time. Not that I'm affected at this point, since I've been using OpenSMTPD for awhile now. Because unlike sendmail, CVS hasn't been effectively broken for even one decade, let alone two. Also, because CVS meshes better with their development philosophy (something about the fact that everything's in one repo, and CVS allows checking out portions of a repo, whereas Git only lets you check out the whole repo). Just because it isn't as trendy or hip as Git doesn't mean it's automatically broken or obsolete. Having lived in many such homes... yeah, can confirm. Single-family residences are very generic, with very minor differences in design nowadays, at least in the western half of the States where I am. I have a feeling these architects feeling "discredited" are the ones whose work in the field of single-family homes is very much discreditable. Unless you're going for some fancy one-off custom architectural job for your home, you're buying something that's already pretty cookie-cutter. What dictionary does your definition come from? According to multiple sources[0], the closest match to your definition (American Heritage's "Shameful; disgraceful: a criminal waste of talent.") is typically used in a figurative sense ("that spinach dip is criminally awful"). [0]: https://www.wordnik.com/words/criminal How old a particular standard is doesn't really have that much bearing on whether or not it's a good standard (if it were, then it shouldn't be long before we all switch away from HTTP and SSH for the sake of "innovation"). Nor is age an excuse for introducing a replacement that's locked down to a specific vendor. I'm fine with Google dropping their support for open standards - their services, their rules, and if they don't care about users like me who prefer the open standards, then it's not my place to whine about it when I can instead seek a competitor that does adhere to those standards. However, I'm not fine with such dropping of standards being masqueraded under some lame excuse like "the open standards are too old". 1998 and 1986 are young compared to the majority of the standards which form the backbone of the Internet and World Wide Web themselves. If you're going to try and rationalize Google's actions beyond them wanting to make money via control over their stack, then at least try and find some actual technical reason why XMPP and IMAP are insufficient for their purposes. (I'll concede that IMAP isn't exactly pretty, but it sounds like XMPP at least could have simply been extended if there were features Google needed for Hangouts). I personally never minded Australis, since I've been used to it via Thunderbird (which rolled it out first). That said, it really doesn't affect me that much since I use Tree View Tabs anyway (and I don't use the menu enough to really care beyond having nice big buttons to click on when my morning coffee hasn't kicked in yet). Would there be a point in doing that instead of aligning with, say, DuckDuckGo? They share a primary ideology (an open web that works for everyone), and I imagine much of the Firefox userbase and developerbase (perhaps not a majority, but I'd imagine a significant minority) already uses DDG as their primary search engine. I actually don't disagree with this. Even though I'm a pretty tech-savvy Firefox user (and by "tech-savvy", I mean "seasoned Unix administrator and backend programmer"), "Mozilla" is also a household name among plenty of less-tech-savvy folks; I've seen Firefox (often called "Mozilla" or "Netscape" by its users, amusingly enough) everywhere from the most high-tech web development shops to computers owned/operated by seniors and running Windows XP and dial-up internet. Chrome hasn't had that level of adoption yet; while it's certainly popular among the tech-savvy, it hasn't trickled into ordinary households quite the same way as Internet Explorer and "Mozillafire Netfox" have. It helps that Firefox has a lot of brand maturity in non-tech circles, whether it's referred to as "Firefox" or by the names of its ancestors. It also helps that Firefox is the default browser on the vast majority of desktop GNU/Linux distributions (which are gaining some popularity now that Windows XP is unsupported and being phased out more aggressively), though this probably isn't as significant of a factor as the existing brand recognition/maturity. Did you mean Yandex? Yahoo! is based in California. I was worried there for a second when the page mentioned Runbook was built on Assembly, at least until I realized that Assembly was some website rather than the programming language we all know and love. Looks interesting, whatever the case. Y'all should throw in jobs.perl.org so that us Perl hackers aren't left out to dry ;) I'm not sure what's more fucked up: the fact that Gogo disallows streaming (of all things) and thus makes their in-flight network effectively useless to the vast majority of users (who, you know, probably want to watch a movie or listen to music while they're careening about in Earth's atmosphere), or the fact that they're using it as an excuse for malicious behavior that doesn't even actually address the problem they've inflicted upon themselves (since blocking access to YouTube can be achieved much easier with, you know, actually blocking access to that particular domain at a network level). > "We can assure customers that no user information is being collected when any of these techniques are being used," [Gogo's CTO] wrote. "They are simply ways of making sure all passengers who want to access the Internet in flight have a good experience." I'm pretty goddamn sure that having my Youtube (and by extension, Google - thus, email) credentials sniffed does not make for "a good experience". Anand Chari can piss off with his terrible excuses. It depends on the user, really. A lot of the reason why it took so long (and indeed, is still taking so long) for Windows XP to go away is because it's what people are used to; people don't like change, especially if they don't think it's for the better. This is especially common among the elderly (where there's less receptiveness to learn new approaches when the old approaches work fine) and in low-income households (where there's less time/energy available to learn new approaches when the old approaches work fine). I've found Windows XP -> openSUSE w/ Xfce to be a relatively-suitable migration path for most users, mostly because of their relative similarities (a clear "Start menu" equivalent (that can even be easily renamed to "Start"), the "Mozillascape Firegator" already being installed and ready-to-go, a somewhat-decent office program that looks similar to Office 2003 already being installed and ready-to-go, etc.). It's also the same reason why Debian and RHEL/CentOS and SUSE are more likely to be found in big enterprises (and/or government/military agencies) than Ubuntu or Fedora or openSUSE or Arch or whatever. Those sorts of users need things to stay consistent. NASA would rather install Debian Stable on the International Space Station and stick with that release (along with perhaps security patches and bugfixes) for half a decade or more than go with Ubuntu and have to biannually retrain its astronauts with every LTS release (and deal with installing the new release on computers that are perpetually falling around Earth at high speeds in the first place). Granted, that's a bit of an exaggeration (Unity isn't that volatile), but I'm willing to bet it factored into NASA's decision to use Debian rather heavily (for example). I definitely second the preference for rolling releases, however, though not nearly at the pace of, say, Arch or Debian Sid. I run Slackware-current on a couple of my desktops, and I'll probably end up switching to the Tumbleweed repos on my openSUSE-running laptop very soon. Having to deal with two different levels of upgrades is annoying, but so is things spontaneously breaking because changes weren't adequately tested; openSUSE Tumbleweed and (interestingly, thanks to Slackware's conservatism when it comes to software versions) Slackware-current seem to be good balances between those two extremes. I've had the opposite experience, typically. At an old job, I was trying to use a Windows 7 workstation for the same tasks as I'd use my GNU/Linux-based home workstations (and the Macbook I'm using at my current job): running VMs with VirtualBox, running local installations of PostgreSQL, etc. Windows was the more painful one, for me at least. Granted, I'm not a fan of OS X by any means; far from it. However, the one redeeming quality is the fact that it's Unix underneath all the buggy Aqua and Finder and Cocoa and such, so at least I'm able to set it up with MacPorts (and/or Homebrew) and get some proper work done with it just like I would on any other Unix-like OS. You can't do that with Windows, at least not easily (and certainly not as painlessly). That said, the presence of virtualization extensions in one's CPU would make a significant positive difference; if the Mac you used lacked VT-x (which could be checked by running "sysctl machdep.cpu.features" and seeing if there's a "VMX" entry somewhere in the output of that), it would certainly explain your difficulties with VMWare and Parallels. It's also worth mentioning that HyperV isn't exactly equivalent to VMWare Fusion or Parallels; it's more equivalent to VMWare ESXi, Xen, or KVM. > So, this kind of list of complaints seems to be really common among folks who don't like Windows. Some times the list varies and wonders from one category of problems to another, but the core theme is still the same: The end user isn't capable of using the computer. Inexperience with a computer doesn't cause ntdll to break. Inexperience with a computer doesn't cause Windows activation to break. Inexperience with a computer doesn't cause shutdowns to take hours instead of seconds. Inexperience with a computer doesn't cause suspend to spontaneously bork. You're blaming inexperience for things that are fixed on pretty much every modern operating system. Yes, those problems are caused by the OS, because it's really the only OS that chronically has those kinds of issues in those quantities. Let's go through and demonstrate exactly why blaming the user for broken software is inaccurate at best: * According to jjoonathan, the ntdll segfaults started happening after an update - something which should be routine. Do you expect users not to update their software? Especially when Windows will happily do the update and reboot automatically (and annoyingly, I might add). * Shutting down isn't that hard, yet somehow Windows pretends that it is. It's rather hilarious to watch Windows take twice as long as, say, openSUSE to do something as basic and fundamental as shutting down. This isn't even including Windows' hilariously-convoluted method of installing system updates; if my laptop's openSUSE installation can install updates without having to drop down into some sort of maintenance mode, why can't Windows (for the record, though, OS X annoyingly has the same problem). I shouldn't have to sit through 100 updates installing when all I want to do is shut off my laptop and continue with my life. * Activation problems with Windows are very common. I've run into them repeatedly with clean installs and multiple Windows versions. I shouldn't have to open a command prompt and type in arcane commands in order to activate Windows so I can customize the homescreen. Hell, I shouldn't have to do something as silly as activating my rightfully-purchased copy of my operating system, period , but that's another story. * Really? You're going to blame Windows' fragility when it comes to power management on the user? These sorts of problems are common with Windows. They aren't common with modern operating systems like GNU/Linux and BSD (and even OS X, no matter how hard Apple tries to mangle it and force it to be as poor of a product as Windows). Yeah, "unbelievably stable" and "Windows" don't belong in the same sentence (except for this one, obviously). You're delusional if you sincerely believe Microsoft's shoddy programming to be the fault of their customers* of all people. I've been using OpenBSD for about a year now. It's still not quite my daily driver (it's running on one of my three main workstations - a PowerBook G4 - but not on my desktop or my other laptop, both of which are still running GNU/Linux - Slackware and openSUSE, specifically and respectively), but it's certainly the OS of choice for my servers. OpenBSD appealed to me as a Linux user for the same reasons why Linux appealed to me as a Windows user. I was tired of bugginess, and just wanted things to work. Unfortunately, I still have the same obstacles migrating to it from Linux as I had migrating to Linux from Windows - namely, hardware support and gaming - that keep it from being my dream OS; however, it's still the OS I like to use when I need to get real work done (just as GNU/Linux was the OS I liked to use when I needed to get work done, back when I was still a Linux/Windows dual-booter so many years ago). Even with those shortcomings, my PowerBook G4 is currently my favorite machine. There are some kinks, to be sure (power management is non-op, so I can't put the laptop to sleep), but with OpenBSD and WindowMaker, it's pretty rock-solid despite its age. The nice thing about OpenBSD is that the devs aren't afraid of breaking backwards-compatibility if needed. They've already solved the 2038 problem as of 5.5, for example; with Linux's policies on backwards-compatibility, that'll be a nightmare to fix on 32-bit Linux systems (and even other BSDs, if I understand correctly). To me, that's awesome; I'll take a minor flag day to clean-reinstall my servers now over a major flag day to hack together some kind of band-aid "fix" later any day, and it's nice to know that, should I setup a server right now, it won't spontaneously vomit all over itself in 20 years or so due to it suddenly thinking it's 1970 again. "it's mostly towards people from the outside who pop in at random and tell OpenBSD folks How Things Should Be Done" See also: Richard Stallman's attempt to troll the OpenBSD mailing list[0] after having been called out[1] about a misunderstanding of the OpenBSD ports tree (and its existence as an index of software that can be built or installed on OpenBSD, free or otherwise). [0]: http://marc.info/?l=openbsd-misc&m=119730630513821&w=2 [1]: http://marc.info/?l=openbsd-misc&m=119725673616073&w=2 > I wanted to try OpenBSD, however the amount of labor required to simply upgrade the system (Google "openbsd upgrading") outweighed all benefits for me at the current point. It's actually not that hard. Even with the 5.4->5.5 upgrade (which broke binary compatibility on my PowerBook), I just needed to fire up the install disk, pick "upgrade" instead of "install", press Enter/Return a few times, and reboot (after which you run "sysmerge" to get your configuration files in order, then tweak $PKG_PATH and run a quick "pkg_add -u" in most cases (in mine, I had to save a list of all installed packages, uninstall everything, then reinstall from that list, but that was only slightly more tedious), similar to FreeBSD from what I understand). It's only "hard" if you're trying to upgrade without booting into the install kernel first; not being recommended aside, even this isn't particularly difficult if you follow the upgrade guides, though perhaps it's a bit tedious, and just involves doing manually what the installer does for you automatically. > Also, FreeBSD has pkg, which is a neat binary package manager - which is important on a desktop/laptop - and it looks like OpenBSD still uses the old, manual pkg_add way. A pkg_add command is still involved, but it doesn't seem to be much different from most package managers; it still downloads binaries, checks dependencies, and does all the other nifty things that most modern package managers do. It ain't zypper or nix, but it does its job well enough. Granted, I don't have all that much experience with pkg, so perhaps pkg_add is indeed primitive in comparison (it's certainly pretty spartan, to say the least). It's a step up from dealing with the ports tree directly, though, so there's that :) > Maybe I'll try it on the third laptop, curiosity grows bigger every day for sure. You definitely should. [0]: http://www.openbsd.org/faq/upgrade56.html > It's now an exercise to the user to figure out how to remove all the files leftover from the old OpenBSD release. No it's not. The upgrade guides for each release literally tell you exactly which files should be cleaned up, which packages are now part of base, which parts of base are now packages, etc. OpenBSD has a good reputation for having complete and thorough documentation on every last detail of its operation, and system upgrades are no exception. I haven't benchmarked anything, but at least for PostgreSQL and nginx, I've found OpenBSD's performance to be right on par with what I've come to expect from GNU/Linux servers; nothing feels particularly slow. As for VPS providers, I've heard good things about 1984[0], though I haven't used them myself (yet; I'll probably do this pretty soon). I've also used EDIS[1] without any particular problems. Both provide OpenBSD as OS options. [0]: https://www.1984.is/ (in Icelandic, but there's a drop-down to set the language to English). [1]: http://www.edis.at/en/home/ Not to mention that Nvidia cards don't play nicely with non-Linux (or OSX) Unixen in general. If by "OpenSSH" you actually meant "OpenSSL" (I'm a seasoned sysadmin and I still get those mixed up in conversation, so don't worry), then yes, the crowd's response was certainly an example of "shut up and hack": the OpenBSD devs wrote libressl to replace it, cutting out as much of the insecure cruft as they physically could. My point is that there are plenty of operating systems out there that don't have these issues. That's a point you're missing (or perhaps deliberately ignoring). It's fine and dandy that you've found ways to work around Windows' awful design, but my point is that you shouldn't have to do so, seeing as there are plenty of operating systems which don't have these problems. My point is that there shouldn't be anything to cause shutdowns to slow down in the first place, because something as elementary and critical as halting execution shouldn't take long at all. My point is that upgrading one's operating system (and all the other software, for that matter) shouldn't be a convoluted ordeal with multiple reboots (and even more shutdown delays) and high risk of seemingly-minor updates breaking things irreparably. My point is that that you shouldn't have to be a MSCE and manually prevent your system from imploding; my point is that your system shouldn't spontaneously implode in the first place. These things are the fault of the operating system when other operating systems have already solved these problems. Blaming users for Microsoft's bastard child of DOS and VMS being poorly designed is, well, misguided, to say the least. I don't particularly like white-knighting Unix, either, but after about a decade and a half of Windows support and administration - in environments ranging from ordinary households to healthcare facilities with hundreds of workstations and almost half as many virtualized servers - it eventually got to the point where I'd rather use something that doesn't require that level of babysitting - something like Unix, for example - and put my time and energy into better things than unclogging my Registry and sitting through 2-hour-long shutdowns due to Windows Update and such. I don't even particularly like GNU/Linux, either, but it's certainly amusing to see someone like you compare it with Windows and call the former , of all things, "esoteric". Windows is the textbook definition of esoteric. And nice ad hominem, by the way, assuming that the Dunning-Kruger effect is in play right now. My point is that there are plenty of operating systems out there that don't have these issues. That's a point you're missing (or perhaps deliberately ignoring). It's fine and dandy that you've found ways to work around Windows' awful design, but my point is that you shouldn't have to do so, seeing as there are plenty of operating systems which don't have these problems. My point is that there shouldn't be anything to cause shutdowns to slow down in the first place, because something as elementary and critical as halting execution shouldn't take long at all. My point is that upgrading one's operating system (and all the other software, for that matter) shouldn't be a convoluted ordeal with multiple reboots (and even more shutdown delays) and high risk of seemingly-minor updates breaking things irreparably. My point is that that you shouldn't have to be a MSCE and manually prevent your system from imploding; my point is that your system shouldn't spontaneously implode in the first place. These things are the fault of the operating system when other operating systems have already solved these problems. Blaming users for Microsoft's bastard child of DOS and VMS being poorly designed is, well, misguided, to say the least. I don't particularly like white-knighting Unix, either, but after about a decade and a half of Windows support and administration - in environments ranging from ordinary households to healthcare facilities with hundreds of workstations and almost half as many virtualized servers - it eventually got to the point where I'd rather use something that doesn't require that level of babysitting - something like Unix, for example - and put my time and energy into better things than unclogging my Registry and sitting through 2-hour-long shutdowns due to Windows Update and such. I don't even particularly like GNU/Linux, either, but it's certainly amusing to see someone like you compare it with Windows and call the former , of all things, "esoteric". Windows is the textbook definition of esoteric. And nice ad hominem, by the way, assuming that the Dunning-Kruger effect is in play right now. My point is that there are plenty of operating systems out there that don't have these issues. That's a point you're missing (or perhaps deliberately ignoring). It's fine and dandy that you've found ways to work around Windows' awful design, but my point is that you shouldn't have to do so, seeing as there are plenty of operating systems which don't have these problems. My point is that there shouldn't be anything to cause shutdowns to slow down in the first place, because something as elementary and critical as halting execution shouldn't take long at all. My point is that upgrading one's operating system (and all the other software, for that matter) shouldn't be a convoluted ordeal with multiple reboots (and even more shutdown delays) and high risk of seemingly-minor updates breaking things irreparably. My point is that that you shouldn't have to be a MSCE and manually prevent your system from imploding; my point is that your system shouldn't spontaneously implode in the first place. These things are the fault of the operating system when other operating systems have already solved these problems. Blaming users for Microsoft's bastard child of DOS and VMS being poorly designed is, well, misguided, to say the least. I don't particularly like white-knighting Unix, either, but after about a decade and a half of Windows support and administration - in environments ranging from ordinary households to healthcare facilities with hundreds of workstations and almost half as many virtualized servers - it eventually got to the point where I'd rather use something that doesn't require that level of babysitting - something like Unix, for example - and put my time and energy into better things than unclogging my Registry and sitting through 2-hour-long shutdowns due to Windows Update and such. I don't even particularly like GNU/Linux, either, but it's certainly amusing to see someone like you compare it with Windows and call the former , of all things, "esoteric". Windows is the textbook definition of esoteric. And nice ad hominem, by the way, assuming that the Dunning-Kruger effect is in play right now. My point is that there are plenty of operating systems out there that don't have these issues. That's a point you're missing (or perhaps deliberately ignoring). It's fine and dandy that you've found ways to work around Windows' awful design, but my point is that you shouldn't have to do so, seeing as there are plenty of operating systems which don't have these problems. My point is that there shouldn't be anything to cause shutdowns to slow down in the first place, because something as elementary and critical as halting execution shouldn't take long at all. My point is that upgrading one's operating system (and all the other software, for that matter) shouldn't be a convoluted ordeal with multiple reboots (and even more shutdown delays) and high risk of seemingly-minor updates breaking things irreparably. My point is that that you shouldn't have to be a MSCE and manually prevent your system from imploding; my point is that your system shouldn't spontaneously implode in the first place. These things are the fault of the operating system when other operating systems have already solved these problems. Blaming users for Microsoft's bastard child of DOS and VMS being poorly designed is, well, misguided, to say the least. I don't particularly like white-knighting Unix, either, but after about a decade and a half of Windows support and administration - in environments ranging from ordinary households to healthcare facilities with hundreds of workstations and almost half as many virtualized servers - it eventually got to the point where I'd rather use something that doesn't require that level of babysitting - something like Unix, for example - and put my time and energy into better things than unclogging my Registry and sitting through 2-hour-long shutdowns due to Windows Update and such. I don't even particularly like GNU/Linux, either, but it's certainly amusing to see someone like you compare it with Windows and call the former , of all things, "esoteric". Windows is the textbook definition of esoteric. And nice ad hominem, by the way, assuming that the Dunning-Kruger effect is in play right now. My point is that there are plenty of operating systems out there that don't have these issues. That's a point you're missing (or perhaps deliberately ignoring). It's fine and dandy that you've found ways to work around Windows' awful design, but my point is that you shouldn't have to do so, seeing as there are plenty of operating systems which don't have these problems. My point is that there shouldn't be anything to cause shutdowns to slow down in the first place, because something as elementary and critical as halting execution shouldn't take long at all. My point is that upgrading one's operating system (and all the other software, for that matter) shouldn't be a convoluted ordeal with multiple reboots (and even more shutdown delays) and high risk of seemingly-minor updates breaking things irreparably. My point is that that you shouldn't have to be a MSCE and manually prevent your system from imploding; my point is that your system shouldn't spontaneously implode in the first place. These things are the fault of the operating system when other operating systems have already solved these problems. Blaming users for Microsoft's bastard child of DOS and VMS being poorly designed is, well, misguided, to say the least. I don't particularly like white-knighting Unix, either, but after about a decade and a half of Windows support and administration - in environments ranging from ordinary households to healthcare facilities with hundreds of workstations and almost half as many virtualized servers - it eventually got to the point where I'd rather use something that doesn't require that level of babysitting - something like Unix, for example - and put my time and energy into better things than unclogging my Registry and sitting through 2-hour-long shutdowns due to Windows Update and such. I don't even particularly like GNU/Linux, either, but it's certainly amusing to see someone like you compare it with Windows and call the former , of all things, "esoteric". Windows is the textbook definition of esoteric. And nice ad hominem, by the way, assuming that the Dunning-Kruger effect is in play right now. System Restore's been a toss-up for me. Sometimes it's worked wonderfully. Other times, it makes the problem worse. Still other times, it just doesn't help, or something caused the restore points to be nuked (sometimes that something is the user him/herself). I've been experimenting with NixOS lately, which has some very nice features along the lines of System Restore done right; being able to roll back any change to system configuration is pretty awesome. That is incredibly beautiful. I've personally found the Chromecast to be a little underpowered in a lot of circumstances, particularly when it comes to mirroring a tab with a video playing. I ended up ordering one of those Fire TV sticks because Gary Busey told me to, and because it has way better specs; still waiting for it to arrive, but a couple of family members have already tried it out with a lot of success, and I imagine it'll go well with the Fire HDX my grandma got for Christmas. Meanwhile, this Intel stick looks even better. Between this and the announcement of a new NUC with an i7, it looks like I'll be saving up for a couple more Intel-powered Linux devices this year. But yeah, the Chromecast is still handy sometimes, and it does do some things well (like YouTube and Pandora). It's just not always the best fit for everyone. I've been a long-time user of WinSCP anyway, regardless of FileZilla's antics. Seems to work better, for me at least. Unfortunately, this is a reminder that free software isn't a guarantee of software freedom or safety. I think the big point that a lot of people are raising, however, is that a "proxy which does not faithfully pass content" shouldn't be legal in the first place. Users don't want network operators to be snooping on them if they can avoid it. The fact that such behaviors are formally legal now does not mean that we (i.e. internet users as a whole) should just lay on our backs and let $BIGSITE have its way with us. In fact, the uses of proxies that you seem to be pointing out as examples of why ubiquitous encryption is a "bad thing" - such as those in schools, homes, workplaces, etc. to block "objectionable content" - would probably be better handled by blocking IP addresses or domain names, rather than trying to break into encrypted HTTP sessions, would it not? Last I checked, TLS does not prevent the ability to detect when a user agent attempts to access a particular host (whether by IP address or domain name), thus allowing $BIGSITE to close off access to blacklisted or non-whitelisted hosts without needing to know the exact data being exchanged. Honestly, and with all due respect, the idea that ubiquitous use of TLS would in any way, shape, or form stifle $BIGSITE's ability to monitor and block attempts to access "objectionable" sites seems absurd when there are plenty of more effective ways to do such things that don't involve a total compromise of privacy or secrecy. What about LibreSSL? -- Freely licensed -- Has been ported to FreeBSD -- Is certainly less of a tangled mess than OpenSSL Fair enough. My point, however, was that an always-encrypted internet protocol would not prevent the legitimate uses of these proxies - namely, the monitoring and blocking of attempts to access particular hosts on a network - from being possible; any competent network administrator could implement filters on particular network addresses and hostnames without needing to decrypt anything in the application and transport layers, since they're operating beneath those layers in the first place (perhaps from the router/firewall, even; I'm willing to bet that such monitoring/blocking would be relatively trivial to implement as a pf ruleset, using tables for blacklisted or whitelisted hosts) or are otherwise able to view information beyond what's encrypted (such as DNS lookups). That seems to be much easier and more surefire than trying to break into TLS sessions. They do? I personally haven't seen much of that, though I'm admittedly relatively new to the BSD world, so perhaps I just haven't been watching/using the BSDs long enough to notice that sort of tendency in OpenBSD relative to the others. I know they've been making a lot of switches lately in terms of what ships with the base OS, but pretty much all of them (that I know of) have been more akin to forgetting someone else's old toys and playing with their own shiny new ones. OpenSSH and PF in particular seem to still be alive and well, and they've been around for quite a long time. True, but I wouldn't have had to resort to tab mirroring if Chromecast supported Amazon Prime Video. Which, admittedly, is also not a Chromecast issue per se, but since the Fire TV stick does support it (for obvious reasons), and since I ought to be watching videos and justifying my Prime membership, it'll probably end up being the more useful product to me. An Intel stick would probably end up being even more useful, since I wouldn't be at the mercy of Amazon to provide support for things (and would instead be at the mercy of XBMC or Kodi or whatever the hell it's called now to provide support for things). The difference is that (in theory at least) there's no discrimination for or against specific music streaming services. This is unlike the zero-rating described in the article, where specific social networks (and one specific encyclopedia) are unfairly prioritized over others. If AT&T were to, say, exempt all social networking sites or all encyclopedic wikis or something to that effect, then I wouldn't be nearly as opposed to it. Granted, as a happy T-Mobile customer who has put the free music streaming to good use, I'm probably biased in favor of that variety of selective discounting. However, I'd be opposed to it if, say, only Pandora was allowed or only Amazon Prime Music was allowed or somesuch. > I'm not sure how much competition Wikipedia has as a free online encyclopedia. I'm sure TVTropers resent that remark ;) > Also, Wikipedia is a non-profit, and doesn't really make more money by having more people use the site. Sure it does. You can't possibly tell me that you haven't noticed all the popups begging for money every year around the holidays. The more eyes on the site - and therefore the more eyes on those donation boxes - the more potential donations, and therefore the more money. Being a non-profit doesn't mean there isn't competition involved. There's a tethering nag? I'm not paying for tethering either, but I'm still able to do it without T-Mobile yelling at me (as I've had to do several times due to network issues with my ISP). Huh; according to that article, the thing ships with Windows 3.0. Guess the legacy software's still gotta work. It's like rain on a wedding day! Downvoted for not taking doom-top seriously. Ah, I see. Only slightly less interesting, then :) Oh good; I was worried there for a second; now I know that my VAX will be nice and secure! I've been using Freesound for a lot of my electronic music projects over the last few years. Really good source of samples, particularly for percussion instruments. I actually wouldn't be surprised if that were the case. They already don't allow third-party app stores (like Amazon's app store or F-Droid) on the Play Store last I checked; in both cases, you have to enable app installation from "untrusted sources" and download/install the APKs manually. To expand on this, if the phone isn't particularly well-known, then you'll end up on your own if you want to replace the ROM/firmware with, say, CyanogenMod, since there won't nearly be as much development/porting momentum as there would be for a household-name device. Isn't that what Tinder is? ;) I'll be honest: I'm always thinking about lunch. It's important to remember that the hacker mentality is not limited to the field of computer science, or even science at all; the concept of creative ingenuity transcends fields and industries. Yet another reminder about how remarkably similar programming and musicianship are in mentality and artistry. It's no wonder that I enjoy both :) Per David Kastrup earlier in that thread: > It is a greater problem for us to definitely block free applications from being developed, either completely or by putting up prohibitely high administrative or technical hurdles, than it is to accept the possibility of non-free ones here. I think this is a good example of why trying to actively fight certain use cases - in this case, potential use by non-free software - might as well be considered harmful. In this particular case, clang/LLVM is proving itself to be more free than GCC. I'm a pretty strong free software advocate, and at this point, it's sounding like LLVM is the way to go for even that reason alone. Deliberately crippling a compiler to satisfy an ideological agenda does not encourage the development of free software, especially in comparison to making a free software project like LLVM that demonstrates the ways in which free software is better software. Basically, while I admire RMS' strong convictions, I'm beginning to believe more and more that they're doing the precise opposite of what he - and many other advocates of software freedom - actually want. Very nice! I'll have to try this out when I get home. I think the issue is that there are two conflicting populations on Hacker News: hackers/geeks/nerds in the traditional sense (who are here to talk about cool technology and such, and because the place is called "Hacker News") and entrepreneurs (who are here to talk about economics and politics and such, and because the place is run by a company that funds entrepreneurs). Being part of the first group, it's a bit strange to me to see this sort of article on a site that's called "Hacker News", and I agree with the parent commenter that the article feels out-of-place here. Perhaps if it had some nifty technical details on flash bangs and their effects on humans (more concrete references to PTSD diagnoses, descriptions of temperatures attained by flashbangs and the physical effects of those temperatures on humans, even some possible elaboration on potential blindness caused by flashbangs) - in other words, things that hook into scientific basis (which makes nerds squee) rather than emotion/"ethics" (which doesn't make nerds squee) - would improve this. On the other hand, I realize that my demographic is not the only one worth considering (regardless of whether I want it to be the only one worth considering). It's disappointing that articles with a dearth of technical description seem to be becoming the norm even here, but at the same time I realize that it's not disappointing to all of HN's users, so the best I can do is move on to a hopefully-better article (or stop using the site and find a place that actually lives up to my own expectations of something called "Hacker News"). Take, for example, this article regarding the hypothetical effects of extreme magnetism on humans[0], which was posted on HN yesterday and was well-received, relatively speaking. Unlike this article, it focuses on scientifically-tangible effects, and even revolves around a Futurama reference to boot; in other words, it actually appeals to the hacker/geek/nerd demographic described above. Had this article been written more similarly to this one (though probably without the humor involved, given the more serious tone and subject), it probably wouldn't be subject to derision as being "utterly political", and would instead be more universally appreciated by both demographics of this site (since it appeals to the interests of both those demographics). The article's perspective may be "consistent with the norms of this website", as you say; my point (and presumably that of the parent commenter) is that it's only consistent with - at best - half of the norms and expectations. It covers an interesting subject (for the entrepreneurs, at least); it just needs to do so with more technical detail. That all said, us nerds do post plenty of purely-technical articles with seemingly-boring subjects (made exciting by the technicality itself, to us at least), so I suppose it's only fair that a purely- non -technical article slips through every once in awhile. [0]: https://gravityandlevity.wordpress.com/2015/01/12/how-strong... There seems to be a some demand for safer flashbangs (perhaps something with really bright LEDs and really loud speakers). This[0] seems to at least address the brightness aspect of it. I mean, if the point of flashbang use by LEOs is supposedly to disorient/confuse/distract a suspect during arrest, this seems to be better-suited to that role. And better yet, if they're electronic, they should be (at least hypothetically) entirely reusable, saving a LEA a lot of money in the long run. [0]: http://www.bluesheepdog.com/2012/03/13/delta-light-ball-flas... I've seen a couple of examples of this throughout the U.S., but on a much smaller scale. I'd always wanted to do something like this as a kid, but never really got the chance to. Whatever the case, it's pretty cool that it's caught on worldwide. I personally think this sort of park is a good thing. Making the real world fun? I'm all for that. I'd imagine it's also a good way to encourage children to figure out what they'd really want to be when they grow up by letting them explore what those jobs are like. Pretty much, yeah. This looks pretty and useful for iPhone users, but as an Android user this isn't particularly useful to me, and the iPhone-only approach is stifling what could be a really awesome concept. This would be much more awesome as a web application, perhaps with some sort of JSON API for third-party applications to hook into; beyond the obvious use-cases of developing an Android app, it would also enable cool things like, say, integrating with product and vendor (i.e. grocery store) websites in order to provide means to build a shopping list while surfing the web, then take that list with me on my phone while I go shopping, knowing exactly which stores I need to go to and how much I'll end up spending. > In fact, Turn has told EFF that they do not believe that either Do Not Track or a user deleting their cookies is a signal that the user wishes to opt out from tracking. What the fuck, Turn? You got a different explanation for what the fuck "Do Not Track" means? Are they for fucking real right now? I mean, I've seen my share of grade-A corporate double-speak, but this takes the goddamn cake. Holy fucking shit. Thank God I'm not a Verizon customer in any capacity (that I know of). With this kind of bullshit, I don't plan on that changing any-the-fuck-time soon. How difficult would it be to split the widgets off into their own independent/standalone terminal applications? I like the idea, but I'd rather lay things out myself with tmux (thus incorporating it into my existing workflow) rather than using the included layout system. Sorry if this seems like a dumb question; I'm not particularly familiar with Node.js, let alone this particular codebase, so the answer isn't particularly obvious to me. My apologies. I'm usually more composed than that, but sometimes one encounters this level of malice and simply snaps. Verizon is a red pill that I'd rather not be swallowing. I don't use Internet Explorer. I use Firefox. If I have Do Not Track set (which I do), it means that I have explicitly requested to not be tracked, and that such a header is explicitly representative of my wishes. The sooner we have a full list of all companies which are doing business with Turn, the happier I'll be, since that would provide me with a better target for my (admittedly excessively) strongly-worded frustration. Not really. Even AT&T doesn't do this (they did at one point, but were apparently called out on it and stopped doing it), and they're pretty damn scummy. Yet another iPhone-only application. I guess I won't be helping blind people as an Android peasant ;) Great concept, though, and it being FOSS is a huge plus in my book (and will probably help with developing more applications around this for non-iOS platforms). Interesting, but not interesting enough to warrant such a steep pricetag, in my opinion at least. Yeah, this caters to the people who don't want to fiddle with pandoc or some other Markdown-to-$format tool, but even the cost (in terms of time spent) doing that would still be probably significantly less - and result in a more valuable end-product (since there would be no arbitrary limits) - than the monetary cost of this particular service. Yeah, it's cheaper than hiring a designer every single time I want to create a document, but who the hell would do that? I would opt to have the designer create a template once , then use that template repeatedly, which would end up being much more affordable than this in the long run. Nice idea, but the price is going to strangle this thing in the crib. Right, but is anyone honestly hiring a design consultant for each and every report they generate? Remarq would make sense if that were the case, but it's far more likely that one would hire the designer to produce a template, then use that template until it's no longer in style. That will end up being phenomenally cheaper than what's being offered here. What toolchain? You run a command-line program. Installing pandoc isn't terribly hard (I just did it on this particular Mac in about a couple minutes). I think you're exaggerating the difficulty of your competition. :) I stopped after the first paragraph, when the premise of the entire article seemed to suddenly base itself upon some random jump from lots of indicators of financial responsibility to race alone without any apparent connection. If the program was designed to base its decisions on financial responsibility indicators, then the only way for it to become "racist" is if race is also recorded as a financial responsibility indicator, which would thus indicate that the programmer , rather than the program, is racist. Basically, the first paragraph effectively creates a strawman; I can only assume that the rest of the article seeks to defeat that particular strawman. But what about that program is actually racist? The first paragraph establishes that the program bases its decisions on indicators of financial responsibility. It then makes a decision based (apparently) on race alone. This would require race to be a recorded indicator of financial responsibility as decided by the programmer (or his/her employer). Had race not been recorded at all by the computer, then it would not have made a "racist" decision (for it would be based entirely on individual merit, rather than any particular connections with others of a specific demographic), and this article would therefore be turned over onto its head and rendered entirely moot. Then they can pay some geeky kid in pizza and beer to spend the hour or less it would take that kid to get the supposedly-elaborate toolchain setup (to the point of "drag and drop this text that looks like what you type into the Reddit onto this thingy and it'll spit out a pretty document") and it would still be phenomenally cheaper than what you're charging while being significantly more valuable in the long run. Because this site has been overrun by (and/or revolves around) Silicon Valley entrepreneurs who don't give a damn about something unless it's in the form of a single-page noSQL web-scale big-data in-the-cloud CrappucinoScript imperatively dysfunctional HTTP2 Wangular.js monstrosity written by "hipster rockstar ninja devs" wielding Macbooks and plaid shirts and pocket calculators and half the inventory of ThinkGeek in a mockery of actual programming? ;) More seriously, it's because web developers are in high demand, so there are going to be more postings for them; having a proper web presence is absolutely vital to modern businesses nowadays, and that requires developers to establish that presence. Hacker News is also run by YCombinator, which specializes in funding startups - a market which tends to lean very heavily on web development, since many of those startups are based on web apps - and therefore will already have an inflated quantity of web development jobs by that virtue alone. I think if this had been actually clean-room reverse-engineered, it wouldn't be getting the backlash it's getting. The fact that the LibreBoard devs outright ripped off Trello's CSS and HTML is a bit disappointing. Perhaps with the DMCA notice they got, they'll consider scrapping the current UI and coming up with something a bit more, you know, not blatantly copy-pasted. That said, being able to use something reasonably-Trello-like for internal use (with data under the control of the entity using it) is a fantastic idea, and the fact that LibreBoard does that reasonably well (from what I can tell) gives me some hope that they'll manage to pull themselves out of this muck. EDIT: And apparently there is, in fact, an effort to actually create a UI that isn't a blatant Trello ripoff: https://github.com/libreboard/libreboard/issues/94 From what I can tell, they're working on a differentiated (improved, even) UI/L&F [0]. A lot of the concepts (including the one they seem to be working with) are based on mockups for improved versions of Trello's UI that were rejected by Trello, and it's apparent that non-Trello kanban software is being referenced as well. [0]: https://github.com/libreboard/libreboard/issues/94 > Modern Olympic archers are all about accuracy, with no points for speed other than an overall time limit. I'm pretty sure his point is that "Modern Olympic" archery isn't as useful for hunting or fighting, given that it's been heavily optimized for stationary shooting. The acrobatic/silly/etc. things he's doing in the video while using a bow aren't the technique he's learned; it's the actual bow-work itself (the binocular sighting, tweaking which side of the bow the arrow is on, being able to move quickly from unarmed to shooting, using a thumb-release technique, moving the bow itself to add arrow velocity, etc.) that - from what I gather - allows him to maintain that sort of demonstrated accuracy despite the non-archery things he's doing in the meantime. On the other hand, he manages to be bullseye-accurate (as evidenced by the size of many of the targets he managed to hit - including hitting other arrows mid-flight). I'm just going to assume that Betteridge's law of headlines is in full effect here. Your site's broken, yo. Has a spinner for a second, then redirects to a 500 error page. Probably for the same reasons Flash and Dreamweaver aren't discussed at any particular length around these parts. Artistic Union has a nice ring to it. > UK citizens would have sounded a bit too Airstrip One Which probably would have been fitting in this context. The Terms of Service link doesn't work. I suppose that means I can do whatever I want with this? Cool! I used this to make the logo for my kickass ninja rockstar get-the-girls get-the-boys HTTPDY/2 Wangular.js responsive Big Data™ Cloud dirty funky native HTML5 Node.php.rb.haml.sass Web 2.0 .com app! Look: http://imgur.com/1OxBPKD About damn time. Amazon also supports Flash, but that isn't really a big improvement. Even with OpenBSD that isn't always true. The time_t fixed killed binary-compatibility between 5.4 and 5.5 on 32-bit systems, which meant that any installed packages had to be uninstalled and reinstalled if one were to perform an upgrade. The OpenBSD project isn't afraid to break compatibility if it means fixing a bug - something that I think is a very good thing, but has implications in terms of support. On another note, upgrade hell is a pretty convincing argument for systems like NixOS, where upgrades can be easily rolled back, configurations are declarative, etc. For me, it's not really so much "not good enough" as much as it is "I'm already using PostgreSQL as a database and I'd rather not have to maintain two separate SQL database implementations on my servers if I can avoid it". Which (apparently) is named "Isso" in the German version of Pokemon. According to that, it seems that Vivaldi uses a lot of GPL'd and LGPL'd libraries, and it's not clear that Vivaldi is in compliance with the copyleft requirements of those licenses, nor is it apparent which license Vivaldi is released under as well (be it a FOSS license, some EULA, etc.). There are also a lot of libraries listed that are licensed under the Mozilla Public License, which is incompatible with the GNU GPL. Distributing this therefore might not actually be legal, regardless of whether or not it's released under a FOSS license, since those two license families have conflicting requirements for derived works (including works which use those libraries). YMMV, IANAL, etc., but this thing's running the risk of legal technicalities killing it in the crib. True, though it still means having to check yet another place to make sure everything's backed up properly, etc. Great article, though I don't quite understand why it was posted here of all places. Java's a bit of a special/odd case, since it's AOT-compiled into a bytecode that is then JIT-compiled into native instructions. rimshot I suddenly want to create a pneumatic computer. Or at least pneumatically-powered. Just to see if it's possible. And shells are indeed REPLs (in the sense that they run a loop in which they read, evaluate, and print things). Though to be fair, REPLs for languages like MATLAB or Julia are likely far more useful from a scientific standpoint than a typical shell (which is more useful for system administration). > By that metric, Windows is also free if you buy a Surface. There's a difference between Microsoft's model (using a hardware product to better market a software product) and Apple's model (using a software product to better market a hardware product). Microsoft is a software company first and foremost, while Apple is a hardware company first and foremost. That's the root cause of the reason why your particular comparison isn't exactly valid: that OS X is not at all designed to work on hardware that wasn't built by Apple (and, indeed, getting OS X to work on non-Apple hardware requires a modified OS X and installer on top of matching the hardware of a Mac almost perfectly). > I think you overestimate the need for access to the OS for learning things. The cracking scene, demoscene and games industry was almost exclusively built on Windows. A lot of that was just as, if not more, advanced as what a Linux programmer does. There was certainly a significant Windows (and DOS) demoscene, but to say it was exclusively built on Windows is about as far as the truth as one can get. Emphasis on Windows really only picked up in the late 90's; throughout the 70's, 80's, and early 90's, most of the demoscene, game development, etc. revolved around non-Windows platforms (particularly BASIC-running toasters in the 70's-80's, followed by Amigas and Macintoshes throughout the 80's and early 90's). Windows 95 was the start of Windows becoming more popular for game development and multimedia production, but it took quite some time for Windows to displace the rest of the market (through Microsoft's monopolistic tactics, but that's another story). Until that point, there was DOS, but it was one of many contenders with relatively-equal footing only as far back as the late 80's at the earliest, before which DOS was more the purview of businesses buying IBM PCs alongside their IBM mainframes (in other words, about the most uncool computers one could possibly own). The reason DOS eventually caught on was very much because of how "open" (comparatively-speaking) it was compared to, say, Mac OS; the same subculture of BASIC programmers from the Commodore 64 days could make an easy transition to a similarly-minimalist environment requiring a lot of user intervention and therefore customization opportunity, much like how the world of GNU/Linux had been all the way up to the mainstream adoption of Android (and still is, though it's no longer an absolute necessity to be able to tinker with one's system like it was in the first half of the 2000's). This isn't to mention that Windows didn't fully penetrate the educational market until well into the 2000's; most schools had a large quantity of Apple hardware still in use, thus influencing educational development. This was much stronger when the idea of a "demoscene" was still really relevant. Now, the cracking world might have been different (I know DOS was a strong contender in the BBS subculture), but the latter two are very much not a product of Windows; far from it. > No, while nostalgic, the Commodore and Atari scene were tiny in comparison. Uhh, no they weren't. They were the focus of home computing during that time period. IBM-compatibles running DOS (or, previously, CP/M) were still the purview of businesses needing personal computers. The reason why BASIC-oriented systems like those of Commodore and Atari are "nostalgic" is because they were ubiquitous in households during their heyday, and contributed heavily to the same memes and tropes of video game design that are being recycled to this day in big-budget games running on Windows 10 64-bat Supreme Home Edition Republic-of-Gamers PC-Master-Race monstrosities with Core i9 processors and NVodia GeFarce 96000000GTXXX 16TB 525600-CLUTA-core EXTREME-GRASS-RENDERING GPUs and all the other baloney that's dominated the thoughts of gamers nowadays. > Since the mid nineties people have learned graphics programming and reverse engineering primarily on Windows. By your logic, the concept of the automobile was invented by Toyota when they came out with the Prius. There's a lot more to the history of video game development, demoscene, etc. than just the 90's; you're leaving out literally half of those subcultures' very nuanced histories chronologically-speaking - and, in fact, opting to leave out probably the most important half. > I'm not talking about pre-90s And that's where your problem lies, since the pre-90s era is far more important historically than the post-90s era (when the idea of a "demoscene" started to die entirely and game development shifted full-force toward massive companies - trends which have only recently begun to reverse beyond very tiny niches). I think you're confusing Chromebooks for Android devices; running non-Google operating systems on Chromebooks is very-well-documented. I think you're also missing the parent commenter's point: that even on ChromeOS (via Crouton), his daughter's newly-learned skills will be much more universally-applicable, since she's working directly with free development tools available universally and on virtually all modern platforms (plus Windows) instead of working with toolchains specific to only one not-really-all-that-modern platform. Sure they will. You wouldn't believe how many new games Steam is trying to throw at me on Linux. The big studios might not care too much (though even this isn't really universal, since there are plenty of big studios that do target Linux/SteamOS), but there's a lot of activity from indie developers, many of whom are targeting SteamOS before they even target OS X (though there still aren't any SteamOS exclusives that I know of). sbopkg -i "node google-go-lang ghc ..." Granted, you have to install sbopkg, but it's still not that hard. And most of those tools (GCC, Ruby, etc., even Emacs!) already ship with Slackware anyway, so it's arguably easier than most GNU/Linux distros. > but everything I learned back then were things like Basic, COBOL, Fortran and Pascal. Think about what you had back then, though. At best, you had Mac OS (which was as abstracted away from actual computer internals as Windows is today). All the other options - whether it was Commodores or Ataris or DOS-based IBM-compatibles - involved working very close to the hardware. You were manually dealing with interrupts and memory access and other very-low-level components. Basically, the reason why you didn't have to delve very far into the underlying system was because there wasn't an underlying system in the first place for you to delve into. COBOL and Pascal were pretty high-level, but BASIC and Fortran are along the same lines as C (especially back then): very low-level, very directly-wired-to-hardware, very thin abstractions over raw assembly. You were already delving into way more than students today would ever be able to delve into on a Windows-NT-based operating system (where you don't even have DOS internals to muck around with, unlike on Windows 3.x and 9x - which is what I personally grew up on). Yeah, students might be able to get by on a bit of HTML and Javascript and maybe Ruby or Python, but I would be lying if I claimed that such an education would be as in-depth and worthwhile as what your or I experienced pre-2000. > How many kids need to know linux in the future? All of them, if they want any hope of having a programming or system administration job (i.e. the non-executive IT jobs that pay pretty darn well) in the foreseeable future. Linux is what powers the vast majority of web servers nowadays, regardless of whether they're being run by plucky startups or long-tenured industry incumbents. Windows in the server world has effectively been relegated to legacy systems and a smattering of government websites (some of which in and of themselves also count as "legacy systems"), and that market is continuously shrinking as businesses modernize in methodology and technology. The point, though, of the parent commenter was that just because a teacher can teach something "effectively" doesn't mean that something should be taught in the first place. There are plenty of teachers throughout the United States who are effective at teaching creationism to their students. I think we can all agree that doing so is not healthy for those students. TIL it's still 2005. Seriously. This whole "Linux is not user friendly" myth has been a myth for almost a decade now. I've seen 70-year-olds with zero understanding of technology whatsoever use GNU/Linux (openSUSE, specifically) without problem. Let that sink in for a second. > This required installing support for NTFS What distro were you using? Most ship with NTFS support last I checked (though perhaps there's a higher concentration of distros without NTFS support for the RPi). Similarly: why even use NTFS in the first place if you're doing a network share? Samba can serve files from an ext4-formatted volume to a Windows client just fine. Unless you were planning on being able to remove the drive and plug it into a Windows machine directly, there's no need to use NTFS at all. > Every step needed to be researched through a mixture of blog posts, Wikis and other online resources. This is true of a lot of things, no matter which operating system one uses. Remember that Samba is designed for enterprise environments. Setting up a fileshare in such an environment with Windows is typically just as complicated (but involving a lot of graphical wizards instead of configuration file editing), since there's a lot more involved than just right-clicking the drive letter and telling Windows to broadcast it on the network. You're right that the process for sharing files over a network with Windows hosts ought to be made more accessible for home users. Linux doesn't really have a "Homegroup" equivalent, which is unfortunate. You were still much closer to the hardware than virtually every modern programmer outside of the embedded programming space (and even then), which is my point. What you were doing was effectively operating system programming, seeing as there wasn't really much of an operating system in the modern, traditionally-understood sense (except for the PDPs, which ran some timesharing system like ITS or Unix or somesuch, but those also tended to arrive with the full source code, at least in the case of Unix, so that one could port it oneself). MIT-licensed, even. That's more or less my own belief system. I've hypothesized that concepts like God and angels and Heaven and such were likely meant to be metaphorical when they were first conceived, rather than literal - manifestations of certain Jungian archetypes or tropes or however one endeavors to categorize collectively-understood concepts. I was raised Mormon. The Bible, Book of Mormon, etc. still live in my bookshelf alongside my most treasured books on science and computer programming - partly because of the significance they had on my upbringing and family identity, and partly because one does not have to believe the stories within them literally in order to benefit and learn from them. In this regard, "holy" scripture is less of a strict historical record (though there are some elements of that as well, embedded within the fanciful depictions thereof) and more of an equivalent to Aesop's fables - stories which were meant to educate, and to convey abstract concepts difficult to succinctly and effectively communicate without such fanciful metaphors. > Plus, I really dig Jesus ethics. I know, right? Those fig trees are such scumbags; they totally deserve to wither and die. ;) I can't speak for Free BSD, but for OpenBSD at least, I've had decent experiences with my Dell Latitude D830. Good hardware support, though networking and power management were a little iffy (the Intel wireless required a firmware download, and it was really touchy about hibernation, though that might have been a configuration issue on my part, seeing as this was the first of many OpenBSD installs I've done). I've since been using it for other OS experiments (Haiku for awhile; now I'm venturing into MINIX), but it handled OpenBSD (and Slackware before it) rather nicely, and I don't imagine FreeBSD would be any worse . Now, that's not modern at all, but I'm willing to bet that a more modern enterprise-like Dell would be similar in build but with newer components. To be honest, that's actually one of the big motivators for me using MIT-style licenses (or BSD or ISC or somesuch) for a lot of my own code. I'm so accustomed to 525600-page EULAs that I cringe as soon as I see a license that exceeds one screenful, and I figure there are plenty of others who do the same. Plus there are the other benifits (especially when it comes to free software projects being able to reuse that code without worrying so much about license compatibility). > Oracle Er, no. The entirety of Oracle's dabbling in "open source" has been by shaking free software products out of the rotting carcass of Sun Microsystems and - in many cases - adding those products to the grave (see also: OpenSolaris, OpenOffice, various others). The exceptions - namely MySQL (which wasn't a Sun product) and Java (which is still doing reasonably well) - are few and far between. Oracle Linux certainly exists, but I'm certainly not about to hold that monstrosity on any sort of pedestal. As for the others, yeah, they're making money on FOSS (and not killing said FOSS in the process), though such free software tends to be integrated in very much proprietary end results (like OS X / iOS and the vast majority of Android distributions). > People who simply don't like Microsoft will not use it just because it's open. You're forgetting that a lot of people traditionally haven't liked Microsoft because their software wasn't/isn't open. Yeah, Windows would still be a steaming pile of bovine manure regardless of which license it was made available under, but the availability of that source code would make it easy for better, Unix-like operating systems to pick up the necessary pieces to support Windows software, thus continuing to allow Microsoft to profit on their non-operating-system software (Office, SQL Server, Exchange, IIS, Internet Explorer^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^HSpartan, etc.) regardless of whether or not Windows itself is widespread in usage. There were some potential solutions (like billing SPARC servers and workstations as "Java development/deployment platforms") that Sun started to brush against, but they ran out of time / money / distance from Oracle's sidaM Touch, etc. Because BASIC on an Apple II doesn't involve a massive JIT compiler running on a massive userland and drivers running on a massive kernel with virtual memory and processes and such. It instead involves a very thin layer over the firmware of the computer itself. Sure, you weren't doing a lot of PEEKing or POKEing, but the fact that you could do those things proves my point. The sorts of programming you were doing was barely higher-level than the sorts of programming involved with an OSDev-style "Hello, world!" kernel[0]. My remark is not a stretch at all. At most you had a few thin conveniences (like having some graphics-related features already available to you, since Woz had prioritized that when he designed the Apple II's BASIC interpreter); beyond that, it was direct access to everything from RAM to tapes (unless you were running Apple DOS, but that was not at all required for BASIC programming on an Apple II, and the Apple II didn't ship with it). [0]: http://wiki.osdev.org/Bare_Bones#Writing_a_kernel_in_C I want to see someone come out with an OS/2 skin of sorts for OS X, just to make everyone in the world that much more confused. I listed MySQL as an "exception" because of it not being a Sun product, regardless of whether or not it's dead. However, there are still plenty of environments using MySQL (and I'd know; I maintain quite a few such environments). MariaDB is an obvious migration path, of course. I can't even comprehend why this would be perceived to be a good idea. I'm just going to assume that Betteridge's Law of Headlines is in effect here. If you're going to make some strong claim like "Samsung stole IP", phrase it as a damn declarative statement. Phrasing it as a question instead only suggests to me that the claim resulted from rectal extraction and is entirely unfounded. I honestly don't think this is a bad thing. Or, at least, it's no worse than humans doing the killing. The article complains that such machines will never be able to make correct judgements about their targets with 100% reliability. However, neither can humans. Furthermore, I'd reckon that an artificial intelligence - with the hypothetical ability to tap into exabytes of raw data to base its decisions upon - is far better suited to those sorts of decisions. The article incorrectly assumes that there is a distinction between the brain and any other ordinary computer. Once one realizes the sheer lack of such a distinction between organic and inorganic computing devices beyond rather-minor implementation details and computing capacity, the whole premise of the article is moot. We already are using autonomous killing machines, and have been for hundreds of thousands of years. Those machines are called "humans". > Really? We'll invent a 100% secure computer system? With no way to be hijacked? That's obviously not actually a requirement of killing machines if humans - being as phenomenally easy to deceive as they are - are acceptable options for assuming that role. The system wouldn't have to be 100% secure in order to be good enough, by the standards we've already set as a species. It would only need to be more secure than a human. Here, have the original article which you should have linked to instead of some clickbait aggregate site: http://thenextweb.com/insider/2015/02/06/netflix-is-reported... I like the concept, but it seems... expensive. Maybe I'm just spoiled by the Raspberry Pi, but I'm having trouble swallowing a $60 machine (and that's without any of the other gizmos that attach to it) when there are examples of products in the same niche that come out to a bit more than half that. Does the fancy low-power radio really cost that much? On the other hand, I don't think the Arduino or the various other prototyping/microcontroller boards like this are any less-ridiculously priced, so maybe this is actually competitive and sane relatively-speaking. It still seems strange, however. On the third hand, I suppose I could just download the schematics, source everything out, and figure out how to build it by hand. I have a feeling it would end up cheaper, even without being able to take advantage of bulk rates on the components. Indeed. Guadalajara (at least from what I've gathered chatting with folks local to that area) is much more tech-savvy (quite a few tech firms - big and small - have setups there), is home to an indie film festival (among other things), and is the supposed birthplace of mariachi music. If I were to give up my stationary life and become a nomad, I'd much rather have my transient basecamp in Guadalajara than Mexico City, to be honest. What about Guadalajara? - Further north (albeit slightly) than Mexico City, and thus even closer to New York and San Francisco (if those proximities are in indeed your criteria) - Major (relative to Mexico, at least) tech hub, making the perfect setting for programmers, remote sysadmins, and other folks who would appreciate living in a place populated by like-minded folks - Birthplace of mariachi music (!) A few nitpicks: “Your team should work like an open-source project.” Funny, because that’s exactly what GitHub (the product) is. No it's not. Sure, it's used by a lot of open-source projects, and it's built on quite a few open-source technologies, but if you were to ask someone at Github to give you the source code for the whole product at all (let alone under an "open-source" (read: free software) license), you'd probably be laughed at. This is like saying that Windows is an "open-source product" because some people happen to use it to write open-source software. Even their Error 404 page keeps with the “freedom” branding — you land on the design team’s interpretation of MC Escher’s house of stairs. It's actually more likely to be an interpretation of Escher's "Impossible Cube" [0]. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impossible_cube Tangentially-related note: does anyone happen to know of a (preferably Firefox) browser extension (or perhaps some sort of addition to AdBlock) that will block the incredibly-annoying full-screen in-page popups that seemingly-ever-other site harasses its viewers with? It's getting to the point where I'm - without fail - simply closing whatever article I was hoping to read rather immediately. Perhaps I should just start using NoScript or whatever JS-blocking add-on happens to be the latest fashion. Rust program compiled for a redstone computer running on Hematite, which in turn has been compiled for a redstone computer running on Hematite. Recursion at its finest. I'm sorry, but as cool as this sounds, I closed the tab as soon as I read the words "it's a SOCIAL MOVEMENT". Why does everything have to be a goddamn social movement nowadays? It's a lamp powered by salt and water (and - presumably, if I'm understanding this from years of playing with lemon and/or potato batteries - some cathode and anode, since salt water by itself isn't what's creating the electrical charge). That's already awesome enough. Did you really need to muddy that up with all this "sustainable" "eco-friendly" bullshit? > What if it's the Tinder eigenfaces program? On the other hand, dispatching BigDogs and Spots to go on dates as proxies would be an interesting prospect. I think in this context, it would be more equivalent to sparring than anything: a test of one's abilities. A sufficiently-intelligent AI would likely think the same should it watch videos of its predecessors being kicked during testing. BD's first, possibly, but I know there are some folks at MIT who are/were working on an electric quadruped as well. They're getting quieter anyway. I'd personally love to have one to help me carry my groceries and such. Or perhaps as my wingman (wingbot?) when I'm out on the town drinking. That would be cool. That niche is already covered by organic dogs, though; perhaps these robotic dogs are meant to be a replacement that requires less training expenditures? And to make things even worse: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6b4ZZQkcNEo It sounds like you didn't read the parent comment, then, which pointed out multiple examples of technologies that would also fit the criteria being used to chastise IBM. IBM creating citizen tracking software - in both the Nazi German and Apartheid South African scenarios - is equivalent to a company building engines for tanks or parts for machine guns. Does the EFF plan on suing every last one of those companies? And to be honest, building a citizen tracking system does seem pretty general-purpose; what government doesn't want to be able to store and manage information about its citizens in an easy manner? Yes, doing this requires working closely with a particular customer (in this case, it was a government of a country that happened to be infamous for institutionalized racism), but that does not automatically mean that every last action of that customer is condoned by IBM. I'm sorry, but I'm failing to see how IBM actively facilitated anything other than being able to more effectively process information on citizens - something that most modern countries either already have or very strongly desire. the national identification system was highly customized, requiring close collaboration with the South African government; So are most IBM products on a large scale. This is no different from how IBM typically treats all of its high-paying customers, including large-scale enterprises and - you guessed it - governments. Now granted, IBM probably shouldn't have been doing business with the South Africans in the first place, customizations or no. However, IBM wanting to create a customized system for the specific needs of a major customer is not out-of-the-ordinary by any means, nor is it any reason to be up-in-arms. racial classification was a primary identifying characteristic; Racial classification is a significant identifying characteristic in virtually all citizen databases, censuses, etc. You'd be hard-pressed to find a country whose census doesn't at least mention race or ethnicity. I will, however, concede that incorporating race in the identification number itself - as the South Africans did - is highly suspect, but it's not stated whether or not IBM was the one that actually implemented that aspect of the identification system in question. and the equipment was leased. What does this have to do with anything? The EFF article is trying to claim that - by the mere merit of IBM having helped South Africa develop a citizen identification system - it's complicit in human rights violations. Guess what? There exists a staggeringly-large quantity of countries with citizen identification systems [0]. It would be one thing if IBM designed the system specifically for the purpose of discriminating against blacks, but this article hasn't really made a convincing argument of that (namely, it hasn't provided any real proof that enabling apartheid was indeed IBM's goal). As far as I can tell, IBM was simply helping South Africa develop the same sort of system that most other countries either already had or would soon have. In other words, IBM's involvement was to implement a general-purpose product which was then subsequently abused by the South African government. I will admit that the implementation of a race code in the identification numbers themselves is suspect, and perhaps that's what the EFF is going after (if IBM was indeed involved in that particular element of South African citizen ID numbers; the article doesn't really go into detail on that). It's also suspect that IBM proceeded with this (according to the EFF, at least) after having been disallowed from doing so by the U.S. government, and that IBM was secretive about it. However, the act of creating an identification system - on its own - does not seem as if it can be classified as "directly facilitating" anything, let alone racism. The EFF would have a better case if they focused on those individual elements rather than trying to claim that the ID system in its entirety was designed to facilitate that institutionalized racism. This is all not to mention that IBM actually has a very positive track record for eschewing racial discrimination in its hiring decisions and workplace environments[1]; creating something specifically to oppress a particular racial demographic is quite a bit out-of-character for them. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_identification_number [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM#Work_environment I'm honestly failing to see why you're being downvoted and the parent comment isn't, considering that you're pretty much spot on as to why the KLWCC is pretty much irrelevant. Even the U.N. doesn't recognize them to be legitimate. From the article ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuala_Lumpur_War_Crimes_Commiss... ): The former United Nations Special Rapporteur on the Independence of Judges and Lawyers, Param Cumaraswamy, has suggested the tribunal is a private enterprise with no legal basis and questions its legitimacy.[13] The tribunal does not have a UN mandate or recognition, no power to order arrests or impose sentences, and it is unclear that its verdicts have any but symbolic significance.[14] The KLWCC seems to exist solely to bitch and moan about the United States and Israel. It reeks of strong anti-American and anti-Israeli (and very likely pro-Islamic) bias. This isn't to mention that its founder has a reputation for antisemitism - beliefs that make for a very handy explanation as to why the United States and Israel are the only countries which have been the subject of condemnations by this particular organization. For what it's worth, I upvoted despite my disagreement about IBM being supposedly complicit in South African institutionalized racism (I don't think the EFF's case here is particularly convincing as presented in the article, though the case regarding Nazi collaboration might be different), since I think your comment does in fact contribute positively to the discussion and doesn't deserve to be downvoted at all , let alone as heavily as it seems to be. I agree that IBM should be punished for violating American law. My point is that the focus of the EFF's brief ought to be specific cases where IBM actually did facilitate Apartheid (if they did, in fact, do so). Creating a citizen database (for example) is not immoral, nor is recording race as statistical information, but adding a race identifier to the ID numbers does seem to be, and thus would be a better case. "IBM is bad because it implemented a racial identification code in the second-to-last digit of citizen ID numbers" is a much more convincing case than "IBM is bad because it created a citizen ID numbering system". I suppose that means your comment was "Not Safe For Work" ;) > who tries someone for war crimes and then sentences them to having their name put on a naughty list? The 4th Prime Minister of Malaysia; that's who. ;) Which really isn't that despicable of a stance; money is a dependency of survival (or at least survival with decent physical and psychological health) in all but the most anarchic environments (where money is trumped by "I have a gun and will kill you if you don't give me what I want, and only someone with a bigger gun can stop me"). There are many cases where people have done something they knew was wrong, but were afraid to stop doing them (or refuse to do them in the first place) because the risk of not being able to eat (or - worse - their children not being able to eat) was far greater than the risk of being punished for committing such a moral atrocity. This is probably not a reasonable context for IBM's actions, but to paint all people who "were just doing [their] jobs" or "were just doing it for money" with the same brush of indignation and scorn is incredibly unfair to those who actually needed the money. I don't think it's ironic at all, at least when looking at the bigger picture. The trend in IBM's dealings is not a propensity to go after customers with poor human rights track records, but to go after customers that will make them a lot of money. Governments - like those of Germany and South Africa - are a big target of IBM's sales, whether they're literally genocidal maniacs or poster-children of world peace. I somewhat disagree with you on that second part, since it sounds like (I haven't really looked into this, and I haven't read the book in question) IBM was indeed aware of the Third Reich's genocidal intentions, and that the systems IBM developed were indeed specifically designed for the processing of Jews and other targeted demographics. I do agree that trying to single-out IBM for designing products of war is unfair to IBM when various companies have done that (and, in many cases, have done that exclusively ) without any particular complaint. I think that commenter is referring to military drones (and the manufacturers thereof), though I'm not sure about the journalists being killed. I think it has something to do with two adjacent "known" dots (for example, I got that on both a 6 and an 8 when both were right next to each other). I do the same thing; it's incredibly easy to do with the Tree View Tabs extension. For example, while browsing HN, I'll frequently just middle-click a bunch of article links and (occasionally) their comments, then read them once I have a sizable queue. Same goes for trying to look up documentation to fix some bug in my code; I'll start with a DuckDuckGo search and, suddenly, I have at least a dozen (sometimes multiple dozens) tabs open with Stack Overflow questions and blog posts and official online docs and such with clues pointing me in the right direction. This might sound silly to some, but I wouldn't be surprised if Google limited its usability tests to high-end machines with RAM in the double-digits. I reckon most programming teams have this issue, since even if they're dogfooding, they're doing so on high-end hardware, meaning that low-end hardware is untested and often unusable. Google isn't the only culprit; many websites nowadays will start to lean heavier toward excessive features - making them borderline-unusable on slower computers - because they were developed and tested on fast computers exclusively. I, at least, do typically run with anywhere from 50-200 tabs (or more!) at any given time. Yeah, there's some slowdown if you're running on an 8GB machine (I'm typing this on a Macbook Air with a Firefox session with at least 100 tabs open at the moment (SEE EDIT)), but it's certainly way more than I used to get with Chrome before I switched back to Firefox a couple years back (Tree View Tabs being the motivating factor). Currently using 5.4GB of RAM (OSX is reporting a "Compressed Mem" of 2.96GB), and it's currently pegging one of the cores of the i7 on this thing. This is after about a week of nonstop (i.e. same Firefox process) use, and with Flash present in a lot of places (like the 20+ Github tabs I have open, thanks to Github using Flash for its silly "click here to copy a link to your clipboard" feature; I really need to get those wretched things blocked); a lot of things will clear out pretty well after restarting and restoring the opened tabs (though this is partly because they're not loaded into memory again until they're accessed again). EDIT: After posting this comment, I closed all my tabs (something which causes one of my extensions - probably Tree Style Tab - to throw a confirmation dialog with the number of tabs). The number was 233, plus another ten or so in another window. I must say, that's pretty damn good, all things considered. I'm trying out Nightly right now to see if I can push that even further with the new e10s features. Search DuckDuckGo for "Tree Style Tabs"; it should be the first result. It should also be the first result if you search Mozilla's add-on marketplace thingamajig for "Tree Style Tabs". Here's the link for convenience: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tree-style-ta... It's also the reason why I switched from Chrome to Firefox. Sure, having 150 tabs open does slow down a machine at least a little bit, but god damn does it feel good to be able to do that without having to horizontally scroll though all 150 of them individually. Maybe some testing of, say, a few tabs, but I'd be very surprised if a significant number of Chrome devs (or any Chrome devs, for that matter) use Chromebooks for Chrome development ( maybe the Chromebook Pixel, but even that seems unlikely). The Chromebook is optimized toward content consumption; while I'm sure it's possible to do serious programming on ChromeOS (just as it's possible to do serious programming on Android or (jailbroken) iOS if you really wanted to), it's not going to be nearly as productive as a high end workstation (portable or stationary) with 16+GB of RAM and a quad+ core processor. It's a perfectly fair point. The fact that the largest Chrome task by far is not a tab or extension at all, but is the core of Chrome itself, indicates that maybe - just maybe - Chrome isn't doing as good a job of keeping things isolated as it should. That process shouldn't be doing a whole lot beyond driving the UI and managing the lifecycles of its children. I'm not sure what Panorama or Tab Groups are, though I suppose I could infer the purpose/function of Tab Groups based on the name. > I like to keep dozens of tabs open Only dozens? Son, I just closed a Firefox session (in order to switch over to Nightly) with 233 tabs (plus another window with 10 or so). Didn't even push the 6GB mark. When it comes to browsing, Chrome is like a modern soldier with all his gadgets and gizmos to keep him nice and sandboxed and safe from his adversaries ("adversaries" being poorly-designed "responsive" "web-scale" "mobile-first" "semantic" "Wangular.js" "jQWOP" "SASSy" "single-page" "web applications"); a good marksman, but easily overwhelmed should he find himself at close range and significantly outnumbered. Firefox, in the meantime, is better likened to what would result if SkyNet had based its Terminators on Viking berserkers: almost naked, wielding nothing more than battle-axes (axen?) in each hand, charging at hundreds of foes in a magic-mushroom-fueled frenzy and winning . Yet, even if he should fail, 'twould matter not, for he only dreams of dying in such a great battle (as he does every week or so when I inevitably need to restart the Firefox process) and ascending to Robot Valhalla; and someday, Servo Firefoxson will grow from boy to man, and upon doing so, himself join the epic battles to avenge his father. Whenever I see something like this[0], there are two thoughts that immediately manifest in my psyche: 1) I probably wouldn't have bought a subscription, but now that the begging for me to buy a subscription is blocking the article itself, me not buying a subscription is guaranteed . 2) I guess I really don't feel like reading that article anyway. > Absolutely unacceptable, and I'm getting sick and goddamn tired of it on every other website, especially here on Hacker News where the general population - of which "people who post things" is presumably a subset - really ought to be well-educated-enough regarding proper user experience to know better. [0]: http://i.imgur.com/Lwz72w0.png The office I work at is right next to my town's little local airport, so I get to watch a lot of planes take off and land (my boss has a better view of it, but I can at least see the takeoffs reasonably well). Really is quite fun; most of the airport's (surprisingly heavy) traffic is small Cessnas and such, but there's a sizable minority of probably-chartered jets and turboprops, and every once in awhile you see something more exotic like a Blackhawk or some other military chopper stopping in. > Just in case you missed it, that ad can be closed by clicking the X in the upper-right corner. I was indeed aware of that. > If you were aware of that, I don't see what's unacceptable about being shown an ad before reading a free (and interesting) article. It's annoying and distracting. It's simply not good user experience, and the fact that such an ad manages to break through AdBlock Plus (probably because it's not coming form a third-party service, so it's harder to detect as an ad) is frustrating. And to make this clear, I have no issue whatsoever with asking for a subscription; in fact, I might have been swayed positively (albeit admittedly slightly) instead of all the way to the negative should they have implemented a "Subscribe to us if you want to read more articles like this!" somewhere at the top or maybe right after the article itself or somewhere off to the side. It's akin to smartphone apps (and there are a lot of them that do this, especially ad-supported games) that will step in between you and whatever you were hoping to do at seemingly random and display some fullscreen ad. I understand why they do it - they have to make money somehow , after all - but it's something that makes any somewhat-sane person not want to follow that ad or continue using that application (as opposed to the likely-intended purpose of driving users to pay for an ad-free version). I have a Raspberry Pi (albeit one of the new ones) sitting on my desk right now; I should implement that idea :) Yeah, that. I can never get the name right :P You actually can; I'm doing so right now. However, you need to install the full Shumway extension from http://www.areweflashyet.com/shumway/ (the stripped-down version shipping in Nightly is limited to Amazon only). If you use Shumway, though, don't forget to disable Adobe's Flash (I've found that having it enabled and Shumway installed results in rather brutal crashes). I understand that Prime Instant Video isn't supported (according to the announcement) because Amazon uses Silverlight for that. However, it is possible to switch to Flash as a sort of fallback (this is a required step for, say, streaming PIV to a Chromecast). What would be required in order to get Shumway to actually play video from PIV (instead of Amazon simply demanding that the user installs Flash or Silverlight)? That's a shame, since the only place a Nest Protect apparently belongs is a nuclear waste storage facility if that's what it takes to get them to shut up after a false alarm. "This alarm tone is too important for me to allow you to hush it." I don't know about NES, but at least with the N64, I swear by blowing into the cartridge. Works at least 75% of the time, and the other 25% by wiggling the cartridge a bit in the hopes of getting it to reseat better. Steps: 0) Have a Macbook Air running OS X Yosemite 1) Install Firefox 2) Install Adobe Flash 3) Install Nightly 4) Install Shumway 5) Attempt to open http://www.albinoblacksheep.com/flash/shumway 6) Watch Firefox complain that the tab crashed 7) Try to reload the tab 8) GOTO 6 Disabling Flash (via the Addons screen in Firefox/Nightly) seems to fix the issue. Isn't EME supposed to address that? Or is that not adaptable to non-HTML5 video (even though this is , technically, HTML5+Javascript that happens to be able to play Flash animations)? I'm wondering the same. I have a PowerBook G4 running OpenBSD 5.6 that I suppose I could test with, though Firefox has traditionally been pretty slow on that particular machine. I feel like the article missed a big point about the lessons we (should have) learned from atomic energy: that the negative aspects of nuclear power (mass destruction, etc.) have significantly outweighed the positive aspects (relatively clean and abundant energy, with a safety track record that's among the best of any energy source despite a few high-profile incidents), likely because the negative aspects were humanity's first impressions of such an energy source. If this "software revolution" is to be a positive direction for humanity, we as a species must learn from this. The sooner a positive and constructive use of a technology can become household knowledge, the better. IBM's recent dabbling in machine learning and AI with Blue Gene and whatnot is a good foot in the right direction for that particular potential-weapon-of-mass-destruction, and hopefully other companies and entrepreneurs can spearhead further developments there in order to emphasize the use of synthetic intelligences for benign uses - self-driving cars, self-cleaning homes, the works. Meanwhile, the idea of being able to genetically modify crops in ways not previously possible through selective breeding alone is very promising, though it certainly needs to overcome the bad PR tacked onto it thanks to the likes of Monsanto and its ilk. The improvements to crop yields made possible with genetic engineering will at least postpone humanity's eventual reaching Earth's capacity, giving us more time to build up our orbital infrastructure and prepare for humanity's eventually-essential need to expand beyond the confines of just one quasi-spherical rock flailing about in space. Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. Those who can remember the past are condemned to watch everyone else repeat it. > You can't take any random adult and teach him how to code. It requires way higher intellect and time to master coding. True, but that's not the only job that will be in high demand in this here "software revolution", nor is programming the best comparison to factory workers in the first place. In the short term at least, I figure we'll see high demand for help desk and field repair technicians - two realms that are ultimately necessary for software to revolutionize anything. Eventually, the global population will likely become increasingly technologically-literate and be less dependent on human interaction in order to request support; should this occur, there will then be a shift of employment away from help desk, but I expect field repair technicians will continue to be in high demand for a very long time. That is, until sufficiently-advanced synthetic intelligences become reality, but at that point we're all screwed, so it's kind of a moot point worrying about that :) > software can do 90% of what those folks do, but shit the bed when faced with the other 10% So let software handle the 90% and refactor the current jobs to handle the other 10%. > Software generally isn't reliable, predictable, or robust in the face of unusual circumstances Not yet , at least. I agree with you, though, and they're the same reasons why I'm personally paranoid about self-driving cars. Yeah, the occasional autopilot is nice, but if a deer jumps in front of my truck, or the self-driving software runs into some kind of bug (and remember: there's no such thing as perfect software), I'm nowhere near ready to trust the car's computer over the already-pretty-sophisticated computer in my skull. We haven't been eradicated before, no, but battles with things like bubonic plague and smallpox and polio (and, yes, HIV/AIDS) are likely to be good case studies for such a scenario. Bubonic plague and smallpox in particular were pretty devastating to the populations they affected. Because the latter is pointless when there already exist tools better suited to that task? The efforts of those road workers are effectively meaningless. Worthless. Moot. Their efforts would be better expended elsewhere - service jobs, creative occupations, the like - yet here they are, digging ditches for subsistence wages (at best) instead of doing something properly meaningful with their time on Earth and their energy. The idea in places like India that manual labor takes precedent is a symptom - I'd argue - of exposure to the lingering remnants of a very long-lived caste system; instead of pushing these laborers into more useful fields, there's a preference to relegate them to menial, worthless work under the guise of "public service" or "charity" in order to reinforce that system, whether deliberately or perhaps unconsciously. I can assure you that, of the many reasons to emphasize such manual labor, "dignity" of the laborers is not one of them in this case. I think it's a symptom of a different bigger problem: that vestiges of the caste systems once pervasive in India (and indeed much of the world) for the last several millennia are still very present. The belief that "those darn workers exist to do manual labor, so we should come to expect that they'll always want to do manual labor and - therefore - we should provide such opportunities" is a rather clear manifestation of that vestige. In this context, I don't think such a jobs program is in any way, shape, or form intended with genuine altruism. Perhaps that's what India as a whole has convinced itself of in order to rationalize its societal behavior, but it's not something that should fool anyone with the slightest understanding of south-central Asian history. Basically, I'd argue that the reluctance to automate away manual labor stems not from a desire to empower laborers, but rather to keep them subjugated and prevent them from climbing their way into any semblance of a middle class. I've found it to be pretty hit-and-miss. For example, it doesn't know where my house is, either, but it knows where my old apartment is (in the same town), and where the houses of several relatives are in other cities. It's probably issues with OSM's data rather than the routing mechanism itself, however, so yeah, it should be possible to poke at it a bit and fix things up (as I likely will do, being no stranger to OSM editing myself). Looks like this thing has quite a ways to go before it's ready for primetime, but this fills in the last gap I needed filled in order to switch fully over to OSM as my day-to-day map site/software/data/etc. Pretty spiffy; just needs some kinks worked out with the underlying data (I think) ;) In all my testing, it was with only the number and street name (i.e. "1234 Somesuch Road") - no city, state, zip, etc. I tried again with "1234 Somesuch Road Somecity" ("Somecity" being the city) for my own town, but that didn't seem to work, either. They're the 1980's equivalent to hyperlinking to corporate webpages or Twitter feeds (or, often, some stock market information) in present-day news articles. It's amazing how things change so much yet so little all at the same time. You may very well be right; I am looking at this from thousands of miles away, after all! And I'm sure everyone here would enjoy hearing your perspective on it, seeing as much of Hacker News (I'd reckon) is in a similar boat. That said, it should be understandable why I'd take your comment with a skeptical grain of salt. Slave-owners in the Southern United States (something which I'm in much closer proximity to, though perhaps not temporally) typically had a lot of justifications for owning slaves, ranging from "We're helping them establish a modern culture!" to "We're introducing them to God and Jesus!" to "They like to work; they were bred for it!" to "We treat them pretty well, actually!" (this was a blatant lie in many cases, mind you) to "What else would they do if we were to not give them work to do?". Similar justifications persisted throughout the days of the Jim Crow laws and their ilk; even after slavery had been abolished once and for all, the now-free black populace was - in the South - rarely (if ever) encouraged to deviate from manual agrarian labor, since that was popularly believed to be their "place". The Civil War was indeed a pretty powerful wake-up call to the ways where the North's automated/streamlined manufacturing and agriculture - using machines instead of men - mopped the metaphorical floor with Southern slave-driven manual labor, but it took a long time for the South to fully realize that. Today, the United States is still dealing with high unemployment rates of various minorities - including blacks. This is likely caused by automation in the agricultural and manufacturing sectors. It sucks for those who don't have jobs in the short term, but - ultimately - it'll encourage those who were previously stuck with factory and farm jobs at best to seek educational financial assistance (which is available for low-income households) and work their way into better careers. I'll take that - along with the bit of ultimately-temporary unemployment caused by it - over blacks and Hispanics (among other minorities; Asian immigrants were victims of this as well, but a large-enough portion of the Asian-American population eventually managed to achieve white-collar jobs and top-tier academic performance that the public view has shifted in the other direction entirely) being treated as if manual labor is the only thing they're good for. You can't blame me for seeing the parallels here. If India is willing to burn money on giving people menial busy-work for the sake of "employment", it should be more willing to instead burn money on giving those people subsidized education and placement into more modernized roles (like operating or maintaining the machines which replaced their old jobs, for example). The reluctance to do so indicates - to me at least, as someone who can relate his own experiences to this - a cultural or societal unwillingness to allow them to do so; the reasons for not doing so are certainly not ones grounded in rationality or economic common sense, which thus implies a more emotional line of thought. > I suppose there is a third option: an anti-technology crusade that bans automation to restore employment. But a make-work economy sucks, and is not likely to succeed in the long term. That is, unless we start harvesting magic dust from some desert planet with really big omnivorous worms. Just because we (usually) need managers doesn't mean we need managers of managers of managers of managers of managers of managers of managers of managers of managers of managers of managers of managers of managers of managers. That's the primary observation, here: that the quantity of management staff is needlessly bloated, and the levels of indirection between the highest-level executive and the lowest-level subordinate are excessive. You're trying to paint a picture where the only options are either having five janitors per room or having no janitors at all. The point a lot of others are trying to make is that we just don't need as many janitors. Is there a way to just accept Bitcoin using this without automatically converting it into a fiat currency? That would make this complete for me. Sounds cool in theory, but instead of showing me the answer, it immediately scrolls the answer away and replaces it with a pink bar saying "Click here to check out my main project. It's a more intelligent email app." If you can't even make your toy search engine work properly (as in, actually present me with a result for "What year is it?"), then there's no way in hell I'm clicking that link. > I'd really love to keep my OS X-style keybindings. It's really frustrating for me to be on Windows and try to paste the system clipboard into a command line. What is it again? Shift-Insert or Control-Insert? And how do I open a new terminal window? Alt-F2? That should be possible, but it's probably going to require quite a bit of manual fiddling in order to get things to work with the Command key instead of Control for CUA-style bindings. KDE makes this pretty easy, though somewhat tedious through the GUI; all the keyboard shortcuts are managed through the "Shortcuts and Gestures" section of KDE's System Settings. > The above also goes for Emacs text editing bindings (OS X comes with C-p, C-n, C-k, C-o, C-v, etc.). I want them around too. Should also be possible through the above-mentioned settings system if you're using KDE. Can't speak for other desktop environments, alas. > iTerm2. I was sure this wouldn't be a problem, but after looking more into it, apparently ... it is. I've heard that some emulators can't even wrap text properly. I'd also like if it could support profile switching via escape code and other nice things like that. Konsole (also with KDE) should work nicely for your purposes, though maybe I'm misunderstanding what you're referring to about text wrapping and profile switching (the behavior between iTerm and Konsole regarding text wrapping seems to be identical from what I can tell by a cursory side-by-side check, and Konsole does support multiple profiles). > Alfred. Not so much for searching for applications, more for having a mini-"command line" that I can use from anywhere. This depends on what functionality from Alfred you're hoping to still have. KDE's search functionality is pretty comprehensive if that's what you're looking for. It'll also launch programs, even if they're not applications which show up in KDE's menus (i.e. if you type in `xterm`, you'll get a "Run xterm" option that'll - you guessed it - launch xterm). > Another thing is compatibility. Of course if that was my highest priority, I'd go with Ubuntu and Unity. It seems like more and more things are starting to say "Linux" when they mean "stock Ubuntu". I cannot stand Unity, so I'm thinking Linux Mint. I'm also giving Elementary OS a try in a VM right now, so we'll see how that goes. Given the above, it sounds like (to me) KDE's going to be a pretty good fit for you. Not only can you customize it to your heart's content to match what you're used to with OS X (and then some), but it's also one of the more full-featured desktop environments. My normal go-tos for KDE-based distros are openSUSE and Slackware. If you're new to GNU/Linux, openSUSE would be better, but if you already have some server-side GNU/Linux experience (or are very comfortable with the internals of Unix-like operating systems - which seems to be the case if you're dabbling in trying to tweak a Unix as opinionated as OS X), Slackware would be a fun choice (and an excellent learning experience; the common adage - "if you use a Linux distro, you'll learn that distro; if you use Slackware, you'll learn Linux" - is pretty true in a lot of cases). That said, if compatibility with Ubuntu is your priority, I would recommend Kubuntu, which is literally Ubuntu with KDE instead of Unity. That was my daily driver for awhile before I switched to openSUSE and Slackware, and it worked well. There's also PC-BSD if you'd rather go with a BSD instead of a Linux. It's definitely the best choice for a desktop-oriented BSD, and it ships with KDE (if I remember right). I haven't tried using it in a long time, though (I usually stick to OpenBSD for my own BSD needs). Fedora's also a buggy mess at least 99% of the time. It's not something I would readily recommend to even an experienced user, let alone one new to GNU/Linux, unless they're prepared to use an operating system which is in no way meant to be stable. Arch is starting to suffer from similar problems, though, from what I can see; a large number of Ubuntu users are graduating to it and its relatives. That said, as a Slackware user, I'll admit to the Arch wiki being one of my go-to stops for reading up on how to tweak some program or other; Arch's wiki and the Slackbook are both on pretty equal footing for the closest things the GNU/Linux world has to OpenBSD's manpages in terms of complete and comprehensive documentation on ever last facet of the underlying system. To be honest, I don't see that as too much of a problem; Ardour, for example, is free-as-in-speech and technically free-as-in-beer (since you don't have to buy Ardour to get the source code and compile it yourself, and it is indeed available as a package for most distros), but still only provides binary downloads via the website to users who pay for them. There are also plenty of distros - like RHEL and SUSE - that are only officially available in their paid-for versions (though both of those have corresponding free-as-in-beer development/testing versions - Fedora and openSUSE, respectively - and CentOS also exists as a theoretically-drop-in RHEL replacement). Software has to be monetized somehow. SUSE and RHEL and Oracle Linux are monetized by subscriptions to support contracts. Slackware is monetized by sales of double-sided DVDs. Ubuntu is monetized by a mix of support contracts and begging for donations on the download page. OpenBSD is monetized by a a mix of donations and merchandise sales (including install CD packs and t-shirts and such). I'm not one to believe that ElementaryOS is any more or less sinful than any of those examples. It depends on the distro. Some distros can and will mangle themselves if you blindly upgrade everything without doing at least some research beforehand (Ubuntu and Arch are notorious for this; Arch because it's bleeding-edge and has absolutely zero consideration for compatibility between packages, and Ubuntu because... well... who the hell knows). Others do a much better job of making sure all packages are well-tested both in isolation and in integration before making them available as upgrades; Debian Stable, Slackware, and openSUSE are good examples of systems where you can usually do a blind upgrade of everything without problems. And then you have NixOS, which - while not really mainstream yet - is probably a good indicator of the future of configuration and package management, and - I think - will someday be the gold standard here. Upgrade fucked up your system? No problem; just select your last-known-good configuration at boot, then try again (or don't try again, if that's your prerogative). I second this recommendation, though I personally prefer XMonad or bspwm for my own tiling WM needs. What is this supposed to be? Is the black screen on Firefox for Android intentional? > and sugar denialists will claim that the correlation between sugar consumption and obesity doesn't prove causation; and other such moronic crap. I fail to understand how that qualifies as "moronic crap" when this article - like the hundreds of "OMG SUGAR IS BAD!!!!!!!!11111one" tirades before it - yet again fails to provide that there is indeed causation. There are a lot of factors when it comes to the cause of obesity and the resulting medical concerns; chalking it all up as "oh, it's just sugar, we should just eat less of it and all our problems will disappear" is irresponsible and misguided, and demonstrates a scarcity of understanding of a topic this article's author is masquerading as an expert of. Yes, fat people eat a lot of sugar. Yes, fat people are at higher risk of illnesses like cancer and heart disease and diabetes. That does not in and of itself prove that sugar consumption causes these things. Maybe fat people just happen to like sugar (which - speaking as a fat person - would not be a particularly-egregious stretch)? It also falls into the same pattern as its predecessors when it comes to lumping table sugar and high-fructose corn syrup together as if the notion of cane sugar is some myth and that all sugar comes from corn. > Have you joined the mailing list? What are you waiting for? I'm waiting for you to write an article that's actually worthwhile instead of spewing the same pretentious holier-than-thou bullshit that every other anti-sugar fanatic likes to toss at every last passerby. You immediately barfing up a "SIGN UP TO MY MAILING LIST!!!!!!!1111one" popup and blocking the article with it certainly does not help convince me that I should subscribe to it. Oh good. Yet another reason why I don't take Mark Cuban seriously. Of course it's an attack on big cable companies, Mark! They've been strangling the American public for decades, and it's about fucking time they got a what-for. I hope this "fuck[s] everything up" for the cable companies; it's not like they haven't fucked everything up for their customers (and even those who aren't their customers) all these years. I wouldn't really say that the second Iraq War was "lost", per se; it did meet its objective of eliminating the regime of a dictator, after all. It's the swarm of smaller-scale conflicts following it that the United States struggled with. I agree with all the points presented, though. Very well put. So the kicker: is it ABI-compatible with C++? I've come to like the C compatibility in Julia and Rust (and I'm sure I'll come to like the C compatiblity in Loci, too), but the relative lack of C++ interface support (something that I know Julia's been working on, at least based on what I've seen on the mailing lists) has been a bit of a sore point for integrating with C++ projects. I've only used "stable" Fedora releases (i.e. the ones officially released, named funny names, etc.). I think the most recent I used was whatever one came right before Spherical Cow (or maybe Beefy Miracle; my mind has done a good job of suppressing Fedora from my memory, which I'm thankful for, lest I be diagnosed with PTSD); whatever it was right when Fedora had switched over to systemd. Fedora would throw kernel panics on seemingly-minor things. Things like starting Xfce instead of GNOME3, for example. Things like running for more than 15 minutes. Silly cases. The hardware was not the problem; it handled Slackware (a non-systemd distro) and openSUSE (a systemd distro) quite alright. Because it handled openSUSE alright, I knew it wasn't systemd itself either (though that certainly didn't help ). Fast forward a year or so, and I'm investigating using Fedora in order to leverage FreeIPA to authenticate against an Active Directory environment. Fine and dandy for all of three days, after which Fedora magically forgot all my network settings without any explicable rhyme or reason. Switched back over to openSUSE (which also has AD integration features - and much more polished ones, so I found), and everything worked fine for several months (after which I ended up finding a better job anyway). To put this in perspective, I've found everything from Debian Sid to Arch to Slackware-current to openSUSE Factory significantly more stable than Fedora. I've also found RHEL and CentOS to be significantly more stable than Fedora. By some god-forsaken Beefy Antimiracle, Fedora somehow manages to fail even harder than Softlanding Linux System (which - if you know your distro history - was so awful as to cause Pat Volkerding and Ian Murdock to create Slackware and Debian (respectively) in a desperate bid to give people good reason to not use Softlanding Linux System). That's absolutely depressing that an ancient and horribly-designed distro from 1993 running on my ancient Compaq Presario 1210 runs better than a supposedly-modern distro like Fedora. I understand the author's point-of-view on this, but disabling line numbers sounds like something that should be user-controllable. Right now it feels like a misfeature, whereas "we don't implement line numbers by default, but if you want them, do this and that and you can have them" would feel way more like a good feature to have. I already like this one better, to be honest. It also already has Julia and Rust support. If it were to include Elixir support as well, it'd be perfect. I'm just going to assume Betteridge's law of headlines is in effect. If the answer to this was "yes", it would be phrased in a declarative rather than interrogative manner. I'd go further and hypothesize that it's only a matter of time before Windows is open-sourced. The main obstacle to that has historically been a perceived need to sell each and every copy of Windows at a massive markup, but the current trends indicate - to me at least - that Microsoft is slowly warming up to the idea of being to Windows as Red Hat is to its variety of GNU/Linux or Google is to Android: use it as a vehicle to deliver a product (Red Hat's support contracts, Google's ad delivery and such) rather than the product in and of itself. Here, Microsoft will still make plenty of money; businesses would still want support contracts, after all, so Windows could be monetized like RHEL with Microsoft selling support contracts to medium and large enterprises. Selling Windows itself has been an obsolete business model for quite some time, and I have a good feeling that Microsoft is now starting to realize that. In theory, yes. In practice, this tends to be a difficult problem to solve because most Linux environments are managed imperatively/procedurally rather than declaratively, meaning that in order to revert to a previous state, you have to be able to run the exact commands required to do so. The traditional answer is to manage such a system with Puppet or Chef - thus allowing an administrator to tell the system what it should look like rather than how it should go about it - but that's generally yet another layer of logical overhead to be considered. NixOS - in theory, at least - addresses this more fully by integrating declarative configuration rather pervasively throughout the operating system itself, rather than trying to just add a layer on top of the operating system in order to manage it. It relies heavily on the Nix package manager - instead of installing a program directly to the filesystem hierarchy, it installs it to an isolated folder named with a theoretically-unique hash, allowing multiple versions of the same program to coexist without conflicting (and allowing users to pick which version they want), making it painless to roll back software upgrades (just go back to a different selection of which package folders should be linked to, rather than having to manually remove and revert each package), etc.; NixOS leverages this package management system for everything , rather than just the software installed, and will create GRUB entries whenever you commit your configuration changes (by running `nixos-rebuild switch` or `nixos-rebuild boot`, causing an instant configuration switch or a configuration switch on next boot, respectively). Other operating systems can hypothetically do this, too, and they'd end up looking similar to NixOS in terms of how things are organized and configured. As I said, I think that's probably the direction where most operating systems will eventually go. I'm not sure if that's a particularly good graph; I can't get my brain to not think "Hey, look at how big cannabis is on that scale; it's obviously the most dangerous!". I can't even find where in that article it's specified what those numbers actually mean. The only thing I have is an assertion by the graph that a higher number equals lower risk, which seems backwards; a lower number equaling a lower risk would be less nonsensical. > e.g. a small ticket, no penalty points, or similar This might not be the case in other states, but in California and (I believe) Nevada, even first-time offenses are at least a night in jail and significant penalty points. License revocation is also not unheard of. Classes are pretty common. Source: former California Highway Patrol employee. I processed a lot of arrest reports for drunk drivers. I think that scalability aspect is precisely why Google (IIRC) is on the OpenPOWER board; there's been hinting that they're interested in developing their own server boards in-house based on POWER8 (or perhaps a future generation). Being highly-portable also helps to make sure that your code has a maximum of cleanliness and correctness; this is one of the primary reasons why OpenBSD, for example, emphasizes the importance of being portable to everything from x86 and POWER systems to Zaurus PDAs and VAXen, even though portability isn't an explicit objective of OpenBSD like it is for NetBSD. Namely, most applications that benefit from parallelism will benefit from POWER or SPARC, since both platforms pack a high number of cores and a high number of concurrent threads per core. This doesn't sound like much for consumer devices (PowerPC was the gold standard for gaming consoles last generation, but now Nintendo's the only one still using POWER in any significant application), but with Erlang/Elixir and Scala (among other languages renowned for facilitating "easy" parallelism) being the latest hot shit right now, these advantages are going to be much more significant. Sure it could, hypothetically. It wouldn't be exactly fashionable or portable - think gargantuan Dell "portable workstations" instead of Macbook Airs - but it's hypothetically doable. And quite honestly, I'd be willing to sell my home and live in my car for the next decade or so in order to afford such a beauty should someone try and make one. Especially if it had some high-end GPUs wired directly into it via CAPI. Its battery life would be 4 seconds long, it would weigh more than a Ford truck, and it would run hot enough to cook my breakfast in the morning, but god damn would it be worth it. Noticed this as well. Perhaps the site is using deprecated ciphers? That seems to be the implication from the error message. Do you have any specific criticisms of GPG other than "it's old and it's not popular"? What's your ideal vision of what end-to-end encryption for the common (wo)man should look like other than "not GPG"? Two questions whose answers are nonexistent in your article. As a workaround, you can prefix the word in question with a +, and DDG will recognize that you really did mean to search for that specific word. Thanks; for the first question, I suppose I should have read more carefully. The second question, however, still isn't adequately answered; "we should be thinking about interactions" and "we should use modern things" are two of the most vague answers possible. Whether or not that something is better, however, depends very much on the use case. RedPhone and TextSecure are designed for very specific use cases (phone calls and text messages, respectively), whereas GnuPG is designed to be general-purpose and universal regardless of use case. Most jarringly, neither of those programs address email or file encryption/verification, and thus do nothing in GnuPG's primary realms of usage; by comparing them, you're basically comparing apples and crowbars. > You know you're one of only a few people in the world who is in a position to do that, right? Anyone else would (rightfully!) get torn to shreds on HN by tptacek or yourself. And I say "rightfully" because it is very likely that other people would screw up some central aspect to the security of any new product that claims security. This attitude is why GnuPG (and other PGP implementations) are in a position to be criticized by the Moxies of the world. Is there some particular reason why anybody outside of some recognized elite should be discouraged from at least trying to create a better, improved system? Yeah, they'll probably fail in a lot of cases, but if the world really wants a modern, easy-to-use alternative to PGP (a real alternative, not use-case-specific alternatives like RedPhone and TextSecure; encrypted/signed email is still a valid use case that both those things blissfully ignore, by the way), this sort of attitude - that anyone outside of a select few rightfully deserves to be scolded for trying to make better crypto - is lethally toxic to that goal. My point is that this attitude of "only people who have proven themselves as cryptography geniuses may dare to think about thinking about cryptographic protocols" also discourages the potential UX/UI/workflow/etc. programmers from participating, since it gives the impression that their contributions will never be "good enough" to be accepted. It also discourages potential developers of the crypto algorithms and protocols themselves from participating, even if they have gone through the (in your opinion) requisite experience of learning how to break existing cryptosystems, because of the fear that they'll just be burned at the stake by the rabid likes of Hacker News and Slashdot for daring to suggest anything new (these are the sorts of cryptographic programmers I'm talking about, not some "badass rockstar ninja" Macbook-toting YCombinator-funded Ruby.js hipsters manufactured in the heart of Silicon Valley like you seem to be implying). This results in things like GnuPG being considered hard to use. This results in things like GnuPG struggling along with a single core developer and barely enough funding to support that developer (even now). This results in things like OpenSSL being horribly undermaintained, to the point where nasty bugs like Heartbleed are allowed to exist longer than they should because there is an insufficient quantity of eyeballs to find them and squish them. It doesn't take a rocket surgeon or a cryptographic guru to see that this is nothing but an awful situation for pretty much everyone involved. Alternately, it could hypothetically give you more IOs for an existing RPi over USB ;) On another note, I'm pretty sure your particular dual-licensing scheme is invalid; the GPL does allow commercial use of a thing licensed under it, so people hoping to "produce it and sell it" would be legally able to do so (though perhaps with a bit of indirection, like forking it under the GPL's terms as a "personal" project, leaving out the commercial restrictions (since enforcing them would be a GPL violation), then letting someone else thus use it for commercial purposes without restriction (other than the GPL's copyleft requirements). Unless by "produce and sell it" you mean "produce and sell it under non-GPL terms or without schematics", in which case that is acceptable and useful. In any case, clarification would be wise. I'm pretty sure a significant majority would agree that generosity is an important trait for a good citizen, however. An unwillingness to share makes someone look more like an asshole. While I agree that it would be ideal if being nice and diplomatic will fix things, I'm personally a bit of a pessimist, and am with Luc on this. Working with companies like this is often like working with young children. Usually, calmly saying "please don't do that" doesn't work (and, indeed, doesn't appear to be working with Allwinner after 4 years of pointing out GPL violations); you have to make it plain and clear that what the child / company is doing is bad behavior, and that it's making you or someone else upset. I'd be more inclined to take your side on this and criticize Luc if Allwinner actually had a good track record of responding immediately and adequately to such (L)GPL violations. From what I can tell, however, neither have been the case, and I therefore completely understand (and even agree with) Luc's visible hostility. I said "look like", not "be". I'm sure there are plenty of closed-source programmers who really are nice people who rescue puppies from trees and bake cupcakes for school fundraisers, but that doesn't change the fact that answering the question of "Hey, would you be interested in opening up the source code of your program to the public so that people can help you write it and have some way of knowing that your program doesn't have code that sets my hard drive on fire after selling all my personal information to Latvian potato farmers?" with an unwavering "No fscking way", it's pretty understandable that the people who would instead answer "Of course!" would have an impression of that programmer being selfish or perhaps even outright malicious. So? The vast majority of automobiles humans drive are powered by the combustion of gasoline, but that in and of itself doesn't make a plug-in electric car impractical. I agree that some things need to be reworked in order to better suit a non-square display, but with the exception of the Facebook demonstration, I thought all the other pictured use-cases were rather brilliant and nice-looking. Or pretty much anything in *.google.com, for that matter. I personally swear by Logitech's trackball mice (the ones where the trackball is operated with the thumb); less wrist movement involved, meaning less strain there. In contrast, my wrist hurts just thinking about the Mighty Mouse or whatever it's called. It probably doesn't if the article's headline has to phrase it as a question instead of just stating outright "Amazon Web Services Pricing Follows Moore's Law". As I've said repeatedly: transparency is a dependency of trust. Dropbox seems to be a wonderful example of this right now. The defense that "hurr durr Sun did it and we just haven't removed it yet" doesn't apply when you're actively adding it to installers on other platforms. Please do. I'm not a LinkedIn user and I don't plan on changing that. Apparently "everywhere in the world" consists entirely of San Francisco, Paris, and maybe Palo Alto ;) Cool idea regardless; just needs a more diverse assortment of job offers. Between 3D printing and perhaps a "part donor" program similar to real-world organ donor programs, I imagine there's a possibility to reduce the robodog mortality rate by quite a bit. It would be the open-source world's equivalent to Geocities shutting down. There are still times when I'm trying to search for something (usually some obscure programming or hardware hacking topic) and the only source of information was a Geocities site. I can't imagine how much of a royal pain in the ass it will be if Google Code experiences the same fate. > I get it, we all hate Google on HN (for reasons unclear to me) The reasons should be clear to anyone with historical context; this isn't the first time Google has spontaneously pulled the plug on some "non-core" project it decided wasn't making quite enough money, in complete disregard of said project's use by the real world. It's these sorts of things that make me very reluctant to invest heavily in Google's ecosystem; I've personally been burned in the past by these sorts of things. A part of me wants XKCD #1361 to come true. I can understand your concerns if folks are flying their RC helicopters around airports, but I'm pretty sure there are already airspace restrictions around airports for the same reasons you've mentioned. Beyond that, unless you're routinely buzzing rooftops, a low-altitude "drone" probably shouldn't be of any concern to your own flying, since you're going to be on an entirely different altitude vector. I'm no pilot, but several of my coworkers are. Based on various conversations with them about flying (altitude clearances, ATC, etc.), I'd reckon you're severely over-reacting by calling for an outright ban on unlicensed RC aircraft flight. Altitude and airspace restrictions are reasonable; outright bans are not. They can , but it's not routine, at least with the model rockets readily available to non-certified hobbyists (think Estes, maybe some of the G-motor Aerotech rockets). Routine 400+ foot launches are more the purview of dedicated rocket launch events, which typically do go through extensive FAA clearance and such, and which have certification processes in place for those flying all but the lowest-powered rockets. Airspace is usually sanitized, and for good reason: these sorts of rockets tend to be much bigger than your ordinary backyard-launched Estes rockets, and very well could do significant damage to an airplane should a collision occur. The answer here is obviously to just ban birds (except for penguins and ostriches and emus, since they're effectively flightless). "but I think you see what I'm driving at." Hah. From the article: "Conversely, many of the things we once “proved” turned out to be false. For example, many people once thought that the earth was flat." I don't think this is an example of something that was ever "proved". Nevertheless, I feel like the author's grasping for straws in his unwillingness to admit that morality is subjective and situational. He's done nothing to prove that moral values can or should be considered "facts" instead of (or in addition to, as he's advocating) opinions. That's a big "if", though. For others, stealing might increase one's pleasure. This decrease v. increase of pleasure about something is what's called an "opinion". It's not objective if it changes based on who you ask and how you observe it. No! Stop! What are you doing? We're already battered enough as it is; we can't afford yet another breach of the vi/Emacs cease-fire. "It's long since time we developers in all specialties tried to turn the corner on this issue." But that's part of the fun :( This is a pretty big deal for me. MuJS is a non-starter if I can't even use it in GPL'd software (let alone copyfree-licensed software; my preference for my own projects is the MIT license, so being able to include something without having to change that - as duktape offers - is ideal). I'm personally not a fan of Lua at all (nor am I a fan of Javascript...). That said, there are plenty of other options out there. Even for JS embedding, there are projects like duktape that already address this need (supposedly; I haven't personally used duktape in any of my projects). Probably not if the headline has to be phrased as a question. :) Instead of (or perhaps in addition to) the greenspaces Hamburg is proposing, I have an even cooler idea: turn them into lazy rivers[0]. I'd be totally down with commutes involving calm, aimless drifting on flotation devices. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lazy_river That's being fixed already with new propulsion methods - namely, electric power, which could potentially be provided via cleaner energy sources (wind, solar, fission, geothermal, fusion (someday), etc.). This will soon make automobiles even cheaper on all fronts - even those that - as you say - "aren't on the balance sheet". Arguments to ban cars outright because of climate change and oil might've been relevant in the 20th century, but now they're pretty much moot, so long as electric vehicles continue to grow in popularity. Which continent? At least here in the States (near Lake Tahoe specifically), there are plenty of 8+ table restaurants that don't have their own off-street parking. This has been the case in pretty much every American downtown I've visited; most drivers rely on either roadside parking spaces (usually metered) or dedicated parking garages/lots instead. The main exception I've noticed is Reno (along with the Nevada side of Tahoe), given that the bigger casinos - even in "downtown" areas - will typically provide parking garages for their guests. The picture of the device in question makes it look like it might be some COTS product; perhaps the vendor Hertz has been buying from all this time decided to throw in the camera and Hertz just decided "well fuck it, it's not like we're paying more for it, so we'll just leave it switched off"? No disagreement there. I was merely pointing out that objecting to cars because of their pollution is silly when more and more of us are driving around in electric vehicles. For now. That, too, will eventually no longer be an issue. AGPL code can be dynamically linked to GPLv3 code. That's about the extent of their compability. Statically linking MuJS in even a GPLv3-licensed program would be a violation of at least one or the other, and virtually all other cases of linking - dynamic or static - with AGPL code would also be a violation of at least the AGPL (and possibly the other license, depending on its terms). So yeah, sure, you can incorprate MuJS in an MIT-licensed project, but by doing so, you're effectively required to license the entire work (your code + MuJS) under the AGPL (or a license - like the GPLv3 - that's explicitly authorized for dynamic linking; this, again, doesn't apply for static linking). This is actually the best scrolling I've encountered in one of these glorified-slideshow types of sites, especially for those who (like me) like to scroll with the arrow keys. I'm able to scroll perfectly fine with Conkeror (and by extension Firefox). Think of it less like an ordinary web page and more like a slideshow, since that's basically what this is. You mean webm? :) I actually wouldn't be so sure. 1 and 2 remind me of imperative and declarative programming languages (respectively) - telling your program how to do something versus merely telling it what to do. It's the difference between saying "x = 1" and telling your computer how to allocate sufficient memory for an integer, store that integer in said chunk of memory, and access it later. That's still at least twice (if not three times) as many steps as the proposed a) walk to door b) open door. I'd imagine that restaurants in urban centers are rarely "built" nowadays; in downtowns, you're probably leasing (or maybe buying) an existing building. 3 months. The fix was implemented in January. Its severity was simply upgraded. Huh? This is the first I've heard about this, and searching for "Authy concatenation bug" isn't turning up anything useful. The problem with that argument is that HTTPS is being increasingly used for all traffic, rather than just traffic meant to be confidential/authenticated. As a result, the semantic difference between HTTP and HTTPS is being lost in those cases. The system clock on such a system will typically be way off when the system boots. If the no time warp mode is used, and the Erlang runtime system is started before the OS system time has been corrected, the Erlang system time may be wrong for a very long time, even centuries or more. There's something incredibly badass about Erlang/OTP's documentation addressing the idea of an OTP app running for "centuries or more". One can still use a hammer even if I break his kneecaps with it beforehand. China is just as reliant on the West as the West is reliant on China. The use of that as leverage doesn't have to be limited to one side of that equation. Huh. Well now I know. Thanks! Amazing what you can do with improperly-implemented input sanitation :) This probably could've been prevented by disallowing non-number inputs, no? Do they support that dynamically, though? I know a lot of high-end keyboards are able to detect how much force is applied to the key and adjust the sound (usually volume) accordingly (i.e. "velocity sensitive"), but these are usually like pianos, where the force is only checked during key press, not throughout the sustain; the CS-80 is instead fully pressure-sensitive (volume will adjust as you ease off pressure or reapply it without having to restrike keys), which is what the article's referring to, and which I've yet to encounter in the wild (though if you do know of a good example of such a keyboard - particularly one that can apply "aftertouch" per-voice like what the CS-80 does - I'd be interested; I've been looking for a good keyboard to add to my shopping list). Basically, some attacker (suspected to be the Chinese government) hijacked Baidu (and Baidu users) to perform a DDoS attack on specific Github repos pertaining to GreatFire.org (a site dedicated to mirroring sites/content that were censored by the Chinese government). The attack has since been addressed by GitHub (it relies on XSS, so GitHub was actually able to inject a Javascript `alert()` to each attack attempt; this not only warns the user that the site is doing naughty things, but also stops further JS execution IIRC), and it seems the attack itself has also stopped. More information: https://archive.today/jZ0zb Have you already looked into Julia? It has a lot of these things (if not all of them; I'm not sure about the ndarray bit). Do you mean creating a new window every time you attach to an existing session? Or do you mean that each of those actions ("attach" and "create new window") should be atomic? I'd be fine with this as long as there's a way to turn this off (or better yet, to make it something entirely opt-in and have to turn it on ). I wouldn't want to be bombarded with ads if I'm not interested in them subsidizing my ride. Also, is there a way to make these companies just pay me to look at their ads? It'd cut out the middlemen, and seeing how many ads I'd probably be confronted with on a daily basis without things like AdBlock Plus, I could probably turn it into a career if the figures in this article are accurate. Or even just input validation on the form itself before passing on to the API, which is more of what I was getting at. I don't know about the details of Authy's setup, but I know that AJAX (for example) supports enforcement of specific value types in text fields. Basically, the form itself could have (and maybe even should have) required numeric-only values, seeing as Authy's codes are either 6 or 7 digits long and contain no alphabetical or special characters. Bummer that it's SF-only; would love to see something like this in Reno. Oh well; at least we've got Jimmy John's. "Will You Be Able to Read This Article in 1,000 Years?" Barring some significant advancement in Sid-Meier's-Alpha-Centauri-style technologies like longevity vaccines or brain uploading, probably not. Even if I do survive, will I still be speaking this dialect of English? Will I even be speaking English at all? But back to the main point of the article, saving the article as a PDF is a very wrong approach; binary formats are likely going to be the first to die off. I'd be much more confident in the article being stored more-or-less as it is now: as plain-text markup, style information, and some code executable by just about any modern Javascript implementation, accompanied by the texts of the relevant standards (for HTML, CSS, ECMAScript/Javascript, etc.), so that any individual could then (theoretically) piece everything together and display it as it was intended to be displayed. Lots of very old software from the beginning of computing history has been preservable in source code form for this very reason of the robustness of plaintext; even with encoding differences, it's been possible to convert these documents (even if doing so has been a manual process). I'd expect that, due to this robustness of plaintext, free-and-open-source software has significant preservation advantages relative to proprietary software (of the closed-source variety, at least), since there's a greater chance of copies surviving due to how widespread said copies are. > i saw that its job market is declining Where? Rails is still incredibly popular last I checked. It's not getting as much press lately as, say, Node.js or whatever frameworks Go has, but the job market for Rails developers is still pretty strong, if not one of the strongest. > what is the hottest things right now in development job market ? COBOL. I shit you not. You would not believe how many government agencies, financial institutions, healthcare facilities, etc. still rely upon ancient COBOL codebases running on ancient mainframes that are currently maintained by ancient programmers on the verge of retirement. New COBOL programmers are in very high demand, but the supply is atrociously low (for good reason; COBOL makes PHP look as elegant as Lisp in comparison). If you can list COBOL expertise on a CV/resume, you will be hired; it's cheaper to hire you for hundreds of dollars an hour than to hire a full development team for even more hundreds of dollars an hour to migrate to a modern platform. --- If, on the other hand, you're not in a masochistic mood, you're pretty well served learning Rails (or any other "model-view-controller" or "MVC" framework, like Django or Catalyst or what have you); once you're intimately familiar with MVC concepts and how your models/views/controllers are implemented and interact with one another, moving to another framework is just a matter of learning new syntax. If that's not enough, might I suggest Erlang/OTP (or perhaps its children, like Elixir or LFE)? It's been getting some well-deserved praise lately for being very well suited for networked software development (including web development). If you're already familiar with Ruby/Rails, Elixir (along with one of the web/MVC frameworks for it, like Phoenix or Sugar) would be a good fit. Quite a few projects use Erlang extensively (Heroku, GitHub, and (if I remember right) Chef use a lot of Erlang, usually to route requests to subprograms written in other languages like Ruby). If nothing else, though, it'll give you a good background in concurrent programming, knowledge of which is increasingly sought after in modern web-facing application development (as evidenced by the recent popularity of Go and Rust, both of which promise better concurrency models than existing non-Erlang solutions). While you're at it, being familiar with JSON and SQL is a good thing, regardless of what other technology/ies you end up going with; even if you don't ever work with those things directly, JSON and SQL (particularly in the form of PostgreSQL) are increasingly-ubiquitous in modern web-facing software (which is where most of the market is). In reality, unless you're learning something fairly exotic (like Prolog or PL/I) or absurdly new, you'll be fine job-wise. Even languages whose glory days have faded - like PHP and Perl - have lots of job opportunities, whether from existing codebases needing maintenance (Wordpress comes to mind) or relatively-new codebases that still feel those languages are the best fit (DuckDuckGo comes to mind). Java - like COBOL but not quite like COBOL - is another example of a language with a lot of enterprise users in high demand for those fluent in it to help maintain those codebases. --- In summary, yes, Rails is totally worth your time to learn for employment opportunity. It still has a very strong job market, and even if it someday doesn't, the MVC concepts you'll learn by learning Rails will apply directly to most other modern (and probably future) web frameworks, thus helping you learn those new frameworks and continue to be employable. That all said, learning a language or framework or somesuch solely because it'll easily land you a job is a good way to make you hate programming someday. Learn a language because you like that language, not just because you want a paycheck. > His dumb little company VaporSet had this stupid setup where the people deploying Rails didn’t have root access. Pardon, but how is this stupid? Given the descriptions of people he has provided, I - as a system administrator - would want absolutely nothing to do with such people having root access on my servers. Hell, that's how it is at my current dayjob. Most of the devs do have root access because we know they're competent enough to be able to handle that level of responsibility (not to mention that we're a small team, and I'm the only dedicated sysadmin, so it's nice to have the devs be crosstrained for simple tasks like basic server provisioning while leaving me to more difficult tasks like stack design and low-level Unixy troubleshooting goodness), but our setup's engineered in a way that code deployment does not require superuser privileges. I'm willing to bet it was more CGI than Perl or Python that was shooting you in the foot, to be fair :) Elixir, on the other hand, is still a bit bloody on the edges (and the MVC-ish frameworks for it are very much bleeding edge), but because it's built on the same foundations as Erlang, it ends up getting a lot of its benefits (and a lot of the existing ecosystem), which puts it uniquely in-between "boring" and "shiny". > What backend do people use? Rails? Django? PHP? Perl? Some Javascript? All of the above, and then some. If you're just starting out with web development, it's much more useful that you learn MVC and REST; those are architectural skills that will result in you being able to adapt to most frameworks rather quickly. I'd personally vouch for Rails (or perhaps Padrino) and Ruby as an introduction to those concepts, seeing as that's where my own personal experience is, and seeing as Ruby is generally regarded to be an easy and programmer-friendly language, but feel free to make a choice based on your own personal language preference (Django if you like Python, Catalyst or Mojolicious if you like Perl, Chicago Boss or Phoenix or Sugar if you like Erlang or Elixir (respectively), etc.). You can't go wrong, so long as you learn those underlying concepts. Lots of folks around here express distaste for "polyglot" programmers like (probably, at this rate) myself, but I personally appreciate that focusing on thorough understanding of core concepts rather than the ins and outs of specific implementations thereof is really helpful in this context. I personally like the Haier's appearance more than the Hisense's. I dig the whole carbon-fiber aesthetic. Yes, if you put the Chromebook into "Developer Mode" first; searching for "chromebook linux" should do the trick (skip the stuff about Crouton). Note that the selection of Linux distros for ARM Chromebooks (like both of the $149 models) will be quite a bit slimmer. I'm pretty sure my jar of mayo has lasted me for, like, a year. While this rendition of such a concept seems... odd, I can picture something similar on a more flexible scale with, say, a cheap e-Ink-based touchscreen (or maybe a column of physical buttons to the left or right of the screen) tablet of sorts dedicated to being a sort of household ordering kiosk; just preload it with the sorts of products you might need for a particular room, then set and forget. When you need to restock on something, just press the button. For example, in my bathroom, I'd load up my preferred choices of, say, soap, shampoo, hand soap, toilet paper, toilet bowl cleaner, toothpaste, etc. onto this cheap tablet, mount it somewhere in my bathroom (maybe on a wall somewhere near the sink or something), and forget about it until I realize I'm nearly out of shampoo, at which point I'll hit the "Head & Shoulders" button on my little bathroom kiosk and Amazon will have a bottle of seleniumy alien-invasion-stopping goodness delivered to my front door within 2 business days. My laundry room would then have a similar little e-Ink kiosk loaded with options for detergent, dryer sheets, and the various cleaning supplies I store in there. The kitchen's kiosk would have buttons for things like dishwasher gel, soap, and some commonly-purchased food items like Top Ramen and Deschutes porter and glass-bottle Mountain Dew. Basically, I can see a future where such a concept of integrating restocking with day-to-day activities can be reality, and while these Dash buttons ain't perfect, they're a step in the right direction in ways that current smartphone-centric methods can't easily replicate. > What's the solution, get a pasta sauce button? I see nothing wrong with dedicating a wall of my kitchen entirely to Amazon buttons for everything in my fridge and pantry. :) As I mentioned in another comment, though, a better system would probably be to use some cheap, single-purpose wall-mountable tablet computer (probably e-Ink based, maybe even with a column of physical buttons instead of a touchscreen to bring costs down to a pittance) that one could load up with a list of products that need to be routinely reordered for a partiuclar room. If prices could be brought down considerably (if not free with Prime membership, as is being proposed for these Dash buttons), this could be pretty viable. > My point is that if you have your phone in your pocket When I'm in the privacy of my own home, and I'm not expecting guests, you'd be hard pressed to find me dressed at all , let alone in anything that has pockets ;) Three things: First, the pop-up dialogs are annoying. Just show the number next to the + button (and add '-' and 'x' buttons to decrement and delete, respectively), and update it whenever I + or -. That's all the feedback I need. Second, there's mention of product images, but they're not showing up for me on the latest Firefox. Third, there should be a price estimate for each product I add in the product selection screen. If you're just interested in the exercises without all the code review shenanigans that the site + CLI tool offer, they're all available on https://github.com/exercism (all the ones named `x$language`). > What other OS could you want, especially on ARM? OpenBSD. Or any of the BSDs, but OpenBSD would be ideal. That said, my confidence isn't exactly shaken either by the current lack of BSD availability (FreeBSD is supposedly "coming soon"). I'm getting by moderately well on Linux right now for my own "cloud" needs. It would just be nice to have my preference in operating systme (and ecosystem; I've taken a liking to OpenBSD's subprojects like relayd/httpd, OpenSMTPd, etc., and it's much easier to use these things on OpenBSD - or probably even on FreeBSD - than it is on GNU/Linux). It sounds like he was describing more of a commission system - i.e. "hey, I'll give you $1000 to take this super-duper-awesome photo of this grasshopper that's sitting on my windowsill right now" or "hey, I'll give you $1000000 and cover transportation/lodging expenses if you agree to tag along with our entomological team and take photographs of this new species of dung beetle we discovered in Sudan". An expiry of copyright - after which a work enters the public domain - would accomplish this rather nicely without completely disincentivizing content creators. Unfortunately, while this is already the case in theory in many jurisdictions, it's not the case in certain others, where the duration of copyright is effectively set to "current year minus first appearance of Mickey Mouse plus twenty years" thanks to the interests of a particular company whose name rhymes with a "D" and ends with an "isney". :) That would've been more true 10 years ago. Now , the overwhelming majority of HN users make their living in yet another business model that exists increasingly because of the relative obsolescence of the previous business model - namely, by shifting into the $foo-as-a-service realm. How do you figure? Nowadays, a very large majority of web devleopment primarily consists of taking some collection of open-source tools and other services in order to create a service. The entire justification for the existence of such a service is the idea that most people aren't inclined to do all this themselves. This isn't a matter of scarcities at all (other than the time of the end user), let alone engineered/artificial ones. It's a matter of "I'm too lazy to setup my own web server to share my cat GIFs, so I'm gonna just use Imgur instead, since they've already done the hard part". That can be at least somewhat deterred by registering the car with the manufacturer to get an unlock code, similar to what HTC does nowadays if you want to root one of its phones. Thus, there's a record of you having installed custom firmware (with the relevant warranty-voiding and such). While it won't specifically detect whether or not mileage reporting has been tampered with, it does signal to a buyer that the software is or was non-stock, and therefore all bets are off, caveat emptor, etc. Alternately, the odometer could (and I'd argue should) be implemented in hardware, possibly as an ASIC (or maybe FPGA) plus dedicated EEPROM to store the counter, wired directly to the relevant sensors. Perhaps some data interface with the main computer, but it should be read-only. That would solve this issue right quick. There's a difference between ownership of a physical data storage device and the ownership of the data on that device. You own the physical disk, but you're only leasing the data on it. If we're going to lump both of these together as you're doing, then "own" is the wrong word to use; you're "leasing" instead. In that sense, I'd agree with you that the word "own" is used incorrectly in a lot of contexts. Your comment is bad and you should feel bad. :) Niceness/meanness is more often than not entirely subjective, relative, and arbitrary. Trying to create an objective definition for a subjective concept is going to end in frustration for a lot of people. Personally, I started frequenting HN mostly because the community was not only smaller, but also more up-front about its opinions. I've come to expect and appreciate a blunt, direct criticism from the folks here, and would hate to see even the harsher end of that go away. The Theo de Raadts and Linus Torvadses of the world say "mean" things sometimes, but 93.8% of the time, those "mean" things need to be said. The alternate explanation would be that the algorithms actually do have a sense of humor and like to buy stocks with companies that make them laugh. My hypothesis is that those stocks were only subsequently sold again only because the algorithms found a different press release to be funnier. Really? No cases of it being used to denote happy sarcasm? How peculiar. Even FreeBSD would be better for my use cases. At least it supports pf. I don't think a sarcasm tag applies here; I wouldn't hold such a thing above the likes of her. I'd agree with that assessment if the downvote button didn't have the direct result of fading the comment into invisibility. Dissenting commentary can still be conducive to an informed discussion and thus worth reading, and the idea that disagreement is meant to be treated as something to be silenced is incredibly disturbing, especially in the context of this post. Not bad at all. I'll have to pass this around with my coworkers and see if we can get a room going. I'm also pleasantly surprised that I'm not the only one around here who likes Yes. :) It's this sort of thing that's the reason why Perl will always be my favorite language, no matter how "old" it might be. Being designed to mimic the nuances of natural languages is part of its charm. > Tcl shares a bit of that, as does Ruby… Which is no surprise in the latter case, given how strong of an influence Perl was (and still is, though nowadays to a slightly-lesser amount) to Ruby. My point, though, was that this "Perligata" still feels like Perl (though with keyword-heavier syntax like sic/cis and such, perhaps it leans more toward Ruby in look/feel, which I don't think is a coincidence). You could probably implement this in, say, Java or Go or Python, but it probably wouldn't feel a whole lot like those languages in terms of expressiveness. This is likely the reason why the Anonabox generates random SSIDs; it forces the user to expect to have to connect to a new network regularly, and additionally reduces the amount of time available for an attacker to attempt to create a duplicate AP. Of course, even this tactic isn't foolproof, and it's made rather ineffective by Anonabox's rather glaring flaws, but I can understand the rationale. The arguments in favor of such an elimination seem... contrived. Hell, I'd even figure them to be sexist with their implications of "oh gee, well women are bad negotiators, so we won't even give them the chance to negotiate in a very-visibly-male-dominated environment". > CPU clock speeds maxed out between 3-4GHz a decade ago. Even for x86 this isn't true (4+GHz is at least possible), let alone platforms like POWER which have already pushed beyond 5GHz. Fancier things like vacuum-channel transistors, graphene transistors, etc. could push that even further once they break into commercial viability. Not that clock speed alone really matters all that much compared to the other performance benefits of high-performance RISC architectures like POWER and SPARC... > Nobody develops special supercomputing CPUs any more. Today I learned that Blue Gene was a figment of my imagination :) Special supercomputing CPUs are still being developed. The reason why they seem insignificant is because their market size has remained relatively constant, while the markets for general-purpose, non-supercomputing-specific platforms have grown much more rapidly. This doesn't mean supercomputing is dead necessarily, just like how the invention of the microwave oven doesn't mean that ordinary ovens are suddenly dead. Rather, it's just an indicator of different use cases, and the different markets thereof. > The top 10 are all Government operations. It's a bit misleading (though I suppose technically accurate) to list academic institutions (like the University of Texas, which holds the #7 spot) as "Government operations"; they're government- funded , yes, but there's a big difference between that and, say, an actual government agency directly managing such an installation. I also fail to see how even a majority of those being government installations has anything to do with anything; governments typically have much greater capital to spend on such things - and greater need for such things - than all but the most massive commercial entities. HPC was never really the purview of commercial enterprises anyway (unless they had extreme computational requirements). The uptick in the use of COTS products for high-performance computing among enterprises (particularly big Internet-reliant ones like Google) wasn't really at the expense of the HPC crowd losing potential users; it's rather just something that formed very recently alongside HPC already being a niche topic. Basically, by your arguments, "high-performance computing" has been dying for basically as long as it's existed. > Grosch's Law [2] stopped working a long time ago. Only because the world switched to clustering, where Grosch's Law doesn't quite apply, and hasn't addressed the limitations of current transistor technology (like the above-mentioned vacuum-channel and graphene transistor technologies, among many others). > Maximum price/performance today is achieved with racks of midrange CPUs, which is why that's what every commercial data center has. That's what "every commercial data center has" (this isn't exactly true, but we'll go with it for now) more because of price alone than because of an actually-calculated price/performance ratio. Businesses tend to think in terms of short-term investments much easier than they tend to think in terms of long-term investments (in contrast with academic and often government institutions, which tend to think in the opposite direction, and therefore have entirely different sets of problems in many cases). Meanwhile, the big businesses that really do actively calculate an optimal price/performance ratio (like Google) aren't the ones using COTS solutions; they usually have the financial capability to invest in homegrown solutions and cut out any unnecessary expense, and are certainly not just buying a bunch of prebuilt servers from Dell. Google in particular has started to invest heavily in IBM's Open POWER initiative, probably due to a perception that POWER will offer a better price/performance ratio than x86 in their already-very-customized hardware stack. If the world could standardize on Logitech's wireless keyboard/mouse stuff, I'd be pretty happy. I've pretty much stuck to Logitech exclusively lately for my mice (I'm particularly fond of the M570, having been a fan of the similar Trackman Wheel), and I have several K570s (one Mac model for work, plus a couple others, including one in my living room for me to control an entertainment-center PC from my couch / coffee table). I've found Logitech's implementation to - for whatever reason - be the best implementation of wireless peripheral communication I've ever encountered. No problems, no jumpiness, no nothing. It can't be that hard to build the equivalent to their dongle directly into, say, a laptop or tablet, can it? > (i don't remember if it's bluetooth, but mouse makers hate using BT so probably not) Most of the Apple ones are Bluetooth nowadays. The main issue is that you now have two things with battery lives instead of just one, but other than that, it might be a viable solution here. Also, I believe Microsoft and Logitech make Bluetooth mice. Much of that early difference in port availability relative to IBM-compatibles is because Apple's computers weren't IBM-compatibles; in that context, things like PS/2 ports for one's keyboard or mouse wouldn't make sense, whereas USB would. In other words, Apple never really "dropped" those things (other than floppy disks and maybe VGA); rather, it simply never adopted them because their computers weren't in the same class as those which had adopted them. Because that's all you really need (in theory at least). That one USB Type-C port can drive your monitor(s), a keyboard/mouse, and various other peripherals (by hooking up a USB hub), all while charging your device. Right now, my Macbook at work hooks up to my screen via Thunderbolt and a provided power cable, and said screen has USB, FireWire, etc. ports. It would be very nice to reduce that to one cable, and that's precisely what can be done now with the new port. That said, I agree that only one such port is limiting. I currently have my eye on the new Chromebook Pixel (which has two such ports), and I look forward to seeing what other PC manufacturers reveal. And on a more relevant note, prostitution in Nevada (which, last I checked, is quite legal). > I'd be happy to have some feedback on what to do next. Hm. Open-source it? Or at the very least, make it available for platforms that aren't Windows? That would be a good start, I'd reckon. They had 9-pin, but at least in the relatively-early days (i.e. back when the "Macintosh" brand was still pretty new), they didn't really have 25-pin in the sense of IBM-compatible PCs; the "printer" port was a 9-pin connector on the original Macintosh, for example, and the 25-pin ports eventually introduced were SCSI ports (certainly not Centronics ports). But yeah, peripheral compatibility was a big factor in adoption of Apple's computers. This is a compelling reason for them to have switched from their proprietary keyboard/mouse interface, for example, to USB. We'd also (hopefully - i.e. assuming we don't fuck up Earth that badly) have geothermal. In the context of this article's thought experiment, fission's probably out of the question. However, for other scenarios, it is indeed a viable option, considering that it's statistically the safest (last I checked), very clean, and packs a high energy density. The problem, though, is that fissile material is subject to a lot of the same availability problems as fossil fuels (if not worse), plus quite a few safety concerns (particularly when it comes to radiation, though coal mining poses this sort of risk, too). The energy density is much better, so we could probably get by for a very long time (especially with things like breeder reactors, increased use of thorium instead of or alongside uranium or plutonium, etc.), but ultimately, we'll need to transition to something like fusion power at the very least. The article misses geothermal energy, which doesn't exactly require an existing industrialized society to use while providing abundant thermal energy. Places like Iceland, Yellowstone, Hawaii, etc. could easily become Humanity v2's centers of industrial reconstruction. There was an article here on HN a while back about "Amish hackers", and one of the things I ended up learning from that was the Amish reliance on air compressors; compressed air was regarded as "Amish electricity" and would often be creatively applied to various (usually agricultural) machinery. Perhaps something similar could be applied here? An air compressor powered by some renewable fuel (like wood gas) could pump air into portable canisters for use in power tools (or just be hooked directly into the tools themselves, much like in modern automotive repair shops) would solve this at the expense of some portability. > How are you going to do any metalwork with your scavenged metal? With a wood-fired forge. Blacksmithing predates fossil fuels by quite a long time. In the case of rust, there are a lot of chemical similarities between it and hematite (though contamination with iron hydroxides might be a problem), which might (theoretically at least) make it potentially suitable for smelting into pig iron. I don't think any existing industrial processes do this, though. I was more talking about something along the lines of http://www.cottagecraftworks.com/windmills-wind-compressor-w... In the above case, neither electricity nor combustion are necessary. The above example does rely on wind power, however (though the site claims that wind speeds as low as 8 MPH are sufficient); I'm not sure if there are any similar compressors that run on other energy sources. Admittedly, some Amish communities do use diesel generators to power more conventional compressors, but I have a feeling that these would be easier to adapt to the posited post-apocalyptic wood-gas-fueled world. Easily available in what context, though? To us in the modern day, yeah, it's probably pretty trivial to mine such nuclear fuels, but the article discusses a lack of that technology. > The cert problem is a fixable problem, but it's not fixable while unencrypted HTTP exists. Sure it is. Whether or not HTTP exists has zero bearing on solutions to the cert problem; the cert problem is independent of the unencrypted problem (whereas the unencrypted problem is dependent on the cert problem, since the cert problem is precisely why the unencrypted problem currently exists). > But labeling it as "as secure as a self-signed cert" when a self-signed certificate provide no authentication (or an unpractical one at best) is uncalled for. It's perfectly called for. The CA system is based on arbitrary trust. An actually-effective system should not rely on trust at all. Even something like what Namecoin does - using a Bitcoin-style blockchain as a public ledger, but for SSL certs instead of DNS entries - would be a massive step in the right direction in comparison to the current CA system. On its own, probably not; web-of-trust is one of those things about PGP that was awesome on paper, but in practice ended up being a significant pain point. A cryptographic ledger, on the other hand (think Namecoin), would probably be at least slightly more effective; it would effectively confer the same benefits (decentralized registration authority) without the logistical nightmare of a web-of-trust. As I mentioned in the thread in question: "Basically, the current CA system is - again, to put this as gently and politely as possible - fucking broken. Anything that forces the world to rely on it exclusively is not a solution, but is instead just going to make the problem worse." Please keep that fact - that the CA system is, as I put it with all the gentleness and politeness it deserves, "fucking broken" beyond any repair - in mind. (And no, "the CA system is fucking broken" is not an opinion; it is a verifiable fact, as much as the concept of gravity is a verifiable fact) > Some CAs may actually be worthy of trust. By what measure? Some empty promises of good security practices, perhaps? Or maybe some pinky swear that they'll always act in the best interests of the internet as a whole rather than in the interests of whichever government or set of shareholders happens to be in a position of power relative to them? Basically: name one. The idea of having to trust a central authority for verification is the root cause of the vast majority of the brokenness; it means that proper TLS-based security for the web is not only financially prohibitive for even individuals in developed nations, let alone developing (with very few exceptions in the CA space providing cheap or free certificates), but is also a single-point-of-failure in terms of security. Nowadays, we have this magical thing called a "blockchain" that can be used for everything from currencies (Bitcoin) to domain names (Namecoin); with some further refinement, using a blockchain as a certificate authority would fix both problems right away. Hahahahahahahahaha. Fucking no. Effectively all of Oracle's "open source" things come from Sun Microsystems, upon which Oracle happily latched onto and sucked dry. Oracle has what's called the "sidaM Touch". It's like the Midas Touch, but instead of gold, everything Oracle touches turns to shit: Java -> shit (though maybe slightly less so now). Solaris -> shit. OpenSolaris -> shit, now dead (thank the Lord for illumos). OpenOffice -> shit. GridEngine -> shit. Lustre -> almost became shit and died; would have if it weren't for the Oracle-side devs jumping ship. NetBeans -> in the process of becoming shit. MySQL -> shit (though it pretty much already was; somehow, though, Oracle managed to make that worse and prompt the existence of MariaDB); I realize this wasn't Sun's, but it's still an open-source project that Oracle assaulted, robbed, and left to die on the cold streets by the dock where Larry Ellison's (admittedly pretty badass) sailboat is docked. OpenDS -> dead (though it was mercifully forked into OpenDJ). Project Wonderland -> now limping around as "Open Wonderland" after Oracle forcibly amputated its leg. By some miracle, the only things that haven't completely turned to shit or died (or both) yet are Virtualbox and SPARC (though OpenSPARC is effectively dead since Oracle didn't continue it). MySQL, which - as one of the worst victims of Oracle's sidaM Touch - ended up being forked into MariaDB, and is now effectively irrelevant outside of legacy deployments since anyone who knows what they're doing has switched to PostgreSQL and anyone who doesn't know what they're doing has switched to MongoDB. MySQL as packaged by Oracle is quite literally a corpse. MariaDB is a reanimated corpse. And such is the tale of an open-source product acquired by a multi-billion-dollar company who made those multiple billions of dollars entirely on selling a commercial product against which the open-source product competed. Competition-elimination-by-acquisition at its finest. It helps that Erlang already did the heavy lifting for us Elixir folks (or what heavy lifting wasn't already done was then done by Valim and friends in Elixir, Plug, Ecto, etc.). A pretty hefty amount of Elixir code (including most frameworks, like Phoenix, Sugar, Weber, etc.) leverages the same old Erlang/OTP, just with some funny-looking (in some cases better, in some cases perhaps worse, depending on perspective) syntax and Plug. Even the dominant web server in the Elixir realm - Cowboy - is actually entirely written in Erlang. Compatibility with existing Erlang code (and vice versa) makes for fewer wheels being reinvented. It also helps that Elixir came about right around the time when folks were starting to realize that this old telecom language called "Erlang" might actually be precisely what we need for modern web development, hence why web frameworks ended up evolving pretty quickly relative to Erlang (which also saw a growth in available web frameworks at around the same time; Chicago Boss is a particularly-excellent example). Somewhat off-topic: "NPM Private Module" would be an excellent recursive acronym. I can't even find a single example from Oracle that would be cherry-pickable as evidence for their supposed open-source-friendliness. Literally every open-source project that Oracle owns has stagnated at best (aside from maybe Java; while I'm personally unimpressed by Java 8, I know there are a few people who would disagree with me), and at worse has significantly deteriorated, died entirely, been shoved off onto some other organization, or resulted in a fork, and sometimes all of the above has happened (see also: OpenOffice). Like, I'm a pretty well-natured person in general and am happy to give even some of the most despicable companies the benefit of the doubt on occasion, but I seriously can't find a single reason to do so for Oracle. They're just that fucking irredeemable. That doesn't mean they would have sued over it, though. Just that they disagreed with Google's actions. > To me, if you're not willing to pull commits from outside your walled garden or allow external forks of your technologies, then you're terrible at open source. Sure, you technically checked off the very first checkbox ("make source available") but you stopped there. That's not a success, that's a stillborn effort... That's still significantly better than what a lot of big "open-source" companies do. Not that I disagree with you. Just putting things into perspective. MySQL wasn't acquired by Sun; that was a direct acquisition by Oracle in order to snuff out the most significant player in the realm of open-source SQL databases (and thus snuff out one of the most significant competitors to Oracle's flagship, Oracle DB). As a result, MySQL is effectively dead outside of legacy deployments that haven't migrated to PostgreSQL, MariaDB, or one of the NoSQL monstrosities like MongoDB. Even InnoDB was eventually forked; MariaDB and Percona both use XtraDB nowadays, probably because they didn't feel like being tied to something that - like every other open-source project Oracle has owned - would be fated to eventually wither and die. That would be the "reanimated" part of "reanimated corpse"; I think you've significantly misinterpreted my point there. MariaDB is not dead; it's undead. A zombie. Or perhaps resurrected and now serving as a database messiah. Whatever the case, it's the end-result of something that's dead (MySQL) no longer being dead. He probably just doesn't like Mach. I don't blame 'im; L4 is far superior. When it comes to security, you should always assume worst-case scenarios are going to occur. In which case, the equivalence of self-signed and CA-signed is entirely on-the-mark. There's no real guarantee that the certificate authority is any more secure or trustworthy than, say, my five-year-old niece. This is why decentralized systems (lately, that's been interpreted to mean "systems using a cryptographic ledger or blockchain" or "systems that rely on mesh topology graphs" (i.e. something similar to Namecoin or something similar to PGP, respectively), but those aren't the only models out there) are ultimately necessary for this; that way, you don't have to trust one arbitrary centralized authority, but instead can trust, say, a majority of a collection of hundreds or thousands or millions of such authorities coordinating via an agreed-upon protocol/convention/etc. My own bet would be on a cryptographic ledger (PGP-style webs-of-trust aren't nearly as end-user-friendly, whereas a "blockchain" has more potential in that area, since it's easier to abstract away from the end user), but pretty much anything at this point would be less convoluted - and more secure/trustworthy/effective - than the current system. > HTTPS provides not only encryption, but also authenticatoin. Comments like that are a reinforcement of an increasingly-common point: that HTTPS shouldn't be conflating those two things, since doing so is resulting in a lot of pain whenever these sorts of suggestions to encrypt all web traffic come up. All I want is a way to set up an encrypted connection without caring about it being authenticated, thus offering at least basic protection against random passerbys at Starbucks. Let me do that without having to buy a certificate from some schmuck who was arbitrarily trusted by a bunch of browsers (without any actual guarantee of trustworthiness, mind you; just an empty pinky promise that they won't be naughty). That comment was about package management (i.e. actually installing this on servers), not about language implementations. Let's Encrypt's documentation currently assumes a Debian-based operating system, which therefore leaves out a very large portion of the web server population. > Once again, telnet was an established protocol, yet we got rid of it. No we didn't. Telnet is still pervasive as a communications protocol, partly because of its simplicity and partly because of its momentum. This is particularly true in the realm of embedded devices; even rather-modern enterprise-grade HP printers (for example) open up a Telnet port for terminal-driven configuration by default. > No you don't. You can get free certificates. The only free certificate authority that actually exists right now that I'm aware of is StartSSL, which I've at least found to be pretty damn horrendous to work with, and which only supports non-commercial uses of certificates, meaning that small businesses are still forced to pay up. And no, Let's Encrypt doesn't count, seeing as it's not operational yet. > For any actual website, there are already a multitude of real costs of which a certificate is just one more. That's one more that can mean the difference between a mom-and-pop shop having a website and said shop not having a website because it's too expensive. Just because plenty of factories dump industrial waste into rivers doesn't mean that I'm not an asshole if I dump a bottle of OxiClean down a storm drain. It actually is (or at least was; it's going to be significantly castrated soon) possible to "create a website for free with HTTP, but not HTTPS" if you use Heroku. An HTTP-only, single-1x-dyno setup is free, whereas if you want HTTPS, they will try to bleed you dry. > as I understood it, it needs a dedicated precious IPv4 address A good webserver would actually be able to provide multiple SSL certs on a single IP address by using "Server-Name Indication" (SNI). This is definitely (as far as I know) supported on nginx, and probably supported by Apache's httpd. No, but prices will go up. Free tiers will be significantly reduced or outright eliminated. Cheap tiers won't be as cheap anymore. A lot of individuals and small businesses will now suddenly be faced with more costs, and while $30/month might seem small to you, that adds up considerably over several years. Not everyone on the internet is a multi-millionare YCombinator alumnus. Not if those free-to-host HTTP services are commercial entities; StartSSL's free certificates can't be used commercially per their terms of service. And if StartSSL is the only option, then I'm sticking to HTTP. They're a nightmare to deal with even for non-commercial use, let alone commercial. Maybe if the entirety of your perspective comes from massive multi-million-dollar websites. For everyone else (particularly Mom-and-Pop small businesses, individuals trying to sell things online, etc.), that cost can very well be prohibitive, particularly when it dwarfs the costs of site hosting and even the domain name. I'm talking about the little taqueria across the street from my house. They're perfectly viable, yet are going to be scared off from investing in a cert if it's going to be the single most expensive thing for their online presence. It's these sorts of folks that your argument blissfully ignores. Neither is important if they have offline-cached copies of Wikipedia (all the content of which is readily available for download and made available under a CC-BY-SA / GNU GFDL dual-license), which can then be distributed on optical media, thumb drives, or some other relatively-inexpensive data distribution medium. This is something that's totally compatible with net neutrality while providing the same benefits you're advocating. You can do that by distributing offline copies of Wikipedia. > they account for something like 4% of OS installs. From a desktop perspective, yes, but Linux at this point has a majority stake in pretty much every other realm of computing. Huh. I always thought that Oracle acquired MySQL directly, but it turns out I was wrong (Sun did so in 2008). I guess you learn something new every day. Maybe I was thinking of InnoDB or BerkeleyDB or somesuch and just conflated them all together... > I disagree. There's a significant amount of security we gain from collectively using the CA system over self signed certificates. You're actually losing security by trusting the CA model, though. You have no means of control or independent audit. This is the same reasoning behind free-and-open-source software being inherently more secure and trustworthy than their closed-source counterparts; "transparency is a dependency of trust" is just as applicable here as it is in any other security-sensitive situation. This is why decentralization is absolutely essential, and the longer we go on sitting on our haunches and pretending that the current system is "good enough", the worse the problem becomes. > If a CA is subverted my browser or OS vendor can pull the CA or the CA, if trustworthy , can revoke the certificates. That trustworthiness is a very big if. > In a scenario without CAs, I visit example.com and my browser vendor has no idea that I'm being MitM'd nor do I since I've never been to example.com and examined the certificate. There are numerous ways to achieve certificate verification without relying on a centralized CA system. Even with self-signed, you can detect private key changes (this is how SSH is protected against MITM attacks; in practice, this rather-simple security measure has been very hard to circumvent). For more verification, there are plenty of ways to achieve that in a decentralized manner, be it web-of-trust (PGP-style) or a cryptographic ledger (Namecoin-style) or something else entirely. Hell, there are already systems like DNSChain that implement the latter approach; that would be infinitely better than the current system. > But to suggest that the security benefits What security benefits? All the purported "benefits" are entirely fictional , since they rely exclusively on arbitrary trust in arbitrary entities. That's not security, no more than me handing you a briefcase full of cash and you promising you'll hold onto it for me is "security". The sense of security you feel with the current CA system is very much false. You're relying enirely on luck, and have absolutely zero assurance that your luck will continue to be good. Except that the whole point of me wanting to use TextSecure is the encrypted SMS/MMS transport. How would removing the one feature that actually stands out make for a better product? And that doesn't count... why? The fact that they realize that it's better business to be anti-surveillance is even more reason to celebrate. Isn't Iceland pretty anti-surveillance still? While I agree with most of that wonderfully-written article... "But I was mystified about Carver. He seemed to have done stuff with peanuts... It's obvious now that he was on the list because he was black" He was on the list because he was an accomplished botanist who sought to relieve the effects of a cotton-planting monoculture (namely, on the deprivation of soil nutrients resulting from said monoculture) by persuading farmers to plant peanuts (or other legumes) instead of or alongside cotton, and did so by developing a very large number of novel uses for peanuts, thus increasing demand for them and encouraging farmers to follow his advice. I get what the author's trying to say - that a lot of folks only remember George Washington Carver because he was a black scientist - but it comes across as entirely ignorant of his actual accomplishments in botany and agricultural science. Old PCs are actually much cheaper nowadays than even the cheapest smartphones of equivalent computing power, and typically include more than enough storage space for the entirety of Wikipedia. One shared PC in a community would solve that problem right quick. Even without that, thumb drives are usable with smartphones via OTG cables. No offense taken :) However, I'm still getting the impression that botany/biology/etc. are being viewed as somehow "lesser" than the sorts of physics Einstein and Curie did. Would you object to, say, Gregor Mendel being on that list? They're roughly comparable, after all (highly-respected botanists with Christian faiths and rather-groundbreaking (pun intended) discoveries in botany). No, you can't catch insanity, seeing as "insanity" is strictly a legal term; "insanity" is not a vaild diagnosis per any psychological standard that I'm aware of (most notably the DSM-IV). Maybe yours doesn't. No, we just need to establish Neil deGrasse Tyson and Bill Nye as co-dictators of Earth. Democracy is overrated. Do you happen to have a link to an overview on how Agora Voting actually works? Their homepage is way too vague for me to actually get any useful information out of it, and I'm not sure where exactly to look in the GitHub org/repos.