I have been using RimuHosting for my own projects and for customers for test deployments for years - so far I have had good experiences with them. They did complain once that I was using too much CPU, but I checked, and found problems (my fault) with a Merb deployment). Use the Apache Benchmark "ab" program, and measure the number of requests per second for your application. It is number of requests per second that should interest you. If you do not have ab installed, try: sudo apt-get install apache2-utils then: man ab I would try to build something like clusty.com, except I would try to identify themes in user search requests and track these for each user over time, using click throughs per user to keep search results on theme. I can't agree with him about organic food health benefits. When you eat industrially raised food (oil based fertilizer) you get a smaller spectrum of minerals, etc. And, as my young grandson once said: "why would anyone want to eat food with bug spray on it?" That said, it is a matter of free choice - my wife and I gladly pay slightly higher prices for locally grown organic food. If not organic, we then at least favor locally grown food. SOAP is so 20th century :-) Seriously, a long time ago I implemented SOAP for a commercial J2EE product, and used SOAP, but I don't use it anymore. Good riddance - REST style is easier to support and use. I just wrote a book for APress on Web 3.0, and my pitch was that it is more about publishing and reusing data. That is good! I like the bit about unselfish writing. I tr to do that but can't always pull it off. A subjective rant: I tried to get into Python about 5 years ago - worked through 'Dive Into Python' and used it for several projects. Once I tried Ruby for a few projects, I never looked back: I now only use Python when I need a library that is only available for Python. So, try both for a few small projects and take your pick. BTW, I think that being proficient in just one scripting language is enough. I split my work time between Ruby, Common Lisp, and Java - perhaps not an optimum choice, but flexible enough for most problems that I need to solve. AppEngine is pretty much awesome when you want to reduce web portal hosting costs. I am rewriting/augmenting a Rails web app in JRuby + Sinatra + DataMapper so it will run well on either Java AppEngine or one of my own servers using (C)Ruby. If my project gets a lot of users I would like to keep my costs down. (I usually deploy to Amazon AWS, but if you can live within the AppEngine restrictions, then AppEngine is even cheaper than Amazon.) The ability of receiving email sounds good, but I usually only use this for new account verification - with AppEngine you can just use Google accounts. I tried to convince one customer to use Heroku, and we did for a while, but they ended up paying big $$ to RackSpace. Considering increased admin/engineering time, I have little doubt that they would have been better off paying $500/month to Heroku, rather than RackSpace. Another customer wanted to use Heroku, but we ended up building our own system using multiple EC2s - again, long term the hosting costs will be much less, but the admin/engineering costs especially during development were a large expense. For my own web portal project? I am using AppEngine (code in JRuby+datamapper+Sinara, but I am considering a rewrite in Java because of the superior tool support). I have a small Myers Parrot - he is most of the time pretty cool, although he occasionally de-evolves into a miniature raptor. I usually work out of my home office, and he is usually happy enough sitting on my shoulder while I work. Parrots are not low maintenance though, requiring lots of attention. I took yesterday afternoon off work and my wife and I took my parrot to a local park (Sedona Red Rock Crossing - google it, then click images, you will be glad you did :-) Anyway, my bird was so happy getting a ride in the car (he loves the car) and a few hours in the park, that he will be a "good boy" for a day or two. The point of this little story is: parrots are good pets if you give them lots of attention and don't let them get too bored (they are reasonably intelligent). Use ice and ibuprofen to reduce swelling - once swelling is reduced, things get better. (At least this was my experience.) Bing is not so awful. Actually, I like Bing better than I thought I would; for one thing, the background pictures :-) Also Microsoft is very generous with providing free REST style search and spelling APIs (it took about 2 minutes to write a Ruby client, which I posted here http://markwatson.com/blog/2009/06/ruby-client-for-search-an... ) I am pretty much "anti Microsoft", but I try to not be dogmatic about it :-) I used C++ when I worked on game AI and a few Nintendo U64 games, also for some virtual reality stuff for Disney and SAIC. Right choice for the games, in retrospect probably not for VR. C++ is fine when you need high performance and can live with more expensive development. I wrote this - a little out of date, but hopefully a good and short introduction. What was fun about writing this book was that many Lisp heavy hitters helped out with ideas and corrections. BTW, I am working on another Lisp book, specific to Franz AllegroGraph (RDF, SPARQL, etc.) I plan on releasing a free PDF, with a print book also available. Very cool explanation :-) I have several little writing projects that I distribute, but I chose the Creative Commons 'no commercial use, no derivatives' license because that was what I felt good with. People who create stuff have the right to choose the license. I just had an Apress book published, and the contract gives APress the distribution rights - fine with me since they effectively paid me to write the book: their advances allowed me to have a really good time and spend most of my time writing for 4 months. (I enjoy consulting, but writing is even more fun.) Thanks! You may be over generalizing. I think that it depends a lot on the client. For clients who often try to get more work for their money, I agree. Good clients will offer a little more money for small change orders. And, all that said, this is why I most enjoy working on a time and materials basis. Hello dwiel, I did something sort-of like this about 12 years ago. My wife and I sold our house in San Diego and moved to the mountains in Central Arizona. Definitely lower cost of living. We bought a small, very well insulated house, and except for travel (for fun) and health insurance, our living expenses are very low. We find our fun in hanging with friends, cooking, hiking, etc. Living away from large cities == great life style. Highly recommended. I have to admit that I find more value in just using RDF and RDFS, along with simple to install and admin RDF data stores like Sesame, and perhaps Redland (nice, but does not fully support RDFS inferencing). Something that works for me is always keeping Sesame running (and OpenCyc, but mostly for learning/experimenting - I have never done anything practical with OpenCyc, after years of playing with it) on a server on my LAN at home. If you always have a RDF data store available, then it is easier to use it as an alternative to a relational database, if that is appropriate for a project. Anyway, I like "semantic web 'light'" :-) I spent 2 ours this morning playing with RDS - not really a waste of time since I deploy most of my customer's projects to EC2, etc. Sort-of kicking the tires. Anyway, it is easy to use, and not having to deal yourself with failure recover, managing a EBS volume if you run MySQL yourself, etc. makes it look like a good service once it comes out of beta. A few things: right now, you can't pay a reservation fee to get the really cheap EC2 rates. (Basically RDS is a managed-for-your EC2+EBS.) Also, it would be great if they also support PostgreSQL. I don't really agree with you unless you work for a very large company that has an economy of scale. Think you can compete with AppEngine for cost per computation/bandwidth/storage? Developing for AppEngine is a bit restrictive, and Amazon provides much more flexibility for not too much more money for computation/bandwidth/storage. Also, Amazon associated services like S3 and SimpleDB really are inexpensive for what you get. I used to base my consulting business on deploying customer aps to VPSs or cheap servers. I think that Amazon and Google AppEngine are the future. Well, I think this white paper goes a little overboard, but I might point some customers and potential customers to this PDF anyway. I love Ruby as a language (I have gone from roughly 50% Common Lisp, 50% Java to using Ruby for about 1/2 my projects - all in a 3 year time period). Just a matter of letting go of the desire for great runtime performance :-) My older brother taught me to play when I was 8 years old (a long time ago!) - now I can give him a 9 stone handicap :-) Once, in the late 70s, I got to play the womens world champion when she was in San Diego - awesome experience. Go is a beautiful game, but not for everyone. This looks good, but I have not tried installing and running it. Something similar I have spend some time playing with (no real projects with it yet, though): gem install cassandra cassandra_helper cassandra This installs all of the Java libs required to run Cassandra and provides a nice Ruby client. If I have to use a word processor, then I use Pages for OS X. The full screen mode is nice, and it seems more responsive that OO or Office. IMO, best is LaTex, but some collaborators, publishers, and customers don't like it. The advantage of LaTex is that you can spend more time writing and less time worrying about styling and formatting. I don't think that I have ever seen their web site down, but in the last 3 months (or so), a few times my robots stopped getting event notifications for brief periods of time. But, hey, the system is in beta. I'm pretty much enthusiastic about Wave: I'm writing a DevX article right now on Wave robot programming, and I have a business idea using the Wave platform that I want to try out. That is a strong statement, and not true for everyone, so I would vote for it not being necessary to know Java. Until about 3 years ago, I used Common Lisp and Java each roughly 40% in my work (I still think that if you search for "Java consultant" I am the number 1 Google hit :-) However, after I started using Ruby, I have transitioned to using Ruby for most of my work. Ruby is great because it provides most of the advantages of Lisp except for the fantastic run time performance (natively compiled Common Lisp is fast!). However, for many (at least web) applications, bottlenecks tend to be stuff like session handling across multiple servers, database access, dealing with network partitioning and server failure, etc. One problem with Lisp is the lack of a super rich ecology of libraries. Lots of great stuff is available for Lisp, but still weak compared to Ruby, Java, Python, etc. I'm rewriting a customers app right now because we learned what we needed to learn with a small Common Lisp prototype, and are now doing a hopefully final Ruby + Rails rich UI web portal (it is so much easier to write a rich web UI in Rails that in Lisp-based alternatives). I would advise concentrating on one language and platform, and only spend perhaps 5 to 10 hours a week (an evening and some weekend time) learning new languages and frameworks. BTW, feel free to substitute Python for Ruby, in my advice to your students - pick a primary language based on which you enjoy using the most. Also, Java as your primary language is fine also, if that suits you. I've had a difficult time getting into either Clojure or Scala - bought a book on each, and had fun playing, but neither language felt great to me. I am stuck on (J)Ruby, Common Lisp, and Java when I need it. BTW, Kenny is about as close to a "pure Common Lisp" purist as you can get. I worked with him for about half a year - cool guy,and very much focused on Lisp. Amazon gave me the equivalent of 10,000 free hours on a small EC2 instance when I was working on my last book. I used a few hours of this to prepare a custom AMI with all of the examples in my book set up with Ubuntu and all required infrastructure. I'll be able to keep updated book example AMIs in S3 forever now without it costing me any money out of pocket. I also used some of this free time to do a 4 day machine learning run on all current English Wikipedia articles. I will always create an AMI for all of my future books - awesome for readers to be able to have everything all set up. Also, they can clone my AMI, and have a fast start to deploying anything in my book that they want to use for their own projects. For Amazon, this seems like viral marketing at its best :-) I think that it was very savvy of Amazon to do this because I ended up writing a lot of material in the book on using Amazon AWS (Elastic MapReduce, S3, etc.). I now spend lots of time experimenting and blogging about AWS, and I ask my customers to host on AWS because I am now so used to using it. I used to host customer work on VPSs or cheap dedicated servers, but now Amazon is definitely my deployment platform first choice and recommendation. (BTW, I host some of my own stuff on AppEngine because it is even cheaper, but the extra effort of dealing with AppEngine makes it not as attractive for customer projects.) If most app time is spent in database calls, or network, etc., then Ruby and JRuby are definitely fast enough. For some work, the order of magnitude faster performance of natively compiled Lisp, or Java is required, and in those few cases, I will not use Ruby. That was a good writeup. I use screen so often, that I don't think much about it, so this article was a good refresher. A little off topic, but: I should spend about 5% of the time I devote to exploring new programming languages to revisiting command shortcuts, etc. for tools like Emacs, Idea, Rubymine, Eclipse, etc. A few days ago, I set up Emacs for Rails development (involved learning a bunch of new keyboard shortcuts) - now depending on what aspects of a project I am working on, I use either Rubymine or Emacs (or TextMate if I have my MacBook booted to OS X) Fairly good search results, except for one thing: it seemed to me that the highest ranked results tended to be "aggregation sites" that contain links to the original material. I prefer to be pointed to the original sites. This comment is based on only 5 minutes of experimenting, but is hopefully fair. No. However, I am more optimistic than I was a year ago. I think that here in the USA our economy will (hopefully, slowly) settle downwards over the next decade - I don't think it will fall off a cliff. Slow adjustments are good because people have a chance to adjust their lifestyles and expectations. My wife and I don't buy anything on credit, including property, cars, etc. We save first, then buy - a smart way to live (I think) because it avoids a life time of making interest payments at the small cost of having to wait a while before making large purchases. Having a modest life style also helps :-) It seems like most of our whole country has gone crazy living on credit. There are a few technical bloggers I follow that I might watch a few 'at work' screencasts. However, I think I prefer the polished type of screencast where, for example, someone shows good use of Emacs + Slime working with a remote server (just an example :-) This is more complicated than you may think. For example, if you live in the USA, how do you estimate the dollar's fall in value over the next 10 to 20 years? Also, here in the USA, our government (for very good reasons) underestimates inflation. In the last decade, stuff like the cost of food, medical expenses, and housing have been removed or diminished in the inflation rate calculations. Stuff like the drop in consumer electronics is factored into this calculation with a strong weighting factor. Nice writeup. I also spent a few hours kicking the tires of RDS the first day it was released. I use Amazon AWS a lot for both customer work and my own projects. The two things I most want to see are continued improvements to cloud watch and better proxy support for failover. blank - clean screen, clean mind :-) Thanks rbanffy - that is my read of the AGPL also. I suppose that if there were a problem, then MongoDB would not be as popular :-) I haven't yet used Rackspace cloud services, but from reading the documentation, I do like that they integrate a persistent file system with compute units (whatever they call them). Compare with EC2 and separate EBS volumes: I used to spend a lot of time with EC2 deployments dealing with attaching EBS volumes, then starting services that required the EBS volumes (though I finally got this down pat). S3 is fairly much awesome. Has anyone here ever lost data in S3 (not counting human/admin errors)? I've twice had issues with EBS volumes, but never with S3. Also, at least for my applications, S3 is so cheap. Anyway, I may get bit by this someday, but I infrequently back up what I keep in S3. Well, I liked the article - I have worked through the real world haskell book just enough to sort-of understand this article :-) That said, I gave up on Haskell. I spend a lot of time semi-learning languages because it is fun. But, for practicality, I really concentrate on knowing just Ruby, Common Lisp, and Java very well. Striking a good balance between practicality and having fun is not so easy to do. My antivirus is that I usually boot my MacBook to Ubuntu. For both Ubuntu and OS X I stay up to date with security updates. And hope for the best. Sorry if this is off topic because it is a command line solution: zip -9 -r -e foo.zip foo/ The -e argument will cause zip to ask for a password. That said, I usually create a normal ZIP file, then use GPG to encrypt it and make sure clients have my public key. I use Hadoop with custom map/reduce apps, but I am just experimenting a little with Pig, and playing with Hive is on my to-do list. I may change my mind on this, but I find the map/reduce model to be easy to work with, and development/debugging is fairly quick and easy running a single development Hadoop node. BTW, I don't view Hadoop as only being useful for very large datasets. It seems reasonable to build automated Hadoop processing into a new application that has smaller data size requirements. You don't give up much in performance, and the extra development time is reasonable. Then you have lots of flexibility for scaling up. Also, if you only have sporadic needs to process large data sets, using Elastic MapReduce is very cost effective. I have been an independent consultant for 12 years. I have a master services agreement/NDA that has slowly evolved over time, often adding something to get a gig. Feel free to use mine ( http://markwatson.com/consulting/nda.htm ) but if you improve it, please share your changes back with me. After just re-reading my own doc, it is probably too long. It used to be about half this length. You make a very good point: definitely cross out and initial parts of a customer's agreement that you are uncomfortable with. Once I had the president of a company (new client) tell me how much he appreciated me haggling a bit. This guy was a lawyer and told me he was surprised by how often people just sign stuff. Anyway, his telling me this after the fact made me feel much better about haggling in the future. Just an opinion, but my wife and I both like Heifer Project, and I also like afsc.org/ Nice writeup. My current favorite is MongoDB (I blogged a few days ago on an easy way to index and search text in MongoDB docs), but I still also use CouchDB (and covered CouchDB in my last APress book). I have played a little with Tokyo Cabinet/Tyrant but find it a little too 'low level' - would probably be great if you only need a fast hash. Cassandra is also worth a good look: if you are a Ruby developer, the Cassandra gem can auto-install all of Cassandra and manage it for you - very elegant, really. I admit that one reason I like MongoDB is that it is so simple to use, and the documentation is good. I can't answer your question from personal experience because I always just use plain old EBS volumes with my EC2s. That said, here is a good writeup on RAID use with EBS by someone at Heroku: http://orion.heroku.com/past/2009/7/29/io_performance_on_ebs... I think that most developers have a "personal server" (or two!) I keep MongoDB, CouchDB, Sesame, PostgreSQL+PostGIS, etc. "always on" for my personal and research projects - keeping my stuff separate and using customer's VPSs or EC2 instances, etc. for their work. Would I want to have all of this stuff running all the time on my laptop? I don't think so. I used to keep at least one server running on our home network but now I mostly use a really cheap VPS, and a small "3 year pay in advance" EC2 instance. Running a server or two in my house is something that I only do for special needs. Anyway, I live with the network latency hit for the convenience of (usually) not having to run servers in my home. Hello Drusneko, re: "Sure, your content may disappear if the startup goes offline" good point. I mirror my Google Docs (in case Google goes belly up :-) and online pictures. For "personal servers", S3 is very cheap for backing up information (static web pages, data stores), and a once a week or once a month cron job does the trick. Anyway, good point on backups. I don't know Don Dodge, but he seems to be a very cool guy, and the tone of his microsoft-fu (get the joke :-) seemed just right. I offer a 12.5% discount for customers who use 'express service' which basically means that they agree to pay within 7 days of invoice and agree to use my simple NDA/contract and not use up my time doing contract negotiation. If they don't pay on time, they lose the discount. I've been lucky: only one no-pay in 12 years, and that was for about an hour of work on what was originally a half day estimate (the "customer" sincerely thanked, but said that it was not worth his trouble to pay a tiny one hour invoice). I just let it slide, but in retrospect, I wish that I had re-submitted the invoice. Great writeup. I use CouchDB behind nginx anyway for simple authentication so I'll have to try this. The only problem is "continuous replication currently does not survive server restart" - that is not so good. OK, apparently this is not such a problem; from the book: "At the time of writing, CouchDB doesn’t remember continuous replications over a server restart. For the time being, you are required to trigger them again, when you restart CouchDB." So, put something in /etc/rc.local for each server to start the replication again. Although I do all of my deployments on Linux, so MacRuby is not so useful to me, I still think that this is an exciting project: LVM compiler technology, potential for good runtime performance compared to other Ruby implementations, and a really nice interface for writing native Mac applications. If I had to write a Mac app, MacRuby and HotCocoa look great. Interesting. Sort of like Heroku with "instant install", no admin. I don't touch .Net with a 10 foot pole (yeah, letting my M$crosoft biases show), but this does look cool. I have mostly worked from home for the last 12 years. There is a real trick to it: identify projects that are mostly self contained with well defined deliverables; avoid projects that require tight coupling with the activities of other workers. The biggest drawback is missing the fun of 'white board time' but adequate time on the telephone (or Skype for video) helps. The advantages mostly involve being able to schedule work time for when you are feeling (and being) most productive. The ability to take a break (even if it is only doing 20 minutes of yard work, running an errand, playing a musical instrument for a few minutes, talk with family and neighbors) is often just the thing to later help get into a good work flow. A great article! It made me realize that I need to be much more careful in setting up restrictions for PostgreSQL users (i.e., client applications). I think I'll wait until a VirtualBox pre-built image is available. I did recently go to the trouble of building the open source edition of the IntelliJ IDEA IDE, but since I have no interest in hacking on Chromium OS, this looks like a major time sink. I have used RimuHosting for years to host both my and customers JSP ('J2EE lite') web apps. Great service. I still use Rimuhosting for low volume and testing, but for more capacity it is hard to beat EC2 as a general purpose platform, especially if you need (or can effectively use) SQS, EBS, S3, etc. It would be difficult, I think, to WFH if you lived alone. Except for doing charity work, my wife is usually at home, but does not interrupt me while I am working. Having friendly neighbors and friends who live near by is good also. I used to work exclusively in my home office, but transitioned to also working in other rooms, and sometimes on our deck. I think that I take a productivity hit doing this, but it is fun to mix it up re: working environment. I think he nailed it: more of a competition for developer support. TextMate and RubyMine (Ruby and Rails), Eclipse (AppEngine, Wave robot dev), IntelliJ (Java), AquaEmacs and SBCL/Franz/Gambit-C (Common Lisp and Scheme). For documentation/writing: OmniGraffle and Latex (and sometimes Page or OpenOffice.org) I'm writing an article for DevX as we speak for Heroku deployments. I think that Heroku is a good alternative for some applications where saving money by managing your own EC2s is offset by decreased development and admin costs. I'm also writing about Heroku deployments that use remote CouchDB or MongoDB services. I like his response. re: Wave itself: I am more enthusiastic about Wave as a platform (custom robots for back end processing, gadgets) for software development. My wife and I sort of did this. We owned a great house near the beach in California and had "regular" jobs. We moved to the mountains in central Arizona (Sedona), she stopped working and I write and do some software development work. The trick was cutting expenses: less expensive area to live, bought a much smaller (and well insulated) home, and get our joy not from buying material crap but rather from cooking, hiking, hanging with friends and family. It is all about deciding what is important to you in life. I wish they had released this new feature a year ago - it would have saved me a lot of effort setting up both customers and my EC2 backed applications. I'll use this in the future, and I will convert my own permanent EC2 instance. There is a bit of trickery that I had to learn to auto mount EBS volumes when my AMIs start up - some Ruby scripting code I probably won't have to use anymore. I agree. I do use Chef and Capistrano to automate creating AMIs, but then I like to just save the AMIs and boot from them. Also, creating a new AMI from an old one is quick and easy. As a long time Microsoft detractor, I must admit that Bing has a few things that I like: 1. instant view popups 2. free search and spelling APIs for developers. I wrote a web blog showing how to use these services in just a few lines of Ruby code. and, free is good 3. daily pictures :-) I understand where you are coming from re: privacy issues, but aren't you also missing some real value? I check Facebook 2 or 3 times a week to see what family and friends have been doing. With Twitter, I follow people into the same technologies that I am interested in, and I get a lot of interesting links. re: gmail: I have never bought anything from a sponsored search link, but I do occasionally buy things from advertisement links on my email - also, sometimes I get an email from a customer asking me to help them with a problem and a useful link is on the right side of the customer email. Sure, privacy issues are huge, but I think that people need to make a personal calculation of benefits vs. potential problems. Really nice article. Knowledge as an industry must mostly play a supportive role to the physical world of oil, food production, building and maintaining infrastructure, etc. Most people probably don't like to think about this, but at least in the USA we are looking at a major transformation in our society. IMO, either our government will go bankrupt or inflate the value of the dollar towards zero. This economic trend will certainly force us (eventually) to take a hard look on IT spending, military spending, etc. to evaluate what value we get for spent resources. I also expect our society to decentralize as unemployed/under-employed get involved in local food production, etc. The future does not frighten me, and will probably be very interesting to live through, but things will change a lot in the next ten years. A few are, but in general I like two types of blogs: 1. how-to articles that solve specific development problems I have run into 2. thought-articles that expose me to a different point of view, even if I don't entirely agree with it I have enjoyed screencasts on slime+emacs use and some rails stuff. It seems to me that many (most?) people I know just can not cope with the truth about our economy, but there is some real nervousness. I have had friends who have lost over 50% of their retirement funds in the last two years - they tend to be more realists than other friends and family members who get (or will get) government pensions. The pensioners tend to have faith in the US and local governments that seems to me to be outside the bounds of clear thought and common sense. I may be over simplifying this, but I think that in addition to the obvious greed and avarice of the elites, that we have a basic problem with fear. Fear can keep a society from making sacrifices now rather than postponing the pain and making the future more difficult. I think that the next ten years will be interesting to live through (in negative and in positive ways) but facing problems head on seems like a better approach to what our leaders are doing now. I hear you. I am still a "google fan," specifically I have a business idea I want to implement on top of Wave, and I plan on continuing using GMail. That said, I switched my default Firefox search to Clusty yesterday. This morning, I searched for a vendor of old Rudger Mark II magazines/clips. I clicked on a paid link, and ended up spending a fair amount of money. Clusty got a profit slice that Google would have got if their privacy issues had not caught my attention. The sci-fi author David Brin (a cool guy, BTW) advocates for no privacy as long as everyone has an equal amount of "non privacy" - the problem as I see it is the corporations, who profit by knowing everything about you via discount cards at supermarkets, the web, etc. I'll stop complaining when we have the ability to know private corporate details, have congress people have to wear Nascar-like advertisements on their clothes, etc. I have had 3 customers have me use github, and that works fine. For my own stuff, I prefer using one of my own servers. I bet that he wishes he could roll-back that comment! I think that most non-tech people would be very surprised if they realized how much personal data our corporate overlords have collected. I know where this guy is coming from: I get a few proposals a year from potential customers to do projects for them that I consider to have a very low chance of business success. I clearly state my reservations and try to make helpful suggestions. If they still want to do the project, I try to talk them into a small first-stage project. Chris: never use automatic memory management? The only time I have, after the fact, thought it worthwhile using C/C++ was some Nintendo game development. Well worth the effort to lower memory footprint and get good runtime performance. Everything else I have done, in hindsight, would have been better done in a language with automatic GC. Fortunately for me, SAIC bought me a Lisp machine in 1982 and since then I have been able to do a lot of my work in Lisp, Prolog, Ruby, and Java :-) Good article and quantified my own take, making me feel justified for setting up RAID0. Lately, I have spent 5 to 10 hours a week doing setup/experiments on EC2 + EBS (about half on customer projects, and about half for my own stuff). I expect (hope!) that this time spent per week will decrease drastically since although I have been having a lot of fun, this is time spent not doing development. I continue to be a big fan of Heroku because it saves me so much time, but I have been having limited success getting customers to go with Heroku - they seem to want to pay for custom EC2 setups. BTW, one huge advantage of running on EC2 is that it is so easy to run an old version of a system to test against. I moved my own reserved instance from booting on an ephemeral drive (out of S3) to booting off of EBS. I only deployed what I currently need, and will always have the old version around to test against, check a bootup script, etc. I have a beta account but I have not yet used it very much because I have CouchDB running on two of my own servers, and usually on my laptop. Except for not really being able to do ad-hoc queries (you write map/reduce view functions which create indices) I like CouchDB. That said, I use MongoDB a little more frequently because it is easier for me to use. What I really like about CouchDB is the way it uses REST and JSON. I use Ruby clients, and sometimes I prefer to just use simplehttp and json gems, and do everything low level because it feels natural. I wrote 2 Springer-Verlag Lisp books in ancient times, and have about 25 years of Lisp experience. That said, Ruby has mostly replaced Lisp in my toolbox. When I do use a Lisp family language, it is most often Gambit-C Scheme to build small standalone executables - and sometimes Franz or SBCL Common Lisp. BTW, I consider Python and Ruby to be fairly interchangable - use whichever you like best. Both are great languages with great libraries and supporting open source projects. I used to worry more about good runtime performance. Now I prefer to use a language that is easier and faster to use in development. re: pluses and minuses: Lisp: + better interactive development style; I'll keep a Lisp repla open most of the day. For Ruby, irb is not something that I live in. + really great runtime perfromance - not as many libraries for web frameworks, database, etc. Ruby: + very concise and fun to develop with + many great libraries and frameworks - poor runtime performance You are right about writing: it shows you what you don't yet thoroughly understand and need to think about some more. I find that some good books take a very long time for me to read because I need to stop and mull over what I am reading. Case in point: I just finished a short Joseph Campbell book ("Pathways to Bliss"): I would literally stop every paragraph or two and reflect on how the material was relevant to my own life, about my own 'myth,' etc. It took me a month to work through this short book. Not to mention nice add-ons like PostGIS. MySQL is simpler to set up in master-slave configurations, but except for that, PostgreSQL is almost always my choice. I must admit that I usually think that whatever projects that I happen to be working on are: most fun, most interesting, etc. Same comment applies to programming languages, tools, and frameworks. This is a reflection of a simple fact of life: whatever we think hard about and generally mull over, becomes very interesting. That said, I am likely to be using Lisp a lot next year: I have a partially written book on Franz AllegroGraph that the people at Franz suggested that I put on hold until their new version 4 is released. The free version of AllegroGraph is awesome (supports 50 million RDF triples, and easily used from Lisp, Java, Ruby, Python, etc. clients). The $$ version scales very well to huge data sets. Thanks to whoever added the 2001 date to my submission - I'll remember to do that next time. The history of Javascript is a history of accidents :-) Javascript is one language that I wish I new better. I can code in Javascript, but I need references handy to help me remember how to do things. I tend to just remember the basics required to write CouchDB view functions and simple web related tasks. However, nice tools like Rails AJAX helpers, couch-potato (generates CouchDB views from Ruby) and other tools pretty much make it possible to not spend too much time dealing with Javascript. Regardess of technical merit, Javascript is used on a wide scale and its use will I think keep increasing. The popup dialog box was fine. It would have been better though to have more of the defaults tuned to more privacy enhancing options. Facebook is cool, though, and I check my home page a couple of times a week. That said, Facebook is more interesting as an application delivery platform, and their third party developer support seems to be pretty good. Good article. I get a lot of interesting information from following a small number of technical blogs of people I know (usually just through years of email contact) and trust. That is how I get valuable/interesting things to read. (I also use twitter for this purpose.) Redit (hint: strong customize the 'My Redit' lists you subscribe to narrow things down to your particular interests) and Hacker News are also pretty good if you stick to the first few pages of up-voted links. re: search engines: one of my primary uses for web search is pasting in error messages from server build errors, runtime errors, etc. Also, for quickly looking up an API I can't quite remember. A very different process than using search to find fun stuff to read. Nice article. I especially like the attitude of the author: "One barrier I have encountered is that there is a bias against BI efforts that require 'programming.'" That is a good list! Good idea "using SimpleDB for dumping a lot of important metrics data" and reminded me to install webrat, which I just did (people at a Merb Camp were raving about webrat) and from the github doc page, it looks like a good and easy way to sanity check that web apps are not broken. You might want to experiment for an hour or so with DrScheme/MzScheme: lots of good libraries for web app development -- same comment applies to Chicken Scheme. My favorite Scheme is Gambit-C which has fewer libraries but if you install from source, then look in the examples directory for a simple HTTP server example. That said, DrScheme would be a fast way to evaluate Scheme for your purposes. Common sense and obvious. In the 1980s I worked on a large DARPA project where a huge hit was taken because our admins never tried to restore from backups. It is the kind of lesson that is (hopefully) learned with just one bad experience. This is another reason why I like EC2 deployments: it is fairly easy to take your backups (automated deployment scripts, application, data) and spin up another copy of your whole system (except for flipping the DNS). Make sure those EBS-backed EC2 AMIs are really bootable and functioning :-) Nice presentation! Sorry that this is little off topic, but: MongoDB is released under the AGPL. As a MongoDB user, I have been fine with this because I always use mongodb as-is as a service, and will probably never want to modify it. Question though: why is it a big deal that MySQL be available with commercial licenses as long as it is used as a service, and there are non-GPL client libraries available? I asked this question before, but did not receive very many replies. The bruhaha over the Oracle Sun acquisition made me think more about this. Good questions. I would think that if they are making money with AWS then they will keep buying more servers. I usually trust S3 for backups and restores but periodically back my own data off of AWS to local storage. I expect both Amazon and Google infrastructure services to experience outages from time to time. However, they have far more resources and expertise than I do to provide scalable services for a low cost. Anyone tried this? In the 1980s, the Coral Common Lisp system (precursor to Macintosh Common Lisp, which this IDE is derived from) was a gift from heaven. It was so good that after I ported the ISI Grapher to CCL, I immediately gave my old Lisp Machine to someone else at SAIC who wanted it. I'm downloading MCLIDE now, but it would be good to hear some reviews before I take the time to set it up. For me the issue is that Emacs + either SLIME or the Scheme minor mode is very good for development. I just tried it with Clozure CL. Seems to work fine, but I am going to stick with Emacs+SLIME with colored fonts, etc. My mistake, there is a plugin for colored/styled fonts. Also, as someone kindly pointed out in an email: http://www.clairvaux.org/ColorCoded.html As a Linux user since 1992, Ubuntu is my favorite distro, out of many great distros. Mark Shuttleworth has really done the whole world a great service, definitely someone who has given something back to the world. I use Ubuntu on all of my servers, most of my customers' deployments, and boot it on my MacBook. I hope that Shuttleworth keeps putting a lot of energy into promoting Ubuntu. The directions say to set export MYSQL_CONNECTOR_JAR= to location of a mysql client jar -- you see this error message if you don't do this. Awesome, following the directions, it took just a few minutes to get a local copy running. I used to run my own online word processor, written about 6 years ago for my own use, but a few thousand people signed up to try it. It is tempting to run an EtherPad instance for my business clients, and another one for my friends and family. That said, eventually I think that Wave will be awesome so sticking to that makes the most sense. Investing a lot of time to get into the EtherPad codebase seems like a slippery slope to non-productivity. Right now, on my MacBook, the RSIZE is 204M. Not too much memory. Two years ago, one of my customers sent me a 30 pound coffee table book of Leonardo da Vinci's complete works of art and biography. A bit off topic, but: I like the way you get redundancy with Amazon: Elastic Load Balancing can proxy traffic to multiple availability zones. That said, Amazon AWS have had outages this year - goes with the business. MongoDB really is simple to use. Unlike CouchDB, you can make adhoc queries without defining map/reduce functions. In MongoDB, array elements are indexed so searching for words, tags, etc. is easy. The Ruby client support is excellent. Casandra is really easy to set up (installing the cassandra gem, then doing 'cassandra_helper cassandra' installs all cassandra dependencies). But Casandra requires a lot of application specific configuration. I always leave MongoDB running on my MacBook and two of my servers so it is ready at hand. That was a great conference report, and of interest since (when I code in CL) I use SBLC more often than Franz or Clozure. The SBCL developers are also very helpful (a few years ago, I got a very large memory patch for a customer's server in a few hours). It would be great if some videos show up of the presentations. I realize that someone has to do a lot of work editing and pushing video, but it is a real service to the community, and in general, conference videos are great and much appreciated. Wow, that brought back some memories. I wrote a commercial app for the Mac in 1984/85 but I had forgot how the original Mac screen looked. I have done some JRuby + Sinatra coding for AppEngine in the last 6 months, but I keep running into problems that I simply don't have when I use Java. I worked through the linked article several days ago and hit errors (at least on my dev system) near the end. I started converting an app to JRuby + Sinatra several months ago, and things were mostly working, but I ran into enough problems to postpone the project. I can be patient. That said, I expect the JRuby support to keep getting better, and I hope that soon I can mostly switch to JRuby. I prepayed for a 3 year reservation for a small Amazon EC2 instance and I am very happy with that decision because I frequently deploy customer projects to AWS, and any experience from my own projects is a big help. I also permanently rent a small VPS from RimuHosting. I like their customer service and their low costs. And, the elephant in the room is Google AppEngine. I have several deployed apps and an effective price of free is difficult to beat. Surprisingly (to me) I have had no customer interest in deploying to AppEngine. I have had ongoing problems using JRuby+Sinatra on AppEngine, but the Java support is fairly much hassle free. That was a good article! I would not worry about how fast WebSockets catch on with the general public: even if in 6 months only a small percentage of web users have a browser that supports WS by default, that is still a lot of potential users. Really, a great looking technology. That looks pretty good. A great way to learn a new language: write something useful. Neat - I just tried it. I am fairly much "in like" with both activerecord and datamapper, but Friendly is cool. I wonder how much work it would take to support PostgreSQL. Friendly looks especially good in MySQL shops - otherwise I would suggest taking a good look at MongoDB (or Redis, CouchDB, Cassandra, etc.) Cool, thanks for the tip. I have been occasionally building Rails 3 and trying it - can't wait to switch work projects (probably do this a month after official release). There is obviously a lot of talent on the rails dev team and it shows with the willingness to keep improving the architecture. Yeah, this article is probably much more accurate than what you see on the corporate news media. Fortunately for our 'masters', there are always news stories about terrorism, etc. that they can use to keep public consciousness off of higher importance things like the economy. I got out of the stock market 2 years ago, started easing back in about 9 months ago, and now I want to get back out. I enjoyed reading the article but don't really agree with quite a bit of it. I do agree that single individuals or very small teams most often make great breakthroughs, and that languages like Java do yield more "fungibilty." I don't really agree with the Lisp-centric discussion because I have worked with many fine programmers who used several different languages. The right person makes a bigger impact than language selection. As far as productivity goes, building a web portal in rails is far faster than using Lisp, and in my opinion will yield more maintainable code. That said, I am using Common Lisp a lot right now because I am working on a book about AllegroGraph. (BTW, one good "home" for Lisp is back end services.) In 1982 the CEO and Treasurer of my company (SAIC) bought me a Xerox 1108 - definitely a great box, especially because it was back in 1982. Lisp purists will probably slam me for this (with adequate justification) but I prefer the modern Lisp ecosystem with: * both free/open source and commercial Lisp environments * free deployment using open source systems like SBCL, etc. (In ancient history, I only used my 1108 for marketing prototypes and research because there was no reasonably priced deployment strategy) * when I do want a persistent heap setup, I use SBCL and dump new images as I work. I don't often use this mode unless I have a lot of data that I am using over a long period of time - otherwise reloading source at the beginning of each work session is OK. * emacs + slime is a good environment If you want image based development, I would suggest that you try Squeak Smalltalk (liberal open source license) or Cincom Smalltalk (modest cost, good support and features, and a good deployment strategy). I think that using Cincom is totally free until you start making money with it. I have a system that works well for me, basically separating small test/experimental bits of code from code for customer projects. I'll talk about the layout of book code later. I keep small test/experimental bits of code in sub-directories of top level directories labeled Java_stuff, Lisp_stuff, Scheme_stuff, Ruby_stuff, Python_stuff, etc. Each test/experiment is in a well named sub-directory. These small experiments are useful for both learning and for later reuse on real projects. I keep each active customer project in a directory with sub-directories for documentation, code, and test data. For work on books: similar to customer projects: sub-directories for source code, for figure files (OmniGraffle and exported vector PDF files), for code examples, and for Latex (or OpenOffice if I can't use Latex). I also keep a temp directory for downloading, building, running, and perusing source code for projects that I read about on the web. I periodically delete stuff in temp that is older than a few weeks old. Finally, not specifically for code: I use Google documents to make copious deployment notes which I use for reference for future projects. """Some of these sub-directories are actually symlinks to encrypted DMGs, again depending on who owns the IP.""" That is how I handle customer proprietary data also for customers who want their work encrypted. BTW, I also use git for almost all of the materials in the parent comment. I use a very small managed VPS for my git repositories. For extra backup (in addition to git remote repositories): I have a script that mounts a EBS volume on my always running EC2 instance, does an rsync to the EBS volume of almost everything but decrypted sensitive files, and then unmounts the EBS volume. EBS volumes are reasonably reliable. I don't read uninteresting material and I don't need to because I only accept work in a few very narrow technical areas that I am really interested in. For reading: I need a quiet place because interruptions really ruin my comprehension. Also: I find reading other people's code to be almost as good as reading well written books. I've been doing this for about 30 years - a good habit, if you enjoy it. That was a good article, not only for investing strategies, but also had a few good tech business ideas - very appropriate for HN. Zed made some good points. I also like simplicity in designs (and make things more complicated by refactoring if the need ever arises). That is one thing I like about Ruby: it is so simple and concise to do things that are not simle and concise in other languages - this makes code look simple and thus easy to read. Nice writeup, and useful. I just did a git clone and looked through the project. I used to do web app development in Lisp and I found having a skeleton project to start with with all ASDF installs local helped me get started - in the future I am likely to toss my old skeleton project and use this one. Cool, I just upgraded. A long while ago, I used to use Rich Hickey's very nice LispWorks to Java bridge. I have tried getting into Clojure a few times in the past, but I kept going back to Common Lisp, Ruby, and Java. That said, I have in the last week given Clojure some real experimentation time: set up an IntelliJ (good for Clojure and Scala) project with little examples for using PostgreSQL, embedded Sesame RDF data store, accessing CouchDB and MongoDB, and a lot of other small bits of code that are requirements for common work tasks. One possibly great thing about Clojure is that it could be effective for just about everything that I do except web apps (I like Rails :-) The downside of Clojure is that there is a solid amount of work in Ruby, Common Lisp, and Java. I am not at all sure if customers would want me to use it. I just blogged on my predictions for the hot tech for 2010: wireless, analytics, modeling, data/text mining, micro business development with small very focused charge for use web apps, Linked Data, etc. The thing is, choose something that is fascinating for you, otherwise you probably don't have as much chance for success. I would suggest going with what most interests you. A subset of the SW, Linked Data, seems to be gathering some momentum. I still think that we are going to hit an inflection point where there is enough linked data to enable great apps, which will drive more people to publish linked data. In this case, the uptake could accelerate rapidly. OTOH, you might be right. I like RDF+RDFS but OWL, while interesting, seems very heavy weight to me. ACTA is just more evidence of the excessive control that corporations/new world order want to exert over individual communication. I've written 16 published books and I have never lost a moments sleep from worrying about being ripped off by piracy. There is a little concept called 'the public good' that to me means that people who create content want both to make a little money and to help people. BTW, there are worse problems in the world than ACTA, but ACTA is pretty bad. Wow, please don't take this badly, but: if you don't have a few prototypes, how can you really know what works and what doesn't for your general ideas? Definitely, build a few experimental systems and get feedback from them. With frameworks like Rails and Django, the cost of prototyping is small. I have an idea similar to yours: in the far future, software will be ancient, largely bug free, and not be changed much over the centuries. Information management software will evolve to a high degree of utility and then remain static because why change bug free software that works perfectly. Operating systems may be easily themed, but there will be no need to change the core that works and has finally become bug free over centuries of infrequent bug fixes. Think of Asimov's "Spacers" society. What we think of programming will evolve into using incredible high level scripting languages and frameworks. Programs will be very short. I hope you are correct. I still boot my MacBook to OS X sometimes, but universal use of Linux in the cloud, private servers, and on the desktop will lead to lowering computing costs and produce more solid software. re: Lisp: that would be nice :-) re: singularity: a friend and sometimes colleague who is one of the most far thinking and creative AI people I know is likely to move to China because of their willingness to fund long term AI research. I have a gut feeling that Roger Penrose may be correct that conventional computers may be incapable of consciousness but, quantum computing may take care of that. I'm in my 50s. I do some similar exercises: putting shoes on in reverse order, play a Wii sports game left handed instead of right handed, etc. Also, about 1/2 of my friends very much disagree with me on politics/economy (I have some very liberal and very conservative friends who, for example, don't like it when I slam, respectively, Obama or Bush). I spend a good 10+ hours a week learning new tech. My Dad is a good example of the advantages of doing new things. He was a physicist (and a member of the National Academy of Science) and at 60 he became an oceanographer. Now, in his late 80s, he has a passion for computer animation and video editing. To say that he is still very sharp mentally is a great understatement. BTW, one great thing about developing software is that you get to be a quasi-expert at many different application domains as you work on different projects. I expect that 6. is spot-on. For me, 1. is almost here: all of my important data is in a git repository on a managed server in Texas, and backups are in Amazon zone east 1-b. His predictions on AI also seem reasonable. Great article - I especially liked the idea of using several for a very low power "server farm." I bookmarked the page where the shiva plug dev it can be purchased - probably won't buy one, but I might! I don't agree with the trash talk on the AGPL in these comments to the original article. I would like to see fewer open source licenses: in my opinion the Apache 2, LGPL 3, and AGPL 3 would suffice since I am not that clear why Apache 2 and BSD styles licensed projects just couldn't be Apache 2. That said: creators should obviously have the only say in what license they choose to use. I know someone who has a small AI + semantic web company, they use the AGPL, and I think that they are doing OK. The trick is selling a "commercial use" exception. Also, my understanding is that if you use AGPL code in a web service, then you need to make the entire web service implementation AGPL. However, other systems that use the newly created AGPL web service do not need to be AGPL - if I am wrong about this, I would appreciate being corrected. That is interesting, thanks. I did not realize how few projects use the AGPL. One problem with the AGPL is that it seems to work for projects that are totally owned by one individual or company because there is a clear stratgey for supporting alternative commercial use licenses with no software distribution requirements. If alternative use licenses are low cost for received value and if the commercial license passes corporate lawyer scrutiny, all is good. The big problem with the AGPL is projects with multiple contributers - makes a paid for commercial license difficult. ""Watch, too, for Amazon, to develop an application platform."" What is AWS? AWS provides high level infrastructure like very robust message queues and file volumes that are automatically replicated. Add elastic load balancing, easy to manage EC2s, etc. and you really have much higher level components than just leasing servers. Will Amazon try to compete with Google Apps? I don't think so. Very cool, both tech-wise and for Arizona (where I live, and more local jobs == a good thing). I want to put solar panels on our roof (different tech, same motivations) and my wife is just about talked into it. Most things that help the local economy and help people be more self reliant are good things. Well said! Let people who create decide how to distribute their creations. Also, that was a really good analysis of the history of balkanization of BSD derived OSes. I really like 'behind the scenes' stories like this from big sites like Reddit, Facebook, Heroku etc. I work on a smaller scale of a few EC2 at a time, but I really enjoy the scaling info. I just installed Clozure on a new Windows laptop (yes, I know, but it has 4 cores, and was inexpensive). On OS X and Linux I was used to running SBCL (or Franz). I think that most of the 45K instances are small experiments that only get a few HTTP requests per day. I would guess that in this case an instance that does not get a request for a while that it gets 'swapped out.' I have no firm data, but a customer last year put a very low volume web app on Heroku, and I guess this is exactly what we saw: the first request after a quiesant period took many seconds - then subsequent requests were quick. If I am right about this, customers with high volume web apps would not notice this. I don't like the part of not paying the offshore team. Sure, fire them if you want to, but pay up on billable hours. On the other hand, since there is no legal recourse in some other countries, keeping some offshore teams on dev servers with no access to production systems may make sense. But, I tend to work with the same people in Russia, India, Brazil, and Vietnam over the years, and we develop a high level of mutual trust. That was a great story :-) I am just a 'pure techie' and could never pull off something like this, but I enjoyed the experience vicariously. (All I can do is code ;-) Off topic: SGI made such great boxes; I got to use their highest end reality engines on three occasions, complements of SAIC, Nintendo, and Disney. I turn down about 1/2 of consulting offers (two today, which is a record), spending the time on research, general learning, and the non-tech aspects of living. For me the trick is: I got an agreement from my wife that it is better to remain on top of new tech than to maximize earning. Also, living in a low cost area helps increase flexibility (Carol and I sold our large house near the beach in San Diego, and bought a small economical house in the mountains in Central Arizona). The great mythologist Joseph Campbell advised his students to "follow their bliss," and I can agree with that as long as you are supporting yourself and family. In life, try to do what makes you happy as often as possible. Also, +1 for you for not wanting to go into debt. Looking at this from a computer nerd perspective, China has been a successful NODEMOCRACY because they have been able to deliver on an increasing standard of living for its citizens. I suspect that a lot of Internet users in China are much more interested in their careers and lifestyle than "freedom." That said, if the Chinese government fails to deliver on an every increasing standard of living, then they have real problems. A little off topic, but: here in the USA we spend about 1.5 trillion dollars a year on our military industrial complex (DoD, Home Land Security, foreign aid through the State Department, interest on loans to pay for all of this, etc., etc.) I am not the only one who wishes that more of these resources were directed at our own industrial and educational infrastructure. The fact that the employees in China would lose their jobs was the first thought/concern I had when this story broke. But, the world is not a fair place. A useful article by Grant Ingersoll, of Mahoot fame. I am using PostGIS for two current customer projects, but when I have time I'll work through Grant's example from this article. Not a good article. I have been around the Tarahumara. The women are friendly but very shy, the men are not to be seen when outsiders are around. My guide told me that they have a 50% infant mortality. However, their history is very cool: when the Spaniards were enslaving everyone they could catch in northern Mexico for a short and harsh life in silver mines, the Tarahumara did not like what they saw, and headed for remote areas. I am surprised Kenneth Rogoff equates chess AI with "real AI." "Real AI" is a long way off; my definition: ability for systems to learn from their environment (physical or Internet), change their internal models, and generally evolve their own abilities without requiring external help. Off topic: I have never met grandmaster Rogoff, but I watched my friend Carl Wagner play him in a telephone San Diego vs. Boston match in 1975. My company SAIC hosted the San Diego end of the match, and I was very surprised to see my friend Carl playing number 1 board: Carl had been clobbering me at chess during lunch time for months and I was just about ready to give up the game since I had a long loosing streak, and I am a poor loser. So, Carl was an international master, and never mentioned it :-) That was a good article. Generally I use Scala very little, but in the last few days I have written both Scala and Clojure wrappers for some of my Java code (I wanted idiomatic wrappers that feel Scala-like and Clojure-like - that is why I don't just directly call into Java). Like Clojure, Scala could be a universal programming language for me if it was not for the learning curve: I have invested so many years on Lisp, Java, and Ruby that it is difficult to motivate myself to become proficient with 2 more languages. Anyway, both the article and the comments to the article were interesting. Nice: I just installed and played with this for 5 minutes. Assuming no significant bugs or problems, this is a welcome tool for when I have to use Windows. (I can't even imagine using Windows without cygwin and a bash shell.) Google could make themselves look better right now by quickly granting a free perpetual nonexclusive patent license to the Apache Hadoop project. The free service right now (having a 'mini newspaper' emailed to you every morning) is nice, but to be honest, I would value this at about $1/month, but I might pay up to $1.50/month to support journalism. I suspect that they will want to charge more than this. Easy prediction: this will be big even if range of applications is limited to low bandwidth network apps. I buy and read about 2 books a month in addition to using the local library so I share Tim's desire to keep the pipeline full of interesting things to read. Publishing has been a good business for centuries, but we do need a way to encourage writers given lots of free material on the Internet. Interesting article, but I disagree mostly due to my personal preferences: I am more comfortable using GMail+GCalendar+Gdocs in my workflow, buying MP3s cheaply on Amazon, and having the relative openness of the Android phones over the iPhone. Still, for non-techs, the Apple do it all approach would be very tempting if not for the much higher cost of Apple gear. I may be calling this wrong, but I think that we are going to the commoditization of just about everything: cheaper bandwidth, cheaper devices, low cost or free software, etc. The market will grow but individually products and services will get much cheaper. Very long term, will most people be willing to pay for the Apple cost premium? I think that you are correct. This is why I expect HTML 5 "apps" to be more important on iPhone, Android phones, etc. Just a guess, but: their economy is doing poorly and/or there is some political scandal, and their government wants people to think of something (anything) else. Leave it to law enforcement to take appropriate precautions, but trying to scare your own population seems really bogus. It really just matters what FB's terms and conditions are. Who really owns so-called vanity domains (really, not a domain at all)? Still, if this story is true, this reflects poorly on FB. Fairly much awesome (not totally awesome because I'll have to maintain old projects as-is, not worth updating with so many API changes). While I use a few different programming languages in my work, I am now fairly much only using Rails for web applications. This process was finalized when I converted a customer's project from Common Lisp to Ruby and Rails last summer. I spent a few years doing 'game AI' for Nintendo games and some Disney VR. I like to mention to young gamers that to prepare for this kind of work, ideally one should study: math (especially linear algebra and calculus), physics, computer science, art, and literature. Not very many people have all of these skills, but the president of Angel Studios once mentioned that he liked to see as many of these skill areas as possible. I agree, neat! - I just tried it also on the book I am writing. The book "The Sovereign Individual" (published at least 10 years ago) predicted that the UK, then the USA would transition into much less free countries as their economies started to unravel. The authors also wrote a book predicting the fall of the Berlin Wall a few years before that event happened. I view the political BS and general war-mongering in both countries to be a cover for those in power not wanting to confront very serious economic problems. Something to distract people, etc. That would also be my recommendation. BTW, I just wrapped up Lucene, Sesame (RDF data store), and Java DB in one package (I wanted RDF+geolocation+search of text in RDF triples), and also put Clojure and Scala wrappers around my Java wrapper. If you are using Clojure, Scala, JRuby, etc., might as well take advantage of great Java libraries. Cool. I've been writing Scala and Clojure wrappers for a larger Java project, and I ran into a minor hassle last week with Scala/Java integration and I read something that indicated that things would be easier with Scala 2.8. I am downloading the beta right now to see if there are any problems using it with InteliJ 9. Trying 2.8 did break some of my code (as expected from reading the 2.8 beta docs) I agree with the article. I look more forward to a light weight Chrome netbook. I don't know if it is the offing or not, but perhaps a Chrome netbook could forgo a physical keyboard and have a popup virtual keyboard like my Droid (although that adds the expense of a touchscreen). Bonus points to hardware manufacturers: sell a Chrome netbook that looks like a iPad, but has a slide out physical keyboard like my Motorola Droid phone. I just tagged this excellent article on delicio.us - description: "Awesome example of using Clojure for data manipulation!" A good read, and I bet that a few of the code snippets in the article will save me coding time. I agree with Yehuda that any good browser platform helps promote web apps, and HTML 5 makes this even better. One point of disagreement: I think that it is awful to not have a sandboxed Flash implementation so the device could access hulu.com, conference videos, etc. This rules out my wife and I buying one of these because I would not by a web browsing device that could not access quite a bit of web content. A good article, but I think it misses one important point: the eventual commoditization of devices like this. Apple's entire touch screen platform does look compelling for non-techs, but there will be a raft of very inexpensive similar devices hitting the market, and I still think that lower cost will win the most market share (eventually). Not too much news, but expected and reassuring for those of us who live at least partially in JVM-land. I have been programming since the 1960s and the JVM has been the most important programming technology that I have experienced. Although JRuby, Scala, Clojure, etc. are niche development markets right now, I expect to see a huge uptake in alternative JVM languages used by highly skilled developers. I am not dissing Java, just saying :-) Setting up IntelliJ (version 9, either free open soirce version or commercial version)with the Clojure plugin was a good start for me. I bought Stuart's book (physical book) and the other two Closure books as work in progress PDFs - good references and a help to write idiomatic Clojure code. BTW, IntelliJ free version also works well with the Scala plugin, so you can mix Java+Clojure+Scala in one project. With the commercial version, you can add JRuby to the mix. I have to ask: why would the author still be using PostgreSQL 8.1? I run 8.3 or 8.4, and having tsearch2 built in is nice in addition to running a newer release for bug fixes, performance improvements, etc. BTW, for Ruby, the texticle plugin smoothly integrates tsearch2 with ActiveRecord. Yes, but MongoDB is so easy to use, at least with Ruby and the mongo and mongo_record gems, that it would be a very short book. BTW, I just wrote a 3 part article for developer.com that has CouchDB and MongoDB examples. A fair question: I am writing a utility in Java, but I wanted to supply idiomatic wrappers for JRuby, Scala, and Clojure. It has been a long while since I looked at Wonderland, but I am grabbing the source and archiving it right now it in case the project completely goes away. A main take away point: Ruby is better for writing DSLs (which is what I am doing for one customer right now) I am downloading it right now. I use IntelliJ and Rubymone several hours each work day. While I appreciate Eclipse and Netbeans, the Jetbrains products are a bit better. You sort of have this with IntelliJ, which I use for Java, Scala, and Clojure. (Also supports Ruby, but I prefer RedMine, or a non-IDE like GEdit or TextMate) I like that it is written in Gambit-C Scheme, which has been one of my weapons of choice when I want to code in a high level language and produce small, fast, standalone executables. As of last year, Marc made it very easy to compile and link executables, and portable across OS X, Windows, Linux (just do a rebuild on each platform). Recommended! BTW, I wrote an article for DevX last year on Gambit-C (pardon the self-plug): http://www.devx.com/opensource/Article/42778/1763/ Good article, as usual for mises.org (I credit their material a few years ago for motivating me to get out of the stock market). I am in my 50s, and one of my common little rants is how selfish my generation and the next older generation is. My children and my young grandchildren will indeed have to pay for our collective excesses. Really unfair. I believe that it is human nature to care for younger generations, so the current wave of selfishness is really sick and unnatural behavior. Two generations of gluttons. This selfishness is on personal, corporate, and government levels. The worst is starting unnecessary wars on credit, but the general blame trickles on down. You are right about the next older generation getting even a better deal, but I am not complaining on my own account: when I graduated from college in the 1970s, it was really easy to buy a home, and generally have had an easy life style. I have to admit to a bit of a morbid fascination about the economy: I expect that in the USA that local governments will go bankrupt, the federal government will devalue the dollar to get by, etc. Thing that I have no idea about: will this happen in 1 year, 10 years? ... I see the logic in taking a small job just to keep busy. I did the same thing right after the dot com bust 8 years ago: I took a task from an Indian company to do a Sharepoint clone in Java at a fairly low rate with the understanding that I could set their work aside for a few days at a time when better paying work came along. I never regretted that decision, partially because the guy who hired me was a one time McKinsey manager and he was cool to work with. I live in the mountains in Arizona, BTW, so I do a lot of remote work. I would diversify my investments internationally, pack my laptop and reading material and book a long cruise. Seriously: no matter how long the trip, my wife and I never get bored on a cruise ship. Also, on board a ship is a good place to think and do some creative work. Silly article, IMHO. Main reason: if you are really caught up in the privacy issue, don't use Google (signed in), Facebook, etc. Also, strongly control what cookies you want to allow. To me it is a value proposition: what are the advantages of a service vs. disadvantages like privacy issues. I choose to use most of Google's services, occasionally use Facebook, and I am sort-of addicted to following people who I consider to be "thought leaders" on Twitter. Also, my early take on Buzz: it is OK, but I have an attitude that I don't have to read everything that shows up on my Buzz list. Same as Twitter. I have also started to sometimes do short tweets on Twitter, and maybe following up with something more detailed on Buzz. That is a good point about EC2 being a black box. When something really slows down (SimpleDB queries, network access, etc.) it takes effort to track down the problem(s). I think that AWS is a good resource for scaling up non-realtime calculations like map reduce, but may not be a great choice for 24x7 hosting. Very cool idea of using a low cost camera sensor to provide feedback on how well the robot is moving. I would guess (not having seen the code) that Matt is using the metric of how far the robot can move to tune parameters for controlling the legs (genetic algorithm or genetic programming). Sorry if this is off topic, but: the speed that Google changed Buzz is the reason why I love the web as a deployment platform. Except for local software development tools, Latex, and video editing software, I want everything I do to be web based. I find all of the news coverage on Greece to be a "red herring." The real story is that England and the USA have no chance of avoiding economic collapse (most likely large devaluation of currency) - sort of like they are caught near the event horizon of a black hole, and will eventually get sucked in. The sooner this happens, the sooner we can "recover." Hello hga, yes, ultimately the USA and U.K. are too big (in my opinion) to get bailed out. Also: of course the Eurozone news is big, but here in the USA I feel like that story is used to gloss over our own problems. Interesting points on library design to do the heavy lifting (especially the HTML document regular expression example). Still, the main point of the article is not right: Scala is much more concise than Java (as is Clojure). Article was worth reading however. I am put off by the article's title, but otherwise Alan makes some good points: I would prefer that Buzz not show the number of new items. I have been using Buzz like I use Twitter: about 10 minutes a day (each) to take a quick look for interesting things to read. I'm enjoying Buzz, and as long as it is easy to completely disable it I don't think that people have much to complain about. BTW, a little off topic but: how difficult is it really to remove duplicate entries in Google Reader and similar aggregators? Even better: recognize which articles are original and which are just summaries with a link to the original article. Eliminate duplicates, favoring original articles. (Seems like NGRAMS or comparing word count statistics might do the trick.) Great article. I also have felt some "TED attendance envy" while really enjoying the online videos. For some people, the value of personal networking far out weighs the travel costs and conference fee. I like to write (i.e., email) people who entertain, inform and/or impress me, and I am pleasantly surprised how often people respond to questions and comments. Amazon designed and implemented AWS for their own use, and it is not always a good fit for outside developers. But sometimes it is. AWS is very good for offloading non-time critical calculations, backup storage using S3, etc. AWS may not be the best choice for primary hosting, and as usual requirements analysis is required. The DNS problem that the article mentions is not a problem for Amazon hosting their own applications but can be a problem for external users. Another myth: the world is a dangerous place. Seriously, for most people on earth, the world has steadily become a safer place over the last 50 years. Far more danger during the "cold war." Media hype of "orange alerts," "red alerts," etc. is just a clever way to get people to accept $1.5 trillion/year of military related spending each year (in the USA). Sure, crime, terrorism, rogue governments like Israel and Iran, etc. are some danger to the world population, but I believe that the trend is towards a safer world. If you read the Blogspot profile of the author of this article, it looks like he lives in the USA. That said, he makes good points. I agree that the UK and USA are face the worse economic problems, but it may take several years. Here in the USA, our leaders will do anything to push problems into the future rather than working on them. A good read, good points criticizing the spec. At first, I was dead set against HTML5 because I had been waiting for wide XHTML+RDFa adoption. That isn't going to happen now. Still, if HTML5 implementations are good and support web app portability between browsers, then I am happy enough with it. I also liked Bray's point on bring patent troll problems with video codecs more into the public view. Great set of slides - I wish I could have heard the talk live. I did add his company's blog to my RSS/Atom feed. I would like to spend more time with both Clojure and AppEngine and the slides were some motivation. I am still a little skeptical however that Clojure base web apps will ever have the traction of Rails (I had a 5 hour sprint today to add two major features to a customer's rails web app: would have taken a long time to do with server side Java; I would guess that Clojure would split the difference). I've bought 3 Clojure books, and I would by a 4th if the author of these slides would write a web app specific Clojure book. Thanks, that sounds right. That said, I have 3+ years invested in Rails, so it is difficult to make a commitment to another stack. I am doing a small (non web app) project with Clojure right now, which is fun and educational. I would not do this. Several years ago, an investor was putting together a team and offered me 30% salary and some equity - with a 1 year commitment to see if the business would fly. Because the business plan seemed so good, I was going to go for it but then promptly backed out when I was asked to forgo salary for slightly more equity. If you are not a full-on partner, then require some salary. Great point about lack of realtime coverage. Usually my wife and I postpone normal life an enjoy the Olympics 24x7 (almost :-) In the past, the non-realtime coverage would have been awful. However, since I have less free time right now (consulting and writing a book), recording the material on a DVR and watching it a little later to skip the commercials works very well for us. It is pain to avoid any news at all so we don't know results as we watch the recordings. Ouch, that sounds painful. I still use my 2+ year old MacBook a lot because Ubuntu seems to work perfectly on it. I have a new 4 core Toshiba that has been a nightmare re: Ubuntu. I decided to wait for the next Ubuntu release. That was pretty cool, but I kept skipping forward 30 seconds, to see all of the effects without taking 10 minutes. I really enjoy spending time at the shooting range (yeah, it is an Arizona thing :-), so the video gave me an interesting perspective. Well, I disagree with most of this 3+ year old article. Sure, the SW has got off to a slow start - partially I think because people would look at an XML serialization of RDF data and say WTF :-) There are good open source tools (Sesame, Jena, Swi-Prolog semweb libraries, etc.) and commercial support (AllegroGraph, etc.) If the motivation is there, the tools are available. Also, Reuters' Open Calais (free) web services do a very good job at generating semantic data automatically. The next thing we need is simply more people writing applications that use linked data sources. A tired cliche, but: this is like FAX machines, eventually there will be more available linked data so the rate of app development will increase, and vice-versa. Ur/web looks very cool - I just skimmed through some of the documentation. I have often thought about creating my own web framework and writing a DSL using Gambit-C (probably by building on Blackhole, Sprock, etc.) Something with the ease of use simplicity of Sinatra. That is really neat - I just installed it. I don't usually use Python (strongly preferring Ruby) but I want to experiment with Python + AppEngine (I am tired of the hassles with JRuby + AppEngine, and using Java + AppEngine is too easy :-) I installed PyCharm a few hours ago and Dreampie will be good for light weight experiments. I had to install it from source on Ubuntu 9.10 after: sudo apt-get install python2.5-gtksourceview2 sudo apt-get install python2.6-gtksourceview2 Neo4J is a great tool - I have used it with the Ruby wrappers. A little off topic but: I think that the AGPL (which is used for Neo4J) is a good license but I wish that dual licensed projects would be a bit more up front on what the cost of the commercial waiver is for various use scenarios. For me the issue is that I would like to know up front how much 'commercial' use would cost if I would happen to have a customer who could not live with AGPL license terms. My bad: Neo4J did have their prices listed. I had lunch with John Koza many years ago and bent his ear a bit with an idea for speeding up the creation of pre-trained recurrent neural networks (ended up being the last example in my 2nd C++ book). He explained why my idea was both interesting and not practical. Years later I also took a tutorial from him at AAAI which was lots of fun. That was so cool. Simplicity is more difficult than clutter. My wife and I moved from a large, "partially cluttered" house on the beach to a small and very tidy house in the mountains. It was not easy going from 2600 sq ft to 1150 sq ft, and after moving 12 years ago we had to make a rule of getting rid of something when we bought anything new. It takes real energy to go through belongings and decide what to give to the Good Will or to toss. So stupid since open source licenses are all about intellectual property rights: you create something and thus it is your right to determine the license that allows other people to legally use it. That said, shitty laws paid for by corporations will be problematic for us (an easy prediction to make!) I use AppEngine, Heroku, and Amazon AWS often - for me, the very rare outages are just noise. Seriously, sometimes (not often but it happens) my bank's web portal, my health insurance's web portal, etc. are down -- not the end of the world, just wait a while and try again. Web portal outages are not life threatening. I am willing to trade very rare outages for ease of use and inexpensive deployment platforms. Q: how many people here have businesses where a few hours a month of your web portal outages (if that) seriously affect your bottom line profitability? This look really useful: only use the potentially high latency consistent read operations when you really need them. BTW, I have noticed something that one of my customers concurs with: using SimpleDB remotely has extremely high latency (while not running on an EC2 instance). This increased latency seems much larger that hitting a Rails app on port 80 using HTTP. Anyone have an explanation why remotely hitting SimpleDB is slow but hitting a web site hosted on an EC2 instance is fast? Nice writeup. Sinatra with builder is just about perfect for implementing web services, dynamically generated RSS feeds, simple web apps, etc. Nicely complements using Rails for rich web apps. Charles Nutter has a writup on using nailgin with JRuby: http://blog.headius.com/2009/05/jruby-nailgun-support-in-130... I've tried this and it works fine. For a large business, this looks like a great product. Way too expensive for an individual or very small company. Jungle Disk is a lot cheaper, and I am going to set my wife's MacBook up to use it since she is not so good about backing up frequently to Time Machine. Personally, I use a remote git server, and frequently back up the remote git directories to S3. The only problem is this is not secure if remote servers get hacked so there is quite a bit of proprietary work (mostly for customers) that only gets backed up by zip/gnupg copied manually to S3. I would like to use some form of encrypted git but that is not (I am fairly sure) practical. "Regan's or any other era's budget deficits pale in comparison the the unfunded liabilities of Medicare and Social Security." Actually, the biggest unfunded liability is the interest on the money that our Department of War spends. We borrow that money, and leaving alone the issue of defaulting on these loans or inflating them to nothing, borrowing all that money has a huge cost. I like to toss out the amount of $1.5 trillion a year on "defense," adding the cost of the interest on the loans - probably not a bad estimate. I can't agree with the negative comments here. I think that his comparison to chaotic systems is right-on. Everyone knows that GDP is an awful measure of economic health and resiliency. No real news here. Huricane Katrina? GDP goes up. War? GDP goes up. Banks need bailed out a tax payer expense. GDP goes up. This might be a close to infinite list, so I'll stop. What is the GDP good for? Fooling an ignorant population. So, it does have some value to the elites. That was great - well worth 30 minutes. He seems to take so much more of a 'scientific' approach to his work and general thinking than I do - I am now sitting here thinking about my own thought processes and the ways I analyze problems. (I rely probably too much on previous experience, rather than new analysis.) I also liked his question to the Reddit community re: does up/down voting produce a system that gives us what we want. I bought a Sinclair ZX80 30 years ago - I thought about writing a commercial game app for it but I got busy on other things. Compared to the Apple II (I had serial number 71 of the original Apple II model line), the ZX80 was a big disappointment. Unfortunately, changing the bottom bar properties to place it to the left or right makes the text indicating running apps show up as ... On the Mac, I make the bottom task bar very small and place it on th left side of the screen, near the bottom - really good for saving screen real estate. On Ubuntu, making the bottom bar show up on the right side, increase to width by about 20% so ... shows as an app icon, and turn off "expand" provides a similar experience to OS X, but not quite as nice. Since the author quoted me a few times in this article, how can I not like it :-) For certain types of problems (e.g., graph theory, circuit design, general layout problems, planning) Prolog's built in backtracking and flexible type system does make it a very good programming language choice. My favorite example: I once spent over a month writing a planning system with nice interactive graphics in Common Lisp. After I was done, I recode the whole thing in Prolog in less than a week, adding lots of new functionality. There are many good programming books, one of my favorites being "The Art of Prolog" by Sterling and Shapiro. Also, Bratko's, Clocksin's, Mellish's books are all very useful. Last night I watched most of Ryan Dahl's 1 hour video on Node, built it, and played with a few examples. I must admit that I like it much more than I thought that I would. The video is good (but too long) for understanding the motivation of event oriented processing, but if you are short on time, just spending a few minutes building Node and running some examples is informative. If your app is written with Java + JDO, then with some effort it should be portable. I've seen JDO backends of relational databases, Hadoop Hbase, ODF, JSON,etc. I don't have a lot of experience with Python appengine development, but I believe that you can exit from that platform also, with some effort. I use a lot of my (sometimes ancient) Java code with both Clojure and Scala. So far I have always written wrappers that copy Java data into Clojure or Scala 'native' data types. If you do this then there is little chance of having problems like those you are concerned about. It might be more efficient to use Java types, but not worth the hassle in most cases. (I also use (J)Ruby a lot, and I have found the secret to happy use of (J)Ruby is to give up the desire for good run time performance :-) That is a good idea. I set up a customer's portal to use FBC last year and as impressed by how simple this was. It would be easy to implement your secondary login idea, so I'll probably do this in the future (or at least suggest it). Good article but the author concentrated just on great output quality. There is another huge advantage: it is easier and less time consuming to write using Latex. I have used Latex, OpenOffice.org, and Word to write books in the past. Using Latex has the smallest overhead because it is so easy to move chapters and sections around, etc. Another advantage, which I am using now, is that I am writing 2 editions of the same book (using different programming languages for the examples), and using Latex greatly facilitates using common material. Nice article. Older people (I speak from experience since I am in my 50s) have some real advantages in starting businesses: likely to already have some degree of economic independence, have many business and social contacts, usually children are independent so little financial responsibility for others, and possibly have more empathy with potential customers. Actually, this is good general advice! After my wife and I moved from living at the beach (exp$ensive) to the mountains (equally nice, and much cheaper), Carol was able to stop working except for a few fun jobs and charity work, and I can afford to turn down more consulting jobs and spend more time writing. We have several people in our social network here who write fiction (ouch, a tough business!) and I'll ask them tonight if it helps them live in a less expensive area. That is pretty neat: the author wrote a Clojure wrapper for part of the OpenNlp library in his last blog post, and in this post he uses the wrapper in a search application. Heroku is great, no doubt about that. My only issue is the 'guilt factor': almost all of my use of Heroku has been for free (my cookingspace.com web site that I use to monitor my diet because I take blood thinners; test deploying prototypes; used it to write 3 articles about Heroku for DevX). I have had poor results getting customers to use Heroku. I tried twice, and both times the extra cost over running your own EC2 instances convinced my customers to eventually spend much more money having me set up custom infrastructure - not a good decision unless you expect to have a very high volume site (I hope they are not reading this :-) Good application of Hadoop (processing 100 GB of log data a day, separate web interface for looking at results). As a research project, I have been using Hadoop for NLP. I'm also following with some interest projects to use Hadoop for very large RDF data sets. Anyway, the article is a great use case for Hadoop. I agree. Also, I suspect that if a deployed app is rarely accessed, then there is some spin up time to load a slug. Both customers noticed this effect that the first page load usually seemed slow to them. Same thing on AppEngine (a 'loading request' can take a while). Bottom line is that people dream that their web app will attract millions of users, and they want to plan for outstanding success. While I am sure that Heroku must have customers with large user bases, the sweet spot seems to be for moderately sized web portals that you sometimes need to scale up on demand. You might be right that Heroku always keeps all of your dynos "spinning." If they do spin them down for the two less expensive shared cluster options, that seems OK, at least for my understanding of their service options. My customers used (for a while) the cheaper shared cluster options. If you are paying more for the dedicated cluster options, then I agree with you that they should not be spun down. Certainly, it is OK for them to spin down the free option dynos if they don't get HTTP requests for some reasonable time period. The author should have watched the entire interview if he was going to blog about it. Annie Leonard sounded reasonable, not knocking all material things, but rather saying that we should get good use out of what we do have. Also, Colbert himself at the very end of the interview obviously liked either her and/or what she said. I spent several hours Thursday night re-reading Cassandra docs and doing another test install. I am trying to decide between MongoDB (which I have a fair amount of experience with) and Cassandra for a 2 node setup where I care less (at least right now) about latency than about redundancy and convenience. I want to (initially) use an EC2 instance and a non-Amazon VPS and since I can't tell from reading the docs (and I have not seen any published comparisons), I am going to have to set up both a 2 node Cassandra install and a MongoDB replica-pair to see which does better given the hit of one service running in an east coast Amazon availability center and the other in a data center in Texas. If I am ever fortunate to have more than a few users so performance becomes an issue, I would like to add another EC2 (or two) to the mix, but still keep a service running in a non-Amazon data center. If anyone has any links to Cassandra/MongoDB comparisons for my desired setup I would appreciate seeing them. Nice! A well thought out reference. One thing: I wish that people would add RDF data stores to NoSQL discussions. As you say, MongoDB has support for replica pairs that are partition tolerant, but part of this functionality is in client libs. For Ruby, you register both dual masters in a replica pair with the client library. This seems like a practical approach to me, or at least fairly easy to work with. I hear you: TextMate is a great editor, especially when you want to browse through a lot of code. That said, "e" on Windows is fairly TextMate compatible (at least it runs the TextMate plugins). For Ubuntu, GEdit and Emacs are very good. Emacs with Speedbar lets you whip through lots of code quickly. GEdit also provides good plugins and multiple directory code browsing. All that said, I still boot OS X for specific apps (TexShop, OmniGraffle mostly). Anyway, it is a free world, and certainly OS X is a great choice for development. For years, I have "compiled stuff by hand" of OS X - not a bad approach, but it takes time. If I was just a software developer I would probably run OS X most of the time because I would have my tools built and installed once and no repeat time wasting work. For me, I also write on tech a lot, and sometimes I get some consulting work fitting people's projects to technology stacks. As a result, I have the perfect excuse to try just about everything and installing "everything" is simpler on Linux. If Homebrew develops into a great system in the future, I might boot less to Ubuntu. I haven't tried this yet but the docs look awesome. The Clojure community is attracting a lot of creative developers and projects. Not a great article. Might be more productive to play around with DBpedia ( http://wiki.dbpedia.org/OnlineAccess ) a bit. Semantic web tech is good for mixing data from multiple sources but be prepared to do some manual work. Looks like a fun project but without RDFS inferencing, may not be too useful. Without at least RDFS inferencing (and OWL would be nice) I don't know how you can merge data from different sources using (for example) different property names that have the same 'meaning', etc. Freebase is interesting. I have played with it since the beginning, and I spent a lot of time with it recently because I just wrote a chapter for my new book on Freebase. Freebase compares a little with DBpedia in that users contribute data to both (for DBpedia this is indirect since Wikipedia metadata is automatically scraped). For me, Freebase became easier to use when they started generating RDF for queries. Good stuff. In my small town one of the two super markets hires people with disabilities and that is one reason I do my shopping there. A good friend has been deaf since she was about 4. She has accomplished a lot in her life, but many things are difficult for her. Interesting - I am not sure if I buy into this, but an interesting article. In the USA, we stopped publishing our M3 figures 7 or 8 years ago -- a stunning lack of transparency, but as the article says, all governments lie about their finances. weego: excellent point! The countries with the worse problems (at least that will also badly effect the rest the world) are the UK and the USA. In making predictions we should be informed by chaos theory: things are basically unpredictable because small events can have such large unexpected consequences. That said, I expect the UK to pop sometime in the next several years and then my country to pop sometime after that. Good summary list. For most developers, there is a nice abstraction barrier for graph theory because tools like neo4j, efficient RDF stores, search libraries, etc. make it fairly easy to build apps without getting one's hands dirty in the details. (But knowing the details makes it more likely to get creative and novel apps.) Off topic, but: since so many things are well described as graphs, the GraphViz tool is great for communication: few lines of code to write your data to a 'dot' file, and a few seconds later you have a visual representation of your data. Interesting and I liked the CherryPy results. I used CherryPy a lot 5 to 6 years ago back in my Python using days -- simple and does the job. That said, database access, network latency, caching, etc. are so important that you might as well just use the framework you like, then tune if required. I do a lot of simple things. Servers: use cron, zip, and s3cmd tools to backup to S3; on EC2, use snapshots. Development laptops: use git repos hosted on a rented VPS and I have a cron script to ZIP these repos and back them up to S3. Great article - this is why I read HN. I think that Bradford Cross is right on: as more data becomes available, the challenge is not building 'cookie cutter' applications, but rather using some combination of ML, text mining, statistics, etc. to create new ideas and systems. Good call. BTW, after having fun with Squeak and VisualWorks for a long time, I have switched to the Squeak fork project Pharo ( http://www.pharo-project.org/home ). I should have mentioned: Pharo uses the Squeak VM, but has its own (derived) sources and image files. When I give kudos to Pharo, those complements apply also to the original Squeak project. Just ask yourself: what would be best for the super rich? What would be best for the banks? And then you can make an accurate guess what Bernanke will do. An old, but excellent article. I had the good fortune, in ancient history, to get some hacking time in on the first type of Connection Machine (the SIMD one). And the best part was, wait for it ..., was that you programmed it in *Lisp. I know someone who is non-technical and does startup Internet businesses. His lack of knowledge concerning software development is a real problem, but he guts through it. The biggest problem is one of trust: if you are not yourself a developer you don't appreciate why on rare occasion it can take a while to track down a bug, and other normal software development scenarios. A friend of mine has a way of explaining this to non-techs: "You are going fishing. Tell me exactly when you will catch a fish." :-) I agree Eric. Not covering gen-class? That is the way to go if you want to package up a library written in Clojure. I nice example of doing sockets in Clojure but the list of sockets to check and agents blows memory if you test for a reasonable range of port numbers. I like these small devices, but as a practical setup, a good choice is just a very small Ubuntu laptop with a large external monitor for when you happen to be working at your desk. Inexpensive, not a lot of wires, and portable when you need it. Thanks. BTW, my telephone number is on my web site - I'm available to talk, preferably in the morning (Arizona time) I wish them luck and agree with Paul Miller's comment on needing more work on trust, provenance, and licensing rather than syntax. N3 is very easy to work with, but issues of trust/provenance are hard problems. Another problem is monetizing semantic web projects because, as an example, advertisements don't make sense in a context of software agents collecting information because they would be programmed to ignore ads. Right on. Surprised to hear the criticisms in these comments since this seems like such basic advice: don't have debt, work in a context of trust, and the desire to have everyone do good work. Not having debt is fundamental for real freedom. Not having debt is worth giving up some material crap for. Trust people. Make adjustments on an individual basis if it is ever necessary. We all want to do good work that has a positive effect on the world and make money to support people we love. Try to set up an environment so people can do their best work. I would guess that his "secret" is that he loves the game of chess. I like both chess and Go but realized my limitations (I did poorly in the US Chess Open in 1976, and I never broke the Shodan level in Go) a long time ago; I still play both games, but I prefer to study "famous" games since I am just good enough to appreciate other people's great games. I don't agree with the article: odd business premise since we use S3 because it is replicated across availability zones, is very robust, and probably safe enough to base a business on. Why "de-duplicate" when redundant storage is what makes S3 secure. Also, what is the risk of trusting your business to a smaller company? I think this is an old link. That said, one of the best things about AWS is their great online documentation. A few years ago a customer wanted a web service quickly deployed to AWS, and even having never used it before, everything that I needed was well documented and worked as advertised so it only took a couple of hours. A sensationalist article title, for sure. My answers to the three "dangers" listed in the article: No separation between home and work: in the late afternoon I shut down my computer and have a glass of wine and snacks with my wife. Work day is officially over. The prevalence of distractions: earphones. Lack of human interaction: I broke up my work day today by spending 90 minutes at our local shooting range with my wife and three friends. On Mondays and Thursdays I go on 2 to 3 hour hikes with several people. (Anyway, human contact is probably over rated :-) The bottom line is that people should do whatever works for them. One caveat about working at home: you either really have to love your work or to have a strong work ethic. Nice. I bought a MEAP of Fogus' Clojure book: I assume that all of his mini-articles will be in the book. Great news! I usually use Rails for medium and medium-large projects but I like to use Sinatra for small web apps and web services. Sinatra seems like a better fit also if you want to use JRuby on AppEngine (at least for now). Interesting reading the comments: is denial a river in Egypt? :-) I aree that the USA has great assets (although many have been sold to foreign investors) but there is a disturbing trend of losing our lead in technology. As an example: in the 1970s, almost al ACM journal articles were written by US authors. Pick up a recent journal and you will notice that this has changed a lot. The quotes by Paul Craig Roberts (3 years old) are probably right on - I often read his articles and he seems knowledgeable and trustworthy. Many kids in junior high in China now get to take calculus - but not here in the USA. India has invested its resources for several decades in improving its educational system, and they are harvesting the benefits. I think (I hope!) that our (and the UK's) downward side in economic health will take a long time, but it is probably a forgone conclusion given our huge military expenditures and debt at the consumer and government levels. So, I don't expect us to fall off of an economic cliff, but I do expect steadily worsening conditions over the next few decades for the poor and diminishing middle class. Here is an article that I feel paints a fairly accurate picture of the risks that the USA is facing: http://www.moneyandmarkets.com/bernanke-running-amuck-6-3842... There are a few things I don't agree with, but compare it in honesty with, for example, mainstream media's fudging of employment figures and playing along with our government's trying to hide the M3 figures, etc. Jim's point is that you only need so much money, so waiting for (as an example) $20m instead of taking $10m now does not make sense. I think that his argument can be turned around: founders of a successful company should be getting a good salary. If they invest some of their take home pay, they should fairly quickly own their own home and have diversified investments. Even on the downside that their company greatly decreases in value in 5 or 10 years, they still have had good income, diversified savings, and have skills with high market value. The happiest people in the work force tend to be those with the most control over their work and lives. Owning your company (even if it is a small consulting shop, or a single consultant) offers a great deal of control over one's own fate. On the other hand, if someone simply wants to cash out and not work anymore, then selling is a good idea. This is even better than his last writeup. Interesting about the financial tradeoffs of running his own server instead of something like EC2, but he still relies on S3 for terabytes of storage. He mentioned that they have a fairly even load with few spikes, so the advantage of spinning up new instances on EC2 is not applicable to his and his wife's business. A nice writeup, but I wonder why not just use Scala? It is true that Scala has a steep learning curve compared to Java but you get all of the efficiency with a concise notation. (Substitute Clojure for Scala - just about the same argument, except Clojure is easier to learn.) re: Groovy: too slow - I would rather just use JRuby if I want a slow but really nice programming language on the JVM. The port of mini-Kanren to Clojure is a great contribution - thanks! Sweet, I am installing it right now on my MacBook (I always have it running) and if everything looks good I'll also install it on my 2 MongoDB servers. I really like MongoDB for its ease of use with Ruby and its rich query support. I am unlikely to ever need the scalability of Cassandra, and MongoDB's features fit my needs. The new geo location support looks good. I wrote about how easy it is to do some form of index and search: http://markwatson.com/blog/2009/11/mongodb-has-good-support-... I was running 10.4 alpha 3 and then the beta in order to get better support for the hardware on a new laptop. I agree with the author of this article that 10.4 just feels well put together visually. BTW, I have had zero problems with the beta and now just use it rather than 9.10. Strange name change, but a good programming environment (although I more frequently use Emacs+Gambit-C Scheme because I like being able to effortlessly build small compiled applications - harder to do in PLT Scheme). I look forward to the Racket release this summer. I've never read anything by Joe Stump before but I just bookmarked this article so I can peruse more of his stuff later. I liked the way he personalized his argument to his own deployment situation rather than making generalizations. I also liked to hear about his experience with Cassandra (5 minutes to clone a hot node and have it balanced and in production). I dislike it when business agreements are changed unilaterally. (Think of Darth Vader speaking with Lando Calrissian.) Terms of service at a web site with authenticated login is a business agreement. A bit off topic but the only thing I like about FB is that it looks like an interesting application platform for 3rd party developers. I have a friend who is a retired Scotland Yard detective and he has an interesting take on the US war on drugs: we effectively put hundreds of billions of dolars a year into the hands of organized crime, and the possibility that there are payoffs to the US Congress to keep this money flow going is a real possibility. I can't believe some of what is said by people on both sides of the NoSQL arguments. Discounting use of RDF data stores, almost all of my recent work involves PostgreSQL and MongoDB. I think that it is blatantly obvious which to use in specific circumstances. I have not had to do this yet, but using Datamapper.setup, you can integrate the use of both in the same application by storing some model data in a relational database and some in MongoDB, as it makes sense to do so. Here is an article on mixing Datamapper + MongoDB + MySQL: http://lunarlogicpolska.com/blog/2010/02/15/mysql-and-mongod... I agree with you. I mostly use MongoDB with Ruby and mongo_record. I find this combination so easy to use that I don't have to think about it (like driving a car). I always keep MongoDB running as a service on my laptops and it is installed but not always running on my servers. BTW, if you use Ruby, have you noticed how much faster mongo_record accesses MongoDB using Ruby 1.9.1 instead of 1.8.x? (Faster than I expected from the usual 1.9 speedup.) The gossip mills in computer science :-) I used to work with Ben Goertzel (a lot of fun, BTW) but I don't know David Hart. Sounds like personal issues. BTW, OpenCog is an interesting system. I have spent a little time playing with it on Ubuntu. I would be more interested if it was not mostly written in C++ (with some Guile Scheme and Lua scripting). If you like working with C++ and are interested in AI, then it is worth a look. The Church probalistic extentions to Scheme ( http://projects.csail.mit.edu/church/wiki/Church ) look interesting enough. I am not sure how practical things like the fuzzy list equality (using Levenshtein distance) would be, but still really interesting ideas. A few years ago, I bought a print book on Lulu. Paul Graham had released the book into the public domain (?) and some kind person had spent an hour or so uploading it to Lulu.com and the book was very inexpensive because I only had to pay the low printing costs (perhaps about $8). I just looked on Lulu and could not find the link however. Assuming that it is OK with Paul Graham, it would be great if someone re-uploaded it to Lulu as a free book (i.e., just pay for the printing costs). This book is just about a mandatory reference for Common Lisp, although I use "ANSI Common LISP" more often as a quick reference. No. I look at this site occasionally, and nothing seems to get done. Also (pardon me if I take your good joke seriously :-) I don't see why we need planet scale RDF data stores. Instead, we need a very large number small SPARQL endpoints with some form of trust mechanism and a discovery mechanism. Sorry to see Werner Vogels doing an April Fools column. Not to pick on him, but tech April Fools articles are lame. I am trying it out right now, and first impressions are good. That said, for me, Rails for complex apps and Sinatra for web services and simple apps is probably sufficient. I continue to be pleased with how far the Ruby community has come in the last four or five years. Credit probably goes to Rails for revving up interest in Ruby. I was just today tweaking memcached use on one of my Rails apps and also a customer's app. In addition to using the out of the box support, I used a few simple tricks with ActiveRecord also (I wrote this up at rubyplanet.net). An old article, but a great read. Tying together writing and programming Lisp is insightful and if I could extend his ideas a little: writing using a light weight but very powerful tool like Latex seems similar to programming in a Lisp environment that may also be powerful but after a learning curve, the language and environment stay out of your way. Writing with Latex seems that way to me. I would extend Tim's comments to include voice and speech as modes for interacting with computers. My wife and I got new Android phones recently and we both adapted instantly to speaking commands as often as possible instead of using the touch screen. For low bandwidth output, speech generation is good also. But in the large sense Tim Bray is right: text may be low bandwidth in a Shannon-sense, but is high in information bandwidth. As an example, I got more out of a 5 minute read of the New York Times online newspaper this morning than 30 minutes of watching any news show that I can think of (even the Colbert show :-) All about marketing: this is big business, so a lot of money is spent pushing the convenience life style. I have a difficult time relating to this however since cooking is a favorite activity of mine and my wife. We just got home from a trip so yesterday I made up a shopping list of fresh food that my wife picked up and in the afternoon I made Pad Thai with 6 different fresh vegetables from our garden and our local market. Cooking is a lot of fun, and I can't understand why people can not make it a priority. That is a really good point. BTW, food stays fresh in the refrigerator for many days, so often there is no need to freeze it. I like to add a small amount of fresh finely chopped vegetables to leftovers while I am heating them: adds a minute to preparation time but gives meals a fresh taste. Also, please excuse plugging my own little project, but here is my cooking web app: http://cookingspace.com I use the USDA nutrition database to assign fairly accurate nutrient values to recipes. (Runs on Heroku, and I just spun up extra dynos, so try it out - I don't advertise this web app since I more or less wrote it for my own use.) Light weight in the sense that adding Latex formatting to a text document is easy and does not (much) get n the way of writing. Also, moving material around, referring to figures, sections, etc. is all easy. I have not tweaked my Latex setup in a long time. Nice presentation - I had not played with Mahout for a long while, but I just installed the new version and reviewed the docs for clustering data in Solr indices - really useful! Good article! I don't use Clojure much, but the language is fun to code in. I bought the MEAP, and I am looking forward to updates. BTW, I fortunately don't have to code in Java too much anymore, but when I do I have been favoring read-only objects. I love it. Gambit-C Scheme is my favorite also (although MzScheme has lots of great libraries). I have an Android phone - any chance of an Android version? I've seen some links of compiling to Java byte code, and there is a native SDK. That was an interesting interview. I starting reading the Clojure related material on the Freiheit blog a while back - very interesting approach to doing business. Their 'The Deadline'is also pretty cool. It sounds like they use a production baed expert system to trigger agent advice on your to-do list items. That is pretty cool. I just did a git clone, read the code and ran the example. I have no connection with the Neo4j developers (I don't know any of them), but I must say I like their business model: AGPL license use for free, and if you want a commercial license it is a little expensive but affordable if you really need a commercial license. A pretty good justification for the project. That said, I feel a little sorry that the Padrino developers even felt the need to publicly state the raison d'être for the project. Really, this is open source, and they should feel free building on top of Sinatra, Thor, etc. It is up to the developer community to decide as individuals if they want to use a project, but the essence of open source is being able to build new systems using large bodies of existing open source code. Wow, I thought that I was getting pretty good at coding in Scala until I just spent 30 minutes reading Gizzard's code base. Ugh, now I feel like I have only been using about 20% of the language. Good on Twitter for releasing this - looks like good infrastructure code. I want to look at the Rowz sample application when I get some free time. The article is good, but has one big error: the statement that existing pensions are contractual obligations and must be paid. Go back a few decades to the bankruptcy of Orange County California. Unions negotiated away a large part of pension obligations to members. When (not if) the state of California goes bankrupt, those obligations will not go away entirely, but will be reduced through bankruptcy negotiations. Question: so counties are allowed to go bankrupt, but not states? States can not print money, and many states including Arizona where I live are coming up short paying for essential services. I have a template that I have been using to get started that I wrote up ( http://blog.markwatson.com/2010/04/my-clojure-ring-compojure... ) I wanted to have a template for Compojure+Ring, etc. I am creating a second template that uses congomongo + MongoDB as the backend datastore. Free for the first 100,000 Amazon SNS Requests per month - not bad. Also, $0.10 per gig transfered seems reasonable. When Amazon released SQS I thought that everyone would use SQS, but in my limited experience with a small customer base, SQS is no where near as popular as using EC2s and S3. Interesting to see in a year how widely used SNS is. I am not agreeing with the article: eating more vegetables should mean that you eat less meat which I would argue is more likely to be carcinogenic. Way off topic, but: before a very strenuous hike early this morning (last 5 pictures: http://picasaweb.google.com/mark.watson/SedonaHiking2010# ) I 'carbed out' with miso soup loaded up with lots of 4 different kinds of veggies. I ate nothing else, and my energy level was great. I'll probably buy it because I already use IntelliJ for Java, Clojure, Scala, and some JRuby. I also use Rubymine for about 20% of my Ruby development. My Python skills are weak, so a really good Python IDE with auto-completion, turn-key appengine development, etc. would be helpful to me. A few things: first, I have been enjoying the author's blog posts on using Gambit-C Scheme, so this is personally annoying. Wider issues: what a bad decision on Apple's part. I used to be a huge Apple fan (I wrote the free chess program that Apple gave away when they released the Apple II, did a Mac commercial app in '84, and used to treat the 6 volumes of Inside Mac developer's guides as ancient and precious religious texts). The issues with the appstore crap-shoot are irritating, even just reading about other people's experiences. Apple is now a very valuable company and their behavior seems to be changing. Nice, especially in view of Apple's new TOS for the iPhone SDK. Want to avoid being am iPhone sharecopper? Stick with web apps and HTML(5)+Javascript clients that run on multiple small devices. This is useful because I thought about something similar: clustering text, and using my auto-summarization library to extract key bits and then stich things together. Now, I am not going to try. Lesson learned. Hello Peter, since you have one of the most widely read Ruby sites, I am not surprised that you showed up. Makes sense if you think abut how they implemented this. I agree with your comments. I like the link posted in the first article comment: http://onesocialweb.org/ (except their code base is not up on github yet - hopefully soon) Written in Java, uses XMPP, and comes with an Android client - at least it sounds good. The article has some interesting points but ideas without code for a prototype implementation to back them up is not very useful. I have been using this myself, as an alternative to a customer's project that has too many features that I don't need. Just so Tex and Latex stay the same, I'll be happy :-) Nice talk. It would be nice to have a condensed 1 page version for sending to non-tech friends (or friends with a short attention span :-) I bought a new laptop recently: i5 Toshiba, 4GB, 0.5 TB. Also plays blu-rays. It cost just under $800. There is no near match with Apple's new lineup, but roughly the Apple tax is about 50% and for those of us who mostly boot Linux the price difference is just not worth it. I must say though, that for developers who live in OS X, the new i7 MBP 15" does look great. Good decision. I use either Lucene or Solr on two or three projects a year. Solr adds a lot of functionality to Lucene so now hopefully a lot of that extra functionality will be easy to use in embedded Lucene applications. I think that the article was largely factual except the amount of defense spending quoted in the article seems really low. Some (or a lot) of defense spending is non-essential (depending on your view of which is the greater threat: war/terrorism or a collapsing economy with an ensuing "Road Warrior" life style). I think that it would be more honest to add interest costs to all spending that is not absolutely required to "keep the lights on." Just looked at the Studio XPS 16 - sweet. A bit off topic, but Windows 7 is actually OK. For work using platform agnostic IDEs (for me, this is IntelliJ for Java/Scala/Clojure/JRuby), the choice of OS does not matter much, so at least for my work load I don't even have to boot to Ubuntu all of the time. Good point, but I keep laptops until they die. Never have sold one. Do used Macs really keep that much of their value? I can't imagine spending that much on any 3 year old box (laptop or desktop). I tried 3.0pre with Ruby 1.9 a while back - seemed to work OK. As a practical matter, it will be a while before I jump to 3.0. I am almost entirely on Rails 2.3.5 and Ruby 1.9.1 and that is working for me. Really it is a tradeoff between working at 100% speed right now or spending some time migrating to better tools. Amazing how many great looking projects are coming out of the Clojure community. I used to think that Scala was the heir apparent to Java but it seems like Clojure now has more momentum. Clojure has a kinder learning curve than Scala so perhaps that is the reason. I blogged about this last year and wrote to all three of my Congress-critters. This is legislation written by big-agro and spoon fed to "the best Congress that money can buy." Shameful legislation that is against the public interest. The legislation that was put forth last year would also require home gardeners to jump through the same hoops as large agro-corporations. A cool addition to a very useful project. That said, I prefer using JRuby and Neo4j in embedded mode: the Ruby bindings are very good. I don't think so. If the REST server is part of a larger system then I believe that the AGPL requires that the other networked software components need to be AGPLed. They do have a commercial license (I think that they charge $1K for a 1-server perpetual commercial non-AGPL license). That is a cool trick that I will try. I usually just install the command line tools on each server, write a tiny Ruby script to attach EBS volumes and bind Elastic IP addresses, and put this script in /etc/rc.local - pretty simple to do. I now only use Smalltalk a few hours a month but I have switched over completely to using Pharo instead of Squeak or VW (non commercial version). Pharo really is cleanly laid out and nice to use if you are (like me) a very much part-time Smalltalker. The Pharo book is very good, BTW. Good point, but I am not sure. The key thing is to respect the wishes of the authors of a package so I would just contact the Neo4j developers and ask them. Which ORM (or pure object database) did you use? Agreed, Facebook is odd, no other way to say it. For developers, Facebook Connect is sort-of interesting but using Facebook is boring and I have never clicked on any FB advertisements (compare to, for example, GMail advertisements that I do hit and sometimes I buy stuff: profit for Google). Off topic: I am half way through your new book "REWORK" and and I find it useful since it addresses so many of my own bad habits. Unfortunately, I need to constantly fight the temptation to explore new tech instead of getting things done. Sounds like they are going for even 'greener' servers. Difficult to predict the future but I wonder: if application platforms like AppEngine will get much more popular, then we will see the positive environmental impact of shared resources. AppEngine rather quickly "unloads" applications that have not received HTTP requests for a few tens of seconds and this has to have a positive effect environmentally. (I know, because I have been trying to beat-down loading request startup times.) There are lots of applications that are valuable but have sporadic usage patterns and supporting a great many of these efficiently is a good thing. Perhaps Lisp will now be a standard/supported programming language in the Googleplex :-) I think that most of what ITA does is written in Common Lisp. Although I am a bit sceptical of Chomsky's approach to linguistics (he seems to leave out the messy human side of language, reducing it to something easier to study), I think that his other life role as someone who deeply distrusts power is useful to society. I am not saying that I agree with him most of the time, but we need more people like him who have the courage to step outside the box and take a cool hard look at what is happening in the world. I think that this price point is too high. Compare with the minimal Netflix subscription at the same cost that gets instant view movies and 1 blu-ray at a time. That said, two $10/month subscriptions (Hulu and Netflix) might replace cable/dish sometime in the future - if Hulu has a wide enough selection of shows. The one feature that I wish would be added to both Java and Python versions of the SDK is a very easy way to migrate app data stores between AppEngine and a local development environment. For Java, I find myself writing bits of custom code to load data from a JAR file to load up my hosted data store - I do this one time, then delete the code and JAR, and re-upload the app. A nuisance. RDF.rb and RDFS.rb look like nice libraries and basing them on the high quality Redland libraries was a good decision. That said, using Sesame for the underlying parsers, data storage, and real RDFS inferencing would be a nice alternative (if limited to JRuby use). Perhaps a lot of the RDF.rb code could be reused for this? Very nice pitch for RDF (which I agree with). I have a problem with tossing around the term Semantic Web when their take is so much different than mine. The SW is about standards (RDF, RDFS, OWL, SPARQL, HTTP, using URIs to represent things and concepts, etc.) and a very large number of linked data publishers who hopefully use at least some common Ontology's to define classes of businesses, information sources, people, organizations, places, events, etc., etc. and to define the properties that have ranges and domains that are these standard classes. I take a bit of heat for being a SW proponent but I believe that long term this is a big thing. I could be wrong, though. I expected them to do this - good for them. As much as I tend to distrust large corporations, Google has some coolness, and I can't think of another large corporation that I distrust less than Google. Great article. I agree with the other comment: Ola has an interesting way of thinking about programming. Very creative. You are absolutely correct that RDFa is a SW technology. I must admit some prejudice here: I went from thinking that RDFa was very useful to being skeptical when HTML5 won the standards war against XHTML. When I get back from vacation I would like to dig into what MySpace is doing; I just bookmarked your article and will look at it next week. I just took a better look at Open Graph. Certainly marking up pages with RDFa tags using standard Ontology's for properties and classes could be a useful thing. The problem as I see it is that the Facebook corporation strongly discourages spidering the Facebook web site. It is certainly their right to do so, but from a research point of view it is a shame that it is not allowed to spider a portion of Facebook to get the RDF graph. It is difficult to know if something is useful if you can't play/experiment with it. A nice dream, and parts of it may be possible. I especially like the comments about no cars, working and living locally. I can't fully agree with home schooling - we need to improve our education system so everyone at least has the opportunity to learn. With home schooling some kids whose parents do it right would get a good education, but others wouldn't. BTW, my son in law home schooled our young grandkids for a few years: a lot of effort! Instead of reading this article that summarizes the REWORK book, I suggest actually reading the book. (I read it twice, it is quite good.) That was a good (if old) presentation. I worked for a few years in the entertainment industry (Nintendo U64 and PC games, virtual reality projects for Disney and SAIC) and it is an experience that I can recommend to any computer scientist because there are so many interesting problems to solve. Anyway, if you can take a few years off from whatever career path you are on, you will enjoy the experience. Two comments: I think that the OmniGraffle and TexShop applications justify keeping an old Mac around. Excellent. Also, Macbooks run Ubuntu very well, especially models that are not brand new. I strongly recommend a dual boot OS X/Ubuntu setup: covers all the bases. That said, the Macbook could be a cheap used one, and spend your budget on a very fast i5 or i7 Windows/Ubuntu laptop. "Ownership" of this data is not clear to me. If FB does not allow large scale spidering/collecting of this meta data, then FB has the best use of it. On the other hand, if many other web sites use these meta data tags to be consistent with what is an ad-hoc standard, then anyone can spider 3rd party sites subject to their robots.txt file. Hopefully, by using the FB public APIs then developers can get sub-graphs of FB hosted data to work with. I like standards, and I would like it if many people started supplying RDF for their sites. I am not sure yet if this advantage out weighs FB's lock on the best use of this data. Actually, our carriers have not been very safe since Russia started selling the SSN-22 Sunburn several years ago. The defense industry lobbyists do a really good job of marketing weapon systems that are not so relevant today. Too bad for the USA tax payer. "Our customer count and revenue have similar growth curves." That is good news, since they provide a good service. While it would be easy to migrate any app to EC2 (or RackSpace, RimuHosting, etc.) I have been feeling spoiled using Heroku because it eliminates tasks that are not directly related to getting apps written (read the book "REWORK"). The 1.8 and 1.9 dichotomy is a pain, no doubt about it. I totally switched to 1.9, wiped 1.8.* from my development systems. In a few cases I had problems (like manual edits to acts_as_list) but life is simpler and the runtime speed increase is really nice. Pardon a link to my own stuff, but I have written about the 1.9 conversion: rubyplanet.net I am trying to maintain Ruby 1.9.1 and JRuby compatibility on my rails apps which is getting easier to do. Nice article. I have moved on from 1.8.x and just use 1.9.1 for just about everything except when I need to use existing Java NLP and Semantic Web libs, in which case I use JRuby. I have an ongoing infatuation with Clojure and Scala, but Ruby is my go-to language for getting work done. I have tried several to-do list apps and nothing really does what I want it to. So far, the closest is TheDeadline but it is not a good fit for my work. Probably a stupid thing to do (since I'll probably end up spending 25+ hours implementing it) but I am writing my own rails "anti to-do" app (my-foc.us). When I am happy with it, I'll turn on the new account feature. The book REWORK inspired me to just implement the features that I want, and to feel good about a minimalist app. I sometimes use Neo4j but I don't know much about its implementation. Assuming that there was a lot of disk I/O involved in this benchmark, does anyone know how graph data is stored on disk, indexed, etc.? This is a very different problem than in-memory graph operations. So, stop using Facebook if that bothers you. Same comment, re: privacy, goes for GMail, Google documents, Twitter, Yahoo, etc. The sci-fi author David Brin (a cool guy, BTW, I once went to his house and had a long talk with him) has a good take on privacy (pardon my paraphrasing, but could not find a direct quote): lack of privacy can be tolerated if it is an even playing field. That is, if politician, corporations, etc. all have the same lack of privacy as people. From a Ruby perspective, but this may still be useful: Redis is very nice for data that fits in memory (disk persistence is for recovery, not for realtime access) and support for counters, sets, etc. is cool. That said, I really like MongoDB for many reasons: interactive shell, great Ruby support (and Scala and Clojure, etc.), very easy to set up and use, and some replication support (not as good as Cassandra, but I will never need that kind of scalability). I think that the Python support for MongoDB is very good. I am downloading the ISO right now - I have a new hardware laptop that I have had problems getting wireless working, and I have happy expectations that 10.04 will recognize my hardware. It helps a lot to not buy the latest hardware to give the Linux community time to get drivers. Lesson learned. Sweet: I got my wireless working even before updating: Realtek had a new Linux driver available on their site :-) Flip back through the pages of history: during the few hundred years that the Roman Empire was collapsing, the tax collectors became so violent and generally oderous that in some cases Romans living on the geographic fringes of the Empire welcomed invaders because a change of government looked good to them. I expect the same to happen in the USA. Local governments and the federal government need money to operate on. In the best case scenario, two things would happen: drastically reducing government spending on the military and not-so-essential social services, and, slightly raising taxes. Neither of these reasonable things will get done. That may be the point. I have joked for years that cash would be made illegal, and perhaps now it is not such a joke. I agree that the best new feature for most people is faster bootup time. I have a dual boot (Widows 7, Ubuntu) Toshiba U505 and the difference in bootup used to be huge (Widows 7 being a lot slower), now the difference is humongus! Wifi support now supports my new laptop. I have been using Linux since I downloaded Slackware over a 2400 baud modem (1991?) and have used most of the major distros over the years. For me, Ubuntu is the "get stuff done with minimal hassles" distro - love it. Interesting comments from the guy who sets Java best practices for Google. I do most of my work now in Ruby but the Java platform is still very relevant to me because I can mix my libraries and other people's Java libraries with JRuby/Scala/Clojure applications. I still use Java for AppEngine development (BTW, but not JDO because of the hit of longer loading request times). Using Ubuntu is much like the OS X experience: things just work, little wasted time. OS X wins a bit with apps like TexShop and OmniGraffle while Linux wins a bit with easier package maintenance. I hate to admit this but I will: it took me about 20 hours to get Windows 7 set up with everything that I need for development and writing. Not bad once it is set up, but what a time-killing overhead expense. Now, I want to not drop my Windows/Ubuntu laptop: nice having a Windows machine available, but I hope to not have to spend the setup time again for many years. This is great since I use both Heroku and MongoDB. Pardon the self-plug, but I wrote an article a few months ago about using Heroku with external MongoDB servers: http://www.developer.com/lang/rubyrails/article.php/3860616/... Last year I tried to talk a customer into using Heroku for a medium size web deployment. They didn't go for it, and so we spent a fair bit of money setting up Elastic Load Balancing, EC2s, etc. Unless you expect a zillion users, it just does not make sense to spend the effort on custom deployments. Same positive comment for using high quality VPS hosting where you can expect your hosting company to do frequent incremental backups, proactively repair RAIDs, get VPS instances back on line quickly after hardware failures, etc. It is a lot of fun setting up servers but the question is whether that is worth being pulled away from application development. Anyway, good news re: MongoHQ being an add-on product. I barely know Erlang, but that tutorial was still interesting: gives a glimpse off how CouchDB works. I have always just used CouchDB as a black-box. I will be the dissenting opinion here. Wait a year, and I think that Wave will be mostly complete (but not necessarily out of beta :-) and generally useful. Being able to embed Waves for discusion lists, etc. on plain old web sites and have Google provide the persistence on their servers may be a 'killer feature' of Wave. I was at a friend's house for brunch today and mentioned the embedded Wave feature to another non-technical friend who has a very plain web site - this would be perfect for people like him: no change required in using cheap hosting. Wave is also yet another platform for developers of web services (via Wave Robots), and I think that this will be another 'killer feature.' It makes sense to only go looking for VC funds after you have something going, technically and showing some profit. I have a friend who has had a pretty good business idea for a long time, but all he does is plan, plan, and some more planning. He needs some do, doing, and done :-) I am going to share my experience, hopefully this will help someone: about 3 1/2 years ago, I went through a brief period of long hours at my desk (I had just previously had a hiking accident, dislocated shoulder, broke bones, and found that a period of long-hours and hard work took my mind off of recovering from shoulder surgery). During this brief period I developed blood clots in one leg from sitting too long, and was really lucky to survive two large pulmonary embolisms. I often share this story as a warning to others. BTW, I average wilderness hiking for about ten hours a week (gentler walks when recovering from surgery) and that was not enough to prevent the blood clots. Now, I use a 20 minute timer to get me up and walking around for a few minutes, 3 times an hour. Frequently standing and walking around is a recommended habit! Bad sitting habits almost killed me, and I needed over two years to mostly recover, so please take this seriously. The diagrams are informative and makes me appreciate the fact that I don't usually need to worry about UDP and TCP/IP low level things anymore (different in the 1980s, at least for the work I did back then). BTW, a comment on UML sequence diagrams: I used to be a proponent of UML (Paul Harmon and I wrote a UML book together in ancient history) but sequence diagrams are the only type of UML diagram that I use anymore in my work: the most bang for the buck, communication wise. Nice writeup. I bought David's book on consciousness after having a long talk with him at a Consciousness and Quantum Mechanics meeting about 10 years ago. I think that this is interesting stuff. Really, why should we have evolved with the kind of inner life (qualia) consciousness? What evolutionary advantages did it give us? Who could not have predicted this, after the Palm acquisition? I love my Droid phone and was thinking that a tablet droid (no phone service, just Wifi) would be really nice. The HP tablet with WebOS will also be worth considering. I read that in a few years that half of Internet use will be mobile devices so HP's acquisition of Palm may prove to be a good gamble. Nice. Say goodbye to Slony? I am downloading the beta right now for play use. I would like an easier AWS setup with two EC2s running replicated PostgreSQL. Nice, I am curious how it will benchmark against Ruby 1.9.1 for some of my libraries. Anyone run any benchmarks yet on their code? I am dissapointed: tried running it on a utility I wrote for crunching Wikipedia text (lots of string operations, some file IO) and it is so much slower than Ruby 1.9.1. I stopped the benchmark after 5 minutes (same test took about 70 seconds with Ruby 1.9.1). Then I tried a simple string manipulation benchmark, and it ran about 3 times slower in MacRuby. Using Cocoa classes in MacRuby is great for Mac development but (apparently) really slows down string operations. Good list, I just installed Compass and BBC news apps. "Car Home" remains my favorite app because it can show the area you are in as a composite satellite image and roads, do voice navigation, voice queries to find specific types of businesses near you, etc. I agree: very stress reducing. My wife and I have 21 sq ft of containers on the deck right outside of our kitchen and close to where I work at home. Getting up frequently to "tend" our mini-garden is great. Also, we eat a bit of our own fresh produce almost every day. I like to grow Thai basil, regular basil, lots of onions of all types, hot peppers, brocoli, brussel sprouts, lettuce, and tomatoes. It is important to plant different types of produce at the correct time of year. I like earth boxes: water goes in the bottom, roots get watered, minimizes evaporation so they are very water efficient. I second the thanks! I thought that I had read every bit of Heroku documentation, but I managed to miss this. No way to run an external GraphViz process in an AppEngine hosted app. Right? GraphViz does rock, however. And, you are right: it is very handy for visualizing RDF data (self plug: I had examples for this in my last Ruby book) Sorry, I will fix that in about 45 seconds. Fixed: that warning message just had to be removed. Creating login accounts works. If you get the source code from github, read the README for a one line change to enable email new account authentication (I disabled this so people could try it instantly, with no email handshake). Nice! I just experimented with it. If you are a programmer, clone the code from github. You are right about a demo, but this is a small project that I really wrote for myself, and shared it (and the code) as an after thought. This is really a 'scratch my own itch' project, like my cookingspace.com site that I use to track my vitamin K input - I could not find any other recipe sites that would do that for me when I wrote cookingspace. Anyway, thanks for the idea: I'll add a PDF download link tomorrow with screenshots and a page or two of text describing why I did not like any of the other 'getting stuff done' sites. That is good that they offer the service, but I prefer cron jobs that make daily backups to S3 that roll over (e.g., today's daily backup clobbers last Tuesday's backup). Doing a monthly backup that never gets rolled over is also a good idea. I should have added in my post: this really is a simple app: uses a bit of Javascript/AJAX to basically keep everything on one page. Drag a focus to the top of the focus list and then you just see the todos for that focus. Click on a focus or a todo title to edit in place. Drag and drop todos and focuses to reorder. Edit notes for any todo in place. Really simple, this took me about 6 hours to code up. (It is a few hundred lines of Ruby with a few HTML templates, and two CSS files, one for browsers and one for cellphones.) Really nice paper. In the 1980s at SAIC, we spent a small fortune designing custom (Harvard memory architecture) hardware to do back-prop neural networks relatively fast, but fast back then was about 23m/sec FP operations. My droid phone could probably do more than that now :-) Right you are, thanks. I'll fix that. I'll probably leave the email code as-is and add a random salt for each account, run crypt and just save the salt and hash for each user. I second that thanks - looks very useful. Thoughtful essay that I bet rubs some people the wrong way. I permanently delicio.us bookmarked this, but I am not sure which of my friends and family (if any) I'll send the URL to. I just added a few lines of code to migrate the database to encrypt passwords with a per user salt (not the best salt, but adds some flavor :-) Thanks again for pointing that out. I just looked through the startup guides for RimuHosting, EC2, and appengine. Looks good, and it is probably a good idea to have a good exit strategy for any cloud provider. I added 3 links to screen shots (one from an Android phone) on the front page so people can also et a quick idea of what the app does. re: when I reorder the list it would be nice if the edit wouldn't pop up: The help text tells you how to work around this: just grab a focus or a todo item with the mouse just to the right of the text to drag it, otherwise you get both drag and drop and in place editing. I thought of requiring a ctrl key with a mouse click to get around this problem, but once I got used to mousing down just next to the text to drag, that seemed easy. (I need to make the help text more clear.) Thanks for your comments. Thanks for your comment. I added 3 links on the first page for screen shots (2 web browser, 1 on a Droid phone). I totally agree with you. I originally started (a little reluctantly) consulting 12 years ago because we moved from a large city to the mountains so telecommuting-based consulting was a necessity, but now, I would not want to give up my independence. Also, as a consultant you can never lose your job if the economy gets a lot worse (although business can be lean). I have two business ideas I want to pursue, one at a time (one dealing with statistical NLP, and the other taking my old cookingspace app and revamping it more for mobile use for shopping and use in the kitchen). I think that consulting is a great way to get varied experience, enjoy working with lots of different people, and have flexibility for working on side projects. Dow Jones Industrial average down 3.20% S&P 500 down 3.24% So, the Dow ended down about 350 points for the entire day. This happens sometimes. The world economy could crash triggered by problems in Greece, Spain, etc. Or, we could continue to be fine for decades. I think that it is impossible to predict. Good for them! OmniGraffle is the main reason I will always keep a Mac around. That is a great example - bookmarked for later. I have been into SW/RDF/RDFS/OWL tech for a long but Neo4j seems to be a better fit for a lot of general purpose problems. That is useful, especially because I am spending the weekend getting even more into Clojure (I just accepted a new AI gig and the coding is to be done in Clojure). I have three Clojure books (2 are MEAPS) that I am revisiting this weekend and I hope to be releasing two small open source Clojure projects in the next few days (just AI stuff, so not of general interest). It is very nice to have a good excuse to get deeper into a great (or at least fun to use) programming language. That is a useful writeup. The Semantic Web as a technology has faced an uphill battle for acceptance but that is hopefully changing. BTW, here is a PDF link to my new SW book: http://www.markwatson.com/opencontent/book_java.pdf The book is just about done, so you can ignore the work in progress warning on the cover page. This is the Java/Clojure/Scala/JRuby edition. The Common Lisp edition will be delayed a while because I just accepted an AI gig that is going to require all of my focus. BTW, my book covers the use of Sesame and AllegroGraph version 4. AG 4 is not quite out yet so you will have to use Sesame for now to play with the example programs. Thanks for that link. I spent some time late last night comparing this new pure Emacs release with Aquamacs . I have been a happy Aquamacs user for a long time but I will probably switch because of the faster startup times and cleaner looking interface. When Aquamacs is released with an update, I would like easier options for simplifying the look and feel (e.g., having to hide the button bar, etc.) BTW, really off topic, but does anyone know how to bind the speedbar to the main frame window instead of being in a separate frame window? I totally agree with you. It would be better to charge a flat rate, perhaps 0.5% Cuban's basic idea is good though. That said, the chances of Congress passing legislation that would limit Wall Street profits is very low. And, neither a democrat or republican president would sign such a bill if by some small chance Congress passed it. A little off topic, but I am very sorry I entered my birthday when signing up for FB a few years ago. It does not show on my profile but the possibility of FB passing it on with other data for marketing to 3rd parties might happen (or happens right now?) Last night a friend mentioned that she was able to remove her birth date last year but when I tried this morning there was no option on the web app. I emailed support@facebook.com, admin@facebook.com, etc. this morning asking for it to be removed and pointed out that this might be a huge legal exposure to them. I'll add a comment to this comment if I ever hear back from them. The FB developer APIs do make a nice platform. I did a little work a year ago on a customer's Rails app to make it play nice with FB. That said, I woud hate to base my business just on one platform that I did not control. It seems safer to develop useful web apps and/or game web apps that can integrate with FB, perhaps act as Wave components, and run on the developers own servers. For Ruby, using datamapper can allow you to (for example) use both a relational database and MongoDB together. You could also have a migration strategy based on datamapper. That said, I would suggest picking two data stores like PostgreSQL and MongoDB and write some code examples, play around with data models for your app. If you spend several hours doing this then you can make a better decision. BTW I have tried most of the NoSQL data stores and MongoDB is probably the easiest to use from a developer's point of view. I have used bindings for Ruby and Clojure and being able to store things like Ruby or Clojure maps directly in a documents is great. That said, PostgreSQL with built in text indexing support, etc., etc. is also a great tool. I think that if you become fluent with PG and MongoDB then that is sufficient for a wide range of problems. For my development, I toss RDF data stores into the mix, but that might just complicate things for you. Anyway, pick one of each, have fun playing with each one before making a big commitment. Answered my own question: found what I needed here to have the speedbar in the main window frame. Nice: http://www.emacswiki.org/emacs-en/SpeedBar I don't use full disk encryption, but I do have an encrypted partition that has my .ssh, .pgp, password reminder file, and sensitive customer information. Each time I boot up, I mount this partition. I have soft links in my home directory to .ssh, etc. on this partition. Sounds like he did not make S3 snapshots of his EBS volumes. Ouch. I feel very confident about the robustness of data that I store on AWS because I can make an S3 snapshot, and recover from that snapshot on a fresh EC2 to test the backup. BTW, I changed the way I use AWS: now I always make bootable EBS images, increasing the size > the 10 GB limit so I snapshot my OS setup and data and apps all at the same time. I just installed it and I installed the Mac 23.2 build a few days ago. Aquamacs is nice because just about everything (e.g., latext support) is bundled in. The plain 23.2 build starts faster and seems lighter. I alias 'Emacs' to start the new 23.2 plain app, 'aquamacs' to start Aquamacs, and can run the default emacs install with 'emacs'. Nice to have all three depending on what I am working on. Good for them. Heroku provides great service, and I wish them well. Exactly right. Pay, and you don't get loading request delays. I think that they use the social graph linking you with your friend's accounts, and the information they get when your friends give FB access to their GMail account. Makes sense, right? I am using Clojure a lot right now on a customer's project, a cool language for sure. That said, I have doubts about Clojure + AppEngine because of the loading request times. I can get a Java + AppEngine app to do about a 1 to 2 second loading request time by not using JDO and minimizing dependencies. Unfortunately, loading the Clojure JARs (or the JRuby JARs) increase the loading request time. Sometimes when I go to TheDeadline, I see almost a 10 second delay on the first page load. Does not happen often, but it does happen. Interesting idea, but why not just use some disk space on a remote server that you pay for anyway? I use a VPS for this and use cron jobs for rolling S3 backups. (And, I need the VPS anyway.) If someone is not a developer, however, using Dropbox sounds like a good idea. That is really slick. Too bad that old documents can't be automatically converted (wait for that feature, sure it is coming). AppEngine is being used, but I would bet not nearly to the degree that AWS is. One thing that Google could do right away is to offer a (hopefully reasonable) monthly fee to keep instances active - loading request times are a bummer and it takes some effort to keep them reasonable (e.g., use Python, or use Java without JDO or anything that takes a while to initialize). Some things are great with AppEngine: admin web app, ease of deployment, and being able to write Wave robots easily. For long loading request times, it would be great to pay perhaps $5 to $10 a month for always keeping one instance active. I like Yehuda's advice to use --rebase. I'll have to try that. I used to really like svn, but after using git for about a year I am now feeling some cognitive dissonance using svn on a customer project. Great tools are better than good tools. Sure upgrading to Ruby 1.9.x is a hassle (character encodings, changes to array class, etc. does break some old code). That said, 1.9 gives a good performance boost that Ruby needs, so man up and just do it. It is also a "public good" issue: the sooner everyone up-converts to 1.9, the easier it will be to develop with Ruby because all required gems will work, etc. I have whined quite a bit on up convert hassles on rubyplanet.net, so I do understand the author's pain + complaints, but we do all need to move forward. Great article. I like Neo4J but I have never used it for a customer project - just for personal experiments. In general, NoSQL vs. relational is an interesting tradeoff between the ability to horizontally scale at reasonable cost vs. immediate consistency. Very cool! I use Ruby 1.9.1 and JRuby 1.5 for production, but Rubinius may become dominant in the future because of using LLVM and because the code base must be much easier to work with. I agree - same reason Rubinius will probably be the future of Ruby. Smalltalk has been around forever and one of Smalltalk's strengths is that most of the implementation is in Smalltalk itself. When I first got into Ruby I kept the implementation handy and a Textmate project set up for all installed Ruby gems to make it easy to read through the code. Rubinius makes it easier to read the implementation code. I installed Rubinius using an OS X installer, but then went back and installed the source code. Hiking: I have explored over 100 remote Indian ruin sites in the mountains of Central Arizona. Cooking: definitely a favorite way to decouple from my work day. Music: I gave up on the guitar after 40 years but I now enjoy the Didgeridoo and Native American flute. I save GMail via POP3, Google Docs with a Python script, and I keep originals of Flickr and Picasa photos. Fairly easy to do. Cool writeup. I am enthusiastic about node.js and I have Heroku node.js beta access - now all I need is more free time. Javascript and node.js have a nice development story and I am trying to spin up a bit on Emacs support for Javascript. I wonder if his new company will do everything in Scala. If I were starting a company and writing the corporate stack from scratch, Scala would be a good possible choice. He has written a fair amount about Scala, so I am just wondering... A useful service, but I wonder when they will also support PostgreSQL/PostGIS? Amazon has a good story for replication, now with RDS across availability zones, and Elastic Load Balancing, etc. I am helping a customer with some large scale AI/text mining, and I think that they will also have me help set up a split internal data center - and AWS for overload and failover. AWS is a great deployment platform, but it does take a lot of effort to use it for projects that can't just use a platform as a service provider like Heroku. Clojure is nice (I have been using it more often for customer work). For me, Clojure still lacks the totally immersive feeling of using (as examples) Gambit-C with Marc Feeley's Emacs support (unbelievably sweet error handling/debugger) or Common Lisp with Slime. Clojure with swank-clojure is nice, but is still running in second place. All that said, given a free choice, I use Ruby for most tasks. That is great. I'll alternate backups between S3 and GS. Amazon sells technology that they developed for their own use. I wonder what data they store in RRS? Tracking information? User calculated preferences on products? I use Ruby a lot, and I always deploy Ruby web apps to Heroku. This is all about loading request times. Right now, I think that the best bet for AppEngin is coding in Python. Since I don't much use Python I have been experimenting with using Java + Objectify instead of JDO: this gets my request loding times down to usually just over 1 second. I have two writeups about this on my blog. I have spent quite a lot of time trying JRuby + Sinatra + AppEngine. Lots of good work but not really ready. Google needs a paid for option to always keep at least one JVM for an application spun-up. I used to use Prolog a lot on R&D projects at SAIC but since becoming a consultant, few customers have wanted work done in Prolog (it has been about 5 years since anyone has paid me to do Prolog). Prolog is awesome for some types of problems like graph operations, ad-hoc rule systems, planning, etc. If you want to play/learn, I would recommend Swi-Prolog. Jan Wielemaker does a great job writing and maintaining Swi-Prolog. The semantic web libraries and other Swi-Prolog libraries are very good stuff! Nice article! I really enjoy hearing about other people's experiences. I have nothing per se against Microsoft's hosting except for the expense. I believe that it is much more expensive than AppEngine or AWS. Question: the lock-in factor is likely not that big of an issue since apps could be run on Mono and a leased server, right? Really, software, writing and deploying web apps is a business and there are two large costs involved: labor costs for writing and maintaining software, and hardware+admin costs for deployment. The question is what is least expensive and fastest to deployment. For me, that is Ruby on Rails for the front end, and as needed, back end processing in Java, or Clojure, or Common Lisp - whatever makes sense for a project. I am not sure about Wave. I was a beta user, then got accounts for family and friends, but the uptake seems really slow. My enthusiasm level is good, but: As a practical matter, the only money I have made on Wave was writing one how-to article on Wave Robot development. None of my consulting customers have expressed any interest in custom Wave development. Hello Tom, first I should say that Ruby is my favorite language and fortunately there is a lot of demand for Ruby development. I don't really pitch customers on language since almost everyone I work for is very tech saavy and know what they want they want to use. If you want to work in a particular language such as Common Lisp I suggest writing a useful open source project and that could lead to work in Lisp, and at the least you will learn something and have fun. Great paper, and a tough problem (for one thing, sparse positive samples in training data). The author makes a really good point. Personally, about 90% of the time I buy something online I just go straight to Amazon. The author makes a good point, similar to those made in the excellent book "The Millionaires Next Door." My wife and I have make it a habit of saving for new big ticket items like cars to avoid debt payments and it makes a difference: both in saved interest payments and fewer purchases. I have worked just part time my whole life making a good but modest living while my brother owns two optometry offices, has lots of income, but not so great investments and buys a lot of "toys." It seems really strange to me that I am ending up with more assets than he has when I took it easy in my career and had fun. It looks interesting enough, and the sort-of SQL language looks OK, but I have to ask: why would anyone use a young project (with only one developer?) rather than something really well supported like MongoDB or Cassandra? That said, interesting looking work. Wave is a nice platform to program for. I have never written any gadgets but I have played around quite a bit with writing robots (and I wrote a DevX article on robots a while ago). I still think that the Wave web app itself can stand improvement, but I am enthusiastic about the platform. The really exciting time will be when an open source version can be easily installed on any server for private Wave access inside an organization, a family, etc. (and still support federation to Google and other Wave providers). I did not really intend to be too critical: I would never discourage someone from doing a major open source project because just the learning experience is rewarding enough for the developer. I will keep an eye on it also, especially if there are nice Clojure and JRuby wrappers. I would be more enthusiastic but all of my current needs are very well met using PotgreSQL, MongoDB, and either AllegroGraph or Sesame as RDF data stores. This might be cool, I guess we have to wait and see. I have been experimenting with the free "garden hose" twitter stream (you get about 40 tweets per second). Google and other companies get the full "fire hose" - amazing to see something you tweeted show up in search results almost immediately. I think I like Carol Bartz - didn't know much about her before. I liked that she admitted that Yahoo does not have any main focus, that they do a lot of things. I may be a Google (AppEngine, old defunct search APIs, Reader, GMail, Blogger, Wave, etc.) and Amazon (love AWS and do most of my shopping on Amazon) fanboy, but the first thing I go to each morning on the web (after GMail) is my personal Yahoo page. I probably hit my personal page 10 times a day. Yahoo has a good product. I agree. I have been working on some statistical NLP code in Clojure today for a client and I continue to be amazed at how concise code can be. One of the reasons I starting using Ruby about 5 years ago was that it is such a concise language, but Clojure seems even better. Smaller code is easier to read and maintain. I think that you are correct about two things: Clojure stack traces and error messages are pretty bad. And, Python is probably the best language for AppEngine because of the small loading request times; with Java I struggle to minimize loading request times (I use objectify-appengine instead of JDO, etc.) Memory lane... Slackware was my first distro: downloaded over a 2400 baud modem in 1991 (my family may never forgive me for hogging the phone line for 2 days :-) Tip of the hat to Patrick Volkerding and crew. Seriously? I traveled a lot on business in 1991, and I thought that I had an HP laptop loaded up with Slackware. That said, I just googled Slackware and version 1.0 was officially released in 1993, as you said. I guess that I have not been using Linux for as long as I thought. Thanks for the correction. Hmmm. The editors that other people use is basically as un-interesting as someone's religion or politics. I'll not bore you with my views on politics or spirituality, only editing text: Any Lisp: Gambit-C Scheme, Clojure, Common Lisp: Emacs with either Slime or custom support. (I also like the IntelliJ support for Clojure.) Ruby: mostly TextMate or GEdit, sometimes RubyMine. Java, Scala: IntelliJ. Nothing else even comes close. Latex: TeXShop on the mac, GEdit on Linux Nice. I have been appreciating Clojure a lot more recently because my largest customer uses it (so I am using it). There is a lot to like: practical language, good decisions on how Java integration is done, nice setup for supporting contrib library, easy to use stable 1.1 or 1.2 depending on project (since with leinigen I put clojure.jar and clojure-contrib.jar in each project's lib directory), nice Emacs support with swank-clojure, etc. I dont hire other programmers but if I did I would appreciate have so much Clojure specific talent in one organization. I hope that Clojure/core prospers - they deserve it. They are in 'stealth mode.' I'll ask them what I can talk about. Great comment by the author on making the Apple experience stickier - more difficult to buy hardware from another vendor that won't play with Mobile Me. Our Techcrunch presentation is over, so here you go: http://www.compasslabs.com/ Video of presentation: http://www.livestream.com/disrupt/video?clipId=pla_b6c62d26-... (the judges liked it :-) Very interesting - thanks. Scala is a hot language right now, and when Play gets really solid Scala support (does it have it already?) then Play may get to be more popular. A lot of BS in this article, but one idea that I did find very interesting: """ The big question here is: does Apple have the balls to revolutionize the web and return the world’s journalism and entertainment to a paid premium model (like magazines and books and newspapers and HBO) rather than an adware garbage model? """ Apple becoming a platform for micropayments for great content. Problem with this is that Google + Android could do the same thing. It has always bugged me that some people boil live crabs and lobsters: I have seen them struggling to get out of the water. Quickly cutting out their brain stems and then tossing them in the water seems better. That said, anyone who has seen live pigs piled 20+ feet deep in a pre-killing pen may think about being a vegetarian. The look of total fear in their eyes is difficult to forget. My wife and I had the misfortune of seeing that one time and we could not bring ourselves to eat any meat for a long time. Interesting! Matched my experience with the slowness of SimpleDB. That said, this benchmark web application does not hit the sweet spots of SimpleDB and AppEngine: parallel queries. For AppEngine, using a single entity group (for transactions, data needs to be server-localized, and that is one thing that an entity group does) is really not using the platform correctly. That said, good article! The reddit founder letter was basically OK and interesting, but the Techcrunch critique sort-of irritated me. Too bad: I really enjoyed the Techcrunch web site last week because my customer CompassLabs was presenting at Techcrunch and it was a lot of fun following along remotely. I don't understand the negativity of the linked article though. The more positive energy and kindness you give, generally the more good stuff comes back your way. Such a simple principle and it is strange that some people just don't get it. What is wrong with TextMate? Why the big deal about a version 2? TextMate is an extensible platform like Emacs, and so it is constantly evolving thanks to people's generosity in writing and giving away plugins. I do a lot of Lisp work in Emacs but often keep TextMate open in parallel. Neat tool, and worth the money. If the author never brings out version 2, that is his call. Sorry that I could only up-vote your comment by one point. You have it exactly right : TextMate is light weight, starts instantly (but don't open directory trees with huge data files) and is handy to have. It nicely complements work flow with Emacs and IntelliJ. My grandmother read The Hobbit to me when I was 8. I read it to my stepdaughter when she was 8. Awesome book that we all enjoyed. Why the question? I find GMail ads more relevant than search ads and have spent more money in purchases from GMail ads. I am just one datapoint though, and Google probably will not publish relevant statistics. I had the very good fortune of having Peter Norvig as a technical editor of one of my books. Unfortunately there were a lot of problems with my book that needed fixed and I appreciated the precise way he told me what he didn't like. He is certainly one of the best computer scientists on the planet, and also a very nice guy. My Dad, in his late 80s, is redoing the Watson family video. About 1 hour of media. Dad (still a member of the US National Academy of Science) has a quirky sense of humor: he likes to mix in Poser 3D animations with his videos so his favorite virtual character, 'Hank' an acerbic gorilla, keeps chiming in to my family history. Fortunately, Roger Ebert will never see this :-) That is comprehensive! Good job. I still do about 1/3 of all of my consulting work in Lisp languages, and even though not the subject of Dan's survey, I suspect that Clojure will help keep Lisp popular with developers who are looking for high productivity languages. Good article. I do wish that my Droid had a video camera on the same side of the phone as the screen for video Skype, but that will probably be in a later release. This looks pretty cool. I am installing it right now to kick the tires. I use and like AppEngine, but another framework that would support migration away from AppEngine seems like a good idea to me. Isn't there a brand new 2.4 GHz Macbook? Check the online store. After a long time of using Ubuntu for about 80% of my work, I am drifting back to OS X for the majority of my work. The issue for me is that the MacBook keyboard is just a little nicer for reducing hand fatigue for me - not sure why. That said, MacBooks run Ubuntu great. Great! I still use ActiveRecord a lot for legacy Rails apps, but I prefer Datamapper now, partly because it supports MongoDB and mixed relational database and MongoDB backends. For quality technical work it is much better to have the team all in one place - arguing otherwise is silly. Countering this is (sometimes) large cost savings. I am in the position of being just about the only remote worker with the rest of the team in Silicon Valley. I really have to make a strong extra effort to stay in touch and in sync with the home team. In my case, this is totally worth the effort, but my general advice to people is to get a small number of very good people in one place. On the other side of this issue: I have worked with a lot of teams in India, Vietnam, Brazil, and Eastern Europe. Having many inexpensive and well educated/trained coworkers really opens a lot of doors to doing development that can't be justified with more expensive developers. Michael's article makes sense to me. BTW, I am trying to do all of my work in just Clojure and Ruby - a nice choice, but some Java and Common Lisp work keeps coming up that prevents a clean break. Wow, Twitter just picked up an awesome tech team, and the services are nice also. I don't use DabbleDB very much (only a free account, years ago), but it was very well done. Avi's work and writing on Seaside is also great stuff. Also, I just noticed that the blog post was by Kevin Weil (who I follow on Twitter :-) who is also an analytics heavyweight. I doubt the story. BTW, I was flying back from a work day in San Jose last Friday, and the fellow sitting next to me on the airplane mentioned both that his company makes iPad parts and that they have had problems with suicides in their China factories. Probably the same company? Also: notice the AGPL license. If mongrel2 hits a sweet spot for the targeted types of web apps, Zed has a good chance of monetizing this project. I appreciate Zed's writing and work - so good luck to him. The use of AGPL has some interesting ramifications. For example, I still don't understand why AGPL projects like MongoDB can be used as part of large networked systems and this not be a violation of the AGPL if the entire system's source is not released under AGPL also. AGPL is "networked viral." I think that you simply need to buy an alternative license. This is also the way neo4j is monetized. Thanks. I had read that also a while back, so this sounds like the MongoDB developers offer a sort of waiver to the straight-up AGPL, effectively making it the GPL. In any case, kudos to the MongoDB developers; I have used it on almost every project I have done this year. This gave me an idea: decades ago I became interested in a natural language processing theory known as Conceptual Dependency Theory (never was very useful to me though, and I was like a dinosaur caught in a tar pit: my fascination with the theory kept me in a stuck state). Anyway, CDT attempts to extract structured information from text and I thought that if CDT worked, then you could measure something Alex talked about in the article: rating text as interesting if it introduced novel concepts. Tracking EBS performance problems can be a hassle, but the new AWS console tools should make it easier to notice performance problems. Nice! Never say never. 'Real AI' may require new hardware like quantum computers, and may take a very long time, but even 400 years ago, did anyone expect us to be sending small robotic vehicles around and out of the solar system? I do believe that real AI will happen, but it may seem very alien to us. Peter provides a very good summary of the differences between the two libraries by letting the authors of both libraries have their say. I have always used MongoMapper (for Ruby, CongoMongo for Clojure), but I am motivated to at least give Mongoid a try. I also posted this article because I was interested in other peoples take on this. Good for us in the USA? Personally, I don't think so because I see this as another step towards the dollar no longer beng the standard reserve currency. It would be great if there was an uptick in manufacturing here, but on balance, this does not look good to me. And, slightly older MacBooks always run Ubuntu great :-) What size instances do you run for different types of functions? Very good article by Alex Miller. I have not had time to play with clj-plaza, but it just went on my short list. I have a low priority work task to keep curent with FB's Open Graph (but mostly hacking Freebase). There is something to "like links" instead of URLs, but we will see how this plays out. One thing that may be in FB's favor: even less than good ideas and algorithms can win big if you have enough data. Paolo sounds a bit like a fanboy but he makes a lot of interesting points. I work in a Clojure+Java shop yet I use Ruby whenever I can get away with it because it is the fastest language (for me) for getting stuff done. The article talks about Ruby's ecosystem, and that is key to Ruby productivity. That said, I think that Clojure will be super-awesome in a few years as its ecosystem continues to develop. I am installing it right now. One issue (or not): I tend to use different versions of Clojure libs for different projects, etc. and this looks like you install packages globally on your clj setup. Looks well worth checking out. I use Ruby, and not Python. That said I still bought a print copy of this book a few years ago: nice book and the NLTK package has a lot of grate tools built in. Definitely "batteries included." The comments on why "my language is better than yours" could have been toned down however. The book is available at the same site: http://nltk.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/doc/book/book.html really nice work on both the book and the NLTK library. Carl Jung said that it was scientifically provable that yoga and meditation help physical and mental health - he probably made that comment 60 years ago, but it is still true today. I really like Lulu.com. I have published 2 books on Lulu (and 15 through conventional publishers). Lulu is perfect for projects with limited market potential that authors want to write anyway. I use Lulu for things I want to give away free as PDFs and give people the option of getting a print book.