Excellent, and thank you. I wouldn't have found this without your shameless plug. I can log in, but I'm getting a 503 with the following: "Something is technically wrong. Thanks for noticing—we're going to fix it up and have things back to normal soon." Varicose veins, for one. I think it messes up your feet too, but that's what the standing mat is for. I find that if I try to work through a flu, I'll be sick for a week or two. If I just go home and stay in bed, I get over it in a few days. In the long run, it's much more productive to take care of yourself before your work. No matter how productive you think you are being while sick, the quality of your work is most likely suffering. Unfortunately, they all start out this way it seems. Hopefully, this one will remain this way. I like that idea. Keep the core frozen. With a good API, users can extend it to their liking, and complicate it all they want. Or was just inspired by it. They just did it so that, when no one plays anymore, they could say "See! We told you no one wanted offline play." There's a lot of assholes out there, and nothing feels better than killing them with kindness. Does that make me an asshole too? "The Borowitz Report: The News Reshuffled" certainly sounds like parody to me. To a moron in a hurry, it would look exactly like a Fluke product. This is exactly what trademarks are there to protect against, and Fluke is absolutely correct in their actions to protect their brand. This will likely blow up in Sparkfun's face, and rightly so. It's not just the fact that it's yellow, but it's also shaped just like a Fluke. A quick search on multimeters shows various alternative shapes that Sparkfun could have chosen to distinguish themselves. Fluke is correct in protecting their brand, in this case. It's yellow and shaped just like a Fluke. Sparkfun is in the wrong here. Fluke must protect their brand to keep their trademark valid. Maybe because it would break backwards compatibility (and possibly the spec) for the tab key? Don't even get me started on "PIN number". They would add themselves if it weren't for the infinite loop. 20 bucks a month over the duration of a development cycle could be pretty significant. This will basically allow people to develop their game to the point where success or failure could be predicted, and Epic will miss out on the development cycle revenues from the failures. Scrolling left/right when reading on a small screen on sites that haven't been optimized for small screens. That is some very expensive paint. I see it as more of a multi-part blog series, where you can read the first few parts and wait for the rest, or you can wait until all parts have been written and read it all. In this case, it's better than a blog series, because you can be notified as soon as it's complete without having to keep checking back. Context is important. Most laypersons reading an article don't know the terms "Black Hat", "White Hat", and so on. A good article should differentiate the intentions of the "hacker", so that the reader can imply the morality of those intentions by the context. You are correct in that it does not solve a problem. Furthermore, the article tries to create a problem with CSV that does not exist. > CSV breaks depending on the implementation on Quotes, Commas and lines CSV does not break; the implementation is broken if it doesn't parse CSV properly. With a proper implementation, CSV solves every problem that will arise from this method. I hate that I have to scroll at all to read a couple hundred words at most, let alone scroll five freakin' times on a 1080 display. Edit: And why in the world am I getting the webcam indicator on this site‽ There's people that code on their phones, so...(not me , but there is) Although I prefer the method in the best chosen answer, if I had to choose between red and green, I would choose green. You are confirming an action when choosing yes. The button to cancel the operation should be red. This is too generalized. There are born leaders and there are born followers. Followers are influenced by those around them, while leaders forge their own path no matter what. However, a well rounded person knows when to adapt. They lead when necessary, and take instructions when required. There are some people who will never become like those around them, but will instead shape those around them to their own image. Edit: Downvotes with no counterpoints? That means I must be right, because the truth hurts. > However, a well rounded person knows when to adapt. They lead when necessary, and take instructions when required. > no one is not influenced by those around them You are correct, but not everyone becomes just like those they choose to be around. Everyone can learn from and influence others, but that doesn't mean "You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with." I would have preferred a title along the lines of "There is a good chance that you may become who you choose to be around". > or willing to admit about themselves. Including myself, probably. Could it be made to dynamically load more stories as I scroll? You know, to completely kill my productivity. It's just suffering now with this extension, and I'd like to finish it off. Even more skewed now due to the fact that I answered "yes" without having seen the movie. There was no "I don't know" button. > Reversing cameras always send their output to the big screen on the center console The newer Acura MDXs have a dedicated screen built into the rear-view mirror hanging from the windshield. It looks like a normal mirror until you put it in reverse, and then you can see the output from the backup camera in the left side of the mirror. It's better than most, but still doesn't solve #2 and #3 from your points. Basically, be smart and only use it if/when necessary. Use it only as a tool and not the tool. I hope not. I think it will be like rear/side mirrors. You can use only mirrors to back up, but eventually, they will not be enough, and you will impact something. I think that the same people that don't look now are the same people that won't look then. But there were buttons to be pressed! You could submit that as a guideline. I miss Coder Weekly, and your service sounds very similar, but without the niche aspect. Where do I sign up? EDIT: Thanks. Subbed. I use Balsamiq for this and love it. http://balsamiq.com/products/mockups/ Maybe he imported noodles from Rome? ...these fancy entrepreneurs and their start-up monies. > getting people off balance is always fun. Also fun by actually remembering the names of new people. Apps are great for things that you need notifications for, or anything that needs to be "always on" for you. I prefer not installing apps unless they meet that criteria, or there is no web version available. Agreed, and as a mechanical solution, it is likely better than an electronic solution in a damp environment such as a shower. I don't necessarily "want" to lead, but it's where the money's at. I'll certainly look into this more. > Simon may have no choice but to steal There's always a choice. Thievery is despicable. I don't believe that the presence of the vulnerability is the reason people are looking to migrate. I believe that the discovery of this vulnerability shed light on the code quality of OpenSSL, and that is what is turning people away. Some people have only recently learned of the quality issues, and have lost trust in the project. Others have known about them, but have been begrudgingly dealing with them, and this was the straw that broke the camels back. There's always someone looking to migrate to a different implementation, and all they need is a good reason to justify the effort. Mortgages, donations, and other deductibles. As well as stock trades, investments and other sources of income. I used to wonder that as well until I bought a house and did some investing. For the more simple returns, there's easier ways than copy/pasting. If it's just a W2, there's apps that let you take a picture of it, and it'll OCR it and populate the forms automagically. Publix used to deliver groceries about 10 or so years ago. I used that service from the moment it started to the moment they shut it down. It wasn't viable, because they didn't charge enough, and I would have happily paid more. I miss it to this day, because no one else has started a similar service in my area. Everyone can use it easily. It's an easy tool to use. You don't need a Google account to install an extension. > What do I do? Install the extension and use postman easily. If you give a reason, there's a small chance that you may have to defend that reason legally. Therefore, it's best to not give a specific reason. It's harsh, but protection of the business is more of a priority than potentially hurting someone's feelings by not giving a reason. Of course there are exceptions. My girlfriend being one of them. She's not capable of switching and input and using a different remote to control a different device - or even a universal remote to control both devices, for that matter. If she cannot get to Netflix with the push of a button, then I get a call every time she wants to watch Netflix when I'm not home. Smart TVs make technology accessible, and that's why they are popular. If the moon is only one pixel in an image that doesn't fit on your screen, then it would be invisible in an image that does. It would be impossible to get the whole solar system in one image that fits on your current screen without scrolling. So, what you would really like is a higher resolution screen. Hmmm, I don't know. When I install it on Windows Chrome, I immediately get an icon next to the URL bar. Sorry I can't be of more help. Displaying text clearly and without artifacts surrounding it. Hearts and Euchre - obsessively. I will only switch lanes when I can see what is causing the blockage. If it's an accident to one side, I get to the other. This avoids the mess of merging at the last minute. Having tested this by noting the positions of large distinct trucks that I can see form a distance, I've noticed that I do get through the jam faster this way. It looks like HTML5 has opened up the same avenues of UI abuse that Flash did. I agree. I believe that, to businesses, perception is reality, and Rice's appointment will give the perception of increased data security. People may value privacy, but businesses value security. Thanks for the informative post. I'm new to the idea, and I have a question. You say that the decision making process is democratic. Couldn't that be dangerous? The majority is not always right, or even informed enough to make a correct decision. An executive hierarchy puts this process in the hands of key decision makers, who are supposed to make the correct decisions to protect the company's interests based on their experience. What happens when the decision made by the democratic majority is potentially harmful to the company? Is there a hierarchy in place to mitigate bad decisions? Thanks for the informative post. I'm new to the idea, and I have a question. You say that the decision making process is democratic. Couldn't that be dangerous? The majority is not always right, or even informed enough to make a correct decision. An executive hierarchy puts this process in the hands of key decision makers, who are supposed to make the correct decisions to protect the company's interests based on their experience. What happens when the decision made by the democratic majority is potentially harmful to the company? Is there a hierarchy in place to mitigate bad decisions? EDIT: jawns has clarified that the democratic process can be used to appoint an executive heirarchy. I was under the impression that every business decision was put to a vote by the entire cooperative. I understand now that key decision makers can be elected in order to mitigate decisions that may be harmful to the business. I've never noticed the "a" was missing until now, but I've intuitively always pronounced it as one word, like "coda-cademy" I purchased a quarter on the street for $100. It was a medical strain that came in a jar labeled with all of the manufacturers information - somewhere out in California. I looked it up on the manufacturers web site, and they were charging $200 to customers with a card. If that is the standard, then they are going to have a hell of a time overriding the street market with retail. Oh, really? -- posted from my smartphone I used to despise the full page ads that would appear before the articles contents were displayed, and would close the page and never come back. Now, I just close the ad and read the article, pretending the ad was never there. Maybe it's just a matter of forced acceptance, because I no longer find it a distraction. However, if you pop something up over the content that I am actively reading, I, like you, am sure to close the page and never come back. Like this, but for employment instead of freelance? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7679422 Yes. In fact, it's the only valid argument. Most people I that I know own a gun, and none have ever killed anybody. People with mental issues kill people, and they use more than just guns. I have a block of knives on my kitchen counter that have the potential to be just as deadly. Cairo may be more accessible from Amsterdam. > The URL is still accessible in iOS by tapping the URL bar, or in the Canary experiment by clicking the origin chip or hitting ⌘-L.[0] I honestly don't see what the big deal is. So, you have to click the origin chip to modify or share the URL. There's even a handy keyboard shortcut. What am I missing? The examples in the link[0] show that it's actually beneficial. [0] http://jakearchibald.com/2014/improving-the-url-bar/ The new Acura MDX has something like this for its backup camera. The center rear view mirror looks normal, until you put it in reverse. When you do, the left hand side of the mirror becomes the backup camera monitor, with no reflection. The best part is, you can still see a reflection in the right side of the mirror, so you can use it as normal, and you don't have to look down at your dashboard to see the video feed. An attacker would have to modify the actual gem files in a way that would yield the same checksums, since the hashing is one way only. This is terrible and very overly dramatic. This whole "white guilt" thing is getting old. I talk to everyone the same way, and have never had an issue with a conversation strictly because of someones race. White people can be unemployed too, and when you ask someone what they do for a living, its up to them as to where the conversation goes next. I live in South Florida, a cultural melting pot, and have never tailored my conversation to someones ethnicity. Just treat people how you would expect them to treat you. The rest is up to them, and it's not your fault if they don't treat you how you expect. > everywhere I click it says I need n more rep to use a piece of functionality. Sorta like HN. I like to prefix the element name with the entity name that will be written to. That way, if I have a form that will be writing to the attributes of multiple entities, I know exactly what each represents. If two entities share an attribute name, then the element names will be distinct. For instance, if I have a UI where the user can enter order details and add order lines, then the elements that represent order attributes are prefixed with "order-" and the others are prefixed with "orderLine-". It is tremendously helpful during maintenance. Oops, I didn't mean to type "orderLine" in camel case. I usually use underscores in the entity and attribute names, and separate them with a dash, like "order_line-item_sku". That way, I can distinctly select the entity or attribute, or easily search for all attributes for a given entity, like "order_line-". There's a saying that goes something like "a successful negotiation is one where both parties feel like they're getting the better deal". I think you are correct. You typically don't have to negotiate much for a fair deal. He's just making the point that it's unethical, which it is. Even if it boils down to simple bandwidth theft. Thanks for this. If you get errors while extracting with WinRar, like "Total path and file name length must not exceed 260 characters", then use the advice here[0] to work around it. [0] http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13178377/winrar-total-pat... > I recommend extracting it so that the base directory is C:\Atom or whichever drive you prefer, as this prevents long path name errors. The issue I am referring to is not the same as the issue at the end of the post. I'm referring to an issue with the temp folder that WinRar uses, and not the path to which you are extracting. One more edit: Working well on Win7 Pro SP1. As well, I can often have a five minute phone call to get a few questions answered. It would have taken me five minutes just to type the questions in a clear an unambiguous way, and then I would have to wait for the response. I chose yes, but I really only have sporadic bouts of regret triggered by a specific event: not being able to grok things. Whenever I cannot wrap my head around a CS concept, I blame my postponement of my degree. Whatever it may be, I feel like I would have learned it at university. If I would have finished, I probably wouldn't have learned most of those things, but at least I wouldn't have that nagging feeling every time. Ctrl+Esc. Not as convenient, but it works. Alternatively, pair it with a new mouse fro m the MS Sculpt line, and you have a start button on the mouse. Wow, I did not know that. You are correct, and that is a terrible inconvenience. You could go the Sculpt mouse route still. I have the ergo, and I'm digging it. I have yet to use the (un-customizable) start button on it, but it does support the shortcuts. There are some people who loathe eating, and derive zero pleasure from their taste sense. They perceive meals as a chore. Those people are their very small target market for the complete-meal-replacement aspect of their product. Since I don't have the cred to edit a comment that's been replied to yet, I'll clarify in a reply: You are absolutely correct, and I should have been more clear about the complete-meal-replacement aspect. I was referring to the small segment of people that would love to replace every meal with something like Soylent. So maybe "complete-food-replacement" would have conveyed my intended meaning a bit better. I too ate lots of Ramen in college, but in order to prevent myself from wanting to slit my wrists, I'd usually seek out at least one meal a day with some nutiritional value, and, more importantly, flavor that wasn't just salt water. Specifically regarding temperature, I don't think Celsius is granular enough, unless you like working with fractions. For instance, in my home, I can feel the difference between 72 F (22.2 C) and 73 F (22.8 C), and I prefer 73 F. Fractions would be just as easy for me to decipher, but there are some dim folks out there that have to be catered to, because they are legitimate consumers. Regarding other measurements, I agree that metric should be used, because it just makes sense. Millimeters are about as granular as 1/16 inches, so that would eliminate the need to work with fractions in most cases. > This is not anticipated to pose a problem, as this is considerably longer than the time it would take the Sun to theoretically expand to a red giant and swallow the Earth. That's management speak right there. It's assumptions like this that will surely have future colonial developers cursing their earthbound predecessors. Hoppy beer is already skunked! (j/k) But seriously, a cold beer in the hot sun can be one of life's little pleasures, but it requires the right kind of beer - typically one that you wouldn't drink otherwise. For instance, I would never touch a Corona in a bar, but a Corona with a lime on the beach is a completely different experience. However, my go-to sun-beer is a nice Blue Moon with an orange slice, which is another beer I typically wouldn't drink otherwise. The fact that this has made over $50 in a day makes me question what I've been doing with my life. Hodor. It seems to be a nominal fee to prevent dormant accounts from taking up resources, and ensure a pool of committed candidates. I'm sure they are charging job posters much more money, and those posters would have the confidence that their offers are reaching committed individuals. (mostly - aside from the 30 day trial users) Really, you are more than "mostly" to blame; you are "completely" to blame. You're also bordering on defamation, so you should probably reconsider your article. As I said on the comment on your site: > Nothing is "deep within" the TOS, if you do what you are supposed to do when using it as part of your business model, and read it in it's entirety. You completely and solely failed in your due diligence. You have already used paid-tier resources, and they are simply asking you to reimburse them for that. > where I live That's something that you may need to consider changing if the job situation is really that drastic. You have nothing without your health. Correlation != Causation.* Maybe climate patterns are on a 650,001 year cycle? * I make no claims as to my stance on the issue. I am simply playing devil's advocate. I like Gear Up's game play style more. I'm not a big fan of RTS/RPG elements, and I just like to get into the fray a.s.a.p. Thank you for the link. It looks like fun. I shall check it out after work this evening. on Not that you are even on topic here, but it doesn't take "dozens of trees" to make the little wooden desk that he made. > over which they have full control That may just be the problem. When everyone has full control over how they present themselves, then everyone presents themselves differently. The problem with this approach is the inconsistency - a user has to learn their way around a different UX for each entity's presence. With Facebook and Twitter, it's a familiar UX for the end user, and the information related to different entities is presented in more or less the same format for all entities. This makes is easier for the end user to find the information they are looking for, and sometimes that's better than branding. So, while it's important for an entity to have a branded web identity, I think that it's equally important for an entity to have and promote a presence on popular social media as well. It's a sort of dumbed-down identity for the masses. "That wasn't in the specification" An excuse being an attempt to justify a fault, I don't consider that an excuse. That one is a fact, and it's not the programmers fault when it happens. You spelled "Israel" wrong. I think it's so the people will say "Oh well, at least it's not $400 million.", and go on with their day. But, it could be your theory too, or may both! :-) Tell your friend that there will always be (a) people with legitimate medical issues, (b) people who are fad dieters, and (c) people who judge. She cannot control any of those things, so she should not let those things irritate her. She's improving her life in one way, and letting it stress her in another. Tell her that I said it's okay for her to do whatever she wants for whatever reason she wants to, and it's no on else's business. Also, tell her I said to have a fantastic day! A direct input would be nice. It took me five seconds to keep eight dollars by holding, but it could have taken only one second with direct input. Any particular reason that it's limited to this mechanic? Also, it seems to be stuck on the eight dollar screen. It keeps asking me to hold to $8, but never shows me a new photo. This is the stock Note 3 browser. EDIT: Now I can't even get it to register $3. Perhaps we are hugging the site too hard. Yup. Chrome worked well. Nice work! Nope. Everything. Forever. I have never been convicted of a crime, but I do have felony arrests on my record that have prevented me from getting an apartment, and hindered me from getting into a university. Even if we could just stop charging people with felonies for victimless crimes, then that would be a good start. Not obvious to everyone. HN is a place for people to learn, as well as discuss. Coincidentally, I was dreading having to add an index on a multigigabyte table this weekend, because I didn't know whether or not it would be done in time for Monday morning business. You just helped put my mind at ease, so I can have a stress-free weekend. Thanks for the tip! I do. It's nice. Super fast for power users compared to web mail apps, and probably the best native client for Windows in terms of functionality. I'm not even locked into Exchange. As someone who is currently in the SEO mix and using an SEO vendor, I'll take this opportunity to pick your brain for a single question. What would you consider to be the most important/valuable KPI? For some context, our SEO rep currently touts "number of new leads" as most important due to more people knowing about us, and we think "number of conversions" is more important due to ROI. I've been looking at the Kinesis keyboards to try to get some relief from wrist pain. Which do you use? Have you tried the MS Natural, or did you go straight to Kinesis? I use the Natural. I bought a Sculpt, but took it back because of the top row of keys being so small, and a couple of other gripes. I bought another Natural, but I always ponder the Kinesis line. Besides the unknown experience, the price is also a factor. I don't think the responsibility to get legal permission is on the creator of the collection, but on the person using the logo instead. > All pages have Informal Fallacy. Not 34. ;-) It's not just you. It's an annoying trend. Perhaps it's good for phones and tablets (that's arguable), but I don't think it's good for mouse input. At least this landing page (NPR) has optional buttons on the right side, unlike most pages I've seen like this (Spendee). It's turning "mobile first" into "mobile only", and I am being dragged kicking and screaming into it. Oh wow, I hadn't even noticed that! I use the space bar to scroll in "couch mode", because of the lack of scroll wheel on my laptop. Lately, I feel like I'm going to start shaking my fist at clouds. Royalties. It only validates the number. It doesn't take part in the actual transactions. Perhaps it's because you're ticketing the vehicle's registered owner, but not necessarily the driver. > The right believe that their way is the only way. To be fair, the left feel this way too. Maybe the legal/tax implications of a for-profit entity accepting donations outweigh the benefits? I really don't know; I'm just brainstorming possibilities. > the left has been much more open to compromise Both sides compromise, but only when they think they are getting the better deal. There are moderates on both sides who get things done, and there are extremists on both sides that stifle progress. One side is not better at compromise than the other, in any regard. They are all politicians, and they are all motivated by the same thing: power and self fulfillment. This seems like a solution looking for a problem. The proposed "problem" of trawling through hundreds of emails doesn't seem like a problem to me. I just go through and flag actionable items, instead of trying to answer anything right away. I start with the newest messages first, so I can ignore the thread of messages that lead up to the latest. I've never spent more than an hour narrowing hundreds of emails down to a few that still require my attention. A small price to pay to keep things from falling through the cracks, because guess who is going to get blamed when someone forgets to resend an important message to me? This example illustrates the very slippery slope we find ourselves on today. The problem is that it's really no ones business unless and until I break a law. I shouldn't have to justify may legal actions to anyone, regardless of what they do and don't understand. What about "component" or "module"? Well, maybe not "module", but I'm just brainstorming. From the second section of the Sales FAQ [0]: Alternative Payment Methods PayPal is currently the only way to purchase a license for Sublime Text. However, for most countries a PayPal account is not required; you can purchase as a guest using a credit card. Unfortunately, PayPal requires users in some countries, such as New Zealand, to create an account. [0] http://www.sublimetext.com/sales_faq I'm sure that if he were to abandon Sublime, then he'd open source it. The community is too big not to. Besides, $60 is not a bad price for something that will always be ahead of Lime's curve. In my experience, when a project starts out of the gate by riding on the success of another project, it never fully catches up. To me, it means the maintainers are not capable of creating something themselves that is their own. They will likely always rely on Sublime to come up with new features and ideas first, and then copy them. With the mindset these days, I'm surprised people didn't think it was a bomb. Beautiful! And just a future feature request for the paid version: Would it be possible to limit the bandwidth allotted to an individual application? I know it's a monitoring tool, and that would be more of an administration tool feature, but I think it could fit in with the concept. That's not what OP said. The conversion to a free account and then back is not related to the refusal to refund his money. They temporarily took away paid features, but only because they botched his cancellation/refund request. When he pointed out their confusion, they corrected it. He didn't get a refund because they have a no refund policy. It was neglect for sure, but I think it stemmed from poor communication and not malice. He requested that they cancel his premium service and refund him for the remaining duration. They cancelled the premium service, but neglected to tell him that he wouldn't get a refund. Also, this was during a time when a lot of people were trying to cancel, so I'm sure the customer service team was overloaded with this type of request. > So it behooves me to eat a quick lunch and return to work. As you stated, it's not for everyone. I went from a position with a mandatory half hour lunch to one where I had an optional lunch up to an hour long. I find that I'm much more productive when I take a full hour for lunch, and then stay an extra half hour after when I would normally leave. It really breaks up my day, and time doesn't seem to drag on towards the end of the day. It also helps that I live close to work, so I can go home and play with my dog for a while. She has really good ideas, and has helped me get through some conundrums. Not for everyone. For me, yes, at least 15 minutes, but my SO can often go out in less than 5. I never take naps for that reason, and she takes them frequently. Perhaps there's a correlation between the time it takes to fall asleep and the frequency of naps. Not to mention that, after he complied with no signs of resistance, he still gets a boot in the back from these thugs. The guy even jumps off his back foot a couple times, just to make sure his entire body weight is on him. Good thing he could hear them over the headphones, or he'd have likely been shot in the back. That's the price you pay for not resisting. I'm just curious as to why it's a bad idea? I click URLs in emails all the time. I just hover over it to make sure that the hyperlink matches the text. Is there another possible security issue that I'm missing? Very interesting. I suppose it would only affect browser based email clients, but a lot of the non-tech-savvy people I work with use the web mail client exclusively, so that is definitely an issue. Of course we've heard of phishing, but checking the actual hyperlink rules that out. Your example is an extreme edge case, and the people using those browsers have plenty of other security issues to worry about. Besides, I was genuinely curious. I know about phishing, but I don't know if you had anything else in mind. I learn a lot from the HN community. I could be wrong, but I think the "M" means thousands in this case. I know it means thousands when dealing with inventory UOMs. 100 million lines just seems like a lot, even for a code generator, and not something that would be turned over to a single team. * Always-on internet connection required I kid, but it does say "The Dyson Link app may not be available in all markets.", so I'm assuming that it will not require an internet connection to function properly. And multi-recipe meals. As it is, I either get dinner or dessert. Seeing that I have the willpower of a Kennedy, I'd be eating a full tray of brownies for dinner each night. Huge fines should be imposed for whatever footage is subpoenaed and subsequently found to be "corrupted" or "missing". That's the only way this could work, while still protecting the privacy of the citizens with which police interact. Not to mention that it's carrier exclusive. That only worked once, for the iPhone, and will likely never work that way again. Besides, AT&T has good coverage where I live, but I've heard that they are pretty bad in some metro areas, so they locked out a lot of potential customers from the start. Is there perhaps a demo or video to showcase functionality, so that I don't have to create an account to learn more? I'm specifically interested in the API functionality. We have a marketing campaign application into which we are currently building functionality to track social media posts related to a campaign. On the surface, this looks like something we could leverage instead of building it all out ourselves, but I cannot determine that from the information on the landing page. My solution is to not do any one thing every day, with the exception of common tasks, like eating and breathing. I try to do at least one thing to better myself each day, and that activity can come from a myriad of choices. Even on those days when I seemingly get nothing done, like sitting on the couch stuffing my face and watching football, I feel like I've accomplished resting myself to prepare for a more productive day tomorrow. Life's to short to worry about doing anything that you don't want to do in the moment, as long as all of your responsibilities are out of the way first. By responsibilities, I mean commitments to others, such as family, friends, and associates. If I don't feel like doing something for myself, I just don't do it, and I'm much better off for it. Just guessing, but I would say that's because "git" is only derogatory in British English, and wasn't popular (if even existent) in American English until it's use as the name of a DVCS. How do you like the Smartwatch 2? I have enough points on my Sony card to pick one up, but I'm still on the fence as to whether or not I would actually use it. If you spend your money on something that makes you happy, then it's money well spent. So, in that context, "irrational" is subjective. Thanks! I've been researching, but it's always good to hear from a hands-on real-world user. I'm not sure about the connection protocols, but it looks like it determines which side(s) each device is on by the direction that you swipe to connect them. I've sat on my Note 3 (sans any type of case) more times than I can remember, and have never even so much as scratched it. I keep my phone in my front pocket 90% of the time. However, there's been a number of times where I've been distracted, and have slipped it in my back pocket just before sitting on it, such as finishing a conversation just before getting into the car or working on something that may get my front wet, like gardening. It's a nice adrenaline rush feeling it under me all of a sudden, but, thankfully, I've never inflicted damage like that. Looks nice so far. Looking forward to the "live instance", assuming it will be a pre-populated project showing off all of the functionality. I manage multiple concurrent projects, and I don't see an overview of open issues across projects. Am I missing that, or are there plans to add that? No, no...thank you for your contribution! > I don't need or use an app to interact with any of those things, and when I have been offered apps, they've been worse than useless. A store clerk recently invited me to download their app, and when I showed her that it requested every single permission, she was still baffled as to why I would want to cancel the download. > Why can I find a shelf stocker in Target and he can use his li'l belt computer to tell me where anything is in the store, down to the shelf, and how many they have, but I can't have access to that information before I enter the store? Home Depot's mobile app will tell you exactly where an item is on the shelf, including aisle, section, and level. They even have a map so you can find items that aren't on numbered aisles. It's fantastic. I would imagine that this holds true for social media apps, but, in my experience, the browser is still king for commerce. Would this reduce the storage lifespan of the disc? Would this technique make it physically more brittle, if the current form factor is used? > holding a particular position This is the "exercise" part. Your really don't realize how much effort it takes to hold a position until after you've had to hold it for a minute or two. It's my favorite form of exercise. It's not an endorphin rush, per se, but more of an endorphin creep. Also, in my experience, The endorphin high seems to last longer than a high intensity workout. To me, it's just as good, except, different. It really sucks that it's so difficult to find a business class 17" laptop. Any suggestions? Very nice, thanks. Comparable price to the Thinkpad (my current favorite). The only think missing is the button mouse (probably the reason Thinkpads are my favorite), but I just picked up a Logitech T650 trackpad this week, and am forcing myself to get used to it, due to RSI issues. By gosh, this looks like it just might work! And some good glazed baby carrots might as well be a dessert. I interpret that as constructively figuring out ways to mitigate the stress point, instead of trying to ignore it or running from it, which is destructive, because it doesn't reduce or remove it. I use Bootstrap, because the majority of the apps that I build are for internal use within the company that I work for. The default look and feel is perfect for these utilitarian apps, and we don't have to worry about being inconsistent in our design by using it. It's just the right tool for my job. > or ask for a second one if you don't like the first That's actually very common, especially in states where you only have to pay for what you eat, so restaurants are all to happy to replace your meal if you don't like it. That being said, I understand why you are doing it the way you're doing it, thanks to your explanation. As for the price, I don't think it's the price that people would balk at, but rather, the principle - the fact that they can flat out lose their money based on someone else's whim. I think that if you figure out how to give them something for their money when a date falls through, then it would just make people feel better. I don't know what that could be though, so I'll leave it to you. While I'm here, I'll add my vote to get rid of the Facebook requirement. I'm very single and ready to mingle, but I don't do social media. One thing I learned from Alaska State Troopers is that there are charities who will come pick up Moose roadkill in Alaska and process the meat for needy families. Pretty cool. I'm curious to know how the videos stack up to the tuts+ video series [0]. (Even though I think tuts+ is ST2 only.) Have you viewed those? [0] http://code.tutsplus.com/courses/perfect-workflow-in-sublime... An older link, but: http://emacsredux.com/blog/2014/01/01/a-peek-at-emacs-24-dot... > UI design is becoming like fashion I think it's always been fashionable to have a modern UI. Just look at windows (the concept). I think the trends are just moving faster nowadays, as the tools to related to developing UIs become more accessible. I'm with you. Move advanced options to about:config, or somewhere similar. > the answer eliminates twins I don't believe so, because regardless of which child has blue eyes, it doesn't eliminate the possibility that either or both of the other children also have blue eyes. If the statement was qualified with an "only", then you could eliminate twins. This is interesting to me, as it kind of hits home. I'm more introverted than extroverted, but I can be a true extrovert when I choose to be. I grew up with the introverted face, and had trouble with relationships (friendships, really, at that age). One day in high school, a girl that I liked told me that I should smile more. I took that advice to heart, and from that day on, I told myself that I would try to smile all-the-time. Well, fast forward a couple of decades, and I can honestly say that that is the one piece of advice that has stuck with me all of these years. The results were instant and measurable. People, in general, treated me differently...better. My social awkwardness faded to but a memory. So much so, that I don't feel guilty doing introverted activities (which I do...a lot), because I know I don't have to be. Why can't we have both?[0] I'm curious to know if there are any drawbacks to the approach in the linked article. [0] http://www.hanselman.com/blog/CDNsFailButYourScriptsDontHave... This article[0] looks like it supports both (after a cursory glance): [0] http://eddmann.com/posts/providing-local-js-and-css-resource... In my personal situation, this isn't feasible, because I have a very hard time sitting in chairs where I cannot plant my feet firmly on the ground in front of me. I can only dangle my feet, or plant them underneath me, for a few minutes. After that, my back starts to hurt terribly bad, and stays that way for a while. I wish the solution was that simple for me. If I were the type of person it would work for, I would definitely go the stool/highchair route over an expensive adjustable desk. Aliexpress is where you want to go for single quantity orders. Here's just one of a few that I found there: http://www.aliexpress.com/item/Electrical-Sit-and-Stand-Heig... EDIT: Holy wow, I totally missed the shipping on that thing! Anyway, I'm sure there's more affordable options there, for those in the market. While we're being positive, I absolutely do not think Amazon would be stupid enough to shoot themselves in the foot sending all recorded data up to the cloud. I'm certain that within a few hours of release, someone will have a network monitor hooked up. Their findings will be widely known almost immediately, and this thing would be dead in the water if they were sending everything up. They know this already. Exactly. Casual conversation won't be sent up; only commands. Right, so it sends the commands that you give it only after it recognizes a pre-programmed word. It will likely not send up casual conversation surrounding the command, as there would not be a non-nefarious reason to do that. Only organic tangelos have bugs. The pause button for a live stream is the one that says "mute". ;-) Fiji is unique, because it's softened more so than others. In my opinion, it's delicious. While I normally don't buy battled water, if I must, it's Fiji, if available. Vaping and smoking are two different experiences, and eating it is yet another. IMHO, in order to properly review a strain, all routes of ingestion should be analyzed. Data visualization. Deh-tal, Doo-tal, Keh-fi, Kuh-fi, Neh-len, Nuh-len So basically, put the current value of the coins in escrow, instead of the coins themselves, in case they drop in value dramatically over time. Makes sense to me. I could see this with physical bitcoins, but the fact that these are virtual bitcoins is certainly worrisome. I'm relatively new here. While I do run across comments where people seem to be talking down to others, I see that they are mostly in the minority. That is very refreshing, compared to most other sites where intellectual conversations are taking place. I usually just chalk it up to the difficulty in conveying emotion through strictly text. In the case where it is obviously not so, it's easy enough to ignore the person. Basically, there's always going to be one or two of that guy in any conversation. I'm just happy that they're seemingly kept to a minimum on HN. Yes, because everyone that uses Gmail has been doing so for 10 years. /s While we value the knowledge you have to share with us, there are words you can choose to convey that knowledge that won't leave you coming off so brashly. Agreed. My front tire slipped to the left on wet slanted concrete. My helmet hit the ground so hard that my glasses flew off my face and were flattened upon impact. I just ended up with a little scuff and a headache. (and a broken shoulder and knuckle) There was nothing I could do to prevent the impact, as I've trained myself to pull my money makers under me in a fall and let my body take the hit (the broken finger got wrapped up in the brake lever on the way down). There was something preventative that I could do in case of an impact, and boy am I glad I did: wear a helmet. That's what the helmet is for! ;-) I used to reach out my hands when falling, but now I tuck them in and lead with my shoulder. that was my first major fall, but it's something that I would repeat to myself in my head while riding. In the aforementioned case, I was falling sideways and forwards. I suppose if I were leading with my head I would try to break the fall with my hands. I don't know; it all comes down to muscle memory, subliminal reaction, and how bad I'm freaking out at the time. I took safety one step further, and just haven't been back on the bike since. I keep saying I gotta get it fixed up and start riding again, but I'm not in too much of a hurry. I got a recumbent stationary bike for the house, and I ride that in front of Netflix. I actually ride now more than I ever did! On a side note, I've actually been thinking of taking up martial arts training. For what it's worth, I found the quip to be funny. I also found it to be appropriate in the context, as anyone who has braved the Black Friday crowd would (only once - lesson learned). But then again, I'm also one of those old curmudgeons who think that everybody gets their panties in a twist way to easily these days. Why would you think anyone else is beneath you? I'm sorry that you feel privileged in some way because you are white, but everyone is created equal, regardless of race. You'll be a happier person if you live and let live, instead of letting people annoy you so easily. The modal design is purely subjective. I think they did a fine job. It's great for the purpose, because it's uncluttered, has clear prompts, and has useful placeholders. IMHO, anything else would just be fluff that gets in the way of the UX. I missed those the first time around, because my gaze was focused on the form and it's container. You're right, that should be addressed. I would imagine addressing the scroll bar issue would resolve the cut off text as well. It looks like something that wasn't a priority for roll-out, because it doesn't really affect UX so much, but I do think it's something that needs to be fixed in the next release. I would imagine that the "living with a parent" trend correlates with the "foreign born" trend. From what I've heard about other cultures outside of the US, it's common for a child to live with a parent up until they get married. Maybe I'm weird, but I feel slightly offended if a vendor is not offering their lowest price to begin with. A lower price from a different vendor doesn't bother me, but knowing that someone else can pay a lower price for the same product from the same vendor just irks me a little. Especially in these times of fierce pricing competition. It just feels disingenuous. Of course, this is just from this consumer's point of view. I can see the added value to the vendor, but since I'm only a consumer, it is only the consumers' perspective that affects me. That makes sense. But this quote from the article made me think that they may leave it open as an option for other types of vendors: "and for sellers looking to communicate and negotiate directly with customers in an online marketplace environment just like they do normally in their own physical store or gallery" I'm certainly in the (b) category. I don't have to have most things right away. I have a list of things that check pricing on frequently, and when the price is right, I buy. Sometimes I never buy because the price never meets the threshold. Of course, that's only for things I desire, and don't necessarily need. Of course, as morley pointed out in a separate reply, this seems like it may only be limited to art and memorabilia, which tend not to have a set value. If limited to these types of items, then Amazon's approach may make sense. Makes sense. Another great use case that I didn't think of. > physical store I've always heard that Special K is a dissociative, not a hallucinogen. This has been confirmed with my experience with it as well. It's the only drug I've every tried where I can float above myself and look down on my body, but I've never seen anything that really wasn't there, no matter how much I've taken. I don't know that it isn't a hallucinogen, but I've always heard that it's not. Although, I wouldn't consider an out-of-body experience a hallucination, because it's not adding anything to the scene. I think it's more of a perspective shift, based on what you already know about yourself and your surroundings. I wonder if it could be experienced by someone who has (hypothetically) never looked at themselves in a mirror, or someone who is blindfolded and moved into a different setting that they were not previously familiar with. I've experienced plenty of hallucinations, and the out-of-body experience from K was dramatically different for me. If felt more like a dream state, rather than a mostly normal state where my eyes were playing tricks on me (LSD and the like). Cool. Thanks for the clarification. Whatever it is, it sure is "special". (in a good way) Torrent files brought the power of Usenet to the masses through ease of use and a total HTTP based solution (i.e. not having to pay extra for a separate Usenet account). I don't think connection speed had as much to do with anything, but the sheer number of new file sharers thrust torrents into the limelight. Dvorak users love a challenge; That's why they're Dvorak users. I actually don't mind ads anymore - more specifically, targeted ads - as long as they don't auto-play sound or get in the way. I'd rather see a few non-intrusive ads relevant to my interests, instead of paying for content myself. I used to find ads annoying and intrusive. Maybe I'm becoming subliminally subservient to my advertising overlords, but I like to think it's the targeting that makes a difference. Also, the fact that they've become less intrusive, and I have the option to skip ads not relevant to my interests. There's a pizza chain that does this for online orders, and it drives me crazy. I don't tip until after service is rendered, because tipping ahead of time insures nothing. There's no place to put a custom note on the order either, so I have to order by phone. It's good for them that they have great pizza, because I'm sure this turns off a lot of potential customers, but not me. Prompt service ensures a good tip. The driver will get paid either way, and he'll get tipped either way. However, since the tip reflects the quality of the service, the amount cannot be determined ahead of time. I'd never stiff the driver though, regardless of how bad the service is. > I don’t think your assumption holds for repeat interactions. I would agree with that. However, I don't order enough pizza to be a "known" customer. If I had a rapport with a particular service vendor, I wouldn't mind tipping up front, provided that they have demonstrated a consistently high level of service prior. > my boss got mad many times because I NEVER checked my voice mails I had that problem too. Now, the company phone system emails voice messages left on voice mail. It's very effective, and I never miss a voice message now. I like to think they did that because of me (but probably not). My LG W2242P does it for a range where the bars are at there thinnest. When they start getting close to thinnest, it gets higher pitched, and then reverses when they start to thicken again. I've tried all kinds of diets, including time restricted eating, I've eventually failed at all of them for various reasons, or succeeded, but was unable to enjoy keeping the lifestyle. Enter the portion control diet. This is the only diet that I've been successful with, and I've been doing it for just over a year now. The reason I'm able to sustain it, is because I can eat whatever I want. For example, I eat ice cream every night if I want, but only a scoop, and when I go out to eat, I split my entree and take half home. The only caveat is that I try my best not to eat processed food; if I can't make it at home with whole ingredients, then I will likely not eat it. I can now look at a plate of food an know exactly how much will fill me up (this took a while). So, even when I don't leave the table feeling full, I know I'll feel satisfied within 15 minutes. I used to love the feeling of being overstuffed, but now I just feel sick when I overeat, and I don't enjoy it. I've lost over 30 lbs in the past year using the portion control method. It's not a lot, but it's a healthy reduction, and one that I know I can sustain. I know everyone is different when it comes to dieting, both mentally and physically, but I just wanted to share my experience with the most successful diet I've ever undertaken. I hope someone else can benefit from my anecdote. Thanks for the warning. I feel that I'm out of "the momentum phase", because I've never maintained a diet for over a year, until now. However, I realize that I may be deluding myself on that point. I think that the key to my success is eliminating all but portion control. I don't count calories, or anything else that would make more work for me. All of those things are the things that would make my diet cease to work over time. Now I eat whatever I want, but keep processed foods to an absolute minimum. Growing up, my nickname used to be "Trashcan", because I would finish everything on my plate, and then eat whatever my dining partners didn't from their plate. I still do, but I take it as leftovers, and eat it for breakfast or lunch the next day. I used to relish being stuffed to the point where I couldn't move. I still very occasionally overeat, but now it's more of a sick feeling that I despise. Let me preface this by admitting that, outside of work related tasks, I'm extremely lazy. I mean, so lazy that I have to set a reminder on my phone just to check my to-do list for the day. That being said, I haven't tried calorie counting in years, but the problem was that I was just too lazy to look up each item, guess the weight, and calculate the calories. I think I had a Palm Treo at the time, and was using something on that to track things, but I would always forget to enter the calories. Basically, after years of figuring myself out, I think I "know thyself" enough to know that that won't work. I do have a knack for remembering non-time-related things, so I've leveraged that to just remember portions. I can look at a plate, and know exactly how much to eat so that I will feel full 15 minutes later after I stop eating. I don't worry about the calories, just the ingredients, so limited processed food. > Angst has creative perks. I've experienced this myself, although not out of depression or sadness, but fear and anxiety. For instance, writing an entire paper for class the night before it's due, and somehow pulling off a good grade. I've always just told myself that I'm not creative until I have to be. Or perhaps, to be creative, you simply have to be inspired. Win+L in windows, which can be difficult with an ergonomic keyboard with only a left Win key, because you have to use two hands (or be very lanky and limber). Does anyone know of an easier way? Everytime I get up from my desk, so once or twice per hour. Usually, I already have something in one hand, like a pad or cup of coffee. I'm no good with macros, but the start+arrow idea is great. For me it's only one more keypress, but I can do it all with one hand. Funny thing is, I use that combo at home to put my home computer to sleep, because I don't leave that running in between sessions. Thanks for the tip that I should have known already! > using the off hand modifier key is the correct way to type anyway Please elaborate. > I can't imagine anything easier than Meta-L It's very easy when you don't already have a cup of coffee in your hand on the way to a meeting. I'd probably rather them have no evidence and accuse me of destroying it, than for them to have evidence. 12 Hours of Sebring 2013 - four days off. The coverage in the area was better last year, but before that it was almost non-existent. Unless, of course, you pay the ridiculous fee for spotty track wi-fi that barely worked even when you were connected. We use The Bug Genie[0] with great success. It's a little quirky out of the box, but it is easy to overcome the quirks, because it's so configurable. [0] http://thebuggenie.com/ > they killed Google Calendar Sync Just FYI, GO Contact Sync Mod[0] works very well for me as a replacement for Calendar Sync. [0] http://googlesyncmod.sourceforge.net/ The mouth(?) is so geometric and symmetrical that it almost looks man-made. I want to plug my headphones into it. One simple thing that I've found to help me write comments of all types in a positive and unoffensive manner is to simply proof read the comment before posting. I re-read all of my comments aloud in my head, and make necessary adjustments before hitting the submit button. I find that emotion and enthusiasm can lead to gratuitous negativity without even realizing it, as those things don't always translate well to plain text. Aside from posts, this applies to emails and texts. Since I started this, I am almost never accused of coming across in a negative tone, even when I want to convey disappointment or other negative emotions. There's usually always a way to craft it so that it's perceived as constructive criticisms, and thus, well received. Write with emotion, and proof read without. As a bonus, I rarely make spelling or grammatical errors, except occasionally out of ignorance. It would be nice if you could simply drag the modal once it's rendered. I think that would be the most simple solution. Nice! I'm curious to know if you could get those front inside legs out of the way without sacrificing support. Maybe rig it so that they go across and connect to each other, forming a keyboard tray or shelf or something. I see a lot of toe hitting, especially while wearing those flip-flops in the corner. Also, don't forget the standing mat. You wouldn't want her to get varicose veins now, would you? Complex tables? You could use a WYSIWYG HTML editor to quickly create them, and then use this to convert to MD. That's the only thing I can think of. > had a couple inky experiences with bics. Well, there's your problem right there. You melt the cap clip, not the pen, silly! The offset cap gives you some nice leverage. > No one uses bike helmets in Berlin, because Berlin is safe for bicycles That's not why people don't wear helmets there, and that's not a reason to not wear one. I would have been in a world of hurt if I didn't have a helmet on when I fell. No cars, people, or other moving object were anywhere near me. My tire hit a slippery patch as I was turning, and I went over sideways. I broke my shoulder and my hand, and my head hit the ground so hard that my glasses flattened out on the pavement. I considered myself lucky that I didn't have a head injury, aside from my bell being rung - hard. Wear a helmet. They not only save you from dangerous environmental situations, but they save you from yourself. http://blog.ycombinator.com/new-hacker-news-guideline If what I said pisses you off, then you have bigger issues to work on. I'm over 40, but the only way people can tell is from the grey in my hair. I've been successfully compensating for that through my less-than-mature personality. I'm a recently converted, multi-decade, trackpoing evangelist as well. I loved it on my Dell laptop from a decade ago, that I insisted on a ThinkPad when I started my current job. However, that one bit the dust, and modern ThinkPads just aren't up to my modern standards. I just got a Dell M3800, and, while it doesn't have a trackpoint, it does have one of the finest trackpads I've ever used. Almost as good as a Mac trackpad, and just as good as my Logitech T650. I use it almost exclusively now, and, after a few weeks to get acclimated, I'm just as productive with it. The proximity to the keyboard is perfect for me. I recommend giving it a shot, if you ever cannot get your hands on a laptop with a trackpoint. I do. I go about once a month to have a sausage, egg, and cheese biscuit for breakfast. It's a guilty pleasure of mine, and it's dee-licious. A McChicken with cheese is another one on my guilty pleasure list. Regarding your second bullet point, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement now investigates Miami-Dade County police shooting, instead of the agency investigating itself.[0] There's a step in the right direction. [0] http://www.miamiherald.com/news/local/community/miami-dade/a... It doesn't matter how much you can buy it for. What matters is how much you'll pay for mortgage + property taxes + maintenance + insurance. A lesson that I admittedly learned the hard way when purchasing my home. For the future, or maybe you know by now, you are not required to carry an ID while walking anywhere in public. However, you are required to identify yourself in most places, if asked by an officer of the law, usually by giving your full name. > Sometimes, though, not actively thinking about something let's the brain sort everything out, and the right solution kind of emerges on it's own. This is the only thing I miss about cigarettes. Myriad solutions came from cigarette breaks. I know that other types of breaks work just as well, but it was just something about that specific type. For what it's worth, I just got a Dell M3800, and couldn't be happier with it. While I do miss the trackpoint on my Thinkpad, the trackpad on the M3800 is one of the finest I've used on any laptop ever. Only second to the Macbook trackpad and Logitech T650 (which I consider equally as good as one another). Other than that, it's light, sturdy, and the 4k screen is magnificent. From the description: "Best Viewed in Chrome Browser" Using Chrome, it works as intended for me. How right you are. I have a friend whose been on Suboxone for years. First thing she does when she gets her prescription is sell it or shoot it. I have no idea how to help her anymore (as if I ever did). Her ex was the same way. It's just sped up, but that does give it a stop motion effect. The playback speed factor of each segment is in the bottom right corner. Run hot water through both ways (flip the razor while rinsing). Hold the razor at an angle, so that the water runs straight through the blades. Do this after every 2-4 strokes to prevent hair build up, and give you a nice warm, clean razor each time it touches your face. (Mach 3 user for as long as I can remember.) This works wonders for preservation (both sharpness and rust). You can also sharpen them by running it backwards on an old strip of denim a few times before each shave. Two hands and an electric mixer is all that's required. However, using it before it spoils is the hard part (for someone like me, who cooks for one). With that ingredient list, they should call it "Not Mayo". Just like a grilled turkey, swiss, and coleslaw on rye is not a Reuben, no matter how many times they call it that. I didn't get a paywall, but here's the Google cache version for you, if you want to read the whole article (someone else summarized for you already): http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://... > Tons of existing flash content people want to access Plus some existing flash content people need to access, such as Flex apps developed for internal use by businesses that have no intention of shelling out the cash to replace them. I do the buying all the same thing for the new, but I don't throw out the old. They go into reserve for when nothing else is clean. I keep them in a separate drawer. Sounds like you got stuck on indicas when you needed some sativas. Indicas will stick you to the couch, but sativas are more uplifting. For instance, some nice sativa before a workout will yield a more intense workout. That being said, you know what's best for you, and you really are better off without it. I would guess that they are scanned on a high-end scanner (drum scanner maybe), and then possibly (probably) retouched. > If an employer felt it was a problem ... they need to find another deadline or another developer. Be careful of this attitude nowadays. There's lots of people getting into software development these days, and there's lots that will work for less money than you. There's also a lot of managers that would love to pay someone less, regardless of their quality. I know it's always been that way to some degree, but the problem seems to be growing exponentially as the years go on and more "developers" flood the market fresh out of school and racked with debt. I thoroughly agree with your statement. However, it seems that there's a lot of managers who are okay with mediocrity if it increases the bottom line. Same here. A certain amount of pressure will allow water to penetrate the seal (e.g. submersion), but it will hold up if it just gets wet. USPS delivers my Amazon packages on Sundays for a while now. I love it. I just wish more items were available for Sunday delivery. I suppose it won't be long now though. Unfortunately, you can't switch them in every bios. I just ditched my SL510, but had to suffer with it for years. I tried everything to fix it, but to no avail. If I recall, it's not even a key that keyboard binding/remapping programs recognize, so I couldn't even remap it with 3rd party software. Ruined an otherwise perfect laptop keyboard. I would imagine that they're using some pretty strong magnets to hold it closed, although I can see small sharp objects, like keys, sliding in from the sides. > Posted 10/17/2015, 8:00:00 PM Likely adjusted for timezone. EST here. I have a developer who can show a marked difference in performance between VMWare Fusion (paid) and VirtualBox (free) running Windows 7 on OSX. Same Windows ISO used to install both, and both running on the same hardware and OS, with exact VM configs (as close a you can get between the two). I'm talking a night-and-day difference - VMWare Fusion is usable, but VirtualBox is not. After reading your comment, and admittedly not knowing much about hypervisors (yet), I am genuinely curious as to what else could be causing this drastic difference in performance, if not for the hypervisor itself. Any ideas? Unfortunately, most companies think that they own you 24/7 as soon as they put you on salary. To them, you are getting paid for it. A guy at my job got written up for not responding to emails on vacation, even though he had an autoresponder directing people to his boss, and told everyone ahead of time that he'd be dark for a few days. Management's excuse is that you are 24/7 unless it's otherwise defined in your employment contract, and they won't ever put set hours into an employment contract. I would look for a new job, and as a matter of fact, I did. When they found out I was looking (saw my resume on a job board), they compensated me to the point where I don't mind checking my email at odd hours. I was ready to leave, and I wasn't going to tell them or hold them hostage for an increase, so it worked out well for me, and I didn't feel like a salary blackmailer. It's a cushy job, and I've been here for over a decade, so I was relieved in a way (I don't like change). > E-Cigarettes are on the road to being banned indoors 1) That's pretty much unenforceable. If you take a hit and hold it in for 10 seconds, then no vapor is exhaled. I use mine in movie theaters, and no one is the wiser. > The lungs do not 100% process all of the chemicals being inhaled 2) See #1. Not open source or free ($14.95), but MarkdownPad Pro[0] has a PDF export feature. [0] https://markdownpad.com/buy.html With the exception of Atom, aren't those all just text editors when not extended? (Another serious question; I don't know for sure.) If so, what would be the extra baggage beyond a markdown only editor? Had the same thing happen when I broke my hand. The first doctor wanted to fill it with metal. A second opinion with a more conservative doctor caused me to avoid that surgery, and it healed just fine. I encountered the same egregious attitude when cancelling the appointment. It made me realize all the more that it was a attempted money grab, with no real concern for my wellbeing. It was quite the learning experience. I will now never not get a second opinion. I have a Dell M3800 that was purchased in March and has this cert. I am not well versed in this area. What do I do? Can I just delete it from the "Certificates" snap-in in MMC? (And should I?) I'm replying to my own comment, because I can no longer edit it. This is a response that I received from reddit [0]. I haven't attempted it yet, but I wanted to include it here for completeness (and opinions): > You can safely delete it from both the root and personal certificate stores. You will also need to remove the eDell plugin entirely otherwise the certificate will simply be reinstalled. If you have "Dell Foundation Services" listed in your programs you can uninstall it, otherwise you'll need to look for "Dell.Foundation.Agent.Plugins.eDell.dll" and delete it. [0] https://www.reddit.com/r/tech/comments/3tzwuv/dell_does_a_su... I'm lucky to have found (d) a very good doctor with good morals who's on my insurance. This was years ago, and I've since moved away, but have developed some RSI issues in my other hand. I drive three cities over to still see him, because the peace of mind is worth it to me. Here's the removal process from dell (PDF): https://dellupdater.dell.com/Downloads/APP009/eDellRootCerti... The ability to show all events for the current day in the Today Pane. It only shows events at or past the current time. I've looked everywhere for an option. Python (ST) vs. Java (Eclipse, IntelliJ)? I really don't know. I'm just speculating based on what I've read about both languages. Pedantic, but "Why you fail, that is." I rarely ever finished games, but No One Lives Forever 1 & 2 were an exception. Never did play (or even heard of) Contract Jack though. Sadly, RSI will prevent me from giving that one a go. Actually, according to your comment above, we're talking about "the politicians supporting drug control". Those same politicians support treating drug addiction as a crime, rather than a disease, thereby placing a stigma on addicts who want to get help. Some addicts that go without the help they need due to this unnecessary stigma are the ones that end up contributing to the overdose statistic that you mentioned. The politicians supporting prohibition are the bad guys, for this and other reasons, such as continuing to waste taxpayer dollars on a failed drug war. The same drug war that feeds the pockets of the drug traffickers. The same drug traffickers that require militarized police forces to fight against. The same militarized police forces that require tax payer dollars to pay for. The same tax payer dollars that could be used to treat addicts and reduce the overdose statistics. There was this one time that I suggested cross-training to reduce the bus factor, and management went with it. I was being sincere, but I have to admit that it was amusing watching everyone think they were going to be laid off when we implemented it. I like my office, and I don't feel that it adds any additional barriers over a cubicle, unless I want it to. I like initiating communication with chat or email, with the option of an impromptu face-to-face meeting if necessary, or the option of being able to defer that meeting when I need to focus. I keep my door open when I don't mind a visitor (like a cubicle), but I can close my door to indicate to people that I am in focus-mode and should not be disturbed. I didn't have that choice with a cubicle, because anyone could walk up at any time and cause me to shift that focus. The office also makes for a good place for uninterrupted collaboration when the meeting requires it, which is something else you don't get with a cubicle. Neat! Here I thought I was sufficiently inland in South Florida. I never even considered that the Everglades would flood me out before the Atlantic did. Heck, my parents house near the beach would fare better than mine near the Everglades, and those lucky dogs would get beachfront property while mine was completely underwater! > It's time for Gov't IT to learn open source tools. Would there be enforceable accountability with this approach? (Not that there's much now.) > you could ask everybody to walk That assumes that everyone is capable of walking on an escalator. I, for one, am not. I get vertigo, and am on the brink of a panic attack for the entire duration of my ride. I can barely step on one, let alone walk, particularly when going down. I do look for an elevator whenever possible, but there are times when one is not available and I have to work myself up to the task. I have to grip the handrail with both hands, and focus on a point on the steps themselves. I'm sure there other issues that people have - like being able to walk but not climb - that would prevent them from being able to walk. Therefore, it's best to have the option to stand on one side and walk on the other. Honestly, I don't know. The anxiety overtakes me to the point where I can barely communicate with the people I know, mush less those I don't. Also, once I'm on, I'm frozen. I've worked up all my nerve just to get on, so I couldn't see myself turning around. As I say, I try to avoid the escalator, if nothing other than to be courteous. However, sometimes I use it out of courtesy as well, such as when I'm with a group of friends, and don't want them to have to wait on me. When I do need to use it, I've developed a pretty good system of keeping the anxiety in check - sort of a deer in the headlights approach, where my gaze is focused on my shoes. That's not her problem. She's her own worst enemy. > help me salvage my original Instagram photos, pre-hacked, despite Instagram serving as my Photography portfolio and my career is a Photographer. In the context of the article, and made clear in the first paragraph, it was definitely the author's dream job. To paraphrase my Cardiologist, "Don't smoke it. The jury is still out on vaping, so you shouldn't do that either. But you can eat all you want." It is absolutely harmful to smoke it. Agreed, but you were responding to a comment that was implicitly referring to smoking it. Smoking was the context of the "Isn't it harmful?" question you were answering. It's responsible to clarify your answer, since the commentor was requesting enlightenment. My Dell M3800 has everything a MBP has, including the aluminum enclosure and Thunderbolt port, and more, such as 15.6 4K touchscreen and multiple USB ports. Oh, and it's also repairable. I don't know about self-repairable...yet. Mine's still under warranty, but that's almost up and I haven't had to use it. I do use it plugged in most of the time, but I suspect that the review is spot on with the battery life. I maybe get a little more since I don't do much in the way of video, and I have my screen dimmed and my CPU in passive cooling mode. I get 5-6 hours with Windows 8.1. I have a dimmed screen and passive CPU cooling when on battery, and I don't do much video. I have no children running around my house, but I still lack the discipline to work from home effectively. That "separation of space" helps to keep me focused. That's just me personally, and I know plenty of people that are effective working form home, but I just procrastinate and distract myself. I am my own interruption. Did they who filed the letter ask? If they asked and didn't get a reply to the effect of "we're working on it", then I can see your point. If they didn't ask, well then that's on them. I not finding any stories about them asking about what's going on and not receiving a reply, so I'll assume the latter, since I'm sure the former would have been posted about. I have no problem telling a customer that something along the same lines as a previous project will be more expensive today, because it was initially underestimated and I ate the additional cost. They realize they got a bargain the first time, and I don't have to eat the same costs to keep the customer. Of course, starting from the first project, I work very hard on building a trustful relationship to support such a claim. > Could this be explained by technical people using more ad-blockers? I don't know, but I wouldn't think so. I don't use ad-blockers (never have), and I don't click many ads. I go around them or close them, but for the most part have learned to ignore them. The only ads I click on are targeted ads that are relevant to my interests. I would think that technical people are less likely to be duped into clicking them, but I wouldn't attribute it to ad-blockers. That's what I love about most of the Logitech Harmony remotes. They have the touchscreen for things like switching between activities and devices, where you could have more than fit on a single screen (paginated). Then they have hard buttons for device/activity specific functions (all illuminated on some versions). Sure they have their own problems (for some), but I think they do a great job of combining the hard and soft buttons. > For example, a bus line may prohibit payment of fares in pennies or dollar bills. In addition, movie theaters, convenience stores and gas stations may refuse to accept large denomination currency (usually notes above $20) as a matter of policy. These are all examples where payment is being offered before service is rendered. OP is referring to instances where payment is being collected for services already rendered (i.e. debts). OP qualified it with "Once services have been rendered", so OP's interpretation is exactly correct in that context. > Why is it telling me I created a new account instead of logging me into my existing account? > Email addresses on Medium are case-sensitive. Wow. Is there ever any possible benefit to this? (Serious question) Hmmm...right you are. Thanks. I guess I never thought to look that up. Likely due to the common way being so pervasive. > The local-part of a mailbox MUST BE treated as case sensitive. [0] [0] https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2821.txt I see it too. There's another one a few images previous with a similar issue. (titled "Woman holding Nokia Lumina") > expensive I pay ~$0.50/day for the peace of mind that I can call the police from any major room in my house, whether or not my cell phone is near me, or even has a charged battery for that matter. Also, that emergency services would immediately know my address when calling from my landline, so I could do as little as just call and hang up to get them there in an emergency. There are many benefits to maintaining a landline, and (cheap) cost is one of them. I did not know that, but I will certainly check into it. Thank you. I'm pretty sure that they updated her to ignore those. At least, mine doesn't seem to respond to them anymore. She lights up blue to listen, but then goes back to sleep without action. Could be a mere coincidence though, but she still responds to other things on the TV (like Alexi's name from House of Cards). It was like a dad joke: funny at first, but annoying after a while. There's no way to comment on the website directly, so I think they are requesting that comments be submitted via email. I found this towards the bottom: > Contact Information: > (individual) John Gruber " rel="nofollow">http://daringfireball.net/> > You're probably right. I admittedly just searched for the word "comment". I've used mine in a similar fashion on many occasions. However, I have more of a death-grip on it, where I rest it over my forearm horizontally, and grab the right side of the base with my left hand. It appears that there may be an issue with just their blog. The main site[0], and most of its links, works for me. [0] https://www.arqbackup.com/ Why would you be scared? The keyword(s) is processed locally, and it only sends the request following the keyword over the wire. If they tried anything fishy, such as sending everything it hears over the wire, then they would be outed within a day. I may be in the minority, but I bought three years ago, and have never regretted it. Not only did I get way more value and luxury for my money than I would have by renting, but I'm on track nearly double my investment in a few more years. My only regret is that I ever rented in the first place. My point is that, like any investment, it can be profitable if done patiently and properly. EDIT: I just wanted to add that I have since looked into renting out my house, and downsizing by renting an apartment, but I couldn't even get a two bedroom apartment in a decent neighborhood for the cost of my mortgage. Thanks, that was very helpful! Also reassuring, considering that my rent-is-better number came up lower than a studio apartment near my job would be. Pedantic, but should be "capital cities", instead of "major cities". How would you classify them? (genuinely curious) Everything they offer centers around consumerism, and separating your money from your wallet in exchange for some product or service. Even things that don't quite fit into that category (the tech stuff) are ultimately there to facilitate the purchasing of said goods and services. I suppose that is so. I meant more in the sense that all of the tech they develop makes it easier for consumers to consume other products and services. Their tech isn't an "end game". I.e. They're not making things like smart fridges, rc cars, and etc. (Yet - unless that smart fridge allows you to order the products they sell and watch their streaming video in the kitchen.) All (maybe most?) of their tech products facilitate the purchase of the products made by other companies, whether it be allowing the consumer to purchase things easier, or enhancing their fulfillment process to get the products to the consumer faster. I guess I was more debating the fact that some like to classify them as a predominantly tech company, but I neglected to actually say that. Even though Node isn't a framework (it's a cross-platform, runtime environment), it is used a base for application development. However, over time, things are changed and improved, but that breaks some of the API functionality upon which some existing applications are already built around. Since these applications still run fine with a previous version, they are not likely to be constantly updated to work with later versions. Therefore, previous versions are still offered to maintain compatibility with applications that have already been developed. However, if you're starting work on a new Node application, then you are better off using the latest version. As a person who works in manufacturing, and only develops internal and B2B applications to automate processes, I'm right there with you. I use Balsamiq, and I quite like it. It is a wireframe tool, but also more. My typical workflow is to do the wireframe and get it approved, import images into the wireframe to turn it into a mockup and get that approved, then use the mockup to implmenent the prototype. I like that I can simulate functionality in the wireframe and mockup. In fact, I typically don't even know how I will implement the prototype until the mockup is complete with simulated functionality, because that's what I'll use to determine the implementation (for new projects only, of course). https://kite.com/ You sign up for an invitation. I am curious to know how long that invite typically takes. I just signed up about an hour ago. That was the only thing cigarettes were ever good for! Back when I smoked, if I was stuck on something, I would go have a cigarette. Most of the time I would have the answer (or at least a hint) when I came back in. Some say that nicotine temporarily increases brain function, so I just chalked it up to that. My entire Prepress department does. Granted, we use DAM systems instead of cloud storage, but some are over the wire. Some assets can easily reach 10GB or more (each). I've had people come out to my house and quote me on a project. I've then called them back and told them that it was out of my budget, to which they've then quoted me a cheaper price, hoping that it's within my budget. I've then told them that they should have given me their best price from the start, and I can no longer trust them, because they've already lied to me once. This happens more often than not, and I usually eventually find someone to quote me a price within my budget on the first visit. I understand that that is typically how business is done, or more specifically haggling, but I don't want to haggle. Even if it is outside of my budget, I'll postpone the project until I get the money, and then call back whichever vendor didn't budge on price the first time (and had the lowest price, of course). As I said, I do understand that. However (and I should have noted this in my original comment), I always tell them up front that I don't like to haggle, and would like their best possible price up front. I also tell them that I am comparing it with at least two other vendors (I always get at least three estimates). Therefore, when they do reduce it, they were lying the first time. I am always very honest with them, and expect the same. Heck, I don't even hesitate to pay them when they screw something up. I pay them promptly, and then hope they will do the right thing. While items and services don't have a "real" price, they do have a "best" price. EDIT: I'd also like to add that, while the article focuses on consumer pricing, I am different when it comes to B2B pricing. E.g. I would quote a successful law firm more than a mom-and-pop shop for consulting services. Back when I was an entrepreneur, I actually lost a couple of contracts because my quotes were too low. Perhaps the FilteReddit[0] feature (under Filters) of RES is what you're looking for? [0] http://redditenhancementsuite.com/features.html Oops, missed the "without". Innocent mistake. That, I don't know. I'm apparently in the minority, but, after reading the article, I still maintain that there is never a reason to steal from your fellow man. The potential for abuse due to hunger being subjective notwithstanding, there are social programs in place to accommodate the needy. Do they not have these programs in Italy? I am a very compassionate, empathetic (to a fault) person, but I just don't see the justification for the theft. Ask me for help, and I'm there, but please don't steal from me and think that it's okay. I am, however, open to enlightenment. I usually don't have cash, but if someone comes up to me in a parking lot of a store, I offer to take them in and purchase food for them on my credit card. They sometimes accept the offer, but the majority don't. As another comment mentioned, it appears that it's already had its candy[0]. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mister_Splashy_Pants I go for one 5oz Chobani for protein (12g), and one pack Quaker High Fiber (10g + 4g protein) instant oatmeal. Total 290 calories, and it keeps me going for hours without wanting more (with coffee, of course). I don't track carbs, only portions, but it's (only?) 23g sugar. I sometimes almost forget to eat lunch. And yes, it is great! It's a clear and concise notice that both explains the issue, and warns about the implications, in less than three sentences. To me, it's perfectly appropriate. If you're in the 5%, then you're done grokking the notice, and you can move on however you choose. If you're in the 95%, then you have all of the keywords with which to do your due diligence before proceeding. > who does that? The person(s) who decided that "using Android Studio today is almost mandatory". > while (if I recall correctly) decoupling it from the underlying physical machine it's running on > Urbit is a new clean-slate, full-stack server. It's implemented on top of the old platform, but it's a sealed sandbox like the browser.[0] It appears that you do indeed recall directly. Also, thank you. The two quotes from your comment, plus your sentence following, do describe it in a nice single paragraph. Granted, I do have to research most of the technologies in the stack, admittedly. [0] https://urbit.org/#learn B2B is generally quite a bit more expensive than B2C, and services are only worth what the market will bear. I would imagine that they did some sort of market research, and found that to be a competitive price. As for why it's a competitive price - well, it's what businesses are willing to pay at the moment. > But if the human hasn't actually flown in months or years the'll likely be kind of rusty. Along the same lines: I work in manufacturing, and design systems to automate processes. "What is the current, manual process?" is the first thing I ask for when beginning a new project. I then try to design the automated system, so that the manual process can be used as a fallback should any part of the automated system fail. What happens when we have a network outage or something similar? The people involved suddenly forget the manual processes that they had used for years, and sit around twiddling their thumbs and calling IT every 5 minutes asking when the system will be back up. They respect me and I respect them, and I'm far from elegant, so I'm not really sure how you inferred any of that. I just find it funny how fast they forget processes that they did everyday for years, after relying on the automation - just like the pilots in the story I was relating to. I'm the one that has to remind them what their manual processes were, which is why I ask the question and document the response first and foremost. I wonder how the stats and facts in this article would compare to other developed countries. I know it's not a comparison article, but more of a call to action for America, written by Americans, but I would still be interested in the comparison. Especially, since they mention a couple of world-wide examples in the Darwin Awards and reddit. We have a client that needs to know up front what things will cost, so that it can be budgeted, and the budget approved. They get a SOW (as tight as we can get it), and an estimate (which, to them, is a quote). The estimate is whatever the developers have estimated the tasks to be, multiplied by three. It seems to cover us in most cases, and the client happily pays. I've had similar experiences to OPs with older Bluetooth mice and keyboards, so I was reluctant to try the Logitech MX Master. The only reason I did was because it offered the optional Unifying receiver. Well, I haven't used that receiver yet, because the Bluetooth was very easy to pair, and I haven't had a single connection issue (delay or otherwise) yet. This thing has restored my faith in Bluetooth devices, when done right. I'm not familiar with James Grosjean, nor am I a gambler, but I would guess that James became addicted to gambling, and then used his intellect and education to make money doing what he loved. While the details of this paper are above my head, I can say that, having spent years playing Tribes II, it was one of the smoothest online multiplayer experiences I've ever witnessed. At the time, it seemed very ahead of its time, compared to other online multiplayer games of the era. And even on relatively slow internet connections, like four players in one room on a 1.5Mbps DSL connection! That would be up to the browser's context menu functionality, wouldn't it? I really don't know, but if so, a sub-menu item (or whatever the links are called below the post title) would be sufficient for me. Flappy Bird is still more popular than I imagined. I went to Dave and Buster's for my nephew's birthday, and there was an arcade version of the game there, with a ~2' wide by ~4' tall screen. People were happily paying good money to repeatedly press the single button on the console. In fact, I was surprised to see quite a few popular mobile games offered up in arcade format there, with people playing them. Concretehenge? If you survive a blast at ground level, you survive. If you survive a blast at 39,000 feet, your problems are just beginning. As with anything, I think material design can be done right or wrong. I don't like completely flat designs, and I don't like actionable objects that aren't immediately apparent as actionable. I do, however, like the overall look, as long as the functionality is done right. One of my peeves is that it's sometimes hard to create business dashboards with high information density, since a lot of the material frameworks love their padding out of the box. This sounds like it could be a diet thing. Have you tried eating different things for lunch to see if that affects your mid-afternoon mood? Unfortunately, I don't. I tried many different diets, but they either didn't work, or weren't sustainable. I settled on two rules, lost 50+ lbs, and have been able to sustain it for a few years now. My rules are (1) don't overeat, and (2) don't eat processed foods. It took a few months before I figured out what my portions were, since I don't feel full until about 15-20 minutes after I am. By the time I knew how much I needed to eat in one sitting, I'd become used to eating that amount, so it was a breeze. I do eat whatever I want, with the exception of processed foods. If I can't make it at home with whole ingredients, I'll likely not eat it. I do cheat every so often, but not much, and not a large amount (I love a box of Raisinettes during a movie.) As for not being able to think straight after lunch, I used to get that way when I'd eat too much. I used to love feeling full, but it would definitely affect brain function. Now, I get ill when I overeat. I also try to eat a high protein, high fiber breakfast, because it seems to get me further through the day than anything else (I eat a small late lunch). Funny you should use eggs as an example. I do feel too full after 3 eggs, but just right after 2. Unless I'm eating just eggs, in which case 3 is just right. Or unless I'm making an omelette, which is almost impossible with just two eggs. In that case, my dog gets a good part of one of those eggs. As I say, it did take a few months. I also needed to eat a little slower - I was a fast eater of big meals. Mostly just experimentation and willpower - you have to get used to waiting to feel full. I go by the two fist rule: your stomach's about as big as your two fists put together. My family also likes to go out to eat a lot . I ask for a box as soon as the food comes, and put half of the food in it. I used to finish the other half, but now I'll usually end up adding a bit to the to-go, and making two meals out of that later. If I'm by myself, I usually just order an appetizer (I do find myself eating more of just one type of dish per meal). If I go with my family, I'm ordering a meal, because, hey, free food! My guess? This: https://medium.com/feature-creep/the-software-engineer-s-gui... A lot of enterprisey applications have tools developed in Flash/Flex. Mostly internal and B2B tools, but tools nonetheless. It's not likely that they will be replaced anytime soon, because no one is going to authorize the budget for replacing something that still works, so Flash will be around in one form or another for a long while. My sister's university (1990's) gave out email addresses to students, using the first initial, first three letters of the last name, and a number to designate how many times that combination had been used. Her name is Amanda Nal___. Her email address was . > Rectangular shaped buttons have been introduced into the digital world a long time ago and users are familiar with them. Some research suggests that rounded corners enhance information processing and draw our eyes to the center of the element. I found this bit pretty interesting, and anecdotally correct. It took me a while to figure out how to compose an email in Android's Gmail client when they made that button a circle. I still find myself looking for it a bit too long sometimes. I admittedly missed it up until "Never write technical requirements or functional ones." Then I started to re-read, and caught it throughout. Then again, I'm usually not even awake this early. Most (that I've seen) have a hole or ring on the back, so that they can be fastened to a key ring. Some even have a little rubber or plastic cover, so that you don't unintentionally cut yourself. I personally have them in my car, bed, desk, by the couch, etc., because I'm a serial nail clipper (who likes a minimal key ring). But how are they going to get you to opt-in to their spam, if they show you the prices first? This scene, no? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Imbxqv_5TJU That is the one thing I absolutely hate about Amazon's Alexa app. They have a super-fast browser version that, to date, has executed everything flawlessly for me with speed and precision. Then there's the native Android app - a slow, clunky, POS (when it even starts properly - usually after 30 seconds of watching a spinning circle icon). But hey, guess what? Trying to access the great browser version from your 1080p mobile device with a fully capable web browser? NOPE! Just a button to download the POS native app. Really, Amazon, I expected better. That's nuts! Does that indicate that your ISP is playing games? I get an insignificant discrepancy: 91 on Fast and 91.99 on Speedtest. To all those saying Flash is dead or dying, this is simply not so. Mainstream use of Flash may be on it's way out, but browsers will continue to support it in one way or another for the foreseeable future. Why? As I've said before, and will say again: A lot of enterprisey applications have tools developed in Flash/Flex. Mostly internal and B2B tools, but tools nonetheless. It's not likely that they will be replaced anytime soon, because no one is going to authorize the budget for replacing something that still works, so Flash will be around in one form or another for a long while. I was going to counter by saying that our MIS displays some reports using a java applet, and I can still access them in Chrome. However, I just attempted to run one of those reports, and it turns out that the latest version of our MIS no longer offers the java applet as a display option. Therefore, I must concede. TIL. Thanks. You would think an article about kissing bugs would have at least one clear image of the bug itself. I now know exactly what these are, thanks to the article you linked. In the eyes of supporters of either major party, a vote for a third party is a vote for the other major party. It may not have always been this way, but it has for as long as I've been an engaged voter (~20 years). I was expecting an announcement of a CDN service being launched or acquired by Mark Cuban. I'm old, and I feel the same way, but : I'm trying to take advantage of the technology more and more, despite my social quirks of using it, since I can no longer use my phone without excruciating thumb pain. Does anyone know why they can't climb back out? The fourth picture shows them crawling on the walls and ceiling around the pipe. The third picture shows that the pipe isn't smooth inside, so they could conceivably climb it. Zooming in on the fourth picture doesn't seem to show a gap between the ceiling and the pipe, but that is the only reason I can think of as to why they couldn't climb back out. False? Maybe, maybe not - I have no idea. Prejudiced? Most certainly not. Her spell checker works great, but it looks like she needs a grammar checker too. I've heard the term "backdoor" used for a long time before "rootkit" or "advanced persistent threat", so it may be a generational thing. From https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rootkit : > The modified compiler would detect attempts to compile the Unix login command and generate altered code that would accept not only the user's correct password, but an additional " backdoor " password known to the attacker...This exploit was equivalent to a rootkit. From https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_persistent_threat : > Establish Foothold – plant remote administration software in victim's network, create net backdoors and tunnels allowing stealth access to its infrastructure. From https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backdoor_(computing) : > A backdoor is a method, often secret, of bypassing normal authentication in a product, computer system, cryptosystem or algorithm etc. Backdoors are often used for securing unauthorized remote access to a computer, or obtaining access to plaintext in cryptographic systems. I read all of that as a backdoor being an umbrella term, of which one type is a rootkit, and APTs create backdoors, perhaps of a type other than rootkit (e.g. net backdoor). They aren't really cutting us a break though. In order to take advantage of the offer, we have to buy the new dot and then purchase something else from them. They lose nothing, and gain everything. A break would be $10 off the new dot. Me too. Click, select all, copy, switch to favorite text editor, paste. No signup/login prompt, and no problem. Maybe they fixed it? > unless you never buy anything from Amazon ever again Exactly my point. You have to buy something else to take advantage of the offer. That's not a break - it's like a BOGO slap in the face for 1st gen owners. Another thing I thought of: There are a lot of people who didn't know they were "early adopters" until yesterday. The 1st gen was marketed as "available until sold out", adding urgency to the purchase. It just keeps getting better and better (read worse and worse). I will very seriously consider further purchases of Amazon products, so they will definitely lose money over this. Except for the password rules. It took me three tries to comply, because it only displayed one violation at a time. Besides, do I really need a strong password for a site like this? Other than that, yes, super easy. > If police raided a home based only on an anonymous phone call claiming residents broke the law, it would be clearly unconstitutional. But they do this all the time, especially in low income areas. They just don't call it a raid. They call it a "welfare check". I just wish local drugstores sold sub +1.00 reading glasses. I've only been able to find them online, so it becomes a game of buy +0.25, +0.50, and +0.75, and then go through the hassle of returning two of them (likely at a loss). Optometrists may carry them, but they're so much more expensive than anywhere else. Anyone know of a better solution to find the strength that's right for me? I just had to convert my online bank account to their new (2nd in a year) system, which now requires five security questions. As a single man who doesn't have a "favorite" anything, this proved to be a challenge. All questions were either regarding spouses, favorite somethings, or questions about descendants which I have no clue about. I ended up just picking random questions and setting them all to the same answer, which has nothing to do with any of the questions - something that I can't even misspell if I tried. This is going to be my new strategy moving forward. And don't even get me started on their silly username and password "security" rules. I'm almost tempted to sign up just to see what that's about, but I'm sure I would just be torturing myself at this point. I've been going through a mortgage refi, and my bank was just the worst offender, but some of the other site from which I needed to retrieve documents were almost as bad (I'm looking at you Principal). Principal.com asked me a question about which car I've owned, and gave me a list of cars with year, make, model, and trim level. I've owned at least a dozen cars, and can't remember them all, much less in that detail. Needless to say, I failed that one. I ultimately ended up calling Principal. The person on the phone asked some silly questions too, but at least she let me pass on a couple. She then reset my account and sent a link to reset my password. That wouldn't be so easy with all sites, since they don't all have reachable humans. A lot of people forget that, at least for large companies, the CEO's life is the company 24/7. They don't have to worry about work/life balance, because there is none - it's all work, all the time. Got some time off? Work is still on the mind. Got a family? Good luck getting an hour or two a week of quality time with them. The CEO's compensation isn't tied to how much work they do, but how little time they get to spend on anything else - mind, body, and soul. Hopefully a hard switch for true silent mode. A man can dream... Besides the obvious economic benefits to the companies that make these phones, is there any real benefit to the user of not having a user replaceable battery? I feel really comfortable keeping an extra battery on standby for emergencies, especially since their charge capacity usually greatly diminishes in about a year or so. It's a valid complaint when batteries lose nearly half of their capacity or more within the first year, and people tend to keep their phones longer than that. Just not buying the phones doesn't necessarily get the word out as to why , but posts like this do. It may seem trivial, as posts on forums generally are, but in greater numbers they become less trivial. > I'd love a system that lets me view changelogs by the version "level" I want. Our MIS vendor offers this, and it's indispensable. Especially considering that each of their customers are on a different version at any given time. You select your current version, and any other version to compare it to, and it spits out a report of all the differences from the module level down to the object attribute level, all nicely separated into logical groups. Due to the complexity of the system, I couldn't imagine a successful upgrade without it. I wouldn't think so. There's a noticeable difference between granulated sugar and powdered sugar to the palate. This new method claims to not affect the taste, so I would think it's something at the molecular level. I would check the software (as others have suggested) on the MBP side of things. I'm on Win 10 on a Dell M3800, and I haven't had to pair my MX Master since the first time I did it, over a year ago. > A mistake was done by some people in FSF Probably just one person, and she was fired for it (or, more likely, them). The reasoning behind our COO's no(low)-remote policy is that he cannot tell if someone is simply punching in and then watching TV. Meanwhile, he is oblivious to the dozens of in-house workers who are punching in and chatting, doing things on their phone, anything but their work, etc. I have one employee who was grandfathered in, since he's been working remotely since before the COO's random policy decision, and he's the most productive worker I have. It's completely ridiculous, but you just can't get through to some people, no matter how logical your challenges are. The only reasoning I can see is that our COO is also the VP of Sales (small company), and he values "face time", and "body language", and "reading the room", and some such nonsense that only applies to sales and negotiations, but not production. Purely anecdotal, but it took less than two seconds for me on both FF and Chrome (Win 10). Sounds like a case of road rage by an "agent" who abused her position. Using a mainstream browser with incognito mode is a workaround. Although, as some others have pointed out, that may no longer work either. Tangentially related, but just last night I updated the first application I ever wrote for pay, because the small business I wrote it for saw no need to invest in new tech while this one still served their needs. I wrote it about 15 years ago (coincidentally) in Classic ASP. All it needed was a small JS update to get the menu system to be compatible with modern browsers. Instead of spending $10k+ on a new system, they spent $500 on an update that will serve them for the foreseeable future (or however long Access databases will be supported - lol). Granted, it took the owner about a year to track me down, since I'm not on social media and have a full time gig now, but the system was serviceable 15 years later. I got a kick out of the entire experience. I thought that JPay had a monopoly on that. EDIT: I guess it's not every state.[0] [0] https://www.jpay.com/PAvail.aspx Yeah, no - it wouldn't be great. I love seeing movies in 3D. Every 3D movie is also offered as non-3D for those that don't like it. This "stop doing something because I personally don't like it!" mentality is what should be done away with. Just a personal anecdote from a person who works in an at-will state, and who has seen employees let go with no notice or reason: they don't owe me anything, and I don't owe them anything, so I would not feel bad about doing what is in my best interest at the drop of a hat. That being said, I do feel a moral obligation to my fellow employees (but not the company), and would give more notice than the business deserves if I were to leave. However, once my decision had been made, and my notice had been given, I would not jeopardize my new opportunity at all , regardless of what had changed since. Best of luck your new endeavor, and I hope you get it all worked out to everyone's satisfaction. That's my go-to method. I use Notepad++ with "View -> Show Symbol -> Show All Characters" turned on. Parent probably means the web version (if there is one - I don't use Slack), judging from the mention of the hosts file. I've had to do things like that, due to my personal lack of self control. Hear hear. Email if it's not important. Call if it's important - but it better be important, and not a "quick question" or "I just emailed you something...". The withdrawals (if properly tapered) are about as bad as caffeine withdrawals for a heavy coffee drinker. However, they can be mitigated much easier than opiate withdrawals, which is why a lot of people use it as a stepping stone. The key word is "kill". While it may cause this fever in humans, it won't kill them. However, it will kill birds, because of "their hyper efficient gas exchange systems...that we don't have". That's my takeaway, at least. In a lot (most?) companies, the issue would be escalated all the way to the top with the same results. There's no incentive for them to take action once you've signed their contract. As other's have mentioned in this thread, you should have demanded an exclusion cause before signing. While I haven't used Target's, I do like Home Depot's self checkouts. They are pretty intelligent on their own, like just swiping a card to initiate the payment process, even if you don't press the "pay now" button. Then, when you do encounter a problem, there's an attendant for every four checkout stations that can help you from their workstation. Usually they know you're having a problem before you can even turn to tell them so, and by the time you do, they're waving you on and the problem has been resolved. My only issue with them is that they shut them down about an hour before closing, and waiting for a human cashier is even more annoying after the self-checkout experience there. > VP of Engineering who asked me to code FizzBuzz on a whiteboard (no kidding) I agree that a VP in a late stage interview should not be asking this of the candidate, but I will say that I recently had to hire a new team member, and FizzBuzz helped me to immediately weed out the candidates during the initial interview. I'm talking like 50% of the candidates, and one guy even asked if he could take it home and send me the code. Another acted like I was asking him to produce something for the company for free, before even reading the three lines of requirements, and then tried to back peddle when he did read them - of course, I was already holding the interview room door open for him by that time. All told, a FizzBuzz test in the initial round saved hours of my (and their) time. While I didn't quite see all of the possible mistakes pointed out by jpollock in a parallel comment, all of the mistakes I did see were nicely covered there. Another interesting data point was that only 2 of the 10 candidates had ever heard of FizzBuzz. That surprised me more than anything else. I often find bathrooms that were around before ADA [0], and have since been retrofitted, have the worst designs. That's why I try to use the handy-capable stalls, or "suites" as I call them, whenever I have a chance. Most newer bathroom designs seem sane to me, since they were designed with ADA compliance in mind. Except for airport bathrooms for some reason, where you have to cram yourself and your luggage into a stall that's the same size as any other stall outside of the airport. [0] https://www.ada.gov/ > Almost everyone will drive 35-40 in a 30 I used to, until I learned this [0]: > If someone is hit by a car at 40 mph they are 90% likely to be killed. > If someone is hit by a car at 30 mph they are 50% likely to be killed. > If someone is hit by a car at 20 mph they are 10% likely to be killed. [0] http://www.safespeed.org.uk/killspeed.html Just a nitpick, but SmartPost is FedEx, and SurePost is UPS. Maybe Velcro everything that you don't want moved, or put little tape outlines or stick paper shapes under them, so they know where to move it back to when they're done. > bought several...fall apart Sounds like planned obsolescence. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planned_obsolescence I wonder if this takes all methods of ingestion into account. My cardiologist told me to eat all I want - just don't smoke it, and the jury is still out on vaping. > Instead of being polite and reasonable I am now combative and uncooperative in any encounter. Just remember: they can get away with anything . It's their word against yours, and they will always win. If you are lucky enough to have any evidence against them, it will just get lost eventually (your case in point). > They can taser me all they want, Ill just use it as a public campaign against them. No one in a position to do anything about it will listen. You'll just be adding insult to your injury. When encountering law enforcement, it's best just to "yes sir"/"no sir" them, and hope you don't come out of it with a charge, or worse. Every question they ask you is an attempt to get you to incriminate yourself. They are not there to help you. It's in your best interest to do everything you can to end the encounter as soon as possible. > Although if you're stuck between smoking tobacco, and vaping nicotine... vape away Hear, hear! It's also much easier to taper off the nicotine with vaping. I just started on zero myself, so I'm almost done altogether. A lot of companies that pay by salary think business hours are 24/7. My favorite new tactic of theirs is in their new commercials, where an actor will ask if the "iPad" can do something, and the announcer will confirm that it can, on the "iPad Pro". The one that jumps to mind is the MS Office one, but I recall at least one other feature that they advertised using the same tactic. It's pretty confusing if you don't catch the causally mentioned "Pro" bit at the very end, after they've gone through a segment on the "feature" that the "iPad" can do. I just hope it'll net them a lot of returned iPads from rightfully frustrated customers. Maybe it's just the bait-and-switch tone of the commercials that throws me off. It does seem like Office would run on any iPad [0], and they could just be referring to the pencil. However, even the description there [0] is kind of weirdly worded to me. I just don't know enough about Apple devices I guess. > * Word is ready for iPad Pro and looks amazing on the 12.9-inch screen. Read Word documents on iPad Pro for free. To create and edit docs, you need a qualifying Office 365 subscription. Try it for free for 30 days. * The real Microsoft Word app designed for iPad , iPhone and iPod touch. [0] https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/microsoft-word/id586447913?m... > and tore up everyone's lawn in the process They just did this to mine and a few neighbors, even though they weren't supposed to. They had a Ditch Witch (DW) Directional Drill [0] that would tunnel under all the lawns, and only make a little hole every few houses. However, they didn't count on the coral rock, and the DW broke, so they had to bring in a bigger one which was going to take a week or two. Well, they weren't getting paid if they weren't working, so instead of waiting for the bigger DW, they started digging trenches through the lawns. They did this to about 5% of them, with mine being the last one before the new DW got there. They did resod, but it's all dying because they just threw the dirt back in without putting the soil back on top, and everyone's tree rings and other landscaping are ruined. All the neighbors are pissed. I had to explain to a lot of them what fiber even was. They still don't understand why I'm too excited to be pissed. [0] https://www.ditchwitch.com/directional-drills#content-304 I'm not a big fan of disclosing my specific location on the internet, so I'll just say South Florida. ;-) They cut my neighbors water main in the process, and then blamed it on inaccurate (spray painted) markings. I'm a novice, but even I could tell that the markings were accurate. They also managed to put a speed bump in his driveway when they were tunneling under it - big enough to spill a beer. I got pretty lucky with my dead grass and misshapen tree rings. Nah, sex is for pleasure or for children (and pleasure), depending on how you practice it. Self-control is still very much valued (at least in my society). The self-control bit is using the available contraceptives when you're only having sex for pleasure. Just because you don't have a legitimate use case doesn't mean someone else doesn't. Your mentality can be very dangerous with regards to eroding our cherished liberties. I think you may be thinking of Amex and Visa gift cards. AFAIK, those are the only ones that charge any sort of fee. Amazon, and other retailers, eTailers, restaurants, etc., generally don't have a fee to buy or maintain, and funds never expire. Sure they can. It's a ubiquitous colloquialism that's used to describe a business relationship that's severed by a vendor. It's not meant to be taken literally. I'm hoping that's not the final dash. I much prefer a screen mounted in the dashboard. Otherwise, it looks aftermarket to me. I don't know about Time Machine specifically, but the first rule of backups is to always test your backups, so that may be how they found out. They can just keep adding concentric rings, and the military-industrial complex expands exponentially with each new one. What do you consider to be a "dangerous" ad? (serious question) They're going to fly between the planet and it's rings - but how? I was watching a show on Voyager 1 where they had originally thought about doing the same, but were glad they didn't. When Voyager got close enough to image the rings, there was quite a bit of debris between the planet and the rings. Apparently, it was enough to ensure the destruction of the spacecraft. Do they now know enough about that debris field, and now have accurate enough "control" (calculated by astrodynamics), to avoid a collision? They're going to do it 22 times over 24 days before the descent into Saturn. The only thing I can think of is that the 2,000 km gap is close enough to avoid the debris, and perhaps they couldn't have calculated that close a fly-by with Voyager 1 with the knowledge and technology of the day. And let's not forget the ridiculous need to install third-party software just to be able to tell which window has focus by the color of its title bar. EDIT: I guess they fixed that. I didn't follow up after I installed some third-party software a while back. I guess it wasn't third-party either, but messing with the themes [0]. I've been chugging along in blissful ignorance ever since. My bad. [0] https://www.howtogeek.com/222831/how-to-get-colored-window-t... > and all the discovery (research) that goes into it. Like researching how to try to convince their client to plea before the trial, even after they've collected their client's retainer that would cover the trial, and then get pissed at their client when the plea deal is refused for any reason (even a great one). I think he just moved the leg thrusters up to his arms, making two on each arm. At least that's the way it looks from this pic [0], where he has only one thruster on each limb. He may have had the backpack all along, but I'm not sure. [0] http://i.imgur.com/YTz3Kza.png Also, even if you did go to a doctor's office in the middle of nowhere with nothing else around and only one doctor working there, that doesn't mean you are there to see the doctor. For that matter, your location data couldn't be proven to be yours on merit alone. Anyone can be using my car, and anyone can have my phone, at any given time. I believe that would be too much of a headache for Google to manage. E.g., having to deal with vendor push back. The liability ultimately lies closest to the end user, and for the device itself, this is the device manufacturer. Let them deal with the headache of forcing their customers to update. Of course, I could be wrong, but that is just my humble opinion. > the sudden reversal of opioid addiction I don't think anyone (even the parent commentor) thinks that would happen. At best, I think we can only hope for prevention, and even that will require a lengthy period reeducation and destigmatization. Speaking from experience, it's nearly impossible to truly reverse opioid addiction. Preventing that addiction in the first place by utilizing other non-or-less-addictive pain control methods, such as marijuana, is our only hope. > aided by screw ups from big pharma and Government healthcare policies. And ignorant lawmakers who try to stigmatize instead of educate with regards to harm prevention, and the private prisons who would rather incarcerate addicts instead of rehabilitate them, and the willfully ignorant lawmakers who get kickbacks from those private prisons (and likely big pharma, who IMHO is willfully complicit in this epidemic). Can't speak for OP, but in a more general sense, society as a whole will never be ready for some things that some individuals are for. That's why we (America) are a nation of laws, not of man. There will always be someone who doesn't like you, or what you do, or what you stand for, simply because it's all subjective. Search "kratom" (Mitragyna speciosa). It helps people kick their opiate addiction every day. It's not a magic bullet by any means, but it helps by mitigating the withdrawals to a tolerable point. Good luck - I know how you feel. > 2003 was the first device that resembled a smartphone. I had a Handspring Visor when they were first released (around 2000), and while it was just a PDA on its own, there was a phone module that slid into the back, making it a smartphone. After that, I had almost all of the Treo's starting around 2002, which (what I think) were the first all-in-one smartphones. The magnifying glass in the upper right bypasses the watermark. One benefit that I didn't see mentioned is the ability to get somewhere unhindered. If I need to get from point A to point B at work, and I don't have time to be impeded by someone in the hallway, I carry a clipboard and talk to myself. Other people are hesitant to interrupt me. Pedantic, but "legend" isn't subjective. A legend to some is a legend to all. What is subjective is what each person thinks of legendary people. > peace of mind knowing that your company can survive without you And if it doesn't, then hell, it wasn't going to survive with you either! So there's no need to let those thoughts consume you on your vacation. Josh Gates and crew went and documented this for an episode of Expedition Unknown [0]. I don't envy those guys, but I found the process fascinating. [0] http://www.travelchannel.com/shows/expedition-unknown/episod... When you first click the link above, you'll be redirected to a different link about how to pay for a book (/graylist.html). You should copy/paste the link to avoid the referral redirect, and you'll get to the intended story (or come back here and click it a second time), which is not at all about paying for a book. > quite intrusive No, it's not. It opens instantly, has no close timer, is very obvious about its intent (which is beneficial to the user), and closes instantly with a single click (and stays closed on subsequent visits). It's minimally intrusive at best, but the trade-off of the very relevant user notification negates even that. Curious that it appears to be a non-capitalized acronym. That could definitely cause some confusion. Seconded (thirded?). Daily user of BT keyboard, mouse, and headset. Nightly user of BT connection between phone and speaker. I had my fair share of lumps in the beginning, enough to put me off of it completely until 4 or 5 years ago, but it's been a primarily pleasant experience ever since. While I don't agree with the technique, I would certainly not call it "tricking". Especially in your example, where it very clearly (more than most) describes what will happen if the boxes remain checked. People who blindly click "next", "ok", or "continue" buttons are tricking themselves, not being tricked. Especially when dealing with "free" software. That applies to any and all insurance - especially mandated insurance policies. The main job of the insurance company is to collect your premiums and the find any way to deny your claims. Nothing happened. Is this only in the creator update? (I have deferred updates turned on, so I may not have it yet.) Every project is already known by someone . Back when I smoked cigarettes, it seemed like nicotine was the solution to any problem. Almost every puzzle was solved on a cig break. Regardless of whether it will ever go mainstream in the near future, and as a newbie to cryptocurrency, is it expected that, whenever it goes mainstream, the value will? 1) Dramatically rise 2) Rise 3) Behave as usual (depending on current trend) 4) Fall 5) Dramatically fall I just curious. I dabble because some eTailors give discounts for Bitcoin, but I can also invest a bit at any time (just not enough to seriously get involved in the day-to-day). > I'm in the process of recovering from a serious addiction to furanyl-fentanyl. > This stuff is a nightmare like you can't possibly understand without being there yourself From someone who hasn't been there themselves, but just lost my best friend to fentanyl, I hope you stick with recovery. She was actually in a very nice recovery program, but managed to sneak a cell phone in. Point is, it only takes one bad decision that I hope you don't make. Thanks. So a physical bitcoin is not worth 1 bitcoin, but rather a percentage of the entire bitcoin market value (maybe not the right term), relative to the number of physical bitcoins, correct? > There is no such thing as a physical bitcoin. Of course there are: https://www.google.com/search?q=physical+bitcoin&oq=physical... As to how they relate to crypto, I have no idea, which is why I asked about it. There are bigots and misogynists in the Republican Party, and there are bigots and misogynists in the Democratic Party. Politics is much more than that, as are one's political views. No one deserves to be treated vitriolically for supporting a political party. > I don't know how Mongols today live with that. I would suspect rather easily, because they didn't do it. I personally believe people should be allowed to say whatever they want, and violence is never acceptable as a response. We've been preventing hate groups from having a platform for decades, and recent events are only giving them one. It is law enforcement's job to enforce any laws that are broken by actions of individuals , within these groups or otherwise, and the justice system's job to prosecute them to the extent of the law. Trying to silence words that some may find offensive is a slippery slope, because no matter who you are or what you say, there is always someone that will be offended by it. Attempting to win hearts and minds through civil discourse, and accepting the reality that some people will always be unreachable, is IMHO the only way to move forward without irreparably dividing our society, because "A house divided against itself cannot stand". Hate only breeds hate, and there will always be naturally evil people. Ignore the haters' speech, and keep preaching love an respect. Those that can come around will, and those that can't won't have a voice unless we give it to them. Maybe it should become part of the estate, but I don't know enough about that to say how. If it's part of a will then honor that, otherwise it the next of kin or whatever who decides what to do with it (in a limited fashion that prevents identity theft - maybe freeze it or delete it being the only options). I bought a game a few years ago (Batman or Spiderman or something) for an $8 or $10 one time purchase. Then the developer (who I think I remember, but won't mention because I'm not positive) decided it would be a good idea to move to an IAP model. Well, after updating the game one day, I realized that I no longer had the full game that I paid for, and that I would have to pay more via IAP if I wanted to continue playing. That was the day that soured me on IAP forever, and I'm another one that will go very far out of my way to avoid them (even inconveniencing myself solely out of spite). I don't know why they would disable it, or why it would be neglectful for them not to, from a business perspective . As long as they are charging the same prices for the same supply/demand ratio that they normally would, then it's not considered gouging (I don't know if they are or not). Granted, it would be nice for them to disable it so that people can get affordable flights, but they are a business after all is said and done, and I have no doubt they'll fill all their seats regardless of the prices. Every conservative I know and whose viewpoints I'm familiar with holds that viewpoint. I would go even further to say most people I know in general hold that viewpoint. In fact, the few people I know that are quick to find people guilty in the court of public opinion are not conservatives. I have an older ThinkPad, and can't get over the Ctrl and Fn keys being in the wrong place. I think you can swap this in the BIOS in the newer ones, but not on mine. Even if you do though, your Ctrl key is now smaller than your Fn key. I hate to say it, but it's a deal-breaker for me. It ruined an otherwise near-perfect laptop keyboard. It's maybe 7 or 8 years old now. I have it at home and use it as an internet browser on a mobile cart, but that's about it. I did use it for work for the first 4 years, but never could get over that keyboard quirk, so always used a different one laying on top of the laptop's keys. I just looked and it's an SL510. Still going strong, albeit a bit slow. Gotta give it to the build quality though! The microsoft bluetooth mobile keyboard 6000 is about the most awesome keyboard I've found for overlaying a laptop's default keyboard (if you can find one). I still use it to this day at home. I got tired of carrying a lot around, which is why the swapped keys on the ThinkPad would annoy me still. We're talking about the same people who refuse to fix the non-standard Ctrl and Fn key placement here. Heck, I'm the complete opposite of a technophobe, and I could barely navigate a similar UX trying to get some food and drinks at Newark Int'l Airport. Every table had an iPad with a UI like this. IIRC, I even screwed up part of my order because the UX was so overly complex. Because someone submitted it. I went to high school in South Florida in the late eighties/early nineties, and interracial dating was quite prevalent. There was no significant social stigma about it at all. (A few loud mouth bigots don't count as significant .) I'll typically just sit there until the person yielding their right-of-way gives up and goes. No way I'm pulling in front of someone with the right-of-way only to have them change their mind on a whim. I just assume they're trying to commit insurance fraud and ruin my day, whether they are or not. I hired a cleaning service through Groupon once. I opened the door to four people walking right by me without saying a word (they didn't speak English), and one "front person" who barely spoke. I had never had a cleaning service come in before, so I had some questions. I was also expecting one person that I could follow around the house to make sure they didn't take anything, but all I could do now was have faith in my fellow humans (in an industry notorious for theft). That was very off-putting, and I can't see how anyone would hire someone to clean their house whom they didn't completely trust. I know people do, but I will never again. EDIT: Just saw your response to the other comment where you thought it was dry-cleaning. It may well have been, but I'll leave my story here anyway, since it's sort of in context. I'm sure you know about deferred updates (if that's available to you in your version). I don't game anymore, but I would imagine that most drivers would be updated by the end of the deferral period. In order: My dog (as other's have said), my house (or really, the equity in it that provides a sense of financial security), my new car (my first new car ever, 1 week old today, transitioning from a 14 year old card with 255k miles, woohoo), and my last meal (if only owned briefly, and probably still in there somewhere). > I think I've had that happen exactly once in my life. Heck, back when you had to hand over your card for the cashier to swipe it, I'd write "check id" on the card's signature line, and I had maybe three people total ever ask me for my ID. Waiters will chase after you if you forget to sign your check, because they must provide a signed receipt to their merchant account provider if you initiate a chargeback, if they want any chance of fighting it. I'm not sure why they just don't scribble a random signature in for me, because that's all I do when I sign it. I'm not a structural engineer, but it seems like they designed it to not tip over by itself or with the added weight of a raccoon, but they neglected to consider said raccoon in motion. How's the display on that? I'm on a Note 3, and I really like the fact that I've always been able to see Samsung's AMOLED display in the sunlight. I also have bad eyes, so I tend to keep the display pretty bright in the dark. It's always seemed so much more vivid than other phones I've compared it to, but that's been a while. EDIT: And where the heck do you get one in the US? I'm sure these bans will be totally fair and unbiased. Antifa is certainly not anti-hate. They very much hate anyone that doesn't agree with their narrow-minded worldview, and they condone violence against those they hate. While they are anti-nazi, they are aligned with them in their level of bigotry and violence. Violence is never okay. Well of course they can. Not to mention the amount of problems that are solved over a cigarette. I don't know if it was placebo, or a mental jolt from the nicotine, but I've come up with many a solution on a cigarette break. I don't smoke any more (thankfully), but when I did it at work, I was usually thinking of a work problem, and thus working. Just my personal anecdote, but I have much more discipline in the office than I do at home. I get distracted by everything at home, and I procrastinate by doing things I couldn't do at work, like housework, watching tv, etc. I know myself enough to know that I cannot trust myself to work at home on a regular basis, and I'm more content with myself regarding my productivity at the office. I commute because I love driving (even in a little traffic), I'm not disciplined enough to work from home (and never will be - know thyself ), and I like the social aspect of the office (where I am immeasurably more productive). It's a win-win-win for me. I don't even consider telecommuting when looking for work. I would think qualifying a claim of such scope as "widely known" would be very much necessary. When talking to management, I try to avoid the acronyms (SSL, TLS, HTTPS, etc.), and in this case, I've coined a phrase that I find be equally understood by management, devops, and sysadmins alike. I tell them that we need to "encrypt server X with a secure certificate" (or "secure cert" depending who I'm talking to, which is as short as the shortest acronym syllable-wise). It's vague enough to cover the spectrum of acronyms in a timeless (for the foreseeable future) way, but unambiguous enough that everyone understands. https://8th-dev.com/samples.html (I have not yet looked at these to form an opinion of them. I was just attempting to answer OP's question.) I went straight to the comment without seeing this one. It seems that they are threatening to ban people for brigading, even though they may never see the warning, and even if they are truly voting accordingly because they agree or disagree with it. That's a bit messed up to me, especially considering they can just lock it. Although, I suppose a reddit ban wouldn't be the worst thing for productivity. I enjoy the best of both worlds: cool air --> warm lather --> cool rinse --> warm air. Sure, if you have nine people helping you. The ability for their users to discuss it - the exact same thing that HN adds to articles - plus an opinion piece to start the conversation. Although the direct link to the article is better for the HN discussion. > yelling into the phone really loud and than also knowing your paying $0.29 a minute This does not describe any landline I've ever used ever, either locally or long distance, even to this day, even at 00:00:01 on any given New Year's Day. The short answer: because "be(ing) a dick" is highly subjective. > it's the complete and utter disregard that the majority of developers show for the basics I'm not sure that can be pinned squarely on the developers. IME, it's often their management that wants to cut corners. Since proper security takes many steps, it makes it an easy target for management to negotiate some of those steps out of the project. I'm sure there are a few developers that don't do it correctly out of sheer laziness, and many that don't do it correctly out of ignorance, but for large projects with many developers (e.g., banking websites, etc.) I would think that most of the developers want to do it correctly, but management thinks it costs too much. Besides, there's no real ramifications for management to consider anyway (which is, IMO, the crux of the problem, but also another problem unto itself). Last line: > The tunnel was re-opened in early 2012. No time-discrepancies have been reported since that date. Hypothesis: > There is some anecdotal evidence that temporary spaces, or spaces temporarily under a different use, lend themselves to time anomalies, and the Woolwich event would appear to support this. > Sure, if. Which I can verify, but I don't want to have to. The great thing is that you don't have to! There's plenty of other people that are happy to do so and report their findings. The app would be outed as fast as other software that has attempted to send personal data without disclosure (Windows telemetry, Samsung TVs, etc.). I doubt Echo could ever get away with sending everything to Amazon's servers. And if you don't trust that others would do that, then you just don't have to use it, or use alternatives like Shazam. I was in your shoes until a couple of years ago. About four years ago, I got out of an eight year relationship where I was promised a marriage and family that never materialized. Being middle-aged, it now seemed like a daunting task, and I quickly sunk into my first ever depression without even realizing it (in fact, I wasn't even a true believer until I was). Once I did realize it, I took myself straight to a counselor for talk therapy. He diagnosed me with depression and depression related anxiety, and referred me to a psych for meds. I've been on wellbutrin for a couple of years now, and while I still struggle with depression every day, it's less and less, instead of the more and more you feel right now. I'm getting out of the house a bit more, and I'm just now starting to date again, but I don't believe I could have done any of that on my own. Point is, start by talking to someone. That's all it took to set me on the right path, and hopefully you'll be so lucky. Just be patient, as it can be a long process (most of which is up to you). Sometimes it's a chemical imbalance that you just cannot overcome by yourself no matter how hard you try. Best of luck! I knew in advance what I would be told, and I knew how to fix myself but found a hard time starting. It doesn't sound stupid, at all. When you talk to a therapist, they'll tell you what you already know, and maybe tell you some new things to try, and definitely tell you some things you don't want to hear. The weird thing that I didn't expect was that it works for the one reason I didn't consider. I was fine with disappointing myself (even used to it), but I didn't want to disappoint someone else. I didn't want to go back and tell them that I didn't try, so I tried. I tried a little more each week, and eventually got to the point where there was nothing left to try, and nothing left to discuss. Now I just let the meds slowly rewire my chemical imbalances without the need for talk therapy. Probably because far too many managers will blame the programmer for any failures that result from following the recommendations, no matter how tangential, while simultaneously taking the credit for any successes. Brew nazi? How about just, "We treat people as individuals regardless." > you have to pro-actively reach out to them It's been a long while since they missed a prime delivery date for me, but the couple of times they did, they credited my account automatically without my involvement (other than reading their email notification). Maybe I just got lucky? > there's no insurmountable reason why the only land worth living in should be concentrated in a few urban centers. IMHO, one very insurmountable reason is that you could never convince everyone that an urban center is worth living in. Quite a few people just don't enjoy that lifestyle. > spam you with email reminders until you do I figure I'm reviewing the experience, not just the product. Amazon reviewers love it when I give their product one or two stars for an otherwise great product, and leave a review that says, "Product was fine, but vendor spams for reviews." That typically means you gave them too much too fast. It's best for their digestive system to very slowly ease them into the new food. A few kibbles (or partial teaspoons if wet) mixed into their old food at first, and then gradually increase over two weeks, until the new food completely offsets the old food.