You need attorney generals, which generally run on shoestring budgets, to be willing to criminally prosecute millionaires and billionaires who are likely going to drag court out forever and most likely walk anyways. It's much easier to pop a couple of low level guys for possession to make your numbers look better. My understanding is that they collect scan copies of massive amounts of mail meta-data. Specifically the stuff on the envelope, but not the contents within. The contents within are highly protected and would require a warrant. The problem with e-mail is that it's really difficult to analyze the metadata without also capturing the e-mail content. I subscribe to Netflix, Hulu+, and Amazon Prime. I find I rarely ever watch video on Amazon. I value it primarily for the free shipping and the video service is a bonus. $120/yr is a LOT of shipping. Especially when you actually look at how Amazon Prime products are clearly priced to include the shipping fees compared to the non-Prime versions of the same product. Israeli security is based on profiling, but not racial or religious profiling. They profile primarily on the nations you have passport stamps for. If you've been in a country that is known to harbor and train terrorists, you're gonna get the microscope. I feel like this is healthy profiling. I traveled in mid-December (between the holiday peaks) and I was able to enjoy a new "expedited security process we're testing" that was essentially the old metal detector only screening. Can we agree that, to a certain extent, both are necessary? I can't speak to their corporate support but as a consumer I've had issues with two Nexus devices and called them for support. The first was fixed by a factory reset and the second meant I needed a RMA. Both times the person on the other end of the line somewhat immediately recognized that I didn't need to be instructed to "plug it in." They asked me what I'd done already and moved forwards from there without making me (pretend to) re-do steps I'd already taken. While it's pretty crappy that I've had issues out of the box with 2 out of my 4 Google devices, the tech support has been great. I think this is reasonable as bad guys might have multiple accounts per person. Or a single warrant might be issued for the contents of two conspiring bad guys. I'd only be concerned if it was a dramatic difference. Given that there was never more than 1k in a 6 month period I think it's safe to say that at least with respect to FISA requests to Google there isn't wide-spread broadly scoped requests. That stuff is done via other mechanisms apparently. If you're pushing anything close to real bandwidth you're probably getting an individually negotiated price that is not public. IMHO the re-think wasn't too far off. Microsoft's tablet OS is pretty nice. It was just late to the game and needs a stronger app ecosystem but they're working on that. The UI for Win8 desktop was DOA. They really over-shot there but have taken what I feel are appropriate steps to mitigate some of the damage and I think we'll see a nicer, better solution come Win9. Large corporations hold on to all sorts of assets as investments. This can range from stocks and bonds to real estate or intellectual property. This is very common. Tangentially related to this transaction you may or may not be aware that pretty much any company that funds its own insurance (most large companies) are required by law to hold investments that will help carry them over for any insurance claims. So there is some fund they hold that has stocks, bonds, etc. set aside so that they are covered for insurance claims. The same is true of pension funds. As someone that owns both an Android and iOS phone I think Apple has nicer form factor than the various Android options but Android has superior software. Here's my quick thoughts. iOS has caught up in a lot of the features it was missing early on (multi-tasking) but it still lacks widgets. It may not be for everyone, but I use two widgets on my desktop daily and Apple's answer to it in the notification center is bleh. I originally liked Apple's Passbook but Google's Wallet and Now surpass it in features and in some ways usability. By this I mean Google automatically creates cards for my packages from UPS without any effort for me at all. It also keeps track of my boarding passes, tickets, etc with no effort. Apple's solution requires (generally) that I open an e-mail attachment or something. Last but not least are the Google Apps, most notably Maps but it does include the others. iOS is made better by Google software and most iOS users I know use one or more Google apps. In a full Google platform though the integration is superior. Let's say I'm sitting at my desktop and search for a restaurant. The next time I open Google Now it'll have a card with that restaurant and allow me to navigate there in a single touch. It's important to note that it's the Java language, but not the Java bytecode or Java Virtual Machine that are used in Android. It could easily have been really any language that Google wished to provide a compiler for towards their custom bytecode/VM. It was somewhat arbitrarily the Java language but was a good business choice IMHO due to the prevalence of Java developers in the market. Secondly, there's nothing stopping you from writing your apps in C/C++ to get whatever sort of response you need. What happens if I sell you my phone and then brick it remotely? I have always argued that programming is not "intellectually difficult" (for me) but is rather "emotionally difficult" for a lot of the reasons mentioned in the blog post. I think you have made a very strong argument that the internet content is not particularly damaging. As you assert you can see some pretty horrific stuff and just move right along. Of course seeing a picture on the internet is different than real life. Seeing that stuff in real life would be seriously damaging. Seeing it on the internet is "meh." I'd also like to add that I don't believe I've ever personally seen pictures of mass graves anywhere other than conventional media, television and news magazines. Yes, everything is on the internet, but if you're not looking for it you're not generally going to find it. And if you're looking for it, you're likely not going to be seriously harmed by seeing it. In my own anecdotal experience I would say the team matters way more than the methodology. I've been on teams that could have been (and were) repeatedly successful on projects that ranged widely from strict agile to strict waterfall. Every single time that team pumped out good quality software reasonably on time. I've also been on teams that were not successful no matter what methodology they used. The team just wasn't cohesive, didn't have enough talent, and/or had poor leadership. I've never been on a team that didn't have some manner of unnecessary ritual put on them by the management or client. I agree with your comment, and I would additionally add that a good team can go with the flow and work well within the context of most silly rituals. The success of dieting programs is that people change their habits from unhealthy behaviors to healthy behaviors. The most successful ones are done in groups that offer emotional support in addition to health education. The point of these methodologies is to help replace unhealthy development behaviors with healthier ones and to use groups that offer reinforcement of the healthy behavior as part of the process. Of course, much like diets, not everyone is really going to "buy in" to the new "healthy" habits. They will drag their heels, whine, and generally continue their unhealthy behavior. And having a ringer like Chu from time to time gets you more press. So I would not be surprised if the occasional strategic player is intentionally selected. If I were anywhere near being the richest guy on the planet I would have a hard time caring whether or not I was taken out of context. In fact, I'd probably just say all sorts of awful stuff that people would find shocking. That's probably one of the many reasons I'm not one of the richest guys on the planet. In his AMA he contrasts his younger self from other young billionaires and millionaires by stating that they are often much more interested in "giving back" than he was until he was much older. He was a ruthless man who cared only for himself in his younger days and that led to some rather unethical business practices. It wasn't until much later that he chilled out and learned some compassion for the rest of the world. I was going to suggest this.. that people replace high fat foods with high carb foods which translate into gaining more weight. I've long said that fat doesn't make you fat, it clogs your arteries. Though the latter part of that is now up for debate based on more recent studies. You out-scienced me though. Your doctor is awesome. "The AAP recommends this, but only because it's trying to fight childhood obesity. Your kid is nowhere near obese so let's give her the best diet for her as an individual." There's a difference between "pretty" and "useful." IMHO the Yahoo Food site is pretty while sites like Reddit and Hackernews are useful. There's a place for both, and each will attract a different market and use case. I wanted to add, in addition to your comment, that it takes surprisingly little exercise to make a dramatic change in your over-all health levels. Blood pressure, cholesterol, etc. can be significantly affected without becoming a gym rat. 10 minutes here, 15 minutes there makes a huge difference. I had to re-read the OP because I originally read it as having never met an unemployed person that is curious about the world around them and makes a real attempt to learn how things work. I find very few adults still have that child-like curiosity about the world but the ones that do are generally very well employed. That's interesting and kinda funny since you still get the familiar clicking sound when your turn signal is on I can only assume that this sound is made artificially. It immediately reminded me of the fact that computer keyboards are naturally silent but they engineer in "clicky" sounds. This was very important in the old days when people were transitioning away from type writers and were accustomed to the audio feedback. Now we still have this, but keyboards are a lot quieter these days. I would argue: not for anyone under 30. These kids eat up social media like it's going out of style. More than likely the people in charge will not act pre-emptively by upgrading to IPv6 during the normal upgrade/replacement cycle of their network hardware. Instead, they will wait until there's a real crisis so they can ask the government to fund their next hardware upgrade. The best type of firearm to have for personal defense is the one you have on you, not in your gun safe. The 12-gauge is only beneficial if you're going to carry it with you from room to room, keeping it at your side at all times.. The time between hearing someone kick in your door to being on you is just a few seconds, there's no time to open a safe. So in this type of scenario the 12-gauge isn't bad, but I'd probably still prefer a pistol on an over the waist band or shoulder holster. When you don't need to conceal it's not that difficult to carry around a full sized pistol in any reasonable defense caliber. It appears that this guy is toting his shotgun with him though, so I guess there's that. Freedom! Google was clearly in the market for a phone OS. If they hadn't purchased Android they would've likely purchased something else. Android was likely not the only phone OS they looked at and may not have even been their first choice. That's just the way it goes sometimes, semi-random chance. According to the internet the slugs are mostly aluminum and/or copper. I'm sure it's more complex than that, but that's the ELI5 answer I guess. Well they've positioned themselves well for the IPO by doing the trademark grab recently. If courts continue to allow them to assert their dominance I think they'll continue to make decent money for a while. I would agree that they're not a long game investment but I think they'll make it over 5 years. Conversely: everything should be available over the counter. If someone wants to kill themselves by destroying their liver with acetaminophen, that's their business. I can't speak to the Valley or any other "top tier" places but I live in a 2nd tier technology city, Orlando. We are the simulation capital of the world, two full sized Lockheed Martin campuses, really any defense contractor name you can think of, some household brand video game companies, etc. Lots of action going on here. The unemployment rate for developers is under 2%. This means that not only do "above-average" developers have jobs, lots of really awful developers also have jobs. It's INCREDIBLY difficult to find talent with under 3-4% unemployment. Also, I'd assume no one is mass producing these rounds yet, so they're all small scale production which greatly increases the unit price. Once the military puts in the first order for a few million rounds the price will go down a lot. I'll try to explain it with simplified physics. Let's assume for a moment that the projectile is fired 50 ft off the surface at a speed of mach 8, or about 9k fps. If we assume no resistance vertical or horizontal at a 50ft drop the projectile is travelling downward at 55 fps by the time it hits the ground. As you can see, the horizontal velocity is still orders of magnitude greater than the vertical velocity. As you start to deal with curvature of the earth your drop distance will increase, but not enough to overcome the 9k fps in horizontal velocity any time soon. The horizon is 3 miles off, or 16k ft. Less than 2 seconds of travel time for our projectile. Of course, there's always going to be resistance, so at some distance the horizontal velocity line will cross paths with the vertical terminal velocity, but I doubt that happens at any practical firing distances. I wonder if anyone in NY, SF, or any other 1st tier developer city can comment on the local unemployment rate for either software devs or IT in general. Here in Orlando/Tampa it's been around 2% for YEARS. Living in a high cost of living area is a FANTASTIC way to get your retirement plans going. Putting 10% of your SF income into your 401k is way better than putting 10% of your Austin, TX salary into your 401k. So while you're young and single you bank away lots of cash. Then you move and start a family elsewhere and retire comfortably. The problem is that I don't think enough people life-hack in this way. Let's say in SF you get $150k and put 10% away with a 5% match. That's $22,500 per year you're socking away into your 401k. If you live in Orlando and you're making $90k/yr and put 10% away with a 5% match that's $13,500, a net loss of $9k every year in early retirement savings. After compound growth over 40 years of maturity that's going to be a TON of cash. As long as you don't plan on RETIRING in SF, you're much better off working there. I'll copy/pasta my response to someone else who made a similar response: Let's say in SF you get $150k and put 10% away with a 5% match. That's $22,500 per year you're socking away into your 401k. If you live in Orlando and you're making $90k/yr and put 10% away with a 5% match that's $13,500, a net loss of $9k every year in early retirement savings. After compound growth over 40 years of maturity that's going to be a TON of cash. As long as you don't plan on RETIRING in SF, you're much better off working there. I remember the XP start button being called childish because it utilized a color scheme straight out of the Playskool toy section. It wasn't the functionality of the start button at all. We had been happily using the start button since.. win95? People don't like any kind of change. My daughter has no reference about what is "normal" or how computer interfaces should look. She is quite happy with the win8 interface and took to it like a duck to water. I disagree. If a food charity enhanced their distribution system in a way that allowed them to feed an additional million people internationally I think we'd be just as interested in what they changed in order to meet their goals. We're interested in any significant success. As it stands though, for any for-profit company, money is the primary measure of success. If someone tells me to try out a new language I generally give it about 10-15 minutes. If I'm not running hello world by then I'm not interested in something I'd be taking a casual interest in. The only time I'm giving it more than 15 minutes is when I have a real business need for it or want to enhance my resume with something that has a lot of businesses seeking that skill. Python, for example, I was easily able to get up and running in under 15 minutes with a hello world and now I use it regularly for lots of little tasks. I can't be fussed to toy around something that takes too much work/infrastructure to get up and running. There's other options out there I can be more productive in faster. I would never consider being a teacher because of the assumption of men being pedophiles. Well, that and pay. In this case it's designed this way because the ATM vendor is not the same company as the bank that owns/runs the ATM. The bank will want to put different text depending on the locale, default language, their own bank marketing jargon, etc. This is a perfect example where design should come before copy. Money is relative. Education is one of the easiest 4 year degrees to get. The low pay for teachers is a myth compared to other jobs with similar qualifications. At least, the hourly rate isn't that bad. You get lots of holidays and summers off so your yearly wage looks bleh. It's still way less than what I make as an engineer, but I dare say most teachers could not get an engineering degree. In my neighborhood I can choose between them. I believe Brighthouse owns the lines, but I can get Comcast service over them. How many hours have you worked the last 3 weeks? Also, these phones have been in development for a while. If anything they took what they had and slapped the MSFT services on top. I would like to think that the business folks that purchased Blackberry devices for the security mechanisms would be interested in a device like this now that it's been made clear that Blackberry was compromised. Of course if someone really wants you, they're going to get your data. But a device like this might be (imho) a good solution for most business level data protection of the sort people thought they would be getting from Blackberry. If you read the article it's plain to see that the monopolies are enforced and encouraged by the currently existing regulations. There is no free market in ISPs in the US. Nice try hacker. He grew up on food stamps. He wasn't on them in his adult life. Going from being a kid whose parents received food stamps to a billionaire is an amazing example of social mobility that is definitely not the norm. The fact that he wasn't poor for his adult life is just one detail of the greater story. You're looking at it from the perspective of a person that can't really afford a Tesla. When you look at the world and say "What's the best bang for the $100k I'm going to spend on my next car?" then you may feel a Tesla is a good monetary value based on resale value or other factors even though it's not the most economical way you could transport yourself back and forth to work. If you were going to steal bitcoins in this manner you'd run them through a number of tumblers. Tumblers are essentially the laundering facility for bitcoins. Lots of coins from various locations come in, put into a pool, and then get sent back out. There's no way to track coins you receive back to a particular transaction. Since 6% of all bitcoins are stolen, more than likely anyone holding bitcoins has a good chance of holding some stolen ones. I went all the way through differential equations in engineering school and don't know how to do anything with matrices. shrug If I delete my wallet and all the backups, it might still be in the blockchain but it's effectively gone forever because it can never be spent. The fact that those private banks did not have their shareholders wiped out completely and no one went to jail are the problems I have with TARP. During the savings and loan crisis in the 80s there were a dozen task forces in the DOJ, over 1000 FBI agents were tasked with investigating the banks. It resulted in over 1,000 felony convictions. This financial crisis is significantly worse and we've had virtually no effort put into finding out the root causes. If nothing else we have internal e-mails from banks like Bank of America acknowledging that they knew they were selling junk bundled as AAA rated bonds which amounts to fraud. There's all sorts of evidence of collusion in the industry around getting those bond ratings and around selling them as something they were not. And that's just the stuff an armchair investigator can pull out of news articles over the years. Nothing compared to what a forensic accountant could determine. It's of course unrelated but when it was found that HSBC was found guilty of laundering money for drug lord the DOJ decided not to prosecute because doing so was a systemic risk. It doesn't take much to understand that there were no prosecutions from the banking crisis because of a fear of systemic risk. Most people just throw away those compostable paper filters and they wind up buried in an oxygen deprived environment where they will never biodegrade. I wonder which one compresses into smaller land fill space: the paper filter or the plastic k-cup. With the DMCA it is illegal for competitors to reverse engineer the DRM to produce compatible products. I want to take a step back here. Two things are fairly clear to me. The first is that there would've been a housing bubble with or without illegal activity. I think that's something we agree on. I personally feel the biggest contributing factors were the repeal of Glass-Steagall, as you mentioned, coupled with the need for the fed to keep interest rates too low for too long. They were low from the dotcom bust, but after 9/11 had to be extended to prop the economy back up. What's also clear to me, but perhaps not to you, is that there was also a lot of illegal activity going on by the banks that took advantage of what was going on in the industry. I mean seriously, there have been exactly 2 banker convictions since all this started going down. There should be more than 2 banker convictions just as a matter of course due to the statistical probability at any person might be committing a crime at a random time. That so much money was made under so many shady circumstances followed shortly by the open admission by the DOJ that they would not prosecute HSBC bankers due to systemic risk make it pretty clear that there was plenty for the feds to go after but they chose not to. My access to coffee is a human rights issue. The ability to use a printer is not. One million dollars in $100 bills is 10,000 bills. A bill is 0.010922 cm in thickness. That would be 109.2 cm. That would be a stack of bills just over 3 1/2 feet high if you made a single stack. You could probably fit a million bucks in a decent sized brief case and could definitely fit it inside a duffle bag. It doesn't take dump-trucks to steal a million bucks. This is somewhat mitigated with the Android Play store and the iTunes app store. I haven't used the Win8 store thing yet, but it should resolve these issues for most users. That's why even though I prefer an open ecosystem for my own devices I do appreciate the need for semi-closed ecosystems for non tech savvy users. I fail to see how 99% of USD, which are just records in a database, is different than bitcoins in that regard then. The failure I would argue is in the original analogy of taking physical money to begin with. First, your boss is a jerk and is obviously trying to get rid of you as others have stated. Secondly though, please consider that just because you're working 11 hours a day doesn't mean your boss/company considers you valuable. I've seen lots of cases where a guy works 10 hours a day but simply isn't a productive member of the team. Others work maybe 2-3 hours per day and are the most productive people around. I don't know you or your situation but it's entirely possible that your long work hours are just not being used effectively. In addition to finding a new job I would seriously suggest that you take a moment to reflect on how others (not just your boss) consider your value as a productive team member and be careful not to confuse the fact that someone at work might think you're an awesome guy personally with whether or not they think you're highly productive. Even if you're NOT productive, your boss is horrible and the company you work for is horrible so you should leave anyways. I hope it works out for you and you find better, happier employment in the future. In high school my calculus teacher was part of an experiment where they gave teachers the SAT. They gave the teachers the regular version of the SAT as a baseline and then gave the teachers a special version that contained only the answers choices in the multiple choice without the questions. Teachers essentially had to use their intuition about the types of answers the SAT looks for to take the test. The teachers each scored in the same approximate percentile as when they all received both the questions and answers. That is to say, the teachers that knew how to analyze the test itself (not the questions) scored better than those who didn't. Yes, correct. They scored in the same percentile, not the same nominal score. This was the most infuriating thing for me with my daughter. She was tested in kindergarten to read at a 3rd grade level. She also was beginning to learn multiplication, fractions, etc. I went to her school and asked her about special programs for her, potentially skipping grades, etc. Their response was essentially that in a couple years time the other kids would catch up. Well, of course the other kids will catch up, you're going to tie a big anchor to my daughter that she has to drag through a bunch of boring curriculum she already knows. Whether or not there is shame in getting help for your depression is cultural. Saying so on a hackernews post doesn't change the reality on the ground for any potential viewer in, for example, Japan or China. I do consulting work and here's what I do. Maintain high level skills in one or more of the most popular languages. This is easily found by doing searches for popular languages on any jobs site. Right now my bankable job skill is Java. There's a ton of work for it, it pays pretty good, and keeps me busy. I also pick up languages that I simply find interesting even though there may not be jobs for that skill. So I might pick up Scala, Ruby, etc. even though there's not currently jobs for those skills in my local area. And honestly at this point, if you pick Java or .NET and maintain your skillsets with new versions as the platforms advance, you could probably make an entire career out of those languages. There's so much code out there that you can be maintaining it for a lifetime without having to try hard. It may wind up being less interesting work decades from now when people are using the new whizbang, but there's always going to be work. You don't have to get them to delete it. Just defund them so they can't afford to do it in the future. The data will be worthless pretty quickly as it ages. It seems to me that they are sending out packets identifying themselves as facebook. If you're not using SSL this is expected to be possible. If you are using SSL to communicate with FB then it's likely that the NSA has the private keys for FB's SSL certificates. Luxembourg is a magnet because the UK government is stupid and creates taxes that are easily avoidable. IME great developers and great managers are attracted to each other. The few times I've been on great teams (I'm a developer) when the top one or two devs left, the team fell apart. Same thing happened on other teams when the great PM left. The talented people with career mobility know when they're put in a bad spot and have the ability to get out. Well, most dealerships are probably used car dealerships that almost certainly qualify as small businesses. Of course, that has little to do with our current conversation. I'm just feeling extra pedantic today. I'm not a novelist but I rather enjoy being able to annotate my work with the review features in Word. That's the primary benefit to me over a plain text editor. I would assume an author working with editors and such would find these features to be even more valuable. I think it's important to recognize that not all innate abilities are created equally. Innate intelligence will make you a social pariah but innate ability in a physical skill that results in you being an amazing basketball player will make you Michael Jordan. Actually, prison is exactly the type of place we invented for the sole purpose of putting people we find disagreeable. We create laws to attempt to define disagreeable behavior and intentionally keep them vague enough that if someone gets out of line we can lock them up. Did I miss something? The only thing he states he's actually learned from female founders so far is that women and men express confidence differently. I was hoping for more substance. He didn't even talk about how men and women express confidence differently. IMO the article was a waste. Our prisons are primarily filled with unpopular people. We tend to refer to them as minorities. Some specific examples off the top of my head of intentionally vague law is when there's purely subjective decisions as to whether a crime is just a "regular" crime or a "hate crime." There also seems to be a lot of ambiguity around what exactly constitutes copyright infringement or the legal vs illegal varieties of hacking. I worked for a company once that had a suggestion box. If you made a non-anonymous suggestion that wound up saving the company money you got 10% of the savings over 2 years. While I was there no one got rich off of it but a few people got some nice bonuses. I don't understand why more people don't do this. I've been coding in Java for over 10 years. If I ran across pretty much any project that wasn't including Apache commons I'd be startled. I get your point, but some libraries are in such common use that for all practical purposes I consider them part of the language API. To me I think he's clearly qualified to make all sorts of judgements about Perl. For opinions on Java, I'll look to people who have written well reviewed 500+ page books on Java. It's currently better than it has ever been with in the open source movement as it pertains to mainstream computing. Never before have so many consumers had so many devices with so much open software under the hood. Of course it may not be what you hoped for, but it's hard to argue it's not better than it was, say, in the 90s. Generally, yes. Short term capital gains are taxed at a higher rate than long term capital gains. Theoretically you could probably choose any arbitrary price on the day you "receive" the bitcoins.. which given the nature of bitcoin price fluctuations could be significant. The other side of the equation is that serif fonts are easier to read. What is the cost in time and/or productivity that a person might lose by utilizing a font that is less easy to read? You guys all seem so altruistic. I never focus on titles. I focus on maximizing my income to effort ratio with a side of trying to do work that interests me. If someone wants to pay me more and call me a junior developer with no responsibility? That'd be just fine by me. I just bought my daughter a Chromebook for her 7th birthday. I seriously doubt she's looking for anything unsavory at this age but I let her use it unsupervised and don't intend to start supervising her in the future. I have mixed feelings. I mean the entire game could be copied in 2 days? Sounds like a serious lack of content in your game. I do feel bad for them though, they might miss their chance to have the game of the month and sell for a billion bucks. >Sure, he might be innocent, but he really needs to put out a statement clarifying what his involvement was and what he knew. Why does he need to do that? What benefit will it be to him? If he said he was unaware of any underhandedness would you believe him? Do you think that if he was aware that he wouldn't have signed NDAs about these things? You get a lot more integration than you probably think with Google Now. It reads my e-mail to keep track of my upcoming flights and packages being delivered. It checks out my calendar and will conveniently provide directions to events on my schedule. There's not a great level of integration for the google chat and voice features yet, but it's coming I'm sure. If you're unfamiliar with Wu-Tang you may enjoy this video which is GZA rhyming about the big bang. Wu-Tang is pretty much the opposite of what the stereotype about rap culture is. They are intelligent and try to spread positivity in the world. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ajs48XRlOqc I wonder if you'll get to listen to their album on "Beats" by Dre. Yeah, I guess if you want 3rd party integration via an API you're probably looking for Apple's Passbook. It'll be interesting to see what MSFT does here and how long it'll take for all three to merge into a similar set of features. >It is a fallacy to believe that businesses operate efficiently simply because there is a profit motive. I think the purpose of this adage is that businesses operate more efficiently than government entities. Not with perfect efficiency. I wonder if 42PB of data would trigger a bandwidth cap on my T-Mobile unlimited 4G plan. Marc Andreessen is on the board of Facebook. My guess is he wants to pump it up and then get Facebook to buy them. That was sort of the joke, but T-Mobile has real unlimited with no throttling or caps. Startups are not (usually) engineering firms with super high quality requirements. My first job (still in college) was at a startup. I was the only developer under the CIO. It was a java webapp and both of us barely knew Java when we started. It worked pretty well, we had minimal serious quality issues compared to most companies I've worked at, we had zero unit tests and a shoe-string budget. That company is still going strong and has made millions off the project I started practically on my own over 10 years ago. When I went to that list I was specifically looking for underscore.js and date.js. Seeing a serious project that does not use these libraries makes me twitch. Yeah, underscore was there but date wasn't. I guess my point was that there wasn't a date.js or some reasonable equivalent time library because date/time programming sucks. I installed the servers in the rack at the data center, configured the load balancers, installed and configured the database with a hot backup and wrote 90%+ of the application code when we went live. You don't need people with all that much experience. I've been building mobile apps for about 2-3 years. The company I consult for builds iOS first... not because of any design/coding difficulty though. Not to beat this very dead horse anymore but iOS users pay more frequently... so we go iOS first to determine if it's even worth it to build for Android. A more "use-case" example than your other responses.. I believe Amazon uses a NoSQL database for their product data. It's tons of reads and relatively few writes. They don't give a crap about transaction quality for product descriptions, comments, etc. However, when you get to the checkout page and they start doing things like taking your money and updating their inventory... that's and ACID compliant database. When you're dealing with money you want transactions, rollbacks, etc. I feel like the word transients is too often used to refer to homeless people. My impression is that AirBnB caters primarily to upper middle class vacationers. Are they really a problem? This is a serious question as I've never had to deal with this sort of problem. MJOLNIR? lol, nice. It won't matter. The response will be, "Without releasing the source no one would've ever found the bug. Now think of how many bugs were found that haven't been responsibly disclosed!" Step 1: Go home Step 2: Work on something that interests me My home work environment is set up with minimal active distractions (no coworkers, no TV in sight, etc.). Working on something I'm interested in causes me to naturally ignore more passive distractions such as messing with my phone, doodling, etc. I've never gotten a signing bonus, and no one I know has gotten one since the 90s. I certainly wouldn't do it, even if it meant my job. My information has a cost. If you want to sit down with me and go line by line through my linked in network you'll have to pay me above and beyond my normal compensation just for the leads, more money if it results in a hire. That's basically what LinkedIn is about. You're not going to be going through my facebook for any price. That's akin to inviting over your friends for dinner as a guise for your new multi-level marketing scheme. Not happening. It's probably in location. I'm in Orlando which is a 2nd tier IT hub, not a 1st tier like the valley or NY. I was thinking the same, and I have the LG Nexus 5. Most current gen smart phones without contract are more like $600. The bigger problem is that with such a low quantity of these devices on the market it'll be hard to get accessories like waterproof cases and such. I'll probably still try to get one, but that's definitely a downside. The guy in the article mentioned his supplier of MDMA explicitly. I assume he has a different supplier for his different drugs. I don't make a distinction with regard to party size. If I want to go out, I go out whether I have someone with me or not. I don't understand why people are so hung up about it. I'll be just as happy going to a restaurant or movie alone as with friends. That's fine and all but I need to have something that can run in a browser and communicate over a serial port. My two options there are an IE plugin/extension/addon or a Java applet. Personally, I find that writing an addon in C# to run in IE is the nicest, cleanest solution even though I generally dislike IE as a browser. /your company's developer I'm a professional programmer that went to engineering school and I can't be fussed to start up hangouts with anyone. It seems like it takes a full 30 minutes to get everyone in the same hangout and I always feel like a buffoon for suggesting. Pardon the vagueness.. but, this use case was a hosted web app, so it only exists in a browser. Some customers required the use of driver's license scanners in order to expedite their business process. Not using Active-X or something like it would've meant writing a whole new fat client UI for the group of users that needed the DL scanners. The simpler solution is to write a little shim and have the native code populate the previously existing form fields. Aside from feeling a little bit dirty, it worked pretty well. Where I live I can pay a small premium to have my power generated by renewable sources. Electrons are fungible on the grid so I assume they have it worked out on the back-end of the provider just supplying X load to the grid. MIT offers degrees in gender studies, anthropology, theater, etc. Not everyone at MIT is a computer geek. I agree with you, but I don't see how it matters in this context. The GGP implied that MIT students who don't protect their bitcoins "deserve" to have them stolen. The assumption by the poster seemed to be that MIT students would necessarily be technically savvy enough to protect their bitcoins. That's definitely not necessarily true since there's plenty of non-technical majors offered at MIT. I keep my cash on hand folded up in a leather wrapper in my pocket. I recognize this isn't super-safe so I pay someone a small fee for the privilege of storing most of my money in a giant commercial vault and/or on computer systems protected by industry experts, tons of regulation, insurance, and a full faith backing by the United States federal government. I get this with practically no skill or know-how. In practice, it's really the only way reasonably convenient to store and manage my money. Nothing like this exists for bitcoins. The idea that a layman is going to reasonably protect their bitcoin assets is silly. I kind of like that things are standardized/regulated in the Java space. If you're using anything close to industry standard tools and methodologies I can come in and be an effective member of your team faster. I know it can sometimes be more exciting to build something in a way no one else has ever built it before, but it's usually a bad business decision to do so. This is one of the reasons why I still lament javascript. It seems like everyone and their mother is using a different framework to accomplish essentially the same task. The flavor of the week last exactly that long: a week. I'd be interested in knowing what Facebook's privacy policies are regarding private messages. Are they data mined? Did the congrats on the baby message result in baby related advertising? I prefer to go the opposite route. When any of my close friends is having a baby I sign up for all the baby clubs with approximately the same due date, then hand over all the free samples and good coupons to the real expectant parents. Some of our friends and family did this when my ex-wife and I were having our daughter, it saved us a bundle. I have always assumed that chat programs that interact directly with texting (google voice) are regulated by the telecom privacy laws. Can anyone answer definitively whether or not google voice messages can be mined? I've had employers make me sign contracts that strictly forbade moonlighting and anything I developed while employed there belonged to them. I no longer work there, and don't sign agreements like that anymore, but they exist and aren't terribly uncommon. The reason why index funds are better is because they're generally managed by a very simple computer algorithm which means very very low fees compared to actively managed funds. If you look over the lifetime of someone's 401k it's really shocking how much is eaten up in fees. Also, over long periods of time you're generally not going to beat the market. What you pointed out about the DJIA having lots of fluctuation, particularly during crashes, is why it's important to keep investing a little every paycheck. That way when stocks are low you're buying more shares. It's a sale! Poe's Law Well there ARE FCC restrictions on what frequencies you're allowed to transmit on. Most frequencies are "owned" by someone that has the right to transmit cell phone, radio, television, or other data across them. You may recall, for example, that there was a big bidding war several years ago when some of the old UHF bands were sold off. There are some open frequencies which you're allowed to broadcast without a license on, these are the ones that your cordless house phone and such will transmit on. Whether or not this is a legitimate reason for the closed source antenna code is beyond my scope of knowledge. After I uploaded my music collection to google music I've since bought 50 or so songs on the service. Before that I'd only purchased one CD from a local band in the last decade. So a good solid product at a reasonable price converted me. Class actions work well when a great number of people are harmed for a relatively small sum each. Let's say company XYZ screwed up something in their product that is worth about $100 damage per incident, but it impacts 250k customers. It's really not worth it for any one person to sue XYZ for $100. But with a class action at least XYZ will feel some pinch for their wrong-doing. Well, compared to the individual suing which would cost them potentially tens of thousands of dollars in lawyer fees for their $100 verdict, they did pretty darn well to get your coupon for a free frostie. All too often the person between me and the people who keep changing their minds are sales people who will tell the customer that everything is possible, and usually for free. To be honest most of the java code I write is just gluing a bunch of libraries together to accomplish the desired task. I read through a bunch of the comments and it seems like the author was a victim of her own attitude. She talks about how she intended to employ and empower women in her workplace. It sounds like she might have started with a pro-woman bias but it had the negative side effect of creating a more "casual" environment with the women than the men. The men continued to interact with her professionally but the women interacted more casually and therefore took feedback more personally. I've personally worked in a number of professional environments with men and women and never seen this from any woman that had any sort of professional job. I have seen it among low paid wage jobs, but no more often than the violent or other harassing outbursts from men in those types of jobs. TD? Technical Director? I had never considered that before but I presume you're onto something there. There's likely some commercial interest or government subsidy/tax implications that come into play as to why business and residential pay different rates for the same line. Can I send money from my credit card to my debit card? Because that's how you get frequent flier miles. Lots and lots of frequent flier miles. If Google et. al. can manually punish you, they should be able to manually un-punish you also. That this feature doesn't exist is a serious design flaw. A human being should always be able to look at a site and say, "Nope, you're good." and let you be ranked naturally again. Presumably by a mechanism similar to how they would decide which sites to manually look at when doing manual punishments. I've worked with women my whole life in tech. I sit right next to one currently and she's an awesome talent and from what I can tell is an equal member of the team. I do see some passive things like their opinions not being heard as much and I think that has almost as much to do with how they speak (not with confidence) as it does their gender. I try to make a point to listen more carefully and help promote the ideas of my female coworkers when they are good. I've never seen nor heard of any of the more overt things mentioned in the blog post like being groped or anything of the sort. Probably the worst I've heard is the guys lamenting that there are no women on the team and commenting that they can't find women interviewees that have the skills required for the type of project we were doing. Before Google started charging for its "Shopping" results you could use Google to effectively search ebay. Now, not so much. If I'm searching for someone, perhaps someone I'm starting a romantic relationship with, that horrible thing you were accused of 10 years ago is exactly the type of data I'm looking for. I haven't checked into it lately but Apple certainly used to ban any competing apps from its app store. So if you had an iTunes competitor, you weren't going to get it released for iOS. http://www.cnet.com/news/apple-blocks-competitive-products-f... Nearly every single woman I know google searches their dates to check for domestic violence or other problematic charges. Actually, my answer to "What tends to get mocked?" is quite different from yours. My answer is "Everything that is not what is currently being tested." So if I'm testing method Foo.bar, all of the method calls that leave Foo.bar are mocked. If Foo.bar calls A.b(), A will be mocked as its functionality is not currently under test. The only real exception is if A.b() is a trivial implementation and I don't already have A mocked for some other reason. If A.b() is a setter/getter, for example, I might not mock it. Tests are generally for making sure your code appropriately handles cases where Foo behaves a certain way. That could be returning a certain value or throwing an exception, whatever types of branches you might have. Foo's implementation doesn't matter, therefore it gets mocked. If Bar doesn't, for example, throw the same exceptions, you've changed your method behavior and it makes sense to also update your tests/mocks. Rather than have a different color code for each type of event, I have 3 different calendars on Google Calendars. One is my personal stuff. One is my ex-wife's work schedule, which is relevant because the third one is our daughter's schedule as she goes back and forth between us. I also have some calendars added that are managed externally such as a hockey team's game schedule, etc. Each calendar displays as a different color in the UI. Google Calendar may very well be a great solution for you. This is interesting I think... iPad: Kindle Fire, Nexus 7 Apple TV: Kindle Fire TV, Chromecast iTunes: Amazon Prime Streaming TV + now music, Google Play iPhone: Kindle Fire Phone, Nexus 4 I think they're all playing for the same territory. The big difference seems to be that Apple really only sells the technology. Google sells the technology so that they can sell advertising for third party products. Amazon has the only complete end to end solution where they sell you the products and advertise for their own "other stuff" they sell. IMHO Amazon is going to be the big winner in the long run. Whether or not that's good for all of us is yet to be determined. Google Goggles was always able to look at pictures of all sorts of things and provide you with more information about them, including but not limited to UPC codes, books, etc. The rub lies in the fact that Google wouldn't actually sell those third part products but Amazon more than likely does. I agree with you entirely on X-Ray. I don't have any Fire products personally but that's clearly a missing integration on the competing devices. X-ray is really cool. Imagine if you were watching a video on your iPad and decided you wanted to see more information about one of the actors on screen. With X-Ray you can click on their face and it'll automatically bring up their IMDB info. This is a really cool integration that is lacking in competing devices. I'm not saying things like that make up for the inferior app store, just that it's really cool. Google sells you a device so they can show you an ad encouraging you to buy a rake. In turn Google gets a sliver of the profits from selling a rake in the form of ad revenue. Amazon sells you a device so they can show you an ad encouraging you to buy a rake. Amazon sells you the rake, has it delivered in 2 days, and makes 100% of the profit. It's not that people will actively look for that integration, but that it exists gives Amazon a significant advantage imho. Amazon and Google both also sell apps, songs, books, and films. Apple's selection is larger, but they're all somewhat equal in the sense that they have similar offerings. Would you mind explaining preferences and ratchets? Nearly every place I've worked I've had two divergent messages come my way. The first is usually that I'm really productive, positive member of the team, and this shows up in reviews, promotions, etc. The other is that I just don't look like I give a shit about anything we're doing. The truth is that I honestly don't get emotionally invested in any of it. I'm emotionally invested in my career and love new technology, enjoy learning, etc. But if the proverbial shit hits the fan then it's a minor nuisance because I'll probably be working late for the night or for the next few weeks depending on how big of a problem has arisen. Maybe I'm doing something wrong but HN doesn't notify me when someone responds or something like other communication platforms do. If and when someone responds to a question on here I assume they are not ever going to check it again. I know I almost never do. The only exception is if there's sort of a conversation going on with responses every few minutes. Once it's been a few hours, or god forbid the next day, I'm highly unlikely to go back. Also, if it's a 1on1 discussion with someone via e-mail, skype, or some form of private message, I'll almost always say thank you. But if I put a question up on an open forum and one or more persons happen to respond I tend not to say thanks. I dunno why, it just doesn't seem to be common internet etiquette to do so. A quick google search on a couple big name technical help question sites shows that it's not very common for people to say thanks for open ended questions to the community. That's what I use, but I am generally only going to check responses on the most recently couple of posts. And I'm afraid the 2nd page suffers the same fate as Google results that are beyond the first page... never getting seen. I would suggest joining unions and encouraging others to join them. With all the nonsense coming out of Google, Microsoft and others regarding wage warfare against their own employees I'm shocked that developers haven't unionized. That's because people don't understand that publishers do a lot more than just "publish." They also provide editors, professional typescripting/page layout (whatever you call that), connect authors with artists for covers or other graphic work in/on the book itself, and marketing. Those are huge value ads that will continue to be important forever. I'd also like to point out that unions would likely offer much greater protection for the likes of Snowden. There would be viable paths to take within the union and would likely result in not having to run off to Russia. Honestly, it's hard to organize people for any type of movement that are in the top 10-20% of incomes in the country. Yes, we may all be getting screwed, but we're still making bank compared to most. Authors can buy those services directly but why bother trying to source and vet those things yourself? Some might, and I know the HN crowd is very much of the "I can do everything" mentality. But most people will be happy to pay an intermediary to do those things that are outside of their wheelhouse. It would be interesting to see an analysis of what the economic impact of these depressed wages has been. $3 Billion is probably not too far off the mark. Probably not $3 Billion directly to the programmers impacted, but definitely to the broader economy. In Java culture immutable generally means private final member with only a getter and no setter. I would argue that this is good OO design as the purpose of OO design is to protect your interface from future design changes. If you need to change your accessor, you already have one. If the member needs to be mutable at a later date you need only remove the final keyword and potentially add a setter. The interface remains backwards compatible. I think the large percentage of people that see Android as 2nd class don't know what an OS is, nor are they likely to become aware of this issue. Eventually it will just be a pair of contact lenses, or even an ocular implant. The argument is that the "status quo" of people randomly handing out food on occasion just reinforces the status quo. And I think we can all agree that the status quo is not so great. So, what types of things do you want to encourage? Well, we'd want to encourage homeless people to do things like get actual healthy meals that are appropriate for their medical needs, get involved in jobs programs, get health screenings, and have safer places to sleep at night. How do you get these things? Well, you do it by encouraging the homeless to get involved with institutions that provide these programs on a wide-scale basis. When you do that you get information about how effective or ineffective the programs are about improving the quality of lives of the homeless as well as potentially even moving them out of homelessness altogether. It would be nice if people could all be rational actors, have this explained to them, and when they see a homeless person they could perhaps direct them to the local facility that is best equipped to handle their specific needs. But you know what? Experience tells us that isn't going to happen. That's why the law gets involved and does things like make panhandling and giving out food in city parks illegal. You say you don't have all the answers, but what you are saying is that you do have an answer: the status quo. It may not be perfect but it definitely stands to reason that getting the homeless directly involved with professional organizations that intend to help them is likely going to be better for everyone in the long run than putting the homeless in the very precarious position of having to panhandle for money or food from complete strangers who generally will have no idea how to actually help homelessness. The issue is the realization that feeding the homeless in unstructured environments is a net negative. It makes people feel good because, "Look, I helped that guy eat today." But the reality is that guy could've likely eaten a meal more appropriate to his specific health needs in a location best suited to help him with medical aid, psychiatric help, and job skills/placement. So we have this terrible predicament where people feel good about something that actually hurts people because they don't know better. It would be nice if education programs worked and people wised up and stopped feeding the homeless randomly, but you know what? It just doesn't work. We've tried that. So now the law is involved. It may sound crazy, but we have to get people to stop hurting the homeless by encouraging terribly unsafe behaviors like panhandling. I'd settle for a fast enough internet connection and Netflix. I SHOULD have Gigabit to my house for cheap but.. reasons. I can only speak from my own perspective. I realized, that for me, I would always feel like someone was taking advantage of me. If it wasn't other developers, it was BAs/sales or even the management (or owner for small companies). The only way I got over it was to become a consultant. This allowed me to completely emotionally divest myself from stupid mistakes the company makes. I never have to think about how my review is horribly inaccurate, or anything else. I make my hourly wage, I do a good job, and people like it when I work for them. At the end of the day I go home and no one is calling me in the middle of the night to deal with issues. Everyone is different, so there's no telling what will make you happy, but for me, that changed my whole outlook on working and dramatically improved my emotional fitness. I live in Orlando, the city that got some infamy a number of years ago for banning the public unstructured feedings. I feel confident in saying that education seems to have failed, but banning seems to have been fairly successful at least with respect to curbing the behavior. So that leaves the question of whether or not it's a net negative. Panhandling is demonstrably dangerous, and an argument for unstructured feeding is an argument for the status quo. I can definitely say that the status quo is an abject failure. As for the structured efforts, those must be measured and improved on an individual basis. They certainly have their own issues, but at least in my city those structured feeding facilities also provide access and information on medical care, job placement, and other assistance that is relevant to the homeless population. Well, it literally cost a user nothing to create a new link to the same data. Meanwhile the copyright holder would have to submit a DMCA take down for every single link before a new link could be created. Also, MegaUpload changed their policy to only allow one request at a time. So you couldn't, for example, submit a list of the thousand links to your movie. You'd have to submit 1,000 DMCA take downs. I think it's pretty obvious they were doing everything in their power to drag their feet and facilitate copyright infringement. Dragging your feet is a crime if it's reasonable to believe that the purpose of dragging your feet is to facilitate crime. And I think anyone with a brain recognizes that's what was going on. No, google meaningfully acted to abide by the DMCA take downs and over time progressively improved its tooling to facilitate that. Mega did the exact opposite. Because it's not like fuel. Most people have a fairly inelastic demand for fuel. You kinda have to drive to work. You really don't need apps, and no one needs to make the apps. Running sales can increase consumer demand. Increasing the profit margins for developers could increase supply of quality apps, thereby increasing net revenues for Apple on a smaller cut of the pie. I rather like the current system for it's simplicity and while of course I'd like them to charge less I think their cut is reasonable. When I read "CURRENT" I assumed that was the label for the most current stable release. I would expect NIGHTLY or ALPHA/BETA for something that shouldn't be used for important things. I agree you should read and understand what you're downloading and running in production. And I'd like to think that if I were in a position such that I was making those decisions I'd not make the mistake of assuming CURRENT meant current stable release. I'm just saying, reading the post I originally had assumed that's what current meant. The 44 counts thing is kind of ludicrous unless he literally made 44 separate attempts at SQL injection at different times rather than 44 separate HTTP requests. Having said that, I think the punishment for "attempted hacking" should be fairly harsh in the way "attempted robbery" is. He was likely attempting to steal copies of information or perhaps even destroy information that could've cost thousands or perhaps even millions to recover depending on who he'd gone after. There are a number of passive things you can do to gain some trust in an online vendor. You can, for example, look for certifications from a service like SiteLock. To maintain the brick and mortar analogy, you wouldn't try to pick the locks of a storefront after hours just to determine whether or not you should do business with them. And if you get caught doing that, I dare say you deserve to be charged with a crime. Someone didn't just get bored and fill a form field with random garbage. We're talking about attempting a SQL injection attack which shows clear intent. There are ways to determine if a site is secure without attempting to gain unauthorized entry. You can look for third party certifications, a valid SSL certificate, etc. This is similar to the analogy of looking around at your bank to see they have a security person, locks, cameras, etc. protecting your safe deposit box. You don't go try to break into the bank to determine if it's reasonable to put your assets in the box there. I'm not saying that people never put random garbage in a form field. We're talking about a specific incident where a person apparently made at least 44 requests attempting to perform SQL injection. The intent of unauthorized access or destruction of information. When you get caught trying to pick the lock at your bank you can argue you weren't trying to exceed authorized bounds or cause harm all you want but I doubt it will get you very far. While I may have disagreed with you, I felt your original position was a reasonable one. Now you're attacking the straw man of someone being brought up on charges for an apostrophe in a form field. When that happens I'll gladly join you in declaring the ludicrousness of those charges. The remark about there being 44 instances was in direct reference to the idea that it could have just been random stuff put into form fields. I've already stated I think that being brought up on 44 counts is abuse and shouldn't have stood up in court. However, even if it's just 44 form fields that's far more than enough to show intent to perform SQL injection and not just an oopsie bad copy/paste or errant form entry. It seems clear that he was attempting to gain unauthorized access to information. What he intended to do with that information is irrelevant. While 3rd party certifications might not hold the vigor of FDIC insurance you are unlikely to put information on a website that is as valuable or irreplaceable as what you put into a safe deposit box. Most of time we're talking about a name, address, and potentially credit card information as the maximum damage possible. Well, your name and address are almost certainly already public record. Your credit card similarly has excellent protection and aside from some incredibly rare nightmares most people who have their CC info stolen are back to normal within a few days of calendar time and less than an hour of time actually spent dealing with the issue. If you're putting something more valuable on the website you're perfectly within reason to contact the vendor and request permission to perform a security analysis or have your own trusted security analysis vendor perform such tests. This happens all the time in business. You can feel assured that only people who are paid to tug on the levers or people who are breaking the law are the only people tugging the levers at every company you conduct business with. And the literal "tuggin on the lever" analogy is really poor. A closer analogy would be, "I know many locks are vulnerable to being opened with a specially crafted bump key. I will walk around the building after hours and attempt to use a bump key on all the doors to ensure it's safe to conduct business here." The word "SQL injection attack" has the word "attack" right there in the name. It's not innocuous. And there are plenty of places you can go where you're permitted to perform the types of analysis you're talking about without repercussions. If you want to be a locksmith you don't wander your neighborhood randomly attempting to break into houses as part of your training. And that's why we have DAs, grand juries, judges, and juries. If someone gets brought up on charges for literally putting an apostrophe in a form field on a website the system has failed because there's no clear intent to perform an attack of any kind in that case. When that happens, let's talk. I'm not out of my depth, this is what I do for a living. Verifying that a site is using valid SSL is one of the myriad of tools at your disposal to make sure a site is taking reasonable safety precautions with your data. That, accompanied by a third party trusted certification that indicates some basic penetration testing has been performed is reasonable protection for almost any data you'd be putting on the internet. Around here the only real exceptions to that rule are defense contractors. I believe there's something in their contracts with the government where they can charge more for people who have higher degrees, doesn't even matter what type of degree you have. Your appearance is a form of communication. If you communicate message X to me I'm going to respond accordingly to X until you somehow communicate you'd prefer response Y. As soon as you do I'm happy to adapt and give you what you want, but it's unfair to chastise me for giving you a response appropriate to X first. I've been coding professionally for 15 years and only have one such story. I once worked with a guy who had supposedly been coding professionally for over 10 years, the most recent 5 of those in Java. He, in all seriousness, asked me how to sort a List. I can forgive not knowing the Collections interface in Java, but not being able to google it and figure it out as a senior developer and team lead is troubling. Conversely, there have been plenty of people who I would call anti-workers. They technically accomplished "something" but the quality of work was so bad that the team would have been more productive without them. They were a net negative productivity for the team. At most companies I've worked at there was one of those. The long range reads are primarily used right now to detect that you were on a particular ride when your photo was taken so when you swipe your band they can pull up your photo for purchase. A lot of the other ideas they had for this tech was never brought to fruition because it creeped out a lot of the test guests. Source: I played a very very small role in making magic bands happen. I've had a customer complain that I was being too productive for their team of business/design folks to keep up. I literally got pulled aside and asked to slow down. I think it was making them look bad. I bought my "every day" glasses from a "legitimate store." In my case it was an eye doctor in my local Costco. Then I used all the measurements and information from my prescription to order some $15 prescription sunglasses from a cheapo online vendor. The fit was pretty good, but the tint was really lame and "cheap" looking. Fine for my purposes since I rare need sunglasses and I'm not particularly fashion sensitive, but I wouldn't have wanted to wear them all the time. You may infer here that I would've been fairly pleased with my cheapo lenses if I hadn't gotten them tinted. They'd have been an amazing deal for $15. Is "team lead" a real position defined by HR that comes with a pay raise higher than whatever the most senior dev title is? If it is, that's awesome. I've never actually seen that in any place I've worked. It's always more responsibility without pay, which I consider a net negative. I agree. Even if 100% of commercial properties that play music was using Spotify behind the scenes 24/7 that's still got to be only a small percentage of total Spotify plays. That's because the indie artists aren't looking at the big picture. They would be getting less than they hoped for from the Spotify model, but now you will likely never even hear about them. They're significantly hindering their growth potential and ability to sell concert tickets. The system isn't fucked. Those bands used to NEVER get radio play except from the occasional college radio station that almost nobody listened to. And many of those bands never even made it that big. Now they have listeners all over the world. And if there's a decent market for their music they will get concert ticket sales. Spotify has got to be the best marketing a small band can get, and Spotify pays you for the privilege of marketing for you. Those things aren't significantly different compared to pensions. In a pension your pension fund will be paying wall street fees. You have even less control to be able to do things like invest in real estate with a pension. At least in a 401k plan you can potentially invest in mutual funds that are proxies for real estate. I have an IRA through my employer (which happens to be my own company, but that's irrelevant). I can bet against the market via ETFs if I want in my IRA. Your employer just chooses a plan for you with crap flexibility. I think the biggest change has really been the social acceptance of massive consumer debt. I cringe so hard every time I hear someone say something like, "I paid down my credit card a bit so I could buy that new XBox." People didn't used to live that way and the removal of pensions had nothing to do with that. I would still put a lot of blame on Wall Street there, but not because of fees on retirement plans. All I need to do is shut down one of the robot overlords, root it, and flash it with Cyanogenmod. I don't need much in the way of resources to do that. The bad ISP in question is the People's Republic of China. That was a really good question so I looked it up. Apparently commercial use of Spotify is against their TOS. So while some businesses certainly do use Spotify illegally, it's not a piece of business they are trying to get. https://support.spotify.com/us/learn-more/faq/#!/article/pub... Honestly most companies I've worked for have blocked the entire Chinese IP block. Obviously Chinese hackers can use proxies but it honestly does cut out a TON of problems. The downside of course is you will never get a Chinese customer/viewer. In preparing to respond to this post I googled "China IP block" and pretty much every result was about how to configure .htaccess or iptables to block the entire country. I worked at a company with an anonymous suggestion box. I put a suggestion that we should donate some money to some of the open source projects we used. For many of those projects even a few hundred dollars is a big help. I wasn't expecting anything but the VP, who was the one that read those things, thought it was a great idea and that year we donated several thousand dollars from our budget surplus to a couple of the prominent open source projects we used. It may not happen, but it doesn't hurt to suggest it in your company. I've heard comments like yours before but this time it made me consider the other side of it. I wonder if your reaction is due to being a power user. If you've been a Windows power user for a while you're probably accustomed to doing things like setting PATH or other environment variables, installing/uninstalling things, starting and stopping services. If you have something that's a little "too much" like Windows but things are in a different place, that may be worse than starting from a mental framework of "completely different now." Particularly, I wonder if it is easier for nearly computer illiterate people to transition from Windows to something very close to Windows, or something else entirely. This isn't true at all. I am fairly "in demand" in my local development circles. There are a few companies that regularly call me up or email me when they need some work done. In the last year I've worked over 40 hours 3 times, none over 50. Most weeks I work between 35-40. Do good work and set appropriate boundaries. Meh. IT unemployment has been about 2% for YEARS. I can get a good job on a team I'll enjoy working with in less than a week. If you're a top tier IT name then it might be worth jumping through hoops, but I will wind up at companies with the least hassle in the hiring department. 15 years in the industry has told me that there's no strong correlation between hiring practices and team quality. Similarly, I send my resume out as a PDF. If they ask for it in Word format, I know it's going into that kind of system. I may or may not send it in Word format, but it's definitely a mark against them. I kind of hinted at that in my original post. If it's a named company that I explicitly desire to work for then I might be willing to jump through a couple of hoops. Generally speaking, though, the name on the sign is not a strong indicator of whether or not I'm interested in working there. I'm usually looking for some combination of salary, technology stack or cool project, and strong/intelligent team. Having a recognizable company name on my resume is a very very low priority. It's also true that for very very large loans banks already work together to spread the risk. Salary data is already available at places like salary.com. You can see what people with your job title in your area are making for free. If you're working at a software shop that doesn't even use source control I suggest you get out of there ASAP. It's one thing to be missing core tools and methodologies when you're applying for your second job 1-2 years in, but if you hit the 5 year mark and have zero familiarity with source control or web services (for industries where this is valuable), etc. you're going to get passed over for interviews. Staying there may be causing irreparable damage to your career. If you have developers who refuse to write tests and can't or won't communicate with the other people on the team, then it's definitely a management problem to not get rid of those people. And the culture of not getting rid of people is definitely one that tends to start pretty high up the chain of command. It has its upsides and downsides. When you are attempting to maintain a brand consistency of flavor is important. That requires a lot of processing. If someone is literally squeezing some oranges and giving you the juice, the flavor will be slightly different every time. In theory if you got a good original OS download the package managers would be doing all this verification automatically. Maybe that's acctually a good idea to consider as some sort of specification. Large file download via HTTP with some HTTPS checksum available via a single click. Yeah exactly, who is the audience here? For the average semi-computer literate office drone there's hardly any questions the jolly IT guy could ask that would seem out of place. You have to have a lot of domain knowledge to know that what's being asked isn't kosher. Probably the biggest clue is that the IT guy is "jolly." The IT guy generally isn't jolly. You know some shit is up :) Yeah, but that's not really the answer most people are looking for. They're not looking for water loss, they mean the fat cells. The resting metabolic rate thing is a myth. In fact if you google metabolism myths that's one of the biggest one. Just going off memory a pound of muscle burns like 10 calories per day while a pounch of fat burns like 5. So replacing a pound of fat with a pound of muscle nets you 5 calories burned per day. Not exactly amazing considering you need to burn about 3,500 calories to lose a pound of fat. Also consider... I'm a 33 year old 215lb man. An hour at the gym lifting weights is about 340 calories, or approximately the amount of calories you get by drinking a couple glasses of soda at lunch and dinner. You need 10 trips to the gym or 10 days without soda. Assuming you go to the gym 3 days per week, that's 3 weeks of exercising compared to 1.5 weeks of drinking water instead of soda. Yep, you're right. I'll fix it. Domain knowledge is expensive. Might as well buy a hand full of devs with the domain knowledge already in place. Glancing at the org chart is valuable to me because I prefer working for companies with a flat management structure rather than one with multiple levels of middle management. Knowing how many people are between you and the CEO can hint to you you something about the culture. Memorizing the names or anything on it does seem quite pointless though. If a really good person can be rendered unproductive with bad processes then that person is not in charge. I think a lot of contemporary ethics have to be questioned in this scenario. At what point, if any, do we sacrifice someone in order to prevent the potential spread of disease to the others? How do we feel about the death penalty? Euthanasia without explicit consent? The things we expect here are no longer practical. Forensics experts for alleged crimes, not to mention judges, juries, and lawyers. I think it's because they want to get a glimpse at the process, not just the end result. And you want to be able to ask questions along the way to see why they're doing what they're doing. You could put them on a computer, but to get that information you'd have to be watching over their shoulder which has most if not all of the problems you listed for whiteboard coding. I'd be interested in seeing what kind of (negative) correlation there is between giving a movie 1 star and watching it. It seems obvious to me that your assumption is true, that if you give a movie 1 star you'll likely never watch it. But human psychology/behavior is pretty stupid and often irrational. Roku ftw. Gosh I'm the opposite. I do consulting work and whether my clients want it or not the work I provide them utilizes several code analysis tools: findbugs, cobertura, checkstyle, and PMD. I simply don't write code without those tools present if it's even remotely reasonable to do so. I get so tired of this "sky is falling" crap. I've seen the outsourcing, I've seen the H1B fraud, I've seen the shit performance from IBM and virtually every other household name IT consulting firm out there. I've even seen the Google/MSFT/Apple salary collusion scandal. But you know what? In spite of ALL OF THAT five out of the top ten salaries for bachelor's degrees are all IT related. http://www.payscale.com/college-salary-report/majors-that-pa... IT unemployment has been 2% in my region for nearly a decade. That means everyone with any skills who wants a job has a job. I can hardly imagine how you could try to screw over IT workers any harder than is being done by the corporate big wigs and yet IT is still one of the best places to be. And if it gets bad? God help us, we can just unionize. But it's hard to convince people to organize and complain when they're making more money and enjoying more benefits than most people on the planet. Florida My point is that we're not actually being fucked. In spite of people trying to fuck us over right and left, it would appear we're winning. In what way? I anxiously await the plucky zoning committee that decides to make it a zoning requirement that all new roofs must be made of solar panels. I live in Orlando and our "public transit" is definitely "poor people with no other option transit." When I visit places like Chicago, New York, or DC I'm always jealous of the quality of public transportation there. We didn't get hired "as a team" but I started a gig about a year ago and during the interview process we talked about other types of roles they were hiring for. One was a perfect fit for a buddy of mine so we had a quick discussion about the benefits of hiring us both. It's a remote gig but my buddy and I are local to each other and have worked well together on previous projects. They wound up hiring us both but put us on separate teams. I felt they really missed out on having the two of us mesh well right off the bat with little social ramp up. They never explained why they split us up, so I can't begin to speculate. But I'm white, speak English, was born to a middle class family that valued education, and sit in the air conditioning all day for work. I'm clearly a hard worker. Now the guy who cuts my lawn? He was born in another country, came from a family that didn't value education or even speak English, and his office is 100 degrees in the summer here. He's clearly lazy. Let's say you have a REST request come in. In order to fulfill that request you need to make 10 REST requests of your own to various back-end systems. If you can make some of those requests asynchronously you'll greatly reduce your response time. While I suppose you could mangle your way through it multi-process, it seems like a bastardization of the model. I prefer arena football over the NFL and it's basically the people who couldn't make it into the NFL. 15% of the US population is on Medicare. 27% of households in 2011 had someone receiving Medicaid. Nearly 50% of houses get some form of federal welfare, WIC, CHIP, etc. Our system might not be perfect, but let's not pretend like we live in a "Fuck you I got mine!" world even if someone doesn't think we should adopt something like single payer. Can we at least admit to ourselves that what he built would have passed for a bomb in a movie? Because while I agree the whole thing was handled poorly, it's not completely implausible to think that was a bomb. I don't know about the drug cartels but the prison industry definitely lobbies. Depending on how it's done it could be viewed as anti-competitive. To give an exaggerated example, imagine if Apple, using its big pile of phone money, came into your company and offered 10x market rate for every company willing to leave that day with a guarantee of 3 years of employment at that rate. In my opinion that should trigger anti-competitive laws. And if that's true, then we're just talking about to what degree this type of behavior is allowed before it crosses the line. It doesn't sound like any lines were crossed to me in this case, I just thought it was an interesting thought experiment. I don't understand how having safeguards against anti-competitive behavior is in any way anti-capitalist. To say the engineers are the winners is very short sighted. The best scenario for all engineers on the market is to have multiple competitors competing for the best engineers with good salaries. It's not to have one of the vendors take a temporary loss in profitability in order to put everyone else out of business. The video on this page blew my mind. Hope it helps you understand how it's actually all states at once. http://themindunleashed.org/2015/06/new-mind-blowing-experim... If I walk up to a police officer and tell them I'm a threat to them I expect to get extra attention I probably won't like. Pretending like body language and other forms of communication don't send the same message is disingenuous. Not every restaurant has a defibrillator, but every restaurant may want one of these if it's really that effective. Darker skin does not equal threatening body language. While this research is interesting I don't know that it will ultimately be all that valuable to the average person in the real world. For the average person who just wants to lose some weight, we all know that we need to consume fewer calories. And if we still don't lose weight we need to consume fewer calories still. It's not that complicated. The core problem is actually going through with it and sticking to your reduced calorie intake. Getting your gut bacteria algorithm worked out for you isn't going to matter if you're still sneaking in the soda and Snickers as extra calories. I think the only real-world beneficiaries of this research will be people on the far end of the spectrum of health/body hacking like body builders or world class athletes. I suppose also people who are hospitalized for obesity related issues, but those are a small fraction of the population. I've worked in both types of environments and the companies where software is a cost center are just as bad if not worse than first class software companies with regard to latching onto a new technology or framework, half-assing an implementation, and then moving on to something else. The pattern seems to be to blame the framework rather than realizing the implementation was poor. "We made something and it sucked, must be the framework's fault!" As a person with a medical condition that causes me to choke more often than a normal person would, I usually excuse myself because rectifying the situation typically involves vomiting. I'm completely unfamiliar with both of those names but based on the way you phrased it I'm happy to accept your implication that police officers involved behaved inappropriately and probably illegally. I don't see what that has to do with what I said. If you're a white dude wearing a biker gang jacket and generally acting the fool I expect you to be harassed the same way I expect a black person wearing gang colors and reeking of pot to be harassed. This isn't rocket science. There are two Lockheed Martin campuses in my city. My city is the "Simulation Capital of the World" because of big money defense contracts. I can't begin to imagine the number of good, solid, upper middle class engineering and related jobs are in my city due to the bloated military budget. I disagree. If you don't want your email to look the way Gmail displays it, use a different client. I don't want a million configurations for how I could possibly have my mail displayed. Show me a good option. If I don't like it, I'll use a different option. That being said, one thing I really miss in Gmail compared to other options is being able to do things like sort by the sender and that sort of thing. Instead I have to search for that sender which often gives me many false positives. I once got a contract with $household_name_restaurant's corporate headquarters. The first day they didn't have a PC for me. Meh, that happens. Around the 3rd day they gave me a 5 year old Celeron laptop with 2GB of RAM. This was about 2 years ago and it was a Java gig. It was an impossible task and that set my mood for the entire time I was there. I helped them out as best I could but didn't extend the contract when it was over. I was unhappy pretty much every day. It's important to recognize that they also wanted to attack the US for at least a decade PRIOR to 9/11. So what was preventing them from doing it then? I think the key difference is that the Apollo program was ridiculously well supported by the populous and mass media. I casually follow what's going on with NASA and honestly I think I heard about Bush's lunar outpost thing one time. If you intend to negotiate something like them you need to GET IT IN WRITING FROM THEM before sending payment. If they don't send you an invoice or whatever with the proper total amount due on it, DO NOT SEND OUR MONEY. They will often lie to get you to send a payment and if you can't prove you negotiated the lower amount you will still owe. While it may have improved I feel like it's still quite low. Outside of the valley and a few other key cities we're still largely considered anti-social dweebs who can't talk to women, have regressive sexist ideologies, are pedantic assholes, etc. Definitely. I've heard several women friends of mine say they usually avoid dating men in IT. I've also personally gone on a date with a woman who said she was pleasantly surprised I could actually hold a conversation with her. I've heard terms like "engineer autism" to refer to the quirky social awkwardness that is associated with men in IT. I'm curious how you feel about characters like Abby from CSI or Felicity Smoak on Arrow compared to their male counterparts like Cisco on The Flash. You say you write good code in a number of languages but honestly I highly doubt it. If you really haven't stuck it out on any project for the long haul how could you possibly know that your code is any good? In my opinion one of the most important features of good code is long term maintainability. I do too, but that's mostly because my address bar googles every string I type as I'm typing it. I think you missed my point entirely. Code looking pretty, being nicely formatted, and having comments is certainly part of but not nearly the whole picture in what makes good quality code that is easily maintainable through the ages. If you've never really stuck it out long term on a project, you have never felt the pleasure or pain of your previous work. Found the Caltech guy. I suspect that the risk would actually lower for the remaining human drivers as the AI vehicles are probably going to be better at predicting and dodging our stupid mistakes, resulting in fewer accidents even if we don't improve our driving abilities. http://www.technologyreview.com/view/542626/why-self-driving... If you find this subject interesting I'd like to suggest Sam Harris' "Free Will." I've never been required to provide a code sample for a job interview nor have I ever asked for one. I've had pretty good luck sussing out who knows what they're doing based on their ability to talk in detail about what work they've been doing. Emails may be globally unique but they aren't static over time. I have some accounts on websites where the login is an email address I no longer have access to. I'll give it a shot. Political correctness stops us from having honest conversations about real problems. It's why educators have to tip toe around basic science topics like evolution. It's why people like Sam Harris are put into the "bigot" box instead of us having frank discussions about militant Islam on the evening news. Political correctness is why the educated people in news can't speak honestly to how stupid climate change denial is. It's why we can't talk about real problems that seem to be unique to some minority groups. And when these problems don't get talked about, they don't get solved. And unless people go out of their way, they simply can't be truly informed about the issues. Hell, they can't even learn that there's more to be informed ABOUT. I disagree. It's the left that won't let us speak honestly about problems in some minority cultures or militant Islam. The left also won't let any real discussion of men's rights or potential problems with 3rd wave feminism. I feel like a good metric is how subjectively valuable the person's teammates feel that person is to the team when answering the question anonymously. Being socially awesome will only get you so far, eventually everyone on your team will realize you're not pulling your weight. And team members have a lot more visibility to a person's value than managers. That's an interesting one. Let's say copyright was cut down to maybe 10 years. How much software that's running the world right now would be out of copyright protection? I suspect a significant percentage of the fundamentally important code for our economy is at least 10 years old. This is spot on. I don't have enough money to invest in hedge funds, but when I look at mutual funds I look for consistent returns. I don't care one whit about how ethical the management team is. On some level I care that I'm not dealing with Bernie Madoff, but I don't have the time, inclination, or expertise to suss all that out. While I'm a Netflix fan and subscriber I find them terrifying. They're clearly the monopoly power in streaming TV and whatever you call the competition that comes from Hulu or traditional cable companies is a joke in comparison. I predict in the future we'll have to break up the Netflix monopoly and require that they sublicense out the content they have license to stream to smaller suppliers much like the way it works for some utilities. It also depends on what you're trying to do, you might not want a pan that gives up all its heat so quickly. For example, if you want to sear a steak and then cook it in that pan you don't want a pan that will lose all its heat as soon as you put that steak on it. For a task like that you want probably cast iron or at least stainless or something. Though good stainless pans generally have copper linings to help more evenly distribute the heat. If I were just frying an egg or something then aside from the lack of non-stick your aluminum foil would be just fine. I think that works until the cable companies essentially become defunct. Once that happens Netflix, being the 500lb gorilla in the room, will be the highest bidder for your content even if Netflix is the lowest bidder per view because Netflix will have all the eyes. Showtime is now available as an add-on to Hulu. It will be interesting to see how this model works out for them as opposed to the HBO self-streaming model. I suspect the end game will kill off both of those models because, again, I speculate even if the per-view revenue via Netflix are lower your over-all revenue would be higher. If they're releasing this to the public then the truth of the matter is that the technology is "there" for driverless parking but the regulatory bits are not. "There" in this case meaning the AI is less likely to get into an accident than a human. More specifically, even if the AI gets in only 50% of the accidents a human driver would get into Musk simply cannot recommend relying on it until the regulatory bodies determine he (or Tesla) is not financially responsible for those accidents. We're still a ways off from that. I'm sure this isn't what the OP had in mind but I think it would help adoption. At first you see one or two of the cars trickle onto the roadways and you see them behave. Then a few more. I think this would help the comfort level of people concerned about the safety and efficacy of AI driving. >This is likely a big part of the issue. You can't make them learn. This is one I struggle with a lot. I love learning and if someone shows me something new I think they're awesome. Almost no one is like this. Most people don't give a shit about learning and just want to do what they've been comfortable doing for years before you came along and "messed everything up" by trying to create some progress in the way stuff is done. I have a stupid question that will reveal how I know nothing about cryptography. I understand that large primes are somehow important for some types of cryptography. How are there not just databases of large primes that make breaking the types of cryptography that rely on large primes trivial? I understand that there's a huge number of primes, but surely the primes being used to generate keys or whatever process they're involved in are "known" primes, right? It's not as if when I try to encrypt something my machine is going to search for a new prime number that hopefully won't get guessed. This right here. I have been preaching this message for ages. You simply cannot account the immense benefits of having everyone working on the same stack. Even just splitting into two languages you start getting huge knowledge barriers and a major loss in shared skill growth. If you've chosen Java/C#/etc for your base language you need to have a DAMNED good reason for bringing in another one. And the other one being the best option for the problem of the day is not a good enough reason if your primary language is capable of solving the same problem in a slightly less elegant way. I have two good reasons not to choose Kotlin. The first is until I started reading this thread on HN I had never heard of Kotlin. The second is I attempted to find kotlin in a job listing on Monster.com in several major cities and managed to only find one single listing in Los Angeles. The job listing says they are transitioning to Java. My argument of course is from the greater view of the business and not a laser focus on Kotlin as a technical decision, but for most projects you should choose a much safer option with insane amounts of support and developers on the market by the boat loads. How are they not being found in contempt? None, because I didn't read the article before asking (shocker, right?). I think it's bad form for the judge to publicly release Google's financial information like that. I have a hard time believing that's normal. The next step is to get rid of most of those people and replace them with medical AI. I personally can't wait for Watson or whatever to come along and replace even my doctor with someone simply trained to perform whatever procedures Watson suggests. Oh yeah, I agree that's the long term solution. I was also using the term "procedure" loosely. In the mid-term a human will actually do things like check for swollen glands, but it doesn't need to a doctor. I hope history doesn't look at the war on drugs as having anything at all to do with drugs. It was all about having a way to lock up blacks and hippies for reasons that seemed legit on paper. Drugs were ancillary. Then of course it morphed into a for-profit industry and is the clusterfuck we have today. Number of tickets closed is a great example. I'd be interested in a tool that simply fixes the bugs found with static code analysis tools like findbugs. Some of them aren't very meaningful, like dead code... but if it could make good choices about how to handle slightly more complex situations like NPEs and that sort of thing it could make a lot of large corporate code bases a lot less buggy. The guy who runs the youtube channel Smarter Everyday has his own subreddit and promotes it regularly. I think one key difference, as far as Reddit is concerned, is that for things like Smarter Everyday the "relationship," if you could call it that, probably drives more of Smarter Everyday's traffic to Reddit than it pulls from Reddit over to Youtube. People go to Reddit to talk about SED videos and suggest content and ideas because it's a better communication platform than Youtube provides. This is, of course, totally in line with what you're saying. In my experience the only thing that prevents that phenomenon is unrelenting stubbornness from the development staff. It takes a tremendous amount of thought and care with each change to make sure it doesn't happen. Also in my experience, there is no "fixing" it once things have gone down hill. It's theoretically possible, but I've never personally seen it happen. Whereas I have seen fairly large code bases remain coherent after years of significant changes. That dev team was like a bunch of nazis as far as code quality was concerned. It was the best team I've ever worked with. I bet the sign itself serves as search engine optimization. If everybody starts searching for "foo" and clicks on my site in the result set then a reasonable search engine might bump my site up higher for searches for "foo." Corporate income tax is levied in 44 states. I'm not sure if any counties/cities have corporate income tax. Presumably if Apple et. al. have to pay federal corporate income tax they'll surely have to pay the state corporate income tax as well. I dunno how you define "without any of the work" but I see plenty of young people graduating college with poor opportunities. Unemployment for 20-24 year olds is over 9%. The average student graduating with a 4-year degree from a public non-profit school has about $30k in debt. $100k is high, but they do need to cover that debt. They need to make more (adjusted for inflation) than their parents did at that age because their parents weren't saddled with all that debt. Instead they're sitting at 9% unemployment. Some degree programs are more rigorous than others but it seems like the current generation put in 4 years of strong work. Their parents generation didn't do that. And it wasn't the recipe for success they were told it would be. I'm the exact opposite. I'm at a rate that's above the local market, so I mostly have to work remotely for firms in areas with higher cost of living. Any recruiter is going to find my salary range within the first 90 seconds of talking to me. This allows me to filter out 90% of calls because the salary range they're offering isn't even close. That may also largely depend on who the recruiter you're talking to works for. If it's HR for the company that's different than a third party technical recruiter like a TEKSystems or something. The third party technical recruiter, which is who I'm usually talking to, has no real incentive to low-ball you. I've been consulting for years now and I almost never know what the consulting firm bills for my time. It's irrelevant to me. My rate is already above the rate in my market. If someone lands me a gig and they have 100% markup, then good on them. I think it goes both ways. The employer may have talked to 30 people looking for comparable job roles in the last month but they almost certainly haven't ever talked to the 10 other companies in the area that are hiring for similar job roles. You're forgetting a very important topic in finance: positive cash flow. While saving that $100/mo I have an additional $100 in my cash flow that can be diverted in the event of an emergency. Instead I have a $107.20 credit card bill. So how will I pay for that flat tire? You guessed it, I'll put it on the card. If you're the type of person who has a sufficiently large emergency fund and savings, you're probably also the type of person who doesn't need to spread the cost of a TV out over a year. Further, if Apple is necessarily in the loop Apple won't close whatever holes the government tools utilize. If Apple isn't involved there's a chance they'd close the holes even if by accident. I don't think the solution to /r/stormfront is to have them never interact with anyone from /r/BlackLivesMatter Unless we believe that individuals and corporations are at least somewhat autonomous. If this were Apple's device then sure, I think they should be compelled to make an effort to unlock it, but it's NOT Apple's device, and it hasn't been since it left the warehouse. Apple, in this case, is just an industry expert that happens to know quite a bit about the device. If you couldn't compel MSFT to hack the phone, you shouldn't be able to compel Apple to hack the phone. If you get a warrant to open my safe you can compel me to give you the combination, you can HIRE a locksmith, but you can't compel the locksmith. Compelling the locksmith is a completely foreign legal precedent. I believe there is precedent for companies having to share/reveal their own encryption keys or in this case the certificate necessary to create a firmware update. The certificate is something Apple owns. I'm actually interested in knowing the specifics of the time. Does anyone know whether at the time of the passing of the Bill of Rights whether a warrant was required for: intercepting mail, searching your horse buggy/carriage, or bank records? It wasn't invented until nearly 100 years later, but I'd also be curious about telegraphs. I would be absolutely shocked if the government didn't have numerous ways to get into any information on any commercial phone. What they don't have is a simple device that average joe agent has access to at the local office, and of course his civilian police force compatriot. It was just a couple years ago that the FBI was lamenting the fact that it was having trouble hiring hackers because they all smoke pot. I only cite that as it asserts that the FBI does in fact employ teams of digital hackers. The NSA surely has better/more, but if the FBI needs into an iPhone I'm sure they could do it on their own. I just went there and the first "result" is a giant stock chart widget showing the 1-day chart with the options of viewing 5-day, month, etc. This chart takes up a full 1/3 of the vertical screen size. At the bottom of the chart there's 3 quick-links to: Google Finance, Yahoo finance, and MSN Money. The next result-ish thing is Google's "In the News" section that has an article about the broken Gigafactory promises. The first real result is yahoo finance, just as it is for you. I suspect it isn't so much that Google is promoting Yahoo over its own product, since that first chart is clearly a Google product, but that it doesn't bias the real search results in their favor. It's a legitimate organic search result. Most people probably just want the stock price from the first/simplest way possible, which is provided or they want the yahoo finance page. The problem is that if you're a rational thinker you have to make sure you're able to make a living after doing something that is likely to ruin your career. For example, how many companies would hire Snowden to do the same type of IT work he was doing before? I wonder how many incredibly important leaks never happened because there wasn't enough "financial incentive." I'm sorry to be so blunt but given that Netflix has over 75 million subscribers it's far more likely that you're out of touch with what the majority of consumers are happy with. In an ideal world we could all stream 4k lossless video, but the real world has bandwidth limitations and plenty of people are quite happy with the video quality Netflix offers. Frankly, outside of niche places like audio/video-phile sites or the occasional tech site remark I've literally never heard anyone remark about poor video quality on Netflix. Salary growth is generally exponential, some % per year. Negotiating even a slightly higher salary early in your career can mean an extra million dollars in your 401k at retirement. You say money isn't that important, but is it really not worth polishing up your negotiating skills a little bit for a million bucks? You're certainly negotiating, you're just doing so in a way that will statistically mean over the course of your career you will make hundreds of thousands of dollars less. Another important factor is the type of content. If you're watching a romantic comedy it might not be as important to be in hi-def as if you're watching LOTR. One of the things I like best about Hipchat is that a person who joins the team 5 years later can search back through the history of the chat room forever. Hipchat has acted as an accidental knowledge base for me so many times that eternally persistent chat is now a requirement for anything I recommend. It's possible Lync does this and the implementation I'm using today just isn't configured to be useful in this way. Also, the fact that you can't message Lync users who are not currently online is a big non-starter for me. I've never used Slack, so I can't compare it. It may be relevant that I often work on remote teams. I can't just say aloud, "Hey, anybody know about foo?" In a Lync world I have to individually message one person at a time and await their response or open a chat with everyone which will go away almost immediately after the question is asked. And generally once people have said their no they close the window, the helpful response will not be viewed by most of the team. TPB still works for me. Can you provide an example DNS for a site that's difficult to find a DNS server that will give you the IP address? Barring that, could you explain the type of content that is censored this way? I currently use Google's DNS service. If they censor known malware URLs I'd be happy with that. I'm not sure if there's other types of sites I'd like them to filter. Try salary.com. You put in your zip code and job title, if your company does "unique" titles you may have to translate into something relevant to the industry. It even includes things like retirement matching, paid days off, etc. It's free, and with loads more data than this silly spreadsheet will ever get. I think it depends. Not having access to temporary credit at all is better than pay day loans. Of course, I'm saying that from my proverbial ivory tower. Philosophically I don't support banning those things, but I'll be damned if they're not fucking evil incarnate. Having access to incredibly high interest temporary credit means having the same problem next month and this new problem of having to pay off the high interest credit bill. You're generally not going to be evicted for a temporary hiccup. Late bill penalties are almost certainly going to be less than the payday loan fees. I have mixed feelings about the making bail bit. Nope, the payday loan is still a raw deal. You're not going to get kicked out of your apartment for being $30 short on your rent. There's a reason states are cracking down on these pay day loan places and it's not because the government hates poor people. I agree poor people aren't stupid, you're projecting that on me. People who go to payday loan places are generally desperate. And desperation can often lead to irrational decisions. It seems like the major contention between us is that you believe that payday loans are good because in a vanishingly small percentage of cases they provide a net good. Virtually all of the data shows that in aggregate payday loans are a net bad. It's certainly true that haggling and such have been around essentially forever, but scientific rigor hasn't. There are now entire generations of PhDs who have carefully studied these psychological phenomenon to maximize business' ability to squeeze every last drop of blood out of you. Meanwhile the consumer has been left relatively uneducated and unprepared to recognize and maneuver in this world. That's the fun of natural selection, sometimes you get selected, sometimes you don't. I wonder how much OSHA has cost us in terms of both direct government spending as well as regulatory compliance in corporations (which is surely orders of magnitude greater) for such pitiful results. I suspect that it won't take long for people to come to terms with it in the same way we now "accept" industrial accidents. "Accept" in this case simply means that the industry in question is allowed to continue doing business. It's only not an accounting shift if it's awarded after-the-fact from this lawsuit which is a one-shot deal. In an efficient economic model the reclassified "employer" would lower your future earnings to pay for the fuel costs they were previously expecting you to pay for. And then it definitely is just an accounting shift. "Uber paid $730m to its contractors to cover fuel costs and now has to pay them for it again." If health and safety precautions are cost effective, which I believe they are, then OSHA is redundant because businesses will strive to be economically efficient regardless of the regulations. That is true. I was speaking solely about the mileage reimbursement/fuel costs. How much of these new ancillary administrative costs Uber will be able to push down to their former contractors/new employees remains to be seen. Generally speaking the precedent would not apply across circuits. The law would be interpreted as X in X circuit and Y in Y circuit. This is really interesting. Another one I'm familiar with is that Subaru is predominately for lesbians. I'm curious about the neocon Prius one. I'd never heard that before. What would be the driving force to get a neocon in a Prius? I would think they'd be in the gas guzzling trucks along with the cowboys. These days you probably want Windows Powershell. It's built on the .NET framework so it's pretty darn powerful and AFAIK is available by default on every modern WinOS. If you funded this with taxes (presumably on the wealthy) wouldn't you likewise see a deflationary affect on luxury goods? I'm a little behind, what fictitious science is this? >Honest question: Is making advertising effective where the battle for the best AI is really going to be fought? No, the real battle for the best AI is being fought on the various global stock exchanges. The vast majority of trades are AI now. In this way AI virtually already controls the price of all globally traded goods. You may find this writeup from an Amazon veteran about how Amazon goes about designing things. It's 100% about accessibility over aesthetics. I https://plus.google.com/+RipRowan/posts/eVeouesvaVX I'm curious if you feel that WoW at $180/yr is an exploitation. And if not, why would you consider someone paying the same amount of money for bonuses on Candy Crush to be exploited? Is populism supposed to be bad? I just looked up the definition to make sure and it's basically the principle that ordinary people should have control over government rather than political insiders and wealthy elite. That sounds like democracy to me. Is there an aspect I'm missing? How is this concern different for any form of evidence? At some point you're trusting that a person collected evidence in the way they claim to have collected it. To help me understand, could you make an analogy for a drug bust? Theoretically an officer could plant drugs on you. And that does happen from time to time, but we don't just ignore all evidence because that might have happened. How would you verify that drugs weren't present at the time of arrest? Generally the arresting officers' word is going to be taken as fact unless you can prove otherwise. So you'd basically have to have your own video recording of the event showing the officer planting the drugs. This is the functional equivalent to "If the software works as explained." If drugs are found at your house, but not on you, you're still going to jail. So there goes #2. Why would you not be able to verify chain of custody for digital evidence? You can disprove the claims made from classified sources. "A classified source said you bought 50 kilos of cocaine. We searched your house and found 50 kilos of cocaine." You're still going to jail. If no cocaine turns up, then you should be in the clear. Your post has been flagged as extremist and will now be blocked. About a year ago I started watching youtube videos at 1.25-1.5x. Now I wish Netflix and Hulu had similar options. Hah! Got anything for the XBox One? :P It's not a real threat, because as UBI is slowly ratcheted up to actually be a livable wage automation will replace all of that unskilled labor. If we instituted a UBI right now it might be something really low, like maybe $200/mo. A person might work fewer hours at their shitty no-skill low wage job, but they aren't going to quit. Eventually yes, but I was speaking of the transition period that the OP was asking about... what will happen while businesses still need labor? That is, before we've successfully automated all of the low skill human labor? Well, until then, we need people to work, so the UBI would have to be below a livable wage. Only 24% of minimum wage workers are teenagers. http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/09/08/who-makes-mi... That mans 76% are 20+. My rule of thumb is that I attempt to write code that a junior programmer whose experience is limited to a little more than having taken a course in the language and has done a couple tutorials on the framework(s) can maintain. I see so many developers try to squeeze every new language feature or loads of esoteric library use cases into their code because they learned something and feel like it MUST belong in the production code. Sometimes you have to write complicated code, but 99% of the time it should be possible to write very simple code using only the most commonly used language features. I tend to have the opposite problem. Any public places with wifi like malls and such are completely overloaded. It's not perfect, but I do much better on my cellular data. I think what you and a lot of other people are talking about is burnout. People who are in the mid-20s levels have likely been playing quite a bit. Even if they started on day 1. But I think the game has a lot of longevity for more casual players. Dude, it's been like 2 weeks. The game isn't even rolled out globally yet. Give them a second or two before we start talking about how the game lacks longevity. If you're burned out from power-gaming 4+ hours a day trying to catch them all, well then that's really a personal issue. Just doing the basics of catching all the types of pokemon offers HUGE amounts of longevity for more casual players who don't burn themselves out. Have you tried being white? I wonder if you could bill the entire world from a single Raspberry Pi. I suspect it could be done. There's two equal and opposite misrepresentations of reality. If you're not either the main bad/good guy then a single gun shot or punch will take you out completely. Often people fly backwards from a gun shot, which is just crazy. Conversely, if you are the main hero/villain, you can probably get shot 10 times and be beaten with a lead pipe across the head quite a few times and still be going along just fine. That's why labor policy is so important. The guy digging proverbial ditches does indeed deserve more, but the market has been distorted by large corporations who lobby for lax enforcement of immigration law. On the other end of the spectrum engineers and programmers probably deserve more but the market has been distorted by large corporations who have lobbied for massive numbers of H1Bs or colluded with each other to keep poaching/salaries down in the valley. Because I have a basic understanding of supply and demand. I even explained how supply of labor was being distorted in my post at both the higher and lower ends of the job market. I think the more appropriate question is how do you not know? The cumulative impact to low wage native workers is estimated between $99-118 Billion per year. https://www.hks.harvard.edu/fs/gborjas/publications/popular/... (page 2) http://www.nytimes.com/2013/02/17/magazine/do-illegal-immigr... Labor economists have concluded that undocumented workers have lowered the wages of U.S. adults without a high-school diploma — 25 million of them — by anywhere between 0.4 to 7.4 percent. I don't think it's noble to be charitable with someone else's money, especially when that someone else is already at the poverty level. So your argument is that it's okay that we've made it worse for the people who already had it the hardest because the rest of the more wealthy people in the country benefitted from it? Sorry, but that doesn't make it better. As for the rest of your post, my comment implied a context of the moral an legal framework currently in place in the US and most countries people would actually want to live in. But you're willing to dismiss major components of domestic and international law as well as the basic moral principles most of us live by with a vague existentialist argument about whether fairness even exists. We're not even debating the same thing, and what you want to debate isn't something I'm interested in debating. If you're concerned then send your own money, don't advocate policies that take it from our poorest. I wasn't referring to philosophical existentialism. This is the definition of existential I was using, straight from google.com: ex·is·ten·tial ˌeɡzəˈsten(t)SH(ə)l/ LOGIC (of a proposition) affirming or implying the existence of a thing. Sure, okay, there's no absolute standard for fairness. So there's no point in discussing the article, because by what basis would you even discuss whether or not employers should be allowed to ask applicants for their previous income? By what basis should we determine whether we should have any labor laws? What is the absolute standard by which you determined that there should be a minimum wage, or what that minimum wage should be? If we ignore the entire framework of the conversation and my original comment, then we're veering off into a place I don't find particularly interesting. I feel like that's too simplistic a way to look at it. In this country we've passed many laws to weaken and even remove entirely a previously strong union system. Did all the workers who are today making less money and/or have less benefits as the result of union busting have their money "taken away?" Some estimates suggest that the lack of enforcement of immigration laws have lowered the income of people without a high school diploma by as much as 7%. The rest of us saved a ton of money. Did those poor people have their 7% "taken" by the wealthy business owners who hire those illegal immigrants? The invention of the nuclear bomb has led to the most peaceful period in human history. So to whatever extent the scientists and engineers who had some part in creating those bombs are culpable, they should be considered heroes. It's also important to note that the algorithms today cannot be audited seriously. We know, for example, that many municipalities have been caught installing red light cameras and then adjusting the yellow light timing to maximize revenue rather than maximize commuter safety. We know that some laws, particularly drug laws, have consequences designed to punish "undesirable groups" (minorities) rather than make streets safer or protect the lives of citizens. So having pseudo-AI that is also a black box isn't necessarily worse than what we have today. Because as of today we can't really audit the algorithm itself, only its output. I wonder how much practical difference it would make to pardon Snowden. It's likely not safe for him to return to the United States anyways. I think the world is better served by different companies with different types of cultures. I'm not a drinker myself so I wouldn't work at a company with a "beer night" culture. At the same time I think it's good that such a thing exists. And market forces should result in a world where exactly as many "beer night" offices exist as the market demands. Market forces will also potentially put "beer night" offices out of business if that's something that makes them not competitive. In the same week UPS made me sign for a set of $5 kitchen utensils I'd ordered off Amazon but left a Mac Mini on my doorstep no problem. I would suggest complaining to your local branch. You basically have proof that there was no genuine attempt at delivery. The driver will get in trouble. Is there a fundamental difference between making seat belts mandatory and making helmets necessary? Requiring cars to have seat belts is a distraction from the fact that drivers should stop having accidents. Yeah, this is an abusive marketing technique. If you don't want future embarrassment you'd better buy our service. That's just not how polite human interaction works. If you become aware that someone has made a mistake you inform them privately to give them an opportunity to rectify that mistake. In the case of a scientific journal entry you might instead publish a response article. You don't put everyone on blast and practically blackmail them into purchasing your for-profit service. It was never about the science at all, it was about the profits for this product/service. Yeah, it's often difficult to find the line between asking someone basic questions to confirm they have the skills/knowledge/experience they claim to have and just firing random academic/esoteric questions at them that would be easily googleable. I'm not sure the questions matter as much as the interpretations of the answers (or lack therof). If you say you have experience with a framework I'll ask enough specific questions to know whether or not you've worked with it. I don't care if you miss questions that you may not have come across. And of course as the interviewee it's important to recognize that you shouldn't be expected to know every nook and cranny of every detail unless you claim to know it. Just to put some data on this phenomenon. Women rate 80% of men as less attractive than average. Oddly enough, they message them anyways. https://blog.okcupid.com/index.php/your-looks-and-online-dat... Uhh, you can't have 80% below the median. That's impossible by definition. There's an over-representation of autistics in engineering firms. These crowded noisy spaces can be absolutely maddening for people on the spectrum. I wonder if there's room to get the Americans with Disabilities Act applied to autistic people so they can get quiet workplaces. Did you not have a team chat application in your 1-2 person offices? In my experience that has always provided an excellent balance between distraction and isolation. You forgot driverless transportation, which very soon will impact virtually every good sold in the country. A quick google search didn't find the results specifically for NY city, but nationally you're 3.5x more likely to be the victim of murder or attempted murder as a man. 2x for robbery. 2x for aggravated assault. Women are generally much safer everywhere than men. Here's the original study. http://www.cdc.gov/violenceprevention/pdf/nisvs_report2010-a... In that study 1 in 21 men reported being forced to penetrate someone, 4.8%. A further 1.4% of men reported being raped which is defined only as being penetrated, not being forced to penetrate. That's a stupid definition of rape. So it's really more like 6% of men have been raped, which puts the stats at women being about 2x more likely to be raped than men (only 11.5% of women experienced a completed penetration attempt). Fear is an important thing and we do need to address it, but public policy should be based on factual risks, not irrational fear. Only 7% of rapists are strangers. That means those transients at the AirBnB are the less likely to rape a woman than basically anyone else they know. Honestly I don't care what you do with your city's zoning laws, but virtually everything you've said here is irrational and/or just factually incorrect. Okay, you don't want strangers in your apartment building. I bet you don't even know 10% of the people in your apartment building. They're almost all strangers today. There's some rational arguments to be made for limiting short term rentals, but you haven't made a single one. I'm a male engineer and single father. So I'm responsible for all of the facets of child rearing including but not limited to dealing with a sick kid. All of the talk of making workplaces better for people with families seemed really foreign to me. I would prefer that my company not even be aware of the concept people having children. It's none of their business. Of course it's not practical for companies to have zero awareness, but the less they are involved the better. If I prioritize X over work, then that's an opportunity for someone else to move into that slot and get the promotion. It doesn't matter if X is boogie-boarding, playing video games, or taking care of a child. I support extending maternity/paternity leave for everyone. But if I take 3 months off work every year for 4 years in a row I shouldn't expect to get the same raises and promotions as everyone else. If at N years of tenure I get more vacation days? Time spent on paternity leave shouldn't count towards that. It's the same as if I chose to take 3 months off to section hike the Appalachian Trail. Not intending to debate anything here, just framing the FMLA requirements. The mother and father are allowed 12 weeks of combined leave. If they both take off, it's 6 weeks each. And businesses are not required to pay you while you're off. They just can't fire you. Yeah, I guess I didn't make it clear in my OP, but I didn't mean to suggest that the way I feel about employment is "right" and the way those women talked about it is "wrong." I just wanted to offer a different lens through which I view the employer/employee relationship. For me personally, it give me the creeps when my employer encourages or discourages behavior in my personal life. It's why even though I've never even smoked pot a single time in my life I'm opposed to workplace drug tests unless you operate heavy machinery or something. I'm as upset as anybody that Hobby Lobby gets to exert some ethical control over its employees personal health choices by not offering insurance that covers abortions or birth control. If it's not your employer's business when you choose to not have children (birth control/abortions), why is it their business when you do choose to have children? It's not that people who want that stuff are wrong. I just honestly can't relate to wanting my employer to be involved in my personal decisions. My point is that for me personally I find it unattractive when my employer wants to get involved in my personal decisions. I understand I'm in the minority there, and I don't think others are "wrong" for thinking differently than me about the employer/employee relationship. I'm just extremely wary about any time an employer wants to influence my personal decisions in some way. I don't like that my employer gets to decide what my retirement plan looks like. I don't like that my employer gets to decide what types of health care I have access to. I don't like that my employer could potentially limit my access to birth control. I don't like it that my employer wants to tell me whether or not I'm allowed to do drugs when I'm off the clock. And I don't like it that my employer wants to incentivize me to have more children. The best thing to hear from my employer about those things is silence. Again, it's not that I think people who want their employer to be involved in the decision of whether or not they have birth control or have kids or use drugs are "wrong." It's just foreign to me to want my employer to influence those things. From my perspective the fewer personal decisions my employer is involved in the better. If my employer wants to offer 401k match, that's great. But I should get to opt out and put that into a 401k plan of my choosing, not be limited to the crappy options my employer provides. It's great that employers offer a health care plan. I should be able to take that money and shop around for options that are a better fit for me personally. I've never even smoked pot a single time in my life, but it's disgusting that so many employers do random drug testing. It's none of their business if people do drugs off the clock. And I could rant all day about Hobby Lobby and their ilk denying people coverage for abortions. The best thing my employer could say about whether or not I choose to have children, or what kind of health care I should get, or how I should plan for retirement, or whether or not I use drugs is nothing at all. I recognize I'm in the minority for some of those. I'm not suggesting people who want their employers involved in their reproductive choices are "wrong," because I honestly don't feel like there's a right or wrong here. It's just that it's foreign to me to view my employer in that way. Ahh, the combined 12 weeks is the case when both parents are employed by the same employer. So you're right, it's usually 12 weeks each. https://webapps.dol.gov/elaws/whd/fmla/10a1.aspx > A husband and wife who are eligible for FMLA leave and are employed by the same covered employer may be limited to a combined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12-month period ... But generally, even if they're both covered, they can both only take 12 weeks if the mother is somehow incapacitated. >The mother is entitled to FMLA leave for any period of incapacity due to pregnancy, for prenatal care or for her own serious health condition following the birth of a child. The husband is entitled to FMLA leave if needed to care for his pregnant spouse who is incapacitated or if needed to care for her during her prenatal care, or if needed to care for the spouse following the birth of a child if the spouse has a serious health condition. See Serious Health Condition for more information. The context to which I was responding to was that in the article the women were suggesting that people who have children should be given special treatment. Things like, if you choose to work less because you have a child you should still get the same raises and promotions as someone who didn't choose to work less (regardless of whether they reproduced). Things like your employer arranging for emergency daycare for you if your kid is sick, or otherwise allocating company resources (space) for kids to hang out in when they're out sick from school. >have a record of making winning forecasts. This I agree with >unless they've taken out an appropriate corresponding short position against the market This, not so much. The only ethical thing for people in a position to sway the markets like this is for those people to have their wealth in a blind trust. You wouldn't want the most popular "financial guru" shorting a stock and then telling everyone it's going to tank. As with all matters of psychology, YMMV. But it's definitely not for everyone. http://www.pcworld.com/article/251521/when_two_monitors_aren... >"People dramatically overestimate their ability to manage their environment," Meyer says, adding that in some ways, using multiple monitors to keep all sorts of data visible is analogous to using a cell phone while driving. Any benefit a company offers should be available to everyone equally. And if that benefit can't be provided to some for whatever reason, those people should be able to opt to get a cash payout for the cost of providing the benefit. If you offer babysitting services and I choose not to use them, I should be able to spend that money elsewhere regardless of whether I have a kid. Same goes for your health insurance plan, your retirement savings, etc. The less involved my employer is in my personal life the better. In what way is expecting the same pay and promotions as someone who works more than you not asking for special treatment? I really don't understand what you could be missing there. The most important thing to look for when seeking financial advice of any kind is to verify that the person giving you the advice is a fiduciary. This is a legal status which means they're required to give you advice that they genuinely believe will benefit you the most rather than advice that maximizes their own quarterly bonus. Most "financial advisors" are not fiduciaries. Third party voter here, so no real skin in the game between Hillary and Trump. I was talking to a friend of mine about the election and it suddenly occurred to me. Virtually every problem I have about trump could be summed up with a single sentence about that problem and you'd know exactly what I meant. With Hillary, on the other hand, virtually every problem I have with her requires a ton of contextual knowledge. Like if I said to you Hillary becoming president results in a greater chance of WWIII against Russia and millions of deaths than Trump, you really have to know a lot about the Arab Spring, what we did in Syria which was really a proxy war with Iran to depose an Iranian ally but wound up creating ISIS, that Syria, Iran, and Russia are allies, and tons of other stuff that most voters simply aren't aware of. It's so much easier to say, "This guy probably raped some people so I'm not gonna vote for him." Once the government took over the schools it was already too late. And that happened a long time ago. The government run public education system is always going to reinforce the party line. Stop thinking of him as a potential leader of the free world and instead of as a living, breathing "Fuck you!" to mainstream politics and the wealthy elite. Donald Trump went to a big Detroit auto show, looked straight at the execs of the American auto industry and told them if they closed their American factories and opened them up in Mexico he'd slap them with a 35% tariff. That kind of shit resonates with a populace who has seen both parties sell off the middle class to enrich themselves and the wealthy elite. I don't support him and don't suggest anyone votes for either him or Hillary, but it's very easy for me to understand why people like him so much. Yep, he's an asshole. But, perhaps ironically, he talks to the electorate like an adult in a way that most politicians won't. He outsourced his manufacturing to Mexico, he's openly stated why, and what he's going to do about it so that it's likely that some of those jobs can come back to the US. He's talked directly about the tax breaks he and the wealthy elite take, why they're unfair, and what he's going to do about it to bring sanity back to the tax code. These are things you'll never hear from a Clinton or a Cruz. Yes, he has a big mouth and is kind of openly an asshole. I fail to see how his elite status or "good traits of a leader" is really different than Clinton. I mean she destroyed evidence in her criminal investigation and literally created ISIS by training, arming, and intentionally radicalizing Syrians during the Arab uprising. How could you possibly think she's got good traits of a leader? Because she doesn't cuss on Twitter? Nah, those 18-25 year olds are ignorant idiots too. And when they get older they'll start voting conservative just like their parents generation. One anecdote about how ignorant they are... on three separate occasions I had a conversation with a Hillary supporter about her having destroyed subpoenaed evidence. Each of those three cited a factcheck.org article that stated in its third paragraph that she had in fact destroyed the evidence after the subpoena. They don't even read their own citations... I didn't vote for Trump, so it's not like I was supporting him, but damn Hillary voters were so ignorant of her history. They were so mad that Trump didn't want to welcome more Syrian refugees. How many of them knew Hillary literally created the Syrian refugee crisis in a failed attempt at a coup? Not a single one I talked to. The CIA trained, armed, and radicalized the Syrians to fan the flames of the "popular uprising" in Syria. Then, Iran and Russia came to the aid of their ally and the coup failed. Those Syrians migrated to Iraq and formed ISIS which is now active in over 30 countries. Of course, now that the coup has failed the Pentagon is backing Assad because... well I honestly don't know why. http://www.latimes.com/world/middleeast/la-fg-cia-pentagon-i... >Srian militias armed by different parts of the U.S. war machine have begun to fight each other on the plains between the besieged city of Aleppo and the Turkish border, highlighting how little control U.S. intelligence officers and military planners have over the groups they have financed and trained in the bitter five-year-old civil war. 1. The CIA has been funding Syrian opposition forces since 2006, well before the civil war began in 2011. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CIA_activities_in_Syria#Parami... Wikileaks has reported that the US government has been covertly funding the Syrian opposition since 2006.[40] 2. Yes, ISIS started in Iraq, by not primarily by Iraqis. As I said, the Syrians who had been trained, armed, and radicalized by the CIA fled to Iraq when the coup failed and started ISIS. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jun/03/us-isi... A year into the Syrian rebellion, the US and its allies weren’t only supporting and arming an opposition they knew to be dominated by extreme sectarian groups; they were prepared to countenance the creation of some sort of “Islamic state” – despite the “grave danger” to Iraq’s unity – as a Sunni buffer to weaken Syria. 3. See #2 above, we clearly funded and armed what became ISIS. 4. You're right on this one. The reports of the two parties backed by the CIA and Pentagon fighting each other had me mixed up. That doesn't change the rest of the stuff above for which I've provided citations. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jun/03/us-isi... A year into the Syrian rebellion, the US and its allies weren’t only supporting and arming an opposition they knew to be dominated by extreme sectarian groups; they were prepared to countenance the creation of some sort of “Islamic state” – despite the “grave danger” to Iraq’s unity – as a Sunni buffer to weaken Syria. They're 90% of the way there with primenow. You can order frozen chicken, deli meats, etc. No fresh fruits and veggies yet, but you can order eggs. There's no drive-thru though, they just deliver it to your house within 2 hours of ordering, 1 hour if you pay a premium. All of the people involved in the protests from top to bottom are just virtue signaling. The CIA went into Syria in 2006 and started funding and training opposition forces leading to the current civil war. The Obama administration is responsible for a quarter million deaths in Syria alone. And that doesn't include the use of cluster bombs, an act considered a war crime in most of the civilized world, on several of the countries listed in this "ban." And yet now that a relative hand full of people can't travel here... that's the real monstrous act. Don't get me wrong, I think the "ban" is pants on head stupid, but the people protesting don't give two shits about Syrians or the citizens of any of the other 6 countries we're bombing. No, people protest against things that the media manipulates them into protesting for. The inflammatory language has been scandalous at best. The media didn't encourage people to protest when Obama and Clinton proudly funded a wall between the US and Mexico in 2006. But now we've had "No Wall" protests in quite a few places and traditional leftists making right-wing supply side economics arguments against renegotiating NAFTA... yet another thing both Clinton and Obama campaigned for in 2008. Make no mistake, this is the butt-hurt media's doing. >all of the people I know who are involved in this stuff are very well aware of Obama's militarism. That doesn't help your argument. They were aware Obama killed a quarter of a million people and did nothing. Meanwhile Trump inconveniences some travelers and somehow he's the monster worth protesting. Get real. That's a laugh. Statistically speaking your friends who behave the way you're implying simply don't exist. That you might literally find a few is irrelevant. How about you consider the fact that no one but the most obtuse observer would take a phrase like, "All of the people involved" to literally mean every single one without any exceptions whatsoever. If you think that's normal, and I don't mean this in a pejorative way, there's a significant chance you're autistic. The last president asked us if it would be okay to bomb Syria. We said no. Then he did it anyways. He bombed them so much that we literally ran out of bombs. This guy screws up some travel plans and suddenly it's a problem. Bombing these people for 8 years, totes cool. Temporarily not letting them come here!?!?! Monster!!!! I mean, I don't support Trump, nor do I agree with this dumb temporary travel ban, but all this noise about it is clearly disingenuous. Rental prices are being held artificially high by large private equity firms. They're going bankrupt because no one can afford them. Obama bailed them out on his way out the door which will keep rent artificially high for years to come. http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2017/01/the-obama-administrat... At least you recognize that this is political posturing and virtue signaling and not an actual principled stand in favor of people from other countries. I'm one step more cynical than that. I think this is the butt-hurt media riling people up because their darling lost the election. Oh, and of course ratings. When the news broke via wikileaks that the CIA, under Obama, started the Syrian civil war which as led to half a million deaths it was barely a blip on the radar because the media liked the guy who did it. The US sent the CIA into Syria in 2006 (Bush then continued by Obama) to train and fund opposition forces which resulted in the Arab Spring breaking out in 2011. http://www.csmonitor.com/World/terrorism-security/2011/0418/... The Syrian civil war is at least in part THE RESULT of US involvement. I'm not saying the green card holders are acting politically. I'm saying the thousands of people protesting are expressing partisan bullshit selective outrage. Obama bombed Syria so much we literally ran out of bombs. I'm going to repeat that again for effect. The United States of Bomb-merica bombed Syria so much we ran out of bombs. We're making cluster bombs and selling them to be dropped on these places, weapons which the use of is a war crime in most of the world. For years there's not been an peep out of these people. Now suddenly some people can't travel where they wanted to and it's like the next rise of Hitler. Gimme a break, there's half a million dead on Obama's hands and nobody gave a shit. The EO was a pretty shit idea. I don't support it and I don't support Trump. If the Judicial is able to clear it up, then that's great. The group(s) I was referring to with the political posturing are the media with frankly disgusting coverage intended to inflame an already delicate situation, and the protesters who are largely their pawns. No, what you believe is the revisionist history. We learned from the wikileaks cables that the US (CIA) has been in Syria funding and training the opposition since as early as 2006. http://www.csmonitor.com/World/terrorism-security/2011/0418/... That means that the civil war and the refugee crisis are at least in part the direct results of actions of the United States. >He's destroying the lives of my friends. You know that Syrian refugee crisis that's going on where nearly 500,000 have already died and countless more are permanently injured? How many lives do you think that has ruined? Did you also know that the wikileaks cables revealed that the Obama's CIA was in Syria and stoked the fires to start that civil war? >Moreover, a president who bombs other countries is not going to suddenly bomb me. This president already tried to deport my friends, and almost all of my friends are immigrants. You know what? That's really shitty. I didn't vote for Trump, don't support this retarded EO, and will be glad when he's gone. But it's absolutely disgusting that you can consider this shit incident to be anything close to the magnitude of the lives the government has destroyed over the last 16 years. This is trivial by comparison. I wonder how many people against H-1Bs are also opposed to Trump's worker protectionist policy re: NAFTA. Seems that at least philosophically they're aligned. It's even easier than that. Instead of sliding the notification off the screen, slide it ever so slightly to the right. It displays this little gear thing, and you can block all notifications for that app from right there. I have a stock Nexus phone so YMMV. One thing that's worth noting is that we've had virtually no inflation for a very long time. The wealth class prefers it this way, but the worker struggling to pay off debts wouldn't mind a little inflation every now and then. >but that's not a price the public would pay for your crops. Maybe the public needs to get used to paying premium prices for premium work instead of outsourcing slavery to other countries or importing cheap slave-wage laborers illegally. Ignore Tucker Carlson, economist Mark Blyth got famous recently for being virtually the only economist who predicted Trump's win. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-hV_XS8dH4 Try telling that to the working public who basically hasn't gotten a raise in 30 years in spite of sky-rocketing productivity. Wall Street's interests are diametrically opposed to workers. Wall Street wants to turn good jobs into shitty jobs and ship them to more desperate poor people in poorer countries, whereas workers want the exact opposite. We've had 30 years of free trade and basically no border. A nudge in the other direction isn't going to be the end of the world. A blip on the jobs radar which comes along with stronger worker rights is gonna be okay. >If America cancels visas and closes borders, it will still launch businesses, it will still occasionally produce a unicorn, but it will be crippled in basic science. Conversely, we saw in the now (in)famous Princeton study that Congress doesn't care what you or I want. They only care what the wealthy want. We need the wealthy to advocate for proper education at the primary and secondary levels. And more to the point, we need them to fund it . This won't happen as long as they continue to have relatively cheap access to foreign labor via loose immigration, H-1B visas, etc. I'm not an advocate of closing the border, but the more we pressure corporations to need better local talent the better. Maybe a nudge in the other direction over time wouldn't be the end of the world. I feel like this is a chicken and egg problem. Without the transportation infrastructure you can't get the population/business density, but without the population density you can't justify the infrastructure. Houston could probably build decent rail transportation to get you where you needed to go, but it won't happen. I live in a city like yours, our public transportation is atrocious. It takes at least an hour to get anywhere. The fundamental principle of the American justice system is that we should be skeptical of all claims of wrong-doing. The appropriate response to these claims is to ask for evidence and in its absence potentially educate the claimant on how to properly collect evidence. I'm sure there's a lot of legitimate claims out there, and most of them will not result in justice. However, rampant speculation based on Twitter anecdotes is never going to be helpful. Different audiences. If you're a close friend or the HR person at the corporate office, then sure the first thing you do is console them. If you're the media or just general public, you ask for evidence before you socially/publicly crucify someone. IMO that's still bad design on the end user of the ORM library. There's a time and place to use tools like Hibernate, but it became fashionable so it's used all over the place where it doesn't fit and has created huge messes. There's a really bad trend in the industry of choosing libraries or tools based on trying to improve your resume, rather than trying to find the best solution to a problem. >What we want are tools that allow us to build performant, maintainable, reliable code. Virtually any mainstream language is capable of building performant, maintainable, reliable code. Virtually no developers are capable of creating performant, maintainable, reliable code. After decades in the industry and generations of new whizbang tools, libraries, and languages I've come to terms with the fact that the problem is "us." I've seen exactly one significant sized application keep those 3 qualifications for more than a couple of years. Once all the original core developers on the project moved on, it was less than a year before the code base was a total mess. I think what you're really asking for is a tool that forces you to build performant, maintainable, reliable code. I'm not sure that's entirely possible until we get AI writing and maintaining its own code. Humans suck. I personally don't care to discuss the feelings of strangers. It seems silly to do. In this context the feelings of some strangers is really only valuable to me if the feelings are justified by data. If there's reasonable evidence that can be shown that the feelings are justified, then I'm happy to get on board to help resolve the issue. If you just want to whine about your feelings, talk to someone who is emotionally close to you. I don't support the so-called "Muslim ban" either, but it's worth acknowledging that anyone even calling it a "Muslim ban," including the POTUS, is just doing so to get a reaction out of people. And it worked. How about calling it a ban on countries we happen to be bombing right now? That headline isn't quite as salacious, but is more accurate than calling it a Muslim ban. We bombed I think 5 of the 7 countries in the ban within the last year. The fact that people seem more upset about stopping some people at the border than they are about dropping cluster bombs on them in their home country is really puzzling to me. I agree that's a genuine and reasonable concern, but it's not unique to these 7 countries. We're only citing that reason because of the other contextual things going on. I'm going to respond to a discussion on the click-baity "Muslim Ban" with another click-bait term, fake news. The fact that the general public is hyper aware if this "Muslim ban" which isn't really a Muslim ban but are generally unaware of the fact that we bombed Syria so much we literally ran out of bombs in 2015 highlights the fact that virtually all news is "fake news." I mean, we're the US of A. Our military spending is insane, and we ran.out.of.bombs. I don't even know how to respond to that situation. I'm not interested until we get to the point where we, as a culture, are willing to tell people that their feelings are unjustified in sensitive areas. And here I'm talking about general public discussions. If you're emotionally close to someone then of course be empathetic. If you want the general public to listen then you'd better be prepared to put up or shut up with regards to data. If you just want to talk about your feels with no justification whatsoever, there's plenty of platforms out there for fiction writing. Sure, we didn't bomb the Yemen government, but we sure dropped bombs on the types of people who will be impacted by the ban. Again, this discussion is missing the forest for the trees. Justification for this travel ban should be largely irrelevant compared to the justification for dropping so many bombs in Syria we ran out of bombs. In the context of US foreign policy, this ban should be 2nd or 3rd page news. I feel like your argument is self-defeating. When Trump, or whoever, outright lies the response should be, "put up or shut up with regards to data." That it's not that way is a real problem. That this tech site has a creative writing post on the front page is a related problem. The house is on fire but everyone is worried about the fact that we left the front door unlocked. This is called manufactured consent. They get everyone riled up about this one bad policy that stops some brown Muslim people from traveling so they can happily continue the decade and a half long slaughter of millions of brown Muslim people right out in the open. Trump's mean tweets or random crappy policy is the dog being wagged. For 99% of the things I want a lawyer to do right now I'll fill out a form on LegalZoom and never see a human. Someone wrote a chatbot that helps people in NYC walk through the process of fighting their traffic citations. Automation is coming for sure. When I want to buy something my first thought is to check Amazon.com. Walmart wants me to think of Walmart.com first. That's what I believe this purchase was all about. If the mega solar flare is mega enough you might get a few extra gold atoms. Think of the inflation! Great, so we're done then! >We don't need a Rosetta Stone for it. Trump means exactly what he says. Policy disagreements with Trump aside, I find that actually kind of refreshing. >serve the common people Nowadays we call that populism. And we don't like it one bit! /s I'm a libertarian that supports unions. If you can get enough of the labor force together to demand higher wages or better benefits, more power to you. I don't think the government should be involved in that. I'm even happy to support socialist style businesses where the workers share ownership. If someone can make that work and be successful/competitive? Awesome. Again, I just don't think the government has any business meddling in it. If you're a wealthy person anywhere in the world and you have a really terrible disease you're probably going to come to the US to get care. Why? Because we have the highest quality healthcare in the world. There's a reason why there was some mild drama over Danny Williams (Premier of Canadian province) hopped the border to have heart surgery in the US. We're the best. What we lack is healthcare access for the poor. Dampening the profitability of health care with single payer will reduce quality and increase access. That's an okay argument to make, just make sure you're stating both sides when you make an argument. Otherwise it's just disingenuous. Also, it's important not to be fooled by some of the comparative health stats. Many of our poor health stats are the more the result of culture than they are a lack of access to health care. Being able to go to the doctor without paying a copay doesn't matter much when you're 100 pounds overweight and don't follow the diabetic diet your doctor laid out for you. Without government intervention it would be harder for mega corporations to exist in the first place. The broadest example is how insane our patent and copyright laws are right now. I do support monopoly laws and think we don't drop that hammer nearly enough. >the most lucrative health industry Yes, that's the whole point of my argument. We have the best because it's lucrative. The health care plans people tend to put forth to fix our system would make our healthcare system less lucrative. >Danny Williams also claimed he traveled to the US to see a specific specialist, not because no one in his own province could do the surgery, although we can't know for sure. Right, he went to where he believed the best specialist was. In the US. > not take all that into consideration also seems disingenuous. I didn't not take all that into consideration. In fact, it was the entirety of my consideration. >That in itself is a reason to do it, because it reduces overall costs due to the amortization effect of preventive medicine that people have a right to access. Reducing the over-all cost isn't necessarily the only goal. One goal could also be to have the highest quality care in the world, which we have today. >Single-payer coverage doesn't necessarily dry up the market for private insurance, either. Comparing the private insurance industry in the US and Canada or UK is laughable. The fact that it exists is not the same as saying it isn't dried up. > For example, IIRC, we're quite middling/mediocre in life expectancy, infant mortality, heart attack mortality, % of diabetics with managed care, efficiency of spend, etc. Life expectancy, infant mortality, and heart attack mortality are directly related to our culture more than access to health care. Go look at our obesity rates. Do you think not having to pay a copay to go to a doctor would fix that? >Just look at any ranking of healthcare outcomes for developed nations. Yes, I addressed that. Look at our obesity rates. That has almost nothing to do with healthcare access and almost everything to do with our average lifespan. >If we ignore the fact that the US is in the 10 OECD nations with lowest life expectancy. We have among the lowest life expectancy because we have among the highest obesity. That has almost nothing to do with healthcare access. >There's a bunch of over-testing, over-diagnosis, and over-treatment in the US. These make customers feel like they're getting good service, even though they're being harmed by it. If you really believe that getting too much access to healthcare treatments is the big problem in our country, you might be in the wrong discussion. >The US does not have a monopoly on high quality health care, and what use are the best experts if they're too expensive? It's not like you can have your pick of the US top experts as long as you're insured in the US. Go do a google search for something like "best children's hospitals in the world." I challenge you to find a list that isn't at last 75% US hospitals. Most are over 90% US. If you have something that warrants it in the US, you're going to get into one of those hospitals and you're not going to pay anything. >Our population is healthier, which probably helps keep costs down. This not only keeps costs down, but also keeps health stats up. Your life expectancy is probably a lot better than ours, but you also have much lower obesity rates. People often cite our health outcomes with any context at all. Context matters. The fact that over a third of our population is obese matters. And not having to pay a copay isn't going to change that. US obesity rate: 36% Swedish obesity rate: 18% US life expectancy: 79 years Sweden life expectancy: 81 years It is falsifiable. When I talk about culture I'm talking about things like smoking rates, obesity rates, etc. These things are totally unrelated to whether or not you pay a copay to go to a doctor. If you think our relative life expectancy has nothing to do with our obesity rates, then I'm sorry but you just don't need to be making statements about healthcare at all. It might be statistically significant, but it's definitely not the primary cause. Our government fed us HORRIBLE high carb nutrition guidelines for decades and continues to subsidize the sugar (mainly high fructose corn syrup) industry. Those are much bigger factors than whether or not you got a useless MRI. Just as a thought experiment, try to imagine a world with no patent or copyright laws. I'm not suggesting we make that a reality, but just consider it. How would Lockheed Martin, GE, Disney, etc. look? Without local government granted monopolies, how would Comcast look? It would be a completely different world. Look into the concept of regulatory capture. The Dodd-Frank regulations that went into place are a great example of this. They were sold to us plebes as a way to protect us from future banking failures. Except the regulations were basically written by the big banks and forced the small banks out of business. They have actually increased the risk of future crisis by consolidating the industry. Here's an article about it. http://www.nytimes.com/roomfordebate/2016/04/14/has-dodd-fra... and smoking, which I specifically mentioned, and teen birth rates. I mean of course the biggest one is obesity since heart disease is the leading cause of death. How could MSFT have gained its monopoly position if anyone were allowed to distribute Windows without paying MSFT a cent? How about if they couldn't enforce patents on the industry at all? There couldn't be a more clear case of government being required for a monopoly to form than any intellectual property company. I'm not quite as familiar with US Steel, but I do know that one of the primary reasons they became so big was because they were fully integrated through the entire production process. A substantial part of that was controlling the mode of transportation for heavy goods, railroad. That history of rail in our country is wrought with examples of government granted monopolies right from the beginning of the trans-continental railroad. I know virtually nothing about Hearst, but it was a news/media company right? So that should definitely fall under the same category of intellectual property. If you refuse to hand over subpoenaed evidence you can be held in contempt of court which usually results in some sort of fine, but could potentially result in jail time. Note that this all occurs before your conviction, so time spent in jail for contempt does not count towards your eventual sentence. The relevant statute is called the WARN Act, Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification. This requires 60 days notice (or 60 days pay) among other things. https://www.doleta.gov/layoff/pdf/WorkerWARN2003.pdf I have a small investment in TSLA stock. What I'm betting on is that in addition to being a car manufacturer on the scale of Ford/GM that TSLA will also be the world leader in AI/driverless cars. I don't have a huge position, but intend to hold onto it forever. I think people on HN over-estimate the consumer demand for privacy. One need only look at how many people use Facebook or other social networks to know this really just isn't important to them. So the market for people who care enough about usage data collection in order to actually speak with their wallets is incredibly small. If the market does demand it, then WIFI routers will start to advertise easy VPN setup with various vendors as a feature. Or maybe some other solution will arise. The market will provide one way or another. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_sovereign_states_and_d... In particular, read the Notes section next to the US. Our immigration rate, if you counted it the same way, is about the same as Australia. But comparing US immigration to Australia immigration is apples to oranges. Australia has quite strict regulations on who it accepts as immigrants, and doesn't even accept a single refugee. Meanwhile the US has an illegal immigration population that dwarfs the legal one, we basically don't have a Southern border. When our economy collapsed net immigration went negative for a bit. That's not the same as the border being enforced. You can't selectively plea the fifth. You can't go into court, say things in your favor, and then clam up and plea the fifth when things get dicey for you. As soon as you start testifying in your defense you have waived the right and you'll be held in contempt if you take the fifth afterward. It would be unusual, but you can be imprisoned indefinitely without a trial/conviction until the judge decides to release you or you resolve the issue that put you in contempt. I don't really understand why Uber would be required to show the same price to both sides unless contractually obligated. When I hire a contractor to renovate my house he doesn't typically show me the invoices to all his subs. He negotiates one price with them and a different price with me. I don't really understand this. I'm a small business owner and all the insurance, training costs, etc. are not money I make. Those are business expenses. If you work for a big hospital or group, the employer pays for all that. If you open a private practice, your business still pays for it. The doctor and their practice are separate legal entities for a reason. The doctor's salary comes AFTER all that stuff is paid for by the business. So you don't subtract the cost of insurance from their salary. My understanding, based on other comments here, is that Uber recently changed its pricing model so that riders get a fixed price, but drivers still get a range based on distance and time. Obviously the rider's fixed price needs to have some cushion in it. It's a change, and recruiting material may need to be changed if it wasn't already, but it's hardly a scandal. Also, the % could remain the same if Uber is still paying that % in aggregate. According to the Uber website, drivers get paid based on time and distance. https://www.uber.com/info/how-much-do-drivers-with-uber-make... >Los Angeles - $0.15 per minute and $0.90 per mile >San Francisco - $0.22 per minute and $1.15 per mile >Chicago - $0.20 per minute and $0.90 per mile >Boston - $0.20 per minute and $1.24 per mile I don't know what any contracts say, or may have said in the past, but the Uber website makes it clear that drivers are paid a pretty fixed rate based on time and distance. I'm sure there's some extra details around the high demand times and all that, but there's no mention of getting paid a fixed %. https://www.uber.com/info/how-much-do-drivers-with-uber-make... Uber drivers get paid based on time and mileage. What the passenger pays is irrelevant. So the only thing that would matter is if the driver's tachometer and clock don't match up with Uber's. Of course it's marketing. The website is obviously not a legally binding contract. The point is that it's not in any way described as being an fixed percentage of what the passenger pays. That's just not the payment mechanism at all. Of course, the devil is in the details, but it would really surprise me if Uber's contract had a completely different compensation model than the website. Perhaps, but there hasn't been any demonstration of that so far. Sole proprietors still have business expenses that are separate from their income, which comes after. Additionally, anyone making Doctor money who runs their business as a sole proprietorship is a fool for not protecting their personal assets from their business dealings. No, it wouldn't surprise me that they broke the law. I'm still going to request some actual evidence though. http://www.aafp.org/news/practice-professional-issues/201505... >On average, primary care physicians overall -- and family physicians, specifically -- earn $195,000 annually, compared with $284,000 for physicians in other specialties It's not a matter of "decide to do their accounting." Business expenses are business expenses, even if you're a sole proprietor. It is a business expense, therefore it comes before your salary. Just like any other business expense, you could technically not choose to claim that business expense, but then you'd be paying income tax on that money. But you could also choose not to claim your office space rent, the salaries you pay your administrative staff, etc. Those things are all in the same category. Being able to actually program for 25-30 hours per week sounds like a dream. I'm lucky to get 5-10 solid hours of programming a week. I still refuse to work overtime. /team lead That's pretty SOP for the video game industry: low wages and insane work hours. >having Trump claim elections are rigged is pure PR gold for Putin The majority of Dems I know saw the election as rigged too. The Dem primary was absolutely disgusting, and then of course CNN got caught giving debate questions to Hillary. Hillary was pro-war, only half-ass wanted a minimum wage hike, pro free trade agreements, pro fracking, and said Single Payer was never happening. I honestly don't understand why any liberal would have voted for her. I worked in the IT arm of a household name US non-IT company (just to provide basic context). Eventually we determined that interviewing just wasn't that helpful. We started telling the recruiting company, "Send me the best you've got that's available by Tuesday." Now certainly the recruiter is going to do some selection biasing there, but we found we had just as much success as our previous interviewing process that had a phone interview, face to face interview, and a test. This question usually comes from a person trying to build their resume. My suggestion would be to do a search for Java jobs in your area and see what other libraries they are using. That will be way more useful to you in the long run than learning what the HN crowd thinks is fashionable. In my experience around here that means Spring, but it could be different in your area.. I wonder how much more the bunghole of the RIAA/MPAA would tighten up with DRM if it wasn't even illegal to copy stuff they publish with reckless regard. You'd basically have to outlaw DRM too, or everyone would just make their stuff unusable/uncopyable. Alternatively, people work hard at the wrong thing. Being the best fry cook doesn't mean you're the best candidate for running a shift. It takes different skills, personality traits, etc. People think they work hard at what they're doing they deserve to get to that next step promotion. But the truth is you have to work hard at the next thing, not the current thing. One step further than that, we need to know what traits are common among the people in that 66%. I'm confident it's not just random. I suspect some fairly simple things like graduating high school, maintaining full time employment, and not having children out of wedlock have massive impact on your economic outcome. I feel like the phrase "working hard" should be changed to "providing the most value." But that sounds mean to people who don't make much money while probably "working hard." Based on the results of the last 15 years of foreign policy it seems like we're working from far less than 70% of the information. :( >Any time there's a power differential, we need regulation. The biggest power differential is between the government and "everything else." Far too many people think regulation is the right answer, right up until the "other party" gets their hands on it. People say regulations are bad because they see the results of the bought and paid for regulations that our governments are writing. One need only recall the Princeton study which demonstrated there's a near zero correlation between what voters want and what gets enacted into law. This has been my experience too. Just in the last few weeks basically all of the channels I follow have had a total freak out and started patreon to save their livelihood. I can't speak for all major US tech companies, but I can speak for my experience at a major US financial firm, household name, etc. A couple years ago they did the old dump the American devs and move everything to India. I'm the American team lead. The difference, as far as I can tell, is that the time to market for new features has doubled or tripled. This isn't because the Indian devs/QA are lower quality, they're about the same. The cause for all our problems is communication barriers and the time zone problems. All of our customers are in the US. Every single question that goes in either direction takes at least a 24 hour turnaround. God forbid there's some confusion, then there's 2-3 back and forths with a 24-hour turnaround each time until someone decides they're willing to stay up until midnight to have a phone conversation. Not having seen the books I assume this looks a lot better on paper. Where it will hurt is is ten years down the road when our lack of velocity/innovation catches up to us and a more agile competitor eats us alive. If we were in a faster moving market (consumer finance is pretty slow) that ten year timeline would be much faster.