Why couldn't they have just ported the Winamp core and its playback plugins over to Mac? What the hell is this crap? The computer geek in me agrees with this guy, but the business major in me just laughed. Not because of his arguments -- they are sound, in my opinion -- but because of his attitude. I fail to see how this 'petulant child' attitude that we geeks like to adopt re: DRM does us any good. Yes, shit be expensive, yo. But taking an uncompromising attitude, especially when we are nothing more than a vocal minority... it's like we want the larger world to not take geeks seriously. And World of Goo for $20? Please. It's so easy to find games at a discount that buying software online at full price is borderline idiotic. WOG, like many games (esp. indie titles), is regularly discounted through the myriad different channels it is sold in. (Humble Indie Bundle is one.) All you need is patience. On another note: World of Goo is not worth $20? Really? There seems to be this growing attitude of petulant, childish snobbery among us geeks. "We're ADD, broke, impatient, and really, really lazy, and because we're your customers you do what we say or we pirate your shit." That's the vibe I got from Why I Pirate, and it's a vibe that smells like extortion. Giving the media companies a taste of their own medicine, perhaps? I can see the suits reading this little piece and instantly binning it. You catch more flies with honey, not vinegar. I really like YC's stance on Hollywood (re: funding more startups that attack hollywood directly)... we all agree that Big Content needs to die, and they're putting money down to help. Writing longwinded, rambling TL;DR diatribes (hint: the 20,000 character limit is there for a REASON) does not. Remember that we're nothing more than a vocal minority. Act as such. The non-geeks -- at least, the ones that can afford Netflix, Hulu, etc -- are satisfied. iTunes/Spotify/Grooveshark has most-to-all of the music they want, Hulu and Netflix cover the video stuff... there doesn't seem to be as much piracy coming from the mainstream crowd now that more convenient options are available. The same could be said with gamers, though they are a little more prone to piracy. What's with the author's Steam hatred? Do people still do that? (Soooo 2005, guys) What is there to hate about Steam when nearly every other media platform is worse? Steam is leaps and bounds better than the competition, AND it supports indie devs fairly, AND its got some pretty cool features, AND everyone still gets paid. Yes we geeks want unprotected super duper high quality downloads that we can transcode to 80,000,000 devices in a billion different formats. We want these things because we're nerds. Most people aren't nerds, and they don't care. Ours is a quixotic fight with unreasonable (at this time) demands, and totally undeserving of the relentless sense of entitlement we seem to feel towards it. We're forgetting that, in the end, this is all about entertainment. Not poverty, not starvation, not joblessness. Just entertainment -- diversions, mostly. There's a million ways to entertain oneself, and most of them don't involve Big Content. http://i39.tinypic.com/15n7sj6.jpg I did this for awhile and ran into an interesting (if fatal) edge case: I use a 1.5tb external drive formatted in exFAT to minimize cross-platform headaches, and whenever the drive is marked dirty (improper shutdown, eject, etc), OSX will run fsck_exfat on it before I can use it. fsck_exfat isn't a huge deal -- or wouldn't be, if it didn't have a nasty tendency to leak RAM... the moment you plug in, fsck_exfat's footprint climbs up and up and up... never stopping! Pretty soon it's eaten up 8gb out of my 8gb RAM and poor ol' lappy is unusable. I can say with authority what happens when you run out of physical RAM in OSX: it hard locks . Nothing works -- no keyboard, no mouse, nothing. So, if you plug in your large, dirty (you dirty drive you!) exFAT-formatted external drive, with dynamic_paging switched off, and let fsck_exfat do its thing, your laptop freezes! Leaving the drive dirty, only to be re-scan on boot-up... freezing the laptop, leaving the drive dirty, only to be re-scan on bootup... EDIT: this is with Snow Leopard... yeah but its the only real alternative for R/W support in OSX and Windows for large volumes. I've had corruption issues with NTFS and HFS+ drivers :-( yeah sometimes I'll boot into Windows just to clean the drives :-( And since when do people always do the right thing? I'm curious as to what's going to happen now, being that he's admitting to copyright infringement on page A1 of the New York Times.... So are we supposed to be designing all our databases to conform to third-normal form? I am not very adept at DB stuff but doesn't that increase the number of lookups needed to retrieve a row of useful data? Is the performance hit from that less painful than storing redundant (perhaps simply for caching) fields in one table? Cool, thanks :-) Why does everyone seem so obsessed over typed vs. untyped? Why are typed languages so undesirable to "hardcore" uses? Actually that was a typo... I can't go back and edit it now... I meant to say "desireable" :-) I really like Anonymous Pro, 11pt font, 0.9 linespacing on my 1440x900 mac. Looks good with light AA http://www.ms-studio.com/FontSales/anonymouspro.html edit: it sort of has serifs. kind of. well more than most sans fonts That's what they're called! Yeah, Courier is way too thick for my tastes. SEEKING WORK p/t - Amsterdam, NL - remote, freelance I am a (slightly older than most) student living in Amsterdam for the month. I'm currently sole developer on an unannounced startup, but with the semester ending I have some time for smaller side projects. I am a generalist with decent skills in a wide variety of activities, and have written production code in HTML/CSS/JS, Flash/AS, Perl, VBA/VB6 (ewwww), and C#, and have recently begun tinkering around with Wordpress. Much of my work is in small, private, one-off projects (custom reporting, dynamic banner ads, random hacks to clean up data mistakes by production servers, etc), but am not completely bereft of publicly-visible projects. tomcorelis.com tom!at%tomcorelis.com Sample work: the Dynamite Deals Firefox addon: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/dynamite-deal... Looking for short-term (days to a week or two) tasks. PS- I can do English-language copywriting, technical documentation, Photoshop, video editing, and a bunch of other things too! We're making mountains out of molehills. Don't build your shit on a platform you could reasonably expect to be taken away from you. Company management often sees piracy (and sex) as a plague that can erode customer and investor support in their business. * * * Once upon a time there were three little pigs. One pig built a house of straw while the second pig built his house with sticks. They built their houses very quickly and then sang and danced all day because they were lazy. The third little pig worked hard all day and built his house with bricks. A big bad wolf saw the two little pigs while they danced and played and thought, “What juicy tender meals they will make!” He chased the two pigs and they ran and hid in their houses. The big bad wolf went to the first house and huffed and puffed and blew the house down in minutes. The frightened little pig ran to the second pig’s house that was made of sticks. The big bad wolf now came to this house and huffed and puffed and blew the house down in hardly any time. Now, the two little pigs were terrified and ran to the third pig’s house that was made of bricks. The big bad wolf tried to huff and puff and blow the house down, but he could not. He kept trying for hours but the house was very strong and the little pigs were safe inside. He tried to enter through the chimney but the third little pig boiled a big pot of water and kept it below the chimney. The wolf fell into it and died. The two little pigs now felt sorry for having been so lazy. They too built their houses with bricks and lived happily ever after. How many creepers are going to start collecting these cards? You know, like a creeper leaderboard... Dear everybody, please stop trying to kill Craigslist. Just leave it alone. Craigslist is fine and good at what it does, and some of us don't want your fancy buzzword-friendly cloud app replacing it. Some of us just want listings. I wish the padmapper dude would grow up (dude's on a quest like Don Quijote) and I wish people would stop salivating over the possibility of Craigslist's corpse. Find something else. We'll see if this provision has any teeth when users repost their listings elsewhere. It seems added to make padmapper's life more difficult, and since the dude behind that site has been nothing but a whiny little biyotch, I'm all for it. That old adage is dead. "The customer is always right" is a prescription for terror I don't know, how about not building one's life on top of someone else's cloud ecosystem? I'll probably get downvoted for this but I am glad to see iCloud biting someone. Hopefully (unlikely) it bites more folks and then people realize that maybe they shouldn't put their life on a bunch of ephemeral, porous, closed-garden online services Or the Dutch? Or Brazil?! I've experienced this. I forget what it was but there was that one exploit that terminated some critical service makes Windows reboot after a 1- or 2-minute countdown. Frickin pain in the ass that was... This runs at like 4fps on my MBP running Firefox 15 :-( Am I the only one concerned about everyones' preoccupation with tools? This is what happens when you trust the cloud There is a general thread of sexism that permeates much of western life. It's endemic to all levels of American society. Addressing sexism in the hacker community seems fruitless to me when there is a much larger fountain of hate spewing forth over the general public. New souls will come into the hacker community and old souls will leave, and some of the new souls are going to be incorrigible sexists. Sexism must be fought at the society-level, where it originates, not in subcultures. That, and more boys need to grow up with sisters. If you want to kill sexism, make sure boys and girls respect each other at an early age... Maybe Apple's crisis is because its investors worship growth, foolishly expecting it to continue without end. You can only grow so much... Look at this completely disproportionate response over one lousy icon. As someone else mentioned, this is likely the result of a lazy graphic designer, not corporate malice. How many KDE users have pirated Sony content anyway, hmm? This is extortion When is it ever a good idea to calculate the cartesian product of every X with every other X, for each user? SEEKING WORK - Remote or onsite near San Diego, CA Experienced generalist concentrating on Ruby/Rails. Skilled with HTML, CSS, Javascript, Photohop, Flash, PHP, Linux, Apache, nginx, and a host of other buzzwords. Good at backend programming, data mining, modular design, metaprogramming, and dynamic code, but I can also do full frontend HTML/CSS/JS-or-jQuery, server admin, and most of the other tasks involved in a web venture. My business experience and training means I can understand and work well with the business just as good as I can work with fellow programmers. I am a business major who's studied computers and computer science since I was a toddler. Looking for part-time or full-time work in San Diego area, or for remote opportunities from most anywhere around the world. Things I have written or contributed to: http://www.github.com/lyjia http://www.epunchit.com http://www.dynamitedeals.com My rates are very reasonable. The contact-address-book-thing works both ways, I believe. If YOU let them access your contacts, or if anyone who's contact book you are in lets LinkedIn access their contacts, they will pop up on "People You May Know" Facebook was never an "experiment." It was a directory, then it was a platform, and now it's a machine to make money. Remember when the service is free... you aren't the customer, you're the product Right now a botched PS3 is about as functional as a brick, or maybe a glorified (and boring) screensaver. Why not call it one? Because the country is flat? How hard is it to guess? If it's publicly traded, then their obligation is to shareholders. That's the rule, and that's what Wall Street expects What is this? Why should one care? Its a mashup of ad banners because it looks like it's really the store's weekly circular? Hope the owner pays his bills now. Don't piss off the people who work for you... If I were a new web developer, I would be overwhelmed with all the buzzwords. That list should have stopped after JSON Yes, because every word out of a bigot's mouth is horrible, regardless of content or context.... [/sarcasm] Horrible people sometimes say good things... Good people sometimes say horrible things... Why does an African-American kid need to a successful African-American man as his role model?? Why can't he simply look up to a successful man? Racial segmentation is so stupid Then maybe we should be doing more to engender an attitude of calculated risk-taking. The dearth of leadership that fits whatever category you can come up with (race, education level, gender, whatever) can be overcome with tenacity and courage. Maybe we shouldn't be selling these kids on people who are like them. Maybe we shouldn't continue promoting a concept as poisonous as racial consciousness. Maybe teach these folks to disregard role models... A lot of engineers I've known, tend to speak in plain, objective, sometimes even offensive terms. Most of the women I've met seem to react negatively to this style of communication. Further, social groups often try to be exclusive to those like them; I see this even at the company I work at. Different = bad Then there's the whispered complaining, from the fellas in the room, that they have to censor themselves when a woman is present. Engineering culture has a lot of growing to do before it can be seen as a welcoming group, whether to women or any other descriptor of people This is ridiculous. You can't count modern clock speeds in 1991 dollars. Also, "massively underestimates the true pace of innovation?" Seriously? It's already too fast! People have such hard-ons for change and shiny things now that they don't even remember why they wanted it in the first place! I don't have anything to add other than I would like run a demo before drawing any technical opinions. However, given the management structure and general sales tone of the website (and its joke of a technical FAQ), it looks like DeepDB is totally gunning for enterprise sales. Is HN even the right venue for this? This sounds like PowerShell What, are each cities respective pools becoming too incestuous? First world problems... Ugh, more marketing drivel from obnoxious, clueless copywriters * Writing end tags and angle brackets are annoying (and lots of wasted characters) * HTML's ceremoniousness is burdensome (I hate XML declarations) * I've never liked the appearance of regular code inside an XML document... visually, HAML looks a lot more like "code", so template code is more visually pleasing (this is a matter of taste) So there are really people running around, voluntarily refusing to pirate until they can pay someone for it? What a weird, weird world we live in... Im an American currently visiting friends in Talca, Chile. (far away from the esrthquake) We are all sitting around and staring at the tv.... That said most of my friends here are pretty nonchalant. Chileans expect terramotos; they are used to them. The response I am witnessing is organized and no casualties thus far..... Terrible as these events are, it seems the victims were prepared. Good on them What kind of data is available for prior 1964? It'd be foolish to draw conclusions with only 50 years' data. Pre-industrial-revolution readings could be a useful control... I'd be nauseated if I found my picture plastered all over one of those flavor-of-the-month scrolly sites... Why all these funky methods for getting at your data? val = hash.them.public_keys.primary.bundle no? What do they mean by barrows? A pit in the ground? Many of the demo pages seem to have pretty dramatic spelling errors and typos. After spending weeks at work detangling a bunch of spaghetti CSS and Javascript found in a mobile-friendly bootstrap template we bought, seeing these (otherwise trivial) mistakes makes me wonder about the quality of product on offer. Yes. There's too many founders and too much navel-gazing. We're sick of seeing new "products" that only exist to satiate first-world, white-people problems. This idea that we need to create lots of little crappy projects and show them to the world -- take the various app stores, for example, and how we on HN tend to cheer any yokel with a my-first-mobile-game on "show HN". So now we have an app store flooded with crap. The tech space is a modern gold rush. Maybe blindly obsessing over innovation, as proxy for our neverending battle to increase shareholder value, is the wrong path. Nobody truly needs most of the stuff that comes out of SV, we just have armies of marketeers to create that demand where there previously was none. Umm... have other people been able to spot the vulnerability but been unable to answer due to the answers not making very much sense? Vuln hunting has its own vocab now :-( Taking the opportunity to plug a caching project/gem I like to use (and wrote) for this purpose: https://github.com/lyjia/sircachealot Nice little middleware layer between you and Redis that simplifies the semantics considerably. And automatic key expiration! And inside the US too... Wow. I don't hate how so many Windows applications are considerably uglier compared to Mac counterparts. In fact, I don't even care. There are more important concerns! Student pack? It's mostly trial offers bundled with a free text editor. This isn't a gift, its an advert Afraid of negativity much? Why do all these positive thinker optimist types insist on pushing their dogma on the rest of us? You happiness drones are nauseating. Grow up Also, might want to work on (simplify) your algo... I've found that reading everything I can, and then writing lots of random things, helped my writing the most That looks more tedious than using a tracker This doesn't have anything to do with that "Semantic web" idea thats been floating around forever is it? Why the hell did they take the name then? :( I've a pair of Sennheiser HD280's that knock out background noise passively better (their website says 32db attenuation... and I swear they are a sanctuary from sound) than a lot of active (as in powered) noise-cancelling headphones. They're also some of the most unbiased headphones I've heard at $100 (which may or may not suit your tastes) As a listener its difficult to tell fidelity better than 44/16. But if you like to remix or chop up or process recorded music for production, 96/24 or even 192/32 can make a huge difference in the quality of your edits. A distortion unit that modifies the waveform on a sample-by-sample basis now has twice the resolution to work with, and as a result its effect will sound considerably smoother and less harsh. These are the real hackers Why haven't they attempted to visualize the audio? Side-by-side FFT comparisons would show any differences pretty quickly Enough with the cute! We're developers, not a gaggle of teenage girls! package management: chocolatey, M$ is also developing something live cd functionality: bartPE, UBCD4WIN architecture support: x86, x64, itanium (limited), ARM (limited) command-line interfaces: powershell (sucks but still...), command.com kernel customization: not directly but there are special skus scaling to low powered hardware: Windows Embedded Edition licensing: linux still wins Does this affect sites that use CDNs for hosting their frameworks (as in jquery/etc)? I rather like the font rendering in Unity. Text and screen elements are tightly-spaced, small, and compact, just as good power-user software should be So it's a fancy trade school, without all the general ed that makes for well-rounded adults? ITT Technical Institute Consider? Here in Carlsbad, we're building one! http://carlsbaddesal.com/ Not everyone wants verification. I just want encryption whilst minimizing payment to the SSL cartel. Yukihiro Matsumoto Creator of Ruby "I am having fun learning Ruby at http://rubymonk.com . I like this type of lessons ;-)" Huh? This is the guy who wrote the language. Weirdest endorsement ever... Tried Ruby koans? What is with everyone trying to suppress negativity? :( Freakin happiness nazis These tactics are everywhere money is involved. These are used against me dozens of times a day, in advertisements, marketing, and just going about my business. I think that everyone has a duty to render themselves immune to these and other tactics. It's idealistic, for sure, but a lot of today's societal woes make sense in the context of people mindlessly acting out others' persuasions beyond the scope of their own rational self-interest. It's especially sickening just how many of these people see only the emotional content of the arguments presented to them and nothing else.... "But as a developer, you suck it up, modify your content, and continue." No, you're supposed to collectively bitch, moan, and whine, and if they still don't listen, you leave, taking as many people with you as possible. Yours is the wrong attitude. We can do so much better. Developers shouldn't gather around platforms that are constantly shifting... Set up samba? (thats how I work) What about NFS? Idunno, after running a MBP for almost five years, IMO Windows software is better. Most of it's not very pretty, but in terms of pound-for-pound productivity shortcuts and features-in-general, Windows designers/programmers seem to favor productivity over cheesy gimmicks (or, this contemptible trend of data sparsity) I woke up one day (after clicking update) to find my default search engine set to Yahoo and ads in my new tab page. You can mention it all you want in the release notes, but users don't expect nor want those kinds of things to change. The only thing more behind-the-back than that is Chrome yanking Java (well, NPAPI) with no warning in Update 42 Just want to note that Windows has a whole mess of dependency-management, much of it provided by the service that handles those MSI installer files. There are dozens of alternate texture packs floating around the web. They're quite popular! Doesn't work with my scroll wheel either Seconded. Shouldn't have to understand the "context", that should speak for itself So by immutable he means... systems you don't patch? That's it? Getting really tired of these slick vuln websites.... 'Through the ages'? More like 'through the recent past' Why must everything be a cloud service? Also, I doubt this could be used with private trackers (if one values their account, anyway) It feels like they barely tried. There's been ZERO ways to acquire this phone in the USA! Why is it so hard to sell an unlocked smartphone direct to consumers in the USA? "Forgot" is a little facetious, dontyathink? A lot of the questions are pretty terrible, it forces one to cram their opinions into 2/3/4 choices. The moral quandries with "this is wrong / this is right" are the worst While I think this is nice work, it's a shame it can't be plugged into a DAW. A nice toy but kinda useless for some of us There's already an addon for git that makes git very painless: git up https://github.com/aanand/git-up Pick another name! Did they ever release the source to that tool? I'd love to take it apart Because they're interesting. And this is a place of interesting things. And who is going to care about Earth's natural splendor when noone is around to appreciate it? Earth will drift on, as it always has and will. What would be the point, except for some flowery aspirations (by dead aspirants) of beauty and perfection? These people want humanity to die off over something that could never be more than principle? One man's principle no less? Give me a break! Beauty, perfection, extinction... all of these concepts are distinctly human in nature. But the cosmos (and our planet) are not, and we barely understand the rules (let alone the game) which they play. Our beautiful planet is a statistical footnote, special only in that the results of its RNG yielded an environment especially fortuitous for life. The cosmos is only matter interacting with other matter, at all levels and at all scales, forming systems upon systems upon systems, the interactions of which we perceive in this thing we call consciousness. (Separate from most worldviews, I think, is that this one can (theoretically, eventually) be expressed completely in models of physical interaction, which is something most of the world's creation stories cannot do.) Why not 'selecting a chicken leg' on the screen? Why does everything have to be an app these days? As a customer, I want these people to be licensed. I don't mind paying more to know that they will do a good job. There's a big problem of money-chasing hacks that spend minimal effort learning the skills they need so they can claim the profession. I don't want these people doing my hair or fixing my plumbing or doing my electricity. Sometimes I wish software engineering had an effective credentialing mechanism (that isn't university), because there's a lot of idiots in this field. Can anyone explain what's going on here? So how about a checkbox for each setting? I always liked the Winamp approach: ship a core system with a base set of plugins, and implement new functionality via new plugins. The base system almost never changes, and version updates are simply a new payload of plugins. Why do the best plugins need to be added back to base? Why not just keep them separate. Believe it or not Firefox was originally written in this fashion, but right around the time they added built-in spellcheck, new functionality started appearing as additions to the base system as opposed to browser extensions. Why? Firefox: the initial design principle desired a browser that was simple, fast, pluggable, compared to the old Mozilla browser which had features out the ass If Firefox wasn't bloated, then nearly all of the new value-added features since version 3 or so should have been added as included (and disable-able) plugins: spell check, Hello, the new tab implementation, etc etc This, along with all the other simplifications in tech lately, along with everyone's inexplicable obsession with tablets/phablets/phones, signals the end of the power user era Curious as to your advice against algo trading. Could you be more specific? It's not just Spain either... Chile uses 'vosotros' as a sort-of-weird version of 'tu' (with some dropped sounds) e.g. 'como estas?' becomes 'como estai?' and sounding like 'como etai?' Also: tire / tire shop: llanata / llanteria (mexico), neumatico / (tienda de) vulcanizacion (chile). Corn: maiz (mexico), choclo (chile). Car: coche (mexico), auto (chile). etc etc etc (I'm not latin, I just like traveling there, so dont take the above as gospel :) what about the Chevy NOVA? Are there any websites out there made with The Grid for us to peruse? I do too, but many of us hate the subscription model. To go from having a certain level of autonomy to feeling like little more than a peasant in JetBrain's little software fiefdom... That is the problem with these models. Perpetual licensing grants the user independence... subscription licensing holds your tools hostage unless you pay up. $25 for adobe here, $20 for jetbrains there, pretty soon $20 for windows, $20 for office, $20 here $20 there $20 everywhere... it adds up. Maybe all of these companies will stay in business... if the software was sufficiently popular. If not, then POOF It didn't used to be that way. It doesn't have to be this way. Some of us prefer to pay once. That said, JetBrain's previous model was pretty shitty too... if you wanted to sit out a couple months and wait for the next version before renewing your license, those fuckers would backdate your purchase so it began on the last day of your previous license. Jerks... What's to stop someone from reimplementing this with some other license? Disagreeing with the 'politeness' assessment of some of these words... type in 'Howdy' and the only "polite" words are "Welcome" and "Goodbye". More troubling to me is that this feels more like one person trying to impose their definition of "polite" onto others, and many of the suggestions seem result in speech that is weak, weasel-y, or lacking a feeling of weight. Actually the process is not so straightforward. They still tax you for years afterwards, for one thing. I've also heard that getting the US gov't to actually accept one's passport resignation can challenging, especially if they think you owe them money. Man this takes me back to the big bad Microsoft days. Classic FUD Wasn't pocket original an extension? It used to be when the company went out of business, their software still worked... Not good... The problem with the tablet analogy is nobody seems to know how to design complex, professional-level (like Photoshop, or Blender) applications in that paradigm. Tablet apps are overwhelmingly consumption-oriented, and those that aren't all seem to be oriented around popular (and populist) appeal. Why is everyone out for the blood of the desktop/windows paradigm? Why can't the simplified-tablet market and the desktop-power-user markets coexist? Windows and taskbars and start menus are wonderful and my favorite way of interacting with computers, why must it be taken away? On another note, it has become waaaay too easy to come up with a flashy website for a research product. Perhaps, but I think the answer lies more in backend tweaks than a UI/UX overhaul. File/folder tagging, for example, could integrate easily into existing UI paradigms without having to overhaul (or remove) the files/folders analogy. I agree that dealing with folders gets too complicated above a certain threshold, but to me that signals a need for additional (thoughtful) tooling. Pact... heh heh... I like the name :) As an everyday Rails user, most of these aren't really that surprising. Sure, one could cite 'defensive programming' or whatever, but a lot of these behaviors are warned against in the documentation. So... GUI work goes on its own thread, however that works out Too... Plain for my tastes. Not really feeling this whole "apps should look like websites" thing. And too much whitespace! There's the cultural aspect too... People tend to over-rely on email, and on communication in general... If people stopped work at a sane hour and limited messaging to times when it is actually necessary... 'X for Y' analogies are older than technology... good luck... I'm beginning to categorically distrust these "Made with Love" people. Obsessive, made-with-love types seem to be these hard-charging, work-at-all-hours nerds that need to get out more > without explaining any of them in a satisfactory manner. Welcome to finance... Financial feels so full of decoy material, designed to keep minds weak and preoccupied so the elites can do their thing without interference... The app itself is yet-another-email-client. Those original verbs in the screenshot are just pre-built macros. I don't consider "Inbox Zero" a worthy goal -- because the REAL goal should be reducing your total volume of email, by conducting one's work in a way that minimizes reliance and interactions with other people for day-to-day matters. IMHO the REAL solution to less email is smarter communications and personal empowerment: keep your meetings short and laser-focused, keep conversations focused and purposeful, make sure everyone is in sync before beginning, and don't hire/work with stupids. I shouldn't have to email Bob just to ask him to request deliverable X -- I should be empowered (and intelligent) enough to get X on my own, and if I don't know how then I should use my powers of observation and inference to figure that out. People over-rely on email, and on communication in general. The hardest part is recognizing the good material from the bad. In my experience its less about feeding for information from a single source, and more about separating useful market information from stories full of chaff. Advice can be tricky but IMO the best information are plain, boring whiteboard lectures explaining investment fundamentals. (This guy, who I've enjoyed a few of his tutorials, as one example: https://www.youtube.com/user/MoneyWeekVideos ) I avoid fruity, feel-good financial gurus because I see a lot of the same mannerisms and personality types as I encountered amongst the con artists in the 'financial seminar' and MLM scenes. Also, market commentaries from conservative brokerages are good for figuring out the macro picture Which is great, until it results a implicit-but-really-mandatory 10+ hour workday for everyone (namely, we post-obsessive geeks) I'm not sure I agree with his "dead money" assessment... if its parked in a bank it is still providing money to the bank, which can be doled out in loans. Just remember that by doing that, you're betting on the US economy's perpetual growth, as diluted by outside influences (like China...) If increased globalization stands to average global wealth (which it seems to be, except for the 1%) then I'm not sure growth is a good bet, over the long term. SPY, QQQ, etc only go up as the economy goes up... Why does the world need yet another social network? That's because the Win98 code is that much simpler. It has less to do with speed and more to do with complexity. Your phone is doing all sorts of weird shit behind your back as you poke about. Stuff that it's not supposed to be doing if app-makers were actually respectful of their users... On that note, why does that crap take so long on smartphones anyway? The mouse cursor doesnt work.... my system's real cursor is still onscreen and the emulator is doing a very poor job of tracking my movements, and its not intercepting clicks or anything like that either. None of the toy 'show HN' emulators that have popped up have a properly working mouse cursor.... That works. Chromium 47 here UI animations have a lot to do with it, but I'm more referring to UI jank over simple stuff like 'enumerating a list of sharing targets' or 'swiping to the next page of the launchboard' when the phone is otherwise idle. Or, my favorites: the multi-second pause from unlocking my phone during a phone/skype call, or the taking of an actual eternity just to answer said fucking Skype call, of which half the time the call has already hung up once my phone is finally responding... How bad is it that Windows 98, running in a ^%%^@#!ing emulator, in my browser no less, runs better than the latest versions of Android OR iOS? Oh, I wouldn't call this emu fast... but its still faster than a lot of smartphones I encounter I like the 90s UI :/ Better than all this modern crap This is a byproduct of the massive increase in tooling that we've seen over the past few years. Granted tooling has always advanced incredibly quickly but I do feel that somewhere in the 2014-2016 time period we hit an inflection point. Not to mention the steamapps folder is easily transferable (copy+paste) What's with this "it has to look identical everywhere" mentality? Do your margins really need to be precisely 10px on every single display? I've always thought one of those most beautiful things about a well-designed layout was how adapts to a variety of viewing scenarios, yet it seems the majority of conversation on the matter is about making sure things are absolutely identical . Your fonts and even colors could change. Webfonts are great and all til the idiot designer picks some "nice" ultra-thin that, while probably looked real sweet on his/her fancy Retina Cinema Display, looks like ass on mine. > even more important for me know that my application will look the same on every screen. That's my whole point. It's a superfluous concern. > While it is important to present a nice, clean interface, material design UIs with nice, large fonts and generous margins won't let me show what I need to show without making the user search through menus or scroll across a massive page. Why is 'material design' itself important? It's an arbitrary standard cast by Google, and in the opinion of many of us, it's ugly-as-hell. Same with large fonts and generous margins! This is cool! Both to use, and to study. Thank you! Funny thing is, most people don't know what they want, or they do but it's bad for them, or it's good for them but bad for many others. The set of people whose wants should be satisfied is much smaller than the set of people who want. You can write your own "templating library" in about 20 lines of regular boring ol' JS Who are all these people that need all these tools to write stuff in js? Go back to coder school! Is this what it means to look for a job in the startup scene in 2016? It seems overwhelmingly likely that you'll be dropped into some unholy, frankenstein-esque work of "art" While JS has a few pain points that should be addressed by tooling, I'd draw the line at React and jQuery and a bespoke, well-kept utility library I second this. Performant code is not so opaque as to be super hard, people simply need to know their shit. jquery spaghetti code can be quite readable if you're smart about layout... group things into sections, arrange everything sequentially where possible, etc etc I've had to do a fair amount of complex UI and, frankly, I don't see why people stress so much about it. I rarely end up with more than a screen's worth of event handling code (which is a small amount of pasta, really), and things flow around fairly intuitively if you've any experience building non-web UIs It feels like a lot of this language churn is purists reinventing the wheel. In previous comments I've ripped into specific aspects of this complaint, and an alarmingly large proportion of responses boil down to, "well, but I can't have feature XXXXXXXX or YYYYY with your stack! it's worthless!" XXXXXX is usually something like syntax highlighting, or intellisense, or some other triviality. Nobody EVER mentioned maintainability, or simplicity, or elegance, or any of these other, broader principles, without also providing a dissonant opinion. Well you know what? I can write clean, performant, raw javascript and jQuery and I am damn proud of it. I don't need your stupid, always-changing tech. It sucks; I'm 31, but the only people I can relate to here are the old men. GOML, you kids are cray-cray sigh :) Still waiting for that reality on the desktop side of things.... No, its a byproduct of programming-interview-via-GitHub-repo Hasn't anyone seen how kids obsess over Let's Play? I've talked to several kids who almost prefer watching Lets Play over playing any given game. That South Park episode was spot on. Developers should be alarmed! Never trust the cloud, it will always stab you in the back... eventually In some cases, my teenage (17) sister has told me she'd rather watch the Let's Play then play some titles, even if she has the time/opportunity to play them So the rest of the world group masturbates? Certainly haven't encountered any of that in my travels... Holding the bits gives you so many more options with regards to spontaneous changes in service quality. As a nearby comment alludes to, you don't have to deal with all the BS that comes with renting. It is saddening to think that people find this kind of impermanence acceptable; they even defend it! (Of cour$e they do) Edit: to be fair, it's nice to be in control of the bits, whether you use them internally or offer them as a service... but as a user it is frustrating to see what used to be a DIY world turn into this... sort-of stucco skyscrapers we call "the cloud" (And it is especially obnoxious to watch companies sell them the cloud, as if it were so unobtainable in the past... but of course there's money to be made in new markets, so onward!) Can Tomato do this? What publication is this affiliated with (or: who is paying for this)? "The Atavist" seems like a platform for self-published journalism? The writing style is weird; this looks more like someone's smash job. Why does www.atavist.com go to a sales page? And where's the nutgraf? Embrace, extend, extinguish... >1 points by tomc1985 10 days ago | parent | on: OneDrive reduces free tier from 15GB to 5GB >Never trust the cloud, it will always stab you in the back... eventually Posted this before, got downvoted... ...posting this again, and will probably get downvoted again... Seriously people, suck it up and run your own shit if it matters at all Hence the "suck it up" part. Find the time. From experience, some countries require a national ID number to get a SIM, even for the prepaid ones My big peeve was started time... nothing quite beats gedit or gvim or notepad.exe, though so far it seems a tie between ST3 and VSCode Atom was much faster, back in the day! They probably saw this hazard and determined early-on to cut the product. Most likely, all messaging up until now has been lies. It is amazing that so many are so desperate for shiny new tech that they're willing to put up with this kind of stuff. I used to consider myself an early-adopter, but its clear they're being played for fools... Thing Explainer was a nice experiment.... but that's exactly what it was. An experiment... not to be repeated. English has such a wonderfully rich vocabulary... and no cow is too sacred for the 'innovators' of tech. Everyone: prepare to talk like 6-year-olds! And country bumpkins despise townies... so everyone hates everyone! Let's just get that out there :) Agreed, moot point. All it would take are a few large companies to hoist its downloads through this platform and provide the initial seed pool... First candidate: Blizzard! Oh, you mean Google Stop-Downloading-Our-Precious-Image-Search-Results? No seal? The original hacker ethic was opposed to suits! http://www.hacker-dictionary.com/terms/suit Not worthy of HN? How? He wants to watch old movies, now. (Not in the future.) He used to be able to but now he can't. Tech "innovation" took that away from him. That is an opinion worthy of HN. On another note: personally, many don't want to deal with Netflix+Amazon+Hulu+whoever. This attitude that one should have faith in the streaming market is an affront and slap-in-the-face to collectors, people with shitty internet, critics, teachers, historians, archivists, remixers, and anyone else with an interest in private use or working with the bits. Sure, additional services can be provisioned to fill in those gaps... but those gaps never existed when data sharing was about files and not streaming services. This business model of the cloud looks more and more like windshield-repairmen walking around parking lots with baseball bats at 3 A.M. He also mentions being unable to access the DVD queue due to a variety of very modern-society tech mishaps. I counted two, perhaps 'variety' is being facetious. Still, it should be zero. This is relatable on a couple of aspects... First, that the advances of technology are outpacing the scenarios which they are used. As I have voiced elsewhere here, it is alarming to see billions and trillions of dollars flowing towards people who seem incapable of balancing, let-alone considering, the higher-order consequences of their actions, like, say, shutting-down the home-automation systems your customers bought as a consequence of being absorbed by a competitor. Or, denying random people things and services they used to have access to. More disturbingly, it seems that many do see these later effects, and they're sacrificing their customers' interests on the altar of the almighty dollar. Is this really what we want? Secondly, modern media consumption via streaming is simpler, yes, if you're a first-world citizen with money and typical interests. It does a disservice to people who do not fit this mold, and they are legion. The older, peer-to-peer model of file-sharing (and, in some cases, sneakernets) thrives and survives in this adverse environment, in addition to providing personal independence and privacy. Thirdly, the chain of variables in a streaming economy is so much longer than a world of plastic shiny discs. As an example, to watch a movie via a DVD you bought or rented, you need: * viewing device with electricity and a screen (one-time cost) * a DVD player, properly connected (one-time cost) * software on said device able to execute and play the disc (one-time cost and not even a consideration historically) * the disc, in a workable condition (edit: and a compatible region), and the funds or means to acquire it (one-time cost) * knowledge to operate the DVD player ... and thats it. Compare with Netflix, Hulu, et al: * viewing device with electricity, internet access, and a screen (one-time cost) * a working, high-bandwidth internet account that can reach your servers with an acceptable latency (recurring cost) * a current account with your service provider(s) of choice (1x+ recurring cost) * current software, able to execute, on said device (recurring cost due to updates) * a provider that is online and accessible * knowledge to operate the media player, but also possibly the web browser, on a phone, or tablet, or computer (one-time cost) * knowledge of current account credentials (sometimes difficult for some) The cost side of streaming media is so much higer, and entails significant recurring obligations. If you can't pay your streaming bill, much of this goes away. There are many more points of failure. This is simply unacceptable in many parts of the world. Good point. Thanks! I don't get it. What is the point of a breach like this? Agreed, it's still a multiple more expressive than the other languages I use daily Photoshop remains the only program I've ever had to take a class to truly figure out. While I love PS, I've also switched to the GIMP (for work stuff, anyway) as it covers most of my use cases. Many of the proponents of an 'old' interface, compared to some newer remake, are resisting the change in order to defend their prior investment. It can be done, you just need to know the variables to tweak and how. 10+ year FL vet here. Most other DAW's have caught up with their piano roll implementation but I still like FL's the most. I think what makes it unique is its toolset -- as in, the toolbar up top -- as its modal editing workflow lets you add, delete, and then transform notes incredibly quickly. Most of these modes have a shortcut to get to them, and its easy to flip between them. It even has a chord option, which functions much in the same way as that hook tool. Other DAWs take a modal approach but in many cases they complicate their implementation. It's also worth noting that FL is pattern-based, whereas most DAWs are not. ("Pattern-based" means you generally write music phrases/patterns and repeat them throughout the track, this is helpful for electronic dance music.) A repeating bassline pattern in FL is more akin to a series of symlinks back to the original file, whereas in Cubase and Logic, each of these repeats would be copies (unless you specify otherwise, but I found the implementation convoluted and troublesome.) Most of the other DAWs I've worked with are much more fiddly and require messing with technical details and audio routing to get a good result. FL also requires this, but again the implementation is seamless, has sensible defaults, and stays out of your way until you need to mess with it. (In the middle of a good flow I have very little patience for routing.) I do not find this to be the case with Live, Cubase, or especially Logic... I put in an effort to learn each of these at some point and ultimately left to return to FL. I've noticed DAWs tend to optimize around performances (Live), MIDI orchestration (Cubase, Logic), recording (ProTools, Reaper) or 'in-the-box' production (FL). All of the above have tools for composing by mouse but FL's workflow is optimized for this specific use-case. Ah yes, Reason! It's been a while :) As in, my Ruby code generally has the least amount of implementation cruft compared to other languages. It would seem that it fits closest to how I think. Hashtables, resource locking, regular expressions, string formatting, are all things I have to deal with a lot and I like dealing with them in Ruby more than any other language. Also, reflection in Ruby is superb. Honestly, unless the API is complex, why bother? I feel like abstracting APIs into objects (essentially RPC calls?) creates too much of a dependency on the network. The friction of writing the calls and their handlers helps minimize their use :) I love how people naively pass judgement on an aesthetic, as if everyone's tastes were like theirs. Besides, it doesn't matter if it sounds human or not, that's not the point. Old hardware introduces a lot of weird harmonics that often affect future stages in the signal chain in a big way. Predictably enough that one can make art with it -- and it's hard to emulate that in software. Ugh. Now we're gonna be hearing about chatbots for the next 5 years :( Also can we call these something else? Bot is too overloaded a term. "Chatbot" is more accurate. Surely the energy demands for such a simulation would be... astronomical. Maybe, but to an outsider who doesn't follow all the countless discussions, this just looks like yet-another-SaaS waving around its codpiece. And what a pricey codpiece it is? $50/mo for the solo plan? To make diagrams? Seriously? This kind of stuff is supposed to be desktop software. One shouldn't have to pay a monthly fee to make fucking diagrams Both? :) It bothers me to see nickle-and-diming people to death becoming so commonplace Still in the realm of desktop software, where you pay ONCE It is trivial to generate a .deb from nearly any pip module... sudo apt-get install devscripts python-all-dev python-stdeb; cd path~to~pip; python setup.py --command-packages=stdeb.command bdist_deb I'd hardly call debian and its derivatives 'niche', but whatever floats your boat... Perhaps, but this is to answer the call of 'os-native' packaging. I'd figure between msi+pkg+rpm+deb you'd have most of the bases covered. This sounds crazy but we are actually in a situation where it is preferable to deploy python libraries via APT Self-taught. Still learning. I'm avoiding books and trying to draw my own conclusions by watching the market. One thing I have learned is that most of the other people talking about the market are full of shit. There is so much misinformation and red herrings that it feels like seasoned investors WANT newbs getting lost in the spiderwebs. Maybe they should adjust their business to account for this new cycle of usage, and not fight it I agree, the language here is condescending at best. I don't want an organization talking to me as if it were my friend. Apple is not a friend -- it is a company that wants my money. (If anything that makes it an enemy.) One thing I have found is not to trust anyone above oneself that tries to stoop to your level. They often do this because either they think you are not smart enough to understand what they really want to say, or they just really don't want to say it but they need some words to put on a page. "Please use a modern web browser to view this content." What? Well screw you too! I'm on Chromium 49! Throwin this out there cause you hate postgres huh? Except that everyone is crazy and high off the fumes of DIY ...actually that does sound pretty 60s What is the current state of offline, non-cloud-connected speech-to-text? My phone has a voice processing chip, and it recognizes my speech pretty well, but I still can't figure out if it's completely disconnected from the cloud (despite intentionally not agreeing to the privacy policy) His demo is just a shim for Amazon's API... It does. There's an offline language pack installed, though. Yes, that's what the world needs. More ruthlessness... I'm so sick of all these businesses starting out humble and bespoke and then suddenly chasing growth and trying to take over the world. Soundcloud is a tool for artists to host their music with a minimum amount of hassle. It's also a tool for fans to discover said artists. But it should be nothing more than this. There are other competitors that have already taken over other aspects of the music space, and own it completely -- but nobody owns artists'-hosting-their-music like Soundcloud. It was the beginning of the end when they were bought by ABC or whoever-it-is. I wish there was some way for a business' customers to block acquisitions, maybe we'd fewer entrepreneurs with reckless exit strategies messing with the good things in life. Art has, for thousands of years, flourished under a system of patronage. Sometimes patrons really wanted art, sometimes they it was just a selfish indulgence, but unless they were commissioning something specific the art was generally left to its own devices. I could see Soundcloud thriving under such a system. And how much of this money lost was due to technological vs. human costs? How is it that a streaming site needs nearly 200 employees anyway? Soundcloud could be thriving, but then they seem to have put people at the helm who prioritize spending money above all else. "Success for Firefox means continued relevance in the mass consumer market as a way for people to access, shape and feel safe across many devices." Gah! No! It should mean that Firefox continues to be an awesome, customizable web browser! Why does all this wishy-washy "feelings" crap have to creep into their mission statement? Yes, because many believe art to be a higher calling than some stupid new gadget or cloud service. While I don't really want patrons or VCs ruling the scene, and would much rather let the artists reign, artists generally don't have jobs (VCs took 'em) and so they don't have much money, so they can only do so much to support themselves. Enter the patron. It is, but only so much. There are huge gaps in Chrome's addon library (no streamrippers, for example) and it seems Google is more interested in Chrome as an app platform. Trojan horse design Firefox started humble, as a lightweight alternative to the Mozilla Suite -- it needs to return to its roots. (As did Chrome, actually, and it too needs to go back to that). Mozilla should focus their innovation on speed and versatility, and not on disgustingly touchy-feely "mass market" feelings. Ew ew ew ew ew. Yes, it is. Security theater is real. I still fail to see how you need 200 people to run a CRUD app that streams audio. Or, at least, I fail to see how you would need that many people if you had a small team of computer nerds that knew how things work. Given the job market seems to be skewing more towards bootcamp grads, and given the general paucity of practical intelligence that I seem to encounter from businesspeople, maybe you're right on that one. And of course Soundcloud wouldn't consider a business relationship that lets customers block acquisitions! Nobody would! That's why there needs to be a way for people to block it anyway. That said, my earliest uploads are 6+ years old, and I had an account prior, so I think I have been around for at least part of what could be considered "humble beginnings". And for the record I have never had an issue over their need to charge for premium accounts. That's fine. It was a bit bullshit when they switched to their "casette tape" model, as it fucks over the DJs in the crowd who use SC for hosting hourlong+ sets. I am not advocating for Soundcloud being completely free and 100% available to all -- you are right, it wouldn't survive. The problem is that once SC was acquired, their tone shifted. SC slowly grew to be this place that was about more than indie artists posting their work -- SC started targeting big fish (like everyone else, sigh ), and attracting large volumes of new users. The larger user pool has been slowly diluting what was once a relatively tightly packed (and very communal feeling) community of artists. You could write an artist and actually expect an answer from them! All this has gone away in the years SC has grown considerably. SC should follow the model of DeviantArt, or Craigslist. Pick you niche, and dominate the shit out of it. Charge money only where absolutely necessary, from the subset of your customers most likely to pay, and do it in a way that supports the rest of the business. Basically write in whatever is comfortable, they both run the same format binaries. Some .Net features are not available in Mono (yet). Other than that, the two seem fairly interchangeable Nope. Perhaps: if it requires justification, it requires revision. I personally dislike 'Project Infinite' because the only thing I think of in context of dropbox and infinity is infinite storage, which this is not. It's misleading. This! This times a million times!!~! Seriously. The javascript world is INSANE. All these frameworks and few truly need them... node.js package management is a mess... yet how many of these coders will take the time to learn real ES5? It really isn't that hard of a language. I feel like calling oneself a "javascript" expert practically requires knowledge of a framework or too. This is saddening, because Javascript itself is a rich language with a ridiculously fast runtime, yet everyone wants to work with a framework when a head full of sound theory and experience will do :/ Did you not see that headline about how the average page now is the size of a Doom install? jquery is awesome, go for it! (I don't consider jquery a framework, though you can use it like one. Back when browser compatibility was a much larger headache it was a requirement for being productive, but nowadays most browsers implement ES5 reasonably uniformly. Particularly notable are its succinct shortcuts for CSS manipulations, AJAX, and running code on-page-load) The only real gotcha is that jquery DOM manipulation is not really compatible with native DOM manipulation, but you can get to one from the other Re: overhead criticisms: the base jquery "runtime" is a pretty reasonable size for the functionality it provides, and the accoutrements are completely optional. Six years ago I was regularly mining merchant pages containing 1mb+ of HTML. Nowadays that seems to be par for course. I guess that's why we have so many! bah dum bum chh How funny, then, that the framework people can't seem to standardize over anything more than jquery or react? If layers upon layers of frameworks really were the best approach for complex applications then why can't people get behind one clear winner? Why does there seem to be a new framework popping up all that damn time? How much money has been lost simply keeping up with the artificially hastened pace of change? Now, I personally have nothing against frameworks individually, but collectively people seem to pile them on top of each other. One is enough -- the beauty of web standards is that there is a common language that one simply needs to speak to access. You are profiting from the community's collective lack of technical rigor. I think you're touching on exactly the problem: a 'spaghetti be-spoke' js app. Can a JS app be anything but? Javascript is a language for the view layer. It's supposed to be the minimal shim on top of LAMP or Rails or whatever, to bridge the gap between static HTML and dynamic movement. It was never supposed to run the entire app! How does a LAMP/RAILS app share server side rendering code with the client? It doesn't, because I don't need/want it to. Any data that needs to be passed to the client is rendered as JSON. Client-side get committed to the database via AJAX (to my buzzword-o-rific REST api), or with good-ol' POST. How does a LAMP/RAILS app share data models between the server and client? Again, not needed. How does a LAMP/RAILS app provide search engines with indexable dynamic pages? Uh, through clever use of jquery AJAX and postgres indices? How does a LAMP/RAILS app preserve client state between page reloads? A serverside redis cache? In the database? In the cookie? LocalStorage? C'mon man. How does a LAMP/RAILS app synchronize client state between multiple connected clients? By pushing a hash with current state to all clients via polling? Websockets? Whatsitcalled where you don't close the original HTTP connection? Did you know postgres has some pretty awesome realtime pubsub tech? I suppose if I have some extra time I could send changesets and load them with $.merge() ... I just want you to know that you are doing nothing to improve my image of the JS-scene-writ-large as immature, spoiled, and childish. There are isolated pockets of brilliance, for sure, but the everyday talk scares me. (gjolund: I can't reply to you directly, but consider this my reply) Because they're simple? They're relatively standard? They're compact? Because I don't have to learn a new god-damned framework for every single new assignment? When did software development become a paint-by-numbers exercise? There is a difference between spaghetti-code and engineering. Why do you want to write all that extra code instead of just picking the right tool for the job? Because I can do it in less lines, in less time, with no new dependencies, and -- again! -- I don't need to learn another new framework! PS- Please understand, I know the difference between good code and bad. That's why I've automated most of my job title and am able to spend 97% of my working day helping the rest of my team solve their problems! Oh and did I mention I handle the infrastructure, enterprise integration, telemetry, and sales reporting for my company? thanks! That trick worked! As a user of React, I disagree -- unless you are using React in a javascript runtime, in which case you're probably fine. But I resent react for all the extra cognitive load it forces me to worry about when all I really give a shit about is its shadow DOM implementation. And then, only when I've got page(s) full of data I need to update without lag. No, more specifically, using React with Rails through the react-rails gem. I am considering ripping out all my JSX and replacing it with our React JS No, you can build your own full-text search engine with dynamic pages with postgres' fulltext index types. You can subscribe to changes through LISTEN/NOTIFY, or by outputting log entries in trigger functions, among other techniques. That fulfills the 'dynamic' part of the question. I don't know how you read that question (well, ok, I do), but it's not how I read it. Whiff of an insult duly noted. We did it because users demand it. A SPA feels substantially faster and more reactive. Users notice. Dude! Whoever said we were railing on SPAs? But since you bring up Gmail I'd just like to note that gmail has been a slow, bloated mess for many years now. It takes a half a minute for the page to stop janking on my dev box with 50mbps internet, so I think Gmail in its current state is a poor choice of example. Gmail of old, back before they tried to cram 80 million things into it, was a pretty good example. Well, react-rails is how. And it's messy as hell. Last time I was in berlin there was a fair amount of open space (Kreuzberg area) It's not so much because of promises, its because sync IO blocks the GUI thread, so you have to write callbacks somehow. Pick your poison. Qt/GTK/WinForms or GTFO! As mentioned earlier, there's Chrome's "Add To Desktop" option It's because there are a lot of people here obsessed with reaching the largest possible audience they possibly can. And since every brother and their mother are on mobile, or, at least, a web browser... The way I see it, mainstream masses are finally (FINALLY!) leaving the world of desktop computing behind, so now it can return to the nerds and people who just wanna do shit Not sure if I agree with his post, but to hell with the gurus! It's a mentality we need to move away from, and it is nauseating the way people drool over so-called 'gurus'. Software is not religion... it's just software That's 2x to 3x the before-tax income of your average non-tech-employed American. Are you kidding?!?! Yes, $300k is even more unconscionable. Medicine in the US is wwaaaaaaaaaaay overpriced. Things that are critical for life needs to be priced at a reasonable flat rate above costs, and conducted with the attitude of public service and human actualization. Let big pharma reap their R&D costs some other way Not if people who can't afford it have their lives ruined simply because they can't afford it I'm not in that industry, I'm sure my ideas aren't very good. * massive step up in grant funding to front-load R&D costs so they're paid by the time the drug is out, or * worldwide medical R&D fund, bounties for individual re-searchable issues, or * move private R&D to universities, have profits gained pay back R&D, send any extras to researchers, and shutter R&D aspect of private medicine At least I'm trying to think of alternatives, and not just trying to shoot other commenters down Well, the situations with coffeescript exceptions and exceptions-from-the-depths-of-hell are avoidable (hint: don't use coffeescript)... indeed Rails makes it easy but just because crazy amounts of gems are on offer doesn't mean one has to use them. Ruby/Rails certainly has its quirks, and while Rails certainly does seem to be taking on more and more unnecessary dependencies, some are still plenty productive in day-to-day Rails. A lot of pain avoidance in Rails is following its opinions up-and-until it takes you further than you need to go Perhaps you might consider completely stopping reading Medium posts. Much of what is wrong with HN is the fact that people here think Medium gives them instant credibility. (To be more specific, I object with how professionally-done Medium posts look, in contrast with their content, which often seem amateurish at best.) Rails has a lot of life left in it. Still my favorite platform for gettin shit done Indeed, lack of political will kills many things :/ Oy! The name 'rack' is already taken, referring to abstracted-out request-handling glue code that Rails et al are built on top of :/ I know, it's just painful to see two projects so close together sharing a name, esp. after a project is shown to the public Ethics and laws are distinct, legally. You are required to follow the law You are not required to follow ethics, though it is generally advisable While I love me some PG, SQL Server is nothing to sneeze at. Was fairly impressed with it, never had any serious issues on an under-specced server once occupied by terrible programmers Noone else noticed the slight dissonance of reading something like this on an academic journal? Knowing nothing of the context here, it certainly sounds like an interesting story The story? It's in many ways an irrevocable decision that technologists seem poised to render moot. Shame that the meaning of that is disregarded so... PS... how convenient, they own the ink and the way to remove it. SV... sigh Well, I wouldn't call its boring boring. Well, temec itself is a bit crap (all track housing) but the area is quite nice. Thing Explainer was a nice experiment, but, really... what's the value in trying to parse CNL explanations that are harder to understand than using the actual word? Are there any other acronyms around sexual intent that are considered benign intact but offensive when mentally unpacked? I can't think of any. Because when you unpack it the original meaning becomes clear. It's hard to imagine someone dignified not taking offense to being called a MILF, because regardless of what was intended you just told the person they are a mom you'd like to fuck, to their face. The want of linguistic purity is superfluous, and contrary to how languages develop. In the comforts of daily life polyglots fuse their multiple languages together, creating a new dialect. I'm no linguist but one can clearly observe this in japanese "Engrish" (which is a real phenomenon abroad, my former sensei had stories of mispronounced English being taught in schools and understood locally), or in hybrids like Afrikaans or Portuguese. Or in any of the regional dialects that spring up in mixed cultures. "Pure" languages like Esperanto are neat, and I think they can serve a legitimate and useful role at the world's table, but a language that fights impurities has to constantly push against a strong current. (See: French.) Real language is messy -- because if the majority of people break some rule of grammar together, it becomes the new grammar! Also, those examples of 'pure' Modern English were ugly/crude-looking/inelegant :( I had always heard that as "for want of," but whatever, it's too late to edit Portuguese is a pretty obvious mix of Spanish and French. I wasn't aware there were other predominant influences (though there always are) And you're right about English, there's a joke about how our tongue stalks other unsuspecting languages in dark alleyways, knocking them out when opportune to steal loose grammar and vocabulary Most of the words I've encountered in written Portuguese appeared to be either Spanish or French, or visually a combination of the two. It's another child of Latin, alongside Spanish, Italian, French, Romanian, and others. I don't know the history and I don't intend that Portuguese is a child of the two, only that it is another product of the Latin echo chamber by way of its two most visually apparent influences. I've never had any purposeful encounters with any of the languages you mention, though I would certainly like to! Pure in the sense that it was designed to be grammatically regular, phonetic, and generally easy-to-learn. Functional purity. The deletion thing has been known for months. Now Apple does something? And a special version of itunes? Does nobody over there collect mp3s? People have been grumbling on blogs about this for some time -- google trends for "apple music deletes library" spike for about the last year or so. Wasn't it posted on HN? Given Apple's original, incredulous response to Vellum (see links elsewhere in this thread), its 'known issue' status, the seemingly tepid response up-until-now, and the amount of time they have had to solve this most arrogant of bugs, my money is on the their appearance being some bright-eyed PR fix. I'd bet Apple's management doesn't give a shit about your files when they compete against Apple's pay service. Edit: and good lord people! Empathize with me long enough to think about how, possibly -- just possibly -- someone might have a different interpretation! This is about tardiness and arrogance, not an insult to engineering. Sheesh Me too. How about Apple not fucks up in the first place? How about people put out software that works and not this MVP bullshit that passes for a finished product? How about respecting the user by default? Make less mistakes? Test more? Don't move so fast? And you know what? I will expect perfection. Because if someone has the gall to destroy people's stuff they better execute to fucking perfection Good! Or perhaps it would result in only the companies that need that data actually holding it, and doing so with care. I would love to see a big nasty liability poison pill attached to PII So take my comments to the other extreme? Why can nobody see any middle ground?? The pushback experienced for wanting quality, well-written, doesn't-need-to-be-patched code is mystifying Vote by mail? a) Basically the cracker acquires access to parts of LinkedIn's database that store user login details, including scrambled versions of passwords. Unfortunately, the algorithm used to do the scrambling is easy to undo. Since the dump is/was being circulated in the underground, anyone with a copy of it and a little bit of time can presumably unscramble the whole list, revealing all passwords stored at the time the dump was generated. Given that so many use the same login/password for multiple sites... b) There is software (intrusion detection systems/software, or IDS) that does that, but it is rarely present by default. The hows and whys of IDS can be difficult for non-security types to grok, and it can be costly in terms of time, equipment, and money, so it often not encountered. This doesn't even look like pay-for-a-snippet (which I agree is a pretty audacious business model). They sell you a black box, which you interact with through REST. As a firm believer that knowledge -- particularly theory -- should be free, Algorithmia is repulsive. As a developer their black-box model (and not simply giving me source) is a no-go. Wasn't there a Firefox fork that's keeping XUL and XPCOM and all that? Pale Moon? A while back I launched Bitcoin Armory for the first time only to discover it had to download the entire blockchain(!) before it could seemingly do anything. Does a game like this bloat the blockchain, and if it does, do people care? Juce UI apps looked pretty bad with stock UIs. But it's used a lot in the music plugin community, where custom skins are king. Perhaps we are in need of a cultural shift that emphasizes "doing it right" instead of "making all the money" It's a fairly simple remedy, if you're OK with pulling in Activesupport Why? I hate libs with native compilation. Bundle install doesn't always "just work" then... now you're somewhat bound to your compiler toolchain and whatever platforms your native code is compatible with (which oftentimes doesn't seem to include Windows, without a ton of extra effort) I wouldn't say that... but what if you could block all the routes? That appears to be the case here.... Idunno, with the law as complex as it is, and with civil procedure being as complex as it is, it seems like there is so much room to grow as a lawyer that I'm sure they have a similar 10x distinction, as in programming I'm liking this argument that "gawker bloggers aren't journalists" so much that it seems to negate the contradiction of Thiel preaching press-freedom yet financing lawsuits against a press outlet. Of course, factoring out my biases, this is troubling. But who is foolish enough to think that this sort of thing doesn't happen in tech? Most of the big names got there through backstabbing Those of us born in coastal states might have an issue with that. Affluence and gentrification destroy the character of interesting communities. Careless indifference deserves no place here. and then hope that every registrar out there is honest... Interesting. Though it seems odd to scrap them when there are still two perfectly-workable shipping lanes that they'll fit through I have to agree with this. We recently replaced a homegrown webapp with its MS Dyanmics GP equivalent and headaches have increased exponentially. It's as if the system was designed to be so complex as to require a team of people to operate, plus a manager to supervise, plus a support person to field phone calls... when one guy churned out the original in a day, and ran for a year-and-a-half with only minor technical (and no major organizational) hiccups. This is almost exactly what it feels like FB and much of the web (even some of HN!) has become/is becoming. That's only like 10% of the issue. Many of these tech firms are so big that many countries perceive a threat to their sovereignty. SV acts with such impunity that pushback should be no surprise. So, what, everyone is cool with owncloud pushing encryption-breaking updates? What the fuck is that about? The way apologists step up to the defense of stuff like this is appalling. The 'hard' stuff like this is supposed to be dealt with before the public release. Just because one has a backup doesn't mean that other programmers should force them to rely on it (whether they intended to or not... the point is that this kind of thing should never happen) I am beginning to feel like we should start figuratively burning people at the stake for advertently or inadvertently destroying other peoples' data -- it is a sin about as cardinal as they get; and it seems many programmers are clearly not very scared of such an outcome. Wiping/bricking/rendering inaccessible your customers' data should be causing people to shit bricks, not go on the defensive. Normals HATE technology bullshit like this. They just want it to work. Failures like these make the entire field look bad. Maybe, but at the time of writing many of the responses here felt like the comment I originally replied to -- splitting hairs over pedantics and blaming the user for not testing his backups well enough. I still feel very strongly that he shouldn't have to I've looked at ownCloud several times simply as a tool that I wanted to use, and each time I was turned off because of very distinctly je ne sais quoi icky feeling. For what seemed like an open source, drop-in dropbox replacement, the sales pitch seemed to add a lot of unnecessary crap. Can anyone elaborate on said consequences? I fail to see how demoing your product in another country could have an adverse impact at home. But this looks to be more complicated... ownCloud GmbH is unaffected? What was the purpose of having both companies then? There are many EU firms that seem to compete just fine without the Inc/LLC/Co at the end of their name And Yahoo Messenger is stillll waay better than Slack "Little pig, little Pig, let me come in." "No, no, not by the hair on my chinny chin chin." "Then I'll huff, and I'll puff, and I'll blow your house in." Seriously, downvotes? If one builds their house out of a foundation of sticks, what do they expect to happen? Or the fact that in a lot of XML 90%+ of it is markup? What's with the bullshit install wizard? Where did the direct download live USB link go? Agreed; too much commitment. I hate 'trying everything' because I never feel good at anything, and more often than not "new technologies" in this scene are just someone else's old ideas, rehashed and made more complicated. Mastery requires focus. How typical. Offer "choice", but limit said choices to things which only serve Mozilla's interests.... I feel like the internet mostly held this ideal until the runup to the first dotcom bubble. Then the business people took over, and, as they tend to do, converted these principles into something more suitable for monetization; putting it in the hands of as many people as possible, as quickly as possible, through appeals to ego and emotion instead of reason and rationality. And here we are today, where the best knowledge is locked up behind paywalls and "cute" and "the new sincerity" (what a load of crap...) reign supreme. A lot of people have been using this sort of upbeat, 'I'm your friend'-style marketing, with lots of cute flourishes and 'built with love' BS. I've seen it called it 'The New Sincerity' in the sense that it is supposed to be about craftsmen displaying sincere (in the sense that they believe in its 'awesomeness') enthusiasm for their work; unfortunately in the process it has been co-opted by spin doctors and marketing people, filtered down to its emotional essence (cute, happy, lies about friendship, lots of awesomeness), and then used repeatedly until the next fad comes. One of the largest examples I can think of is the hipster-y, craft aesthetic (crossed arrows are particularly overused cliche). Come to think of it I think the SF hipster clique were some of its original proponents. http://www.maximumfun.org/blog/2006/02/manifesto-for-new-sin... ... notice the writer's enthusiasm >Most of what I do can be classified as "work". Isn't that the problem? Weekends are for resting, or doing whatever you want to do, which doesn't have to be work. As it is with all of us. But I refuse to do work work over the weekend, as I wish were the norm in this industry. But if someone complains they have too much work over the weekend.... well they should do less work then. Use the time for what it is designed for! I spin records using exactly this system. You use the digital vinyl because it feels identical to real vinyl. Those dinky little jog wheels on DJ controllers are for the pretenders, they lack the precision and weight to be much use for scratching, and are considerably more finicky for beatmatching; Serato is/was a digital vinyl system first. Those that learned to spin on turntables tend to swear by them; there is a certain tactile aspect that is ahrd to get elsewhere. (Serato has since pivoted to controllers, since CDJs seem to have taken over the club scene) Why's (Poignant) Guide to Ruby comes to mind... Gas stations have a special loophole for that OP reeks of subjectivity. "Scala is a rugged, expressive, strictly superior replacement for Java." I have nothing for or against Scala, and Java is a popular target. But "strictly superior"? There are critiques of the language and its toolset that contradict the strictness of its superiority. ( https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-criticisms-of-Scala ) "Hipster" carries a more detailed connotation than that, at least in the US. (Lots of fond memories arguing about the term in europe, where the word seems to lack its snobby, negative feel) > Yes, but this isn't the generic term "hipster", it's applied to a specific context, that is hipster programmers. Then he should say hipster programmers. I think of a less-parodied version of these guys: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGkuxk-LPww Also, the people I argued with were German. Perhaps a broad brush... Please refrain from "rules lawyering". It's not funny and doesn't add to the conversation. If 'protect revenue loss' is an oblique way of justifying outright theft, then sure. These snakes are aggressive as hell. They monitor domain registrations and email-bomb anyone in DNS records. Their spam gets through filters and they'll call you up to sell you certs. Fuck them. Delphi binaries dont have any dependencies, right? This is what I was going to put! Agreed! It's unfortunate that their browser extensions were an infrequently-upgraded, bloated mess (or at least they were before I stopped using it) Reaper was written by the Winamp people? No wonder! I love Reaper too, it's a bitch to figure out how to use for ITB production though For all their advancement in storytelling and worldbuilding, it is still so frustrating to try and play DF today. I did not grow up with Roguelikes and ASCII characters or backwards-ass vim-style key-memorization GUI patterns, and the nostalgia that surrounds these things is simply annoying. The noob pack helps but what it really needs is for that isometric graphics mod to become a full UI layer. Mid-90s WinForms would be an improvement over what DF's got. It is painful to see people so smart pooh-pooh something so obvious as a useable UI (I won't say "decent", because "decent" nowadays is this brightly-colored material-design garbage) that isn't super painful for people who like to come and go. Well, that and I am no longer on Mac. Still running the Windows version, though... maybe I'll try them again I tried the newb pack not too long ago... the experience was too clunky for me. The graphics packs are nice but they always feel incomplete... and even when I had this nice visualization (in a separate window...) it would frequently crashed and I really wished taht I could interact with the game with it. Yes, they're artists and this is their art, but software rarely -- if ever -- exists in isolation, yet DF acts like it does. You've all these nerds with too much time on their hands building all this ridiculously complicated infrastructure just to play the game in a way that is more comfortable, when instead the DF guys could simply allocate X amount of time and then be done with it. And this isn't a demand that the DF guys make the UI better, just a wish that they would put in a minimal amount of effort so that the community could hook in their own GUI code with a minimum of fuss. Besides, I write code and debug fussy computer shit all day for work. Games shouldn't require that kind of advanced hackery just to play. And who cares if they're artists? Neither the artist nor his art are immune to criticism (or, wishfully thinking, critique). Also, only the fool thinks nearly all art is worth it, or that nearly all art can be "spiritual". Art is 99% crap and 1% gold -- whether music, or the visual arts, or the performing arts, or code -- and DF is one of the few cases in my mind that lands in both categories. Of course. It doesn't change anything about DF though, and it's DF that made it into NY MoMA [1]. The problem with DF is that the UI runs off in a completely different direction. Playing the game requires untangling a mess of counter-intuitive mental contexts, using controls that seem to make little sense. It is an experience wildly different than the way one expects-slash-wants UI to behave. Artistically, one might say that DF's creators are making a statement against modern UI and its inherent complexity, but then I think that falls flat when you realize that the alternative (as in, what is it right now) requires considerable study to enjoy. Is it artistic statement, or laziness? Or something else? Software, like all interactive mediums, has a functional component that you can't just ignore. If this were a painting, or a sculpture, or music, and I could only interact with it through perception, then that's fine -- entire art movements are built from challenging prevailing norms. But software is experienced through use, and no artist is immune to the practical considerations of their medium; rules which are best heeded. (Or not, but very veeery carefully and with great discipline.) DF is a game, and games are meant to be played. This is a fundamental tenet of games. Play happens through approachability, among other things, and approachability is the product of an equation that includes good interface design. A game seemingly opposed to even a modicum of approachable design (something as simple as remapping mouse and keyboard controls to behave intuitively, as one would expect an ncurses-type app to act) runs opposed to very fundamental notions of game design. It is also terribly ironic, I think, and irony really is one of the basest and most-overused cliches in modern art. Again, even the barest of olive branches extended to the community -- a simple, low-level API to hook into, or better default mapping of controls, or a recanting of their weird ideas of how windows should work -- would satiate this critic, as I really do want to enjoy DF. It is a shame that such brilliance is locked away in such a homely and unapproachable exterior. [1] http://www.moma.org/collection/works/164920 My sentiments exactly. Brilliance doesn't excuse bad design. And I totally get their feelings against UI. Low level UI is a bitch to write and difficult to get right. I have abandoned ideas when I realized just how much work it would take. These guys are clearly really smart. I agree with the other posts here in that I have no beef with the gameplay in any way. But god damn it would be nice if they would get off their high horse and learn from some working engineers. And how is that mode of expression anything higher than selfish indulgence? In cinema that sentiment has resulted in some of the most vapid, unwatchable trash ever created. In music this results in experimental, unlistenable noise that never seems to appeal to anyone enough to be self-sustaining. It's like an emotionally repressed teenager crying out, "you don't understand my pain, man! you'll never understand!" We do understand, we've all gone through it, and we've moved on. If DF's creators want to be avant garde, then fine. But it is a lonely, and possibly pointless path, and again a damn shame, because oh how amazing it would be if it weren't! The game is over a dozen years old and from what I have experienced seems relatively complete. Sure, it's not 1.0, but at this point it is not hard to envision a functional ncurses-like interface built around the concepts that DF's current UI establishes, to say nothing of more exotic (or modern) alternatives. But, as you say, it's their project. They can do with it what they want. I can sit here and critique and wish it were better, and you can defend it, and together we change nothing. I just really want to play a game as inspired as this in a way that doesn't require the kind of devotion and study this game does, because its a friggin videogame and I need to devote my studyin' time to shit that actually matters (to me, touche). (And besides, I think we human beings have a fetish for complexity that we really could do without) Alright fine, whatever, minor details. Isometric, fully 3d, 2d, who cares? Nearly anything is better than what it is right now. So, guys create a ton of work for themselves and post up a public tracker. They scope the game to be WAAAY larger than what it could reasonably be, but this scoping allows its creators to put up this multi-generational progress bar that slowly-but-surely inches to completion, and in the process eke out a meager living. The elation, when that progress bar does move, is borderline orgasmic. I call BS Why is it always this binary comparison? It doesn't have to be good looking. It doesn't have to pretty. It doesn't need to be 3d, or need all these fancy bells and whistles. Nowhere has that been suggested (at least in anything I've written), yet people nonetheless frame their answers in this artificial contrast. Once again: just make the UI intuitive. Make things behave as normal. Grant a few hooks into the GUI code so the community can create their own without having to reverse engineer your game. That is all! > If I understand correctly, you say that software as an art form must by default have a conventional and easily usable UI or means of interaction, ("practical considerations of the medium") before considering anything artistic such as the gameplay itself? Yes. Exactly! And in many cases (especially with games), people DO play around with the practical necessities and often stumble on something inspired. Like HomeStarRunner's "Virus" SBemail, or fourth-wall-breaking adventure games that comment on their own interface. But I think in DF's case it falls flat. Western music is written in a consistent scale for practical considerations: it was discovered that writing music in a mathematically consistent format made it easiest for musicians to play and reinterpret. Sure, people deviate, but the vast majority of those efforts are terrible. Cinema -- even avant garde -- is constrained to the limits of film, audience attention, and patterns in storytelling, and the viewer generally expects certain things. Literature is constrained by the practical considerations of books and the written word, and so written text is formatted consistently per reader expectations. How is software any different? Complete for a game, that is. All the pieces are there, the interactive feedback loop is in place, and one can currently get lost in it for hundreds of hours, should they so choose. That is a complete game to me. The rest of that list? Stretch goals. Or the entire vision. What, you think I've never seen that list? It's a big list, and it's stupid because it is so impossibly long. The entire vision is never 1.0... Several. But they never went anywhere, because they were never more than selfish indulgences. To say nothing of other art... I would think that the first rule of API design is to use it yourself whilst wearing the customers' shoes, and with that approach a large proportion of cases like that would become apparent. Or one could look at some of the longest-standing APIs (WindowS API is one) out there and observe how they evolve it to cope this requirements changes. There's still some chicken-and-egg situation in there but much of the ambiguity can be resolved with the right technique. The REAL problem is we have all these startup turds churning out ideas faster than they can think about them, and the HN crowd has built an entire ecosystem to facilitate that churn I am so sick of this mentality that seems to raise aesthetic distractions, "new features!!!111", and pointless, frequent version changes over code quality and reusability. It is a sign that this area of commercial software dev has been almost completely subsumed by marketeers and business hacks; while they may not control GTK (though I honestly don't know/care who does), it is clear that their influence (gotta have the latest new and shiny!) has crowded out other, more prosaic concerns (like stability and compatibility). A lot can be said about Microsoft's code, but I have always admired just how much effort they go through to preserve API compatibility. (Going so far as to version specific functions and including older versions so as to not break stuff -- TwiddleBit1(), TwiddleBit2(), and so on. But on another note it's a problem with we programmers as well. We're so distractable... you can see it everyday here on HN... "Show HN" is virtually a graveyard of half-baked, re-hashed ideas implemented in shiny new frameworks. Unicorns trying to take over the world write long-form blog-posts describing their tech (but leaving out enough details to let you try it yourself or duplicate it!) to keep us programmer-types distracted and submissive ('it's better they gawk at code than question our motives') with their pointless show-and-tells. Also... I am god damn sick and tired of dealing with updates! Stop updating your damn code so much!!!!!!!!! Or even better... get it right the first time! (It can be done!) Or... "Make software boring again!" How so? It affects load time, understandability, binary size, dependency payload... I personally hate the load times. Node apps always seem to need to think for a second or too. Sublime Text v VSCode is pretty bad. Sublime Text v Atom is even worse. When you're moving fast and in your flow, it gets to be really annoying. Minor quibble, but you forgot tape :) We used to have serverless architecture... it was called standalone desktop apps! No servers, no backend, no nothing, just you and the code. It was great! That's harsh. There are a handful of top-notch products with great features that I would really like to see stay around in their current form. (Yahoo Finance and Flickr come to mind.) Plus, while they are what they are now, you can't necessarily deny open-source contributions in the past. YUI is impressive in its scope, for one. It honestly wasn't so much of a bother. Updates were really the only pain point but then programs received updates periodically at best. (Talking dial-up era here) The cost of distribution motivated developers to release much higher-quality code, relatively-speaking, as not doing so cost you more (in terms of disks+shipping, additional bandwidth, etc) and well as earned a much greater amount of ire from your users. If you were smart you had a system for dealing with migrating between computers. Maybe it was a script, maybe you knew which folders to copy, maybe you were extra careful with where you saved everything. Maybe you didn't care. Some of the modern shit is nice (I fondly remember setting up a personal Active Directory+Exchange server to get a private LDAP sync, compared to Google now) but as a whole the current model encourages carelessness and mindless profiteering. There's too much of the equation nowadays in control of people who want to charge you for it, whereas before the user was had control. I miss the days when it was considered rude to require a network connection unnecessarily. Plus, nowadays a product you love can turn to mush and there's nothing you can do about it save stop paying for it (and lose its services in the process), which will never amount to anything unless people do it en mass. Features regularly disappear because some bullshit business reason or another, or some user metric said only 2% of people used it. Well, fuck those 2% guys right?!? Before, if I didn't like your patch I could just revert to the old install discs. Nowadays I have to pray you don't alter your deal further. edit: and don't get me wrong, as a developer the evergreen model is great. But as a power user, I hate it. edit2: not to say older software didn't have its crap. Lots of fussy stuff to deal with. But compare the initial release of Windows 3.1 to Windows 10... It's a format that doesn't lend itself very well to the current model of code-bootcamps-and-hello-world-tutorials. Now that I think about it, the zeitgeist here really does feel like those cheesy "Learn C++ in just 20 minutes a day!!!!!" books Snark is always called for, always appropriate! edit: you downvoters are lame. What a bunch of wimps The secret to diversity is not giving a shit about stupid criteria like race or gender, and shutting the hell up about it. Quiet acceptance of anyone who fits and does good work. People talk about diversity like it's some magical talisman. It isn't. Diversity is: not being turned off by someone who doesn't possess whatever stupid criteria you think make for a good human being. That's all. It is weird to read people write about microservices (or some other tech fad) as if it is this otherworldly thing that requires instruction and training. So many words dedicated to describing the supposedly bad old days! All this stuff is just another aspect in the life of a practitioner of computing. A proper expert should see these things not as a fad, but as a collection of techniques that can be added or subtracted to at will depending on the prevailing need. It's silly to declare any of these fads dead or alive, they're just simply techniques that ...people... have bundled together under a common label Doesn't the US dismiss most lawsuits filed against it out-of-hand? Wasn't that why that class-action on behalf of the Japanese concentration camp survivors was such a landmark case? Ah yes, the great circlejerk Unbelievable. Why give players the ability to override arbitrary functions like that? No, a better fix is to remove the ability to re-bind ALL functions, or at least system calls. How is function-hotswapping-bullshit permissible in an untrusted environment? Based on my own personal experiences... fuck London. People are rude and indifferent to you. The hostels are all retarded, overpriced pubs. British food is terrible. Everything is overpriced, even by NY/SF/European standards. Even the UK hates Londoners Outraged? C'mon now. Shocked with disbelief maybe? Because that is such an obvious attack vector that it is hard to believe Bnet allowed it. It's very hard to enforce language-level restrictions (like which functions may run when) when they can be circumvented with reflection. Besides, Bnet's WoW client code has been known to be janky, and their entire security setup seems to only care about protecting the business, and not users. Bnet is the only online gaming service where I have had multiple accounts hacked that I could not trace to any specific doxing/pw dump event... forcing me to conclude that their security infrastructure is absolute garbage Well, when your UK friends from other parts of the commonwealth tear into Londoners worse than you do, perhaps the problem is indeed with them? When you're passing through it is hard to get to know anyone. London is by far the worst treatment I have seen from anyone in the western world, rich or poor. Even city Dutch are nicer and more kind. So it seems. I used to run tons of WoW mods back-in-the-day. I get that. This particular language feature is not something that is solely responsible for WoW's moddable UI. While it might be nice in certain circumstances, you can build flexible UI without having to hook or reassign critical functions I find this kind of thing dehumanizing. Daily, repeated form-filling is hard for creatives. Never heard of Assembla but if you were my manager and you were repeatedly needling me to fill out some form, every day, when I'd rather just give you a few words over chat (or in person)... I would most definitely push back. Really, so its a tinier ad window with a big colored heart and the publisher's logo. How is this such an improvement? And can we please kill off all this fake "love" and "heart" crap? I'm very much in agreement with the other posts that you can get most-if-not-all of this information by keeping your ears to the ground (listen to your team's chatter) and paying attention to activity notifications. If you have to closely observe or repeatedly needle your team for information, something is wrong. Programmers are largely introverts doing high-focus activities; we need to be left alone. We (as in my team) don't strictly follow formal practice, though we have standups and I try to follow LEAN. Our git server sends email notifications with each push and I find these are wonderful for peering into what other people on my team are up to. Anyone remember that old Excel easter egg? Your cool little project reminds me of this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6nY0QkG9nQ Wouldn't 16 inches warp the surrounding pavement and street? I imagine there'd be a large dip. I think they are very much underutilized in games. A lot of developers seems to simply add achievements for reaching various milestones (how developer-like :P) -- but they could be used for so much more! What kinds of edge cases came up in testing that would be fun for the player? What kind of super secrets can you rally your playerbase to find/hunt down? What kind of silly little tasks can you come up with? If Telegram relies on SMS for its authentication system, wouldn't the SMS network be part of its infrastructure, if indirectly? It could dramatically leapfrog the competition by returning to its roots -- modularity, power, extensibility... something for the power users. Instead Moz executives seem set on forging all sorts of weird new business partnerships, and matching Chrome/Safari feature-for-feature. So FF becomes the sad little me-too browser, users everywhere wondering just how long their addons will continue to work... FF performance seems to vary greatly per platform. It's nearly on-par with Chrome on Windows and good video drivers, but on Linux with crap drivers, or on an OSX laptop, it's pretty slow. Somewhat tangential, but I think that many of the difficulties they are facing with Electrolysis and this whole multi-process movement is that, in older versions of FF, everything is so tightly integrated. IIRC, Firefox has(had?) a lot of old code written long before modern concerns were even fathomed; addons back-in-the-day had access to the entire process-- every tab, all the DOM, and everything shared the same namespace (shady calls from webpages were blocked somehow, not sure if it was true sandboxing or not), so AMO mods would block addons (or updates) that didn't adhere to their namespacing policy. I'd bet a lot of that integration is still there, and most of what we're seeing is the result of what is probably a very messy untangling. Potentially. Of course, you won't see it too often in the headlines.. Nothing to do with that. Authentication is an essential pillar of a security app, and the ability to effectively authenticate is an important component of opsec. If SMS is compromised (and it is not hard to imagine given how protective govt is about SMS exploits/sigint) then the authentication aspect of any app that relies on SMS is also potentially compromised. Weakest link and all that... Perhaps it's a favor to the world's database administrators, who won't be deluged with random, useless data. I'm snobbish about Wordpress too, but it also keeps obnoxious web marketing people out of my hair and busy with their site. Long as they don't go too overboard with plugins.... It comes from living in a bubble with other nerds who deal with machines all day. The machines don't care, they don't have emotions. It's why techies have always struggled with the "human" aspects But what really kills me are the leaps in logic a lot of SV dips like to breathlessly promote to their users, who often genuinely look up to their tech lords and will take their words without further thought. Just the other day Yelp posted this whole screed about facilitating free speech rights (as in, preserving the freedom to review businesses on yelp), getting everybody fired up and diverting attention away from their shady advertising and business practices. All of this advocacy, all this diversity, all these stupid little bleeding-heart SJW tactics... ALL of them are red herrings for deeper agendas, which are often very weird on account of a prevalence of the personality attributes you've described. I think it's arrogance. Programming has this weird allure where you think you understand the rest of the world. Dependency installation should be a bit frictional... One cut in a death by thousands perhaps? This propensity for complexity is really irksome. The "generation lost in the Bazaar" headline couldn't be better timed. Why do all these developers hate simplicity? As the other comments here have alluded, a) a typo can run unintended code on your box b) a bad/old/hacked project (correctly typed) can run unintended code on your box c) both of the above conditions are considerably more severe because they can be triggered with near-zero friction (unlike a gemfile, which are manually pulled-down and code is run from a separate command. Gemfile results are also generally small enough (1-2 pages) that one can visually spot typos if you are monitoring the output d) complex dependency systems can often turn into dependency hell e) (IMHO) instantly-available dependencies potentially reduce a given programmer's likelihood to attempt to solve their problems with the language itself (i.e. don't use Cassandra when a Dictionary will do) ... the nodejs community seems especially susceptible to this That's all I can think of right now... Complex problems sometimes require complex solutions. I get it. But this implementation, where all are suddenly thrust into the complex solution for something that the collective memory determines to be simple, is a net negative. I have the same complaint about what has happened to Xorg.conf, or grub2. Yay, they are more flexible and dynamic. But they also run contrary to Unix philosophy of simplicity This! Just want to note that only Dropbox seems to be able to handle multiple (as in, a dozen) git repos...... the linux client runs a little hot on the memory while it scans the full list, but it actually syncs in a reasonable amount of time without crashing. Which is more than I can say about OneDrive and Google Drive... So, thanks for that :) This looks interesting but I got turned off by the site design -- there are too many self-help "gurus" out there who make promo materials that look just like this. Quotes on a book that isn't out yet, while plausible, is really kind of weird. I read an interview with an indie studio talking about streamers, and in the end they appreciated their presence but resented when the streamers revealed too much of the entire game or did not add enough of their own content. (I think it was the Stanley Parable?) Awesome, it works great for you Literally ANY host that gives you an FTP drop works for static sites. Bluehost Dreamhost Namecheap Godaddy Mom and Pop's Web Hosting Shop etc etc Not sure why such a topic needs more than about 1 paragraph's worth of commentary. Why does this guy needs support for all these fancy features? It's a static site! Do people simply not pay attention to history? Leave it to the "hackers" to complicate something as simple as static hosting. Those are ages-old issues that have had solutions before the creation of all this fancy tooling. You can invalidate cache with fake (ignored) URL parameters ( http://foo.html?hello ) or HEAD section declarations. CDNs are no different, your links simply point elsewhere. Presumably some finishing script could capture your CDN'd data and copy everything to the appropriate place. How does continuous delivery integration even have anything to do with transferring files to a hosting drop? How is it that an FTP drop is insufficient for integration testing? A static site host is simply a webserver returning the HTML file you requested, nothing more and nothing less. Everything relevant that the server returns is under the control of the developer who made the page. The things you describe are value-adds; or, as I like to call them: crutches. I'll agree, cache crap was and still is a pain in the ass to deal with. On the dev cost and maintenance bit -- again, we're talking static sites. If it needs a database it's not static. If cache invalidation is such a big deal, presumably because you need it a ton for something, then I would ask if whatever you are working on is really static? Or is someone just shoehorning dynamic behavior into prerendered HTML? Is the site just incredibly high-traffic? My bigger beef is with this proliferation of unnecessary tooling, how little it actually does, and the amount of learning and knowledge required not just for the process the tool manages, but also for the tool itself and well as its problems. You have to practically be a neckbeard with a BS in big-company bullshit software engineering tools to make the right tooling choices -- not so different from the programming neckbeard (except she's closer to the metal--and the process). As an example, code that I inherited was configured to deploy with Capistrano... which was great, when it worked, but it would fail and all it was really doing was copying files to a new folder, symlinking the "current" folder to this new one, and restarting Apache (by the way-- here's a solution for your atomic copies). Sure, Capistrano abstracted deployment details away, but really, how many were there to begin with? Changing a couple development techniques and reducing deployment to a carefully-written 8-line shell script has eliminated nearly every problem we had related to deployment, reduced the architectural complexity of a part of our operations that we really do not want to care about, and given us something that can be taught to (and reasoned about by) new users in a matter of minutes -- all because we teach and stick close to the actual process of what we're doing. (It is WAAAAY easier to open up the script and say, "so this is where we copy the files over, this is where it decides which files are in the CDN, here's where it looks up that criteria..." than it is to try and guide new technical users through the thicket that is CI documentation) "Serverless".... hah! The more attention you draw on diversity, the less diversity you receive. Diversity is supposed to be impartial and tolerant, yet it seems the prescribed approach is to carve out separate "spaces" for different feelings and situations. How is this building bridges in the so-called "gender divide"? True diversity is complete and utter impartiality. Why are we focusing on all these useless, pretty, inspirational solutions (interviews, diversity name-and-shame, putting females in a zoo) when we really need to be attacking the mental characteristics that lead to sexist thought? It's interesting she mentions voice so much. We men need to check our emotional responses to stupid inputs like "sound of voice" or "shape of body" or whatever. These things DO NOT MATTER. All that matters is ability. Nothing else! > As in: I have never seen a successful female XYZ => I am looking for the patterns i saw in the successful (male) ones => I judge the candidate based on the patterns i saw => I created another skewed reality/example for the next person to build their value system "I have never seen a successful female XYZ" I think that getting women involved in STEM does exactly this: > attacking the mental characteristics that lead to sexist thought I agree, but only as long as the end result is the best candidate for the job being hired. Granting special consideration to a group is just as bad as shutting them out. A casual, "Hey I'm going to lunch, care to join?" works well with my colleagues. Usually they decline, to which one can reply, "Ok, have fun. See you in an hour" It makes me wonder if all this nonsense is a conspiracy to continue discriminatory practices ("preserving the boys club") rather than correct them. Lots of people trying way too hard makes me suspicious. Visual GUI editor (though that was a bigger deal in the past) First-in-class C# support Refactors Object browser Hit "F1" to get help on that function Search everywhere Templates / Code library MSDN is very thorough (if wordy), lots of examples and documentation * * * I use VSCode at work a bit; it's faster than Atom but not as fast as sublime. It's a decent code editor, I guess if I was full-on JS I'd love it but it's still kinda eh Lots of good progress though; I definitely have my eye on this one But of course, all anyone here is going to do is talk about it, before resuming work on useless "innovation" X Now, I'm treated to piece of "help thousands with your photo!" bullshit every time I take a picture. Fuck you google Maybe not directly. But I am quite sure the worlds' mafias have access to LexisNexis, or Facebook... In fact isn't the first thing ISIS does with kidnappees is pull up their LinkedIn account, so they can see who they just kidnapped and who they can ransom? This data should never be collected. At all. Screw advertisers. Digital negative storage for photography Texture data for some videogames Portable format for layered composites (a la Photoshop) Another photography app? le sigh Most people only care about that smile :/ What about a negative opinions? OSTRACIZED! Didn't like someone's show HN? OSTRACIZED! Didn't make your post happy enough? OSTRACIZED! Cuss a bit? OSTRACIZED! Offend the army of apple/react/nodejs/cloud/social fanatics? OSTRACIZED! Not that it matters, ostracization means losing a few HN epeen points, so meh :) (In the interest of keeping topicality, one could argue the above are examples of chilling effects in a community) Snowden's revelations did a lot of damage to trust in American servers and internet services internationally. (Bezos/Amazon probably stands to lose much in this way.) Many other parts of the world actually care for their privacy; Germany for example is still wary of excess data collection because of the Stasi and the problems they created. News of PRISM et al is probably one of a few root causes behind underpinning this newfound federation of internet authority No! Even more surprising... it's posted at TechCrunch I stopped downloading apps because, first and foremost, they enabled every stupid little company to access my notifications bar. Now every stupid little marketing droid is sending me stupid chipper messages about whatever stupid thing they think I should care about. Yes I can turn them off. No I should not have to. These people should respect other peoples' space. And it's gotten worse! If polluting the notifications bar isn't pathetic enough, Facebook now begs you to "help thousands of users" with a review in-app. Windows 10 lockscreen is begging me to try Cortana. EVEN MY F@%# ! camera app does this now!! STOP TELLING ME WHAT TO DO ASSHOLES! Well it isn't on Android. Still, users should not have to perform this. There is no consent. Which should default to "the user wishes to be left alone except for the things they explicitly cares about" At least the web browser disables site-generated notifications by default, and it asks me before turning them on. I had gotten so used to reading puff pieces on TC that I had written them off in the same light as Wired and Ars Technica And how long will they let you have that control? As soon as the winds change, just you wait. They'll have some bullshit excuse about engagement or control, but it will be gone just the same. This is cool. Now if only it somehow magically allowed a unique index over the whole setup, it'd make my day! Some of us want to see what it is doing! The problem is the unique IDs are GUIDs generated independently (and offline) by the client and then passed to the database; we need to make sure that no event is processed twice. Currently there's one big log table and a uniqueness constraint on the GUID field. I'd love to partition the table out but until I can identify a clean route to satisfying that requirement I'm keeping one large log. Though, now that I think about it, maybe partitioning on the first character of the GUID string is feasible, as we can ensure uniqueness per-table then Probably around the same time people realized it felt good A large portion of my rep comes from questions I wrote that were (considerably later) marked "closed", for various reasons. All of them continue to accumulate thousands of views and the occasional point or two... that's never made much sense. Kind of a statement on how nonsensical StackOverflow's become. It feels almost like the variables in their little machine are out of tune. If they scaled back the free privileges and hire some trained moderators they could probably clean things up a bunch. What about the QT UI they mention on the site? Is it that bad? I love pgAdmin 3 but its almost-native UI is occasionally the result of program-breaking frustrations I find using GUI tools makes it much easier to discuss results with non-database or non-technical types (like everyone huddled around a monitor), as a spreadsheet-like table view is much easier to grok then the tab/comma-delimited output of CLI tools Is it not a problem to people that this many people would be required just for billing ? I don't want to grossly oversimplify but at some point people need to start getting judgemental and saying, "no, we have created something too complex. We have to simplify." While I prefer vim for text-mode editing, it is so frustrating that it just has to use its own damn keyboard shortcuts and that the ones burned into muscle memory from 20+ years of using pretty much every text editor under the Windows/DOS sun don't work without significant hacking. You'd be surprised at how many pragmatic decisions get spun as "sexy" for the world of business halfwits Your attitude includes an implicit "trust the smart people." But the smart people are proving again and again that they are not worthy of our trust. They find bigger and better and stealthier ways to learn about us so they can influence and move against us in the future. Why should we trust anyone who sees us as a product? Yes, snicker at the failing server of the self-hosting guy, ye who are made rich by SaaS. I applaud him for denying money to an industry that doesn't deserve it It's software as a service, is it not? And administrative incompetence? Dude had his server temporarily overrun with traffic. C'mon. This is how computer nerds have been doing it since the 80s. Facebook wants to take over your social life. Yelp wants to take over your decision-making over where to eat. Google wants to take over everything that generates marketing data. These stupid fitness trackers want to take over your workout routine. Hell there was even a connected vibrator that transmitted data to the mothership about users' masturbatory habits! They're collecting this data now to use it against us later. It is influence to them. Think about Yelp, or Netflix's recommendation engine -- both are very subtle influence devices that can funnel your unspent dollars into the hands of whomever they want, provided they show you the right combination of words and pictures to make you agree with them. Features like recommendation engines slowly build trust with societies of users, acclimating them to into accepting the recommenders' recommendations with less critical thought than before. Then, once you've surrendered your free will, the recommendations become bigger. The service makes a grab for more of your life data. Soon, many will have deferred a good chunk of their life's decisions to recommenders (because real thinking is hard!) and, broadly speaking, individual taste will congeal even more into a single, bland, profit-driven thing. (I do believe we are already partway through this transition already, and the worst is yet to come) Facebook et al are like drug dealers. First hit's free... and after that you're addicted Sure, if you're a Hacker News(tm) web developer. But computin' is such a big field... Or to put it a bit more shortly, extreme data collection is a trojan horse, for a brave new world where individual taste, free will, and unpredictability are nearly completely quantified. Well, technically Linode. Not DO, but close enough :P That is pretty funny though. My sentiments remain. I want a world of self-reliant experts, not halfwitted idea-people who see technology as a means to an end. That may not be this world, but one can dream. PS: He admits as such in the blog that it is hosted on a VPS. And no one person is going to be able to step to another on every possible criteria. (Frankly, I read your high-school 2005 PHP staticize story with probably the same eye-rolling you gave that dude, cause i was building static HTML in elementary school in the 90s and was doing dynamic flash sites before AJAX became a think in the mid-aughts... and the dude sitting one cubicle over would roll HIS eyes at me because he used to program simulators and missile code for the military in the 70s and 80s. Holier-than-thou can backfire) Volokh Conspiracy has been writing long before the Washington Post picked them up Hoping this is the vanguard for a new rebellion against toxic SV-style startup culture, and the nitwits that propagate it Have you seen the comment sections at most newspapers? Even with Facebook names people instantly turn nasty. Sure the article has its problems but newspaper comment rolls are overwhelmingly awful. The UK uses their own screwy imperial units for some measures If they would teach kids to play with math (or any form of knowledge, for that matter), and not just run through 10,000 rote problems, maybe we'd rank better. Especially word problems -- most of them felt like they were written for students wearing intellectual blinders... if you had any modicum of relevant knowledge outside of the lesson oftentimes word problems were impossible to solve But the whole point of play is to run through all those rote learning steps while simultaneously learning about the system and environment they live in. Sure you can cram, and then you'll test well on standardized entrance exams, but then how many of these people are able to effectively apply that knowledge to real-world problems? If you play, or tinker, or experiment, as part of your learning, then you already have this experience. It's not about "fun", it's about experimentation. Free-form intellectual play. And people weigh themselves in stone, "a unit of measure equal to 14 pounds (lb) avoirdupois, or 6.3503 kilograms (kg)." Hoping for your vision of the future, though hopefully through less SV-tinted glasses Replace "for humans" with "for stupid humans" and you get to the truth How selfish is it that everything has to be "for humans" anyway? Why can't it just be? Let's not further complicate already-complicated abstractions. For work I've a 2013 MBP running Yosemite and you'll have to pry it from my cold, dead fingers! (Would be really nice if those update nags would fuck off, though) This times a thousand. I love programming but I want it to be boring. Boring means no stress, attainable deadlines, repeat ability, the ability to walk away, and the ability to tell these 10-hours-a-day hacks to fuck off. Boring means 5-nines reliability without a devops team because the design was simple, elegant, and most importantly worked. Boring means you're able to get it right the first time. Boring means being able to have a life, with other passions or hobbies completely unrelated to programming or code or geeks, which frankly everybody needs because we nerds are an unbearable bunch. I want to slap all these Show-HN innovation fetishists that reinvent the same thing over and over again. They make life worse for everyone. Did YOU read the article? Dude extolls the virtues of a stable programming environment and I am simply providing examples from my own experiences boring-ifying previously exciting code. And you're right, noone forces anyone to use anything on Show HN. But do you not see anything wrong with a lot of these projects, where a fancy CSS-and-nodeJS-atrocity slides and glimmers around the fact that it's hiding alpha-quality code? (Rehashing production-level ideas no less) Sure we on HN know it's just show-and-tell, but what about others? Just yesterday there was a Show HN that was all web site and no product -- in fact I think it used more screen space to document what their project lacked as opposed to what it had. If what was posted a zip with a readme.txt that'd be one thing, but instead we have ideas masquerading as products. Just as bad are all these security wonks that need to give their vulnerabilities nice, marketable nicknames. It was effective the first time, but now it's just obnoxious -- file a CVE and let the community decide! I'm able to roll with business deadlines as needed. Programming can actually be a very quick, predictable endeavor once necessary infrastructure and management expectations are in place. As with all jobs, one needs to manage their manager (and management) to make sure expectations are in line with requirements and availability. Built-up influence, gained from prior successes, helps a lot. Also: be in an industry where you're the last man standing and barriers to entry are high. Really helps dealing with competition-influenced deadlines :) How? I've seen this chart and it has very little to do with what is described above. My point isn't that people should reject challenges, or to push back unnecessarily when confronted with pressure, or resist deadlines. The point is that you optimize your environment, methodology, tool usage, workflow, designs for simplicity, and that when you've done so it grants a level of control and predictability over one's work that it would appear you guys think is unattainable. The above mindset embraces challenges by controlling for their parameters, and when confronted with a challenge too large you break it up until the pieces are something that one can assert control over. If that's still too much then you start shaving off requirements, and if that's still too much then yes, you might have to dive in and power through it. But that's where the boring mentality saves you: "diving in" and "powering through it" become more like a light swim than a sprint or marathon. Plus, when the code is simple and predictable its very easy to make estimates and then you can give yourself a larger deadline than you need. Obstacles are confronted and plowed through -- but again this is not as difficult because the system is simple enough that most of it can be held in one person's head. When that fails, though, a little bit of creativity can get one out of a bind. Effort... well you got me there. Less work is always better. Smart work, not hard work. If you are working hard, step back and think for a minute, because you are doing it wrong and you should probably optimize. There are very few scenarios for which this rule doesn't apply. I don't see how my assertions have anything to do with feedback and criticism, other than to say that there is not as much in the bugs department because the boring system generally works. How one handles feedback has little to do with the other components. It should also be noted that my mentality DOES involve a lot of questioning management, but that is because management desperately needs questioning. When a cabal of socializers and non-technical soft-power types try to run a technology-centered business, they require a lot of course correction so that development can continue unhindered and not get distracted with silly little initiatives (or whatever the third-party enterprise sales hacks walked through the door with this week) Fine, but if this guy's proposals fuck up my RAW workflow then he and all his ideas can burn in hell. I want quality, not speed, and I could care less whether the image lives on an SD card or in the cloud. Nevermind the fact that a lot of photography happens away from the cloud, out in the wilderness, and if we march forward into this brave new world of thin devices and cloud integration then these photographers will get left in the dust... thereby preserving the older (and superior IMO) workflow. Creative professionals are not very interested in keeping up with the curve. In art, mastery over media is a lifetime endeavor and it somewhat assumes that the medium will not change very much. Disruptions affect one's ability to produce quality output for a good long time, because they have to relearn the medium. Pretty much the only people who are OK with that on a regular basis are tech nerds (and not artists) That's one class of professional. Photography is a very large field -- kids with smartphones aren't supplanting model shoots, or fine artists, or wedding photographers, or even the party/event people. It's frustrating to watch naive technologists make broad pronouncements about narrow observations, particularly when they want to disrupt a "precious" process (contemptuous much?) that isn't necessarily broken for many. Don't fix what ain't broke, no? The 'kids with smartphones' thing is so much deeper than simply the ability to publish quickly. One of my siblings does photography for a locally-based national newspaper and the biggest reason for iPhone journalism is cost (aside from integration). To that end press photographers are being issues iPhones and told to capture most of their work that way. Photography is adapting to the future just fine, just not in the way some money-hungry entrepreneur would like As long as it's not the Material school of design or any of these other sparse, happy atrocities that have graced the web and mobile over the last few years I find it strange that people regard APIs as their own thing. I have never "searched the web" for "email APIs", in fact that whole sentence just sounds amateurish. Similarly what is all this tooling he refers to? WTF is an "API console"? Is that not curl? One time, while interviewing a candidate, I picked a random buzzword on his resume (which happened to be API) and asked him to talk about it for a bit. He immediately launched into a mini-rant about all these crazy details with APIs that seemed to be foregone conclusions. Do people actually agonize over whether the API speaks XML or JSON? Or fret over the lack of a console? Are we talking about the same thing? You have an endpoint, you send it a request, you get back some data. WOW SO HARD! But it's all just data, is it not? I was of the opinion that any halfway-decent practitioner of computing has at least half-a-dozen different ways of getting at data or prying open its contents. Nearly every major programming environment -- particularly the ones in play with the HN crowd -- has more-than-adequate facilities for handing data in JSON, XML, and other formats. The interface to the API is usually a matter of sending the right command string over the wire, maybe you have to figure out some authentication ahead of time but most-to-all of this stuff is supposed to be write-once-run-forever. Are there additional steps in the workflow or something? Part of the reason it is weird to see people talking about "APIs" now is because API is such a core, fundamental concept in programming that to use the term in its present context (as in, a web API which you issue commands via HTTP) does a disservice to all the other APIs out there. When people on HN talk about API considerations they seem to omit the 95% of other use cases there are for APIs outside of the realm of startups and webapps . For example, bash could be considered an API to the Linux System Base, and bash commands use Linux's syscall API to achieve the user's ends. Syscalls are issued commands over an ABI usually handled by libc, and return data in the format prescribed by the function signature. My TV presents an API that is accessible over USB. Granted, I am pretty sure that port is only for use by service techs, but if I wanted to I could probably hook up some electronics and figure out the programming interface. Commands are issued through the USB bus and data will (hopefully) come back in some format. My MIDI keyboard offers an API through buttons, a little LCD panel, and MIDI-over-USB. I issue it commands through button presses on its control panel, or through MIDI or OSC protocols, and it also returns data (either a human-readable response on a LCD screen or more data over the USB wire). In both those cases I'll have to decode that data to figure out whether my command was accepted and/or what to do next. Finally, a popular web-based CRM solution offers an event-lifecycle and data-tracking API that I have to interface with at work. I issue it commands over HTTPS and it responds in XML-over-HTTP, which like JSON, is fairly easy to parse in any number of different ways, and in any case its responses are only ever in XML so once that was written it was done with. This is why this "API" dialogue is so strange. It is reductive and if overarching solutions are going to be prescribed than they need to take into account the wider and entire world that concept lives in. I don't see how many of the prescriptions offered help the use cases outside the HN crowd -- in fact I would argue that the author needs to go back and comb existing literature outside of web programming, because the engineering and computer science worlds have been dealing with exactly these problems for decades. The "APIs" talked about here refer to a very specific type of product for a very specific audience; there is a bigger world out there and people seem to forget that. > What do you do if you know that you need an API for a thing, but you don't know who offers that, or who a good one is? Nothing wrong with searching for "email APIs", "payments API", "maps API", etc. - I don't know why you think that's "amateurish". Search for "[product name] API doc/faq/whatever" or search for code examples of people interfacing with it? It's amateurish because it reflects a clumsy and incomplete understanding of the concept of "API" Maybe, but that's a problem with the design of the program, and the contents of that response. An API is only the button board, not its layout or the colors of each button. That's up to the program designer. I've had to do this too, but the difficulties you describe are par for course with any API, web or not. People have been dealing with this shit for ages, I really don't think the HN crowd has very much to add. That's why you can't have administrators leading an innovation company. Administrators and beauracrats lack creative vision, and that's what sustained Apple all those years. The sad thing is that creative vision is one of those things that all of us start out with, but then it gets beat out of us through the course of childhood and mandatory education. You could also argue that it makes the ecosystem smaller and easier-to-manage. It can make it so small that the ecosystem fails to be an ecosystem at all. So he's a supply-chain dynamo. Vastly different skill set than that of a strong-willed and opinionated designer. You are right though, he is delegating the 'vision' parts of his assignment to his inferiors and Apple suffers for it. I don't know if you have ever hang around supply-chain people, but with the ones I know, I would not want them designing stuff. You make it sound as if he single-handedly sold over a billion phones. What else helped sell over a billion iPhones? Saccharine, simplified, cheery, brain-dead UI; an army of Apple loyalists, explainers, and apologists (still mourning the loss of their Beloved Leader); several metric fuck-tons of marketing and advertising spend, a panoply of factors that result in a once-per-year or once-per-every-other-year purchase cycle, and a phalanx of impeccably-decorated retail locations, among other things. Sure, Mr. Cook plays his role, and Apple's SCM is best-in-the-world, but I think there are more Tim Cooks out there than Steve Jobs. I wish more people felt uncomfortable with such a close marriage between commerce and lower education. Get em while they're kids and you have a customer for life... There's not much to emulate but it's still there, I've spotted plenty of stuff labeled Windows-on-Windows or WOW64 digging around Win7 installs. While it may not be doing CPU emulation (IIRC they just use the 64-bit registers like 32 and remap calls) but it is emulating nonetheless. It's more about breeding early comfort and familiarity with Microsoft software. It's the same tactic Apple and MS use in schools I think that kind of nitpicking is exactly the thing he is trying to avoid. It may not look like it from the inside but the HN crowd is a very distinct, and very opinionated, bubble in the wider world of CompSci and Engineering. It looks like a lot of this crowd seems to enthusiastically cheer things that are not worthy of cheering (like overly-complicated solutions to problems, innovations that are really just repackaged ideas from 20/30/40 years ago, blind faith in the cloud, etc). Now the HN crowd has its reasons -- things are the way they are because of team constrains and ever-present Business Decisions -- but I think a lot of the crowd has become very disconnected from the wider world of computers and engineering in their quest to churn out cloud businesses ad nauseam. There are entirely different communities rocking entirely different paradigms, and frankly they don't usually inflate the pace of change for innovations' sake. doing that whole routine once is probably good enough. Who cares if they grab your porn account? The only thing there will be... porn. Mask your identity and all they have is some rando's porn spam How much does data at rest really cost Amazon? And how much of that cost is simply opportunity costs? Most companies will hold onto your data for a time, then delete it afterwards. This doesn't smell like technical concerns to me. It smells like sneaky Amazon-wants-to-make-more-money concerns. On another note it makes me sad that people are so willing to justify "costs" without showing or explaining exactly what they are. Everyone needs a costs audit, yesterday. Also how our are analogies alike? Milk is a consumable, data is information. Completely different usage pattern. Finally, every internet service provider I've ever used that held data for some reason granted me a grace period, even if it was never officially stated. Sometimes you just have to ask nicely > It's morally wrong and I just don't understand how people can defend this in the comments over at Linkedin. Why the fuck is the free market being used as a blanket argument against morals and ethics? I bet it's because a lot of people over there would do the same given the chance It's way too easy to sign up for 10 different services and receive 10 different "personalized" e-mails, when you just wanted to be left alone and check things out. Most of the time if money is going to change hands I want a simple transaction, without additional humans sticking their grubby hands in and complicating things. High-touch sales does that. What's startup time like? Is it instant? For the longest time my yahoo account (which I had not checked on in many years) reported at least a dozen open sessions originating from IPs in Russia and Eastern Europe, and unlike my legit sessions I was unable to kill them in the control panel (the site would bug out) So yeah, Yahoo's been hacked. Duh... Finance and Flickr are about all Yahoo is good for any more, and I think my portfolio page loads (instead of 404'ing) maybe 1/2 the time I request it... (God I really hope they dont mess with flickr though...) They seem to be parallel services, like Lync and Skype. I still cannot figure out where our documents are stored... is it on the windows share? OneDrive? SharePoint? My personal Dropbox?? Outlook for Android is the biggest piece of shit to hit mobile and O365 on the web takes a huge smelly dump on linux users. I am still angry at my employer for foisting this garbage upon us, just so the nontechnical exec team can have their precious Outlook Oh look, Amazon chases another venture like a dog that smells food. So stupid how everyone's always trying to take over the world... Uh, the Mac client still says Lync, and it looks way different than Skype. "Don't blame Microsoft for slack IT policies" What? Like hell I'm not blaming them. It's not my fault they offer a bunch of shitty, complicated, barely-working, overlapping, should-be-simple services that nontechnicals can barely wrap their mind around. It's not my fault my employer hired me to work on Linux code and then has a sudden Windows come-to-Jesus moment. (I'm sure theres some stupid sales rep to thank for that...) It's not my fault that Microsoft can't write decent AJAX! If they would simply follow standards we wouldn't have this problem. But then of course Micro$oft wouldn't make as much ca$h, and we certainly cant have that now can we.... I just uninstalled Outlook for Android and my phone went from unusably-laggy to performing just like new. I had a full charge this morning and it is early afternoon and my battery was at 30%. Android's battery usage analyzer blamed 60% of that on Outlook. Opening Outlook and trying to use it meant 30+ seconds waits while I do simple things like "view the first page of my inbox" or "enter an email address into the To:" field. You're saying that all the other options are worse?? (As for OWA, I regularly encounter full-page reloads for simple actions, am frequently logged out after my first click on anything, and it is almost obnoxiously slow for the speed of internet that we have. And this is Office365... previous versions of OWA were pretty good though) We're rather fond of Windows 7, because it pretty much just works. (And nobody wants to deal with upgrading) A few of the handful of Win10 laptops have been headaches. "Lagging" is an interesting choice of words... The entire concept of "thought leadership" as something that one can strive for is bunk. You're a thought leader because you are really. fucking. good. at something and you're sharing it with the world. (As in, your ideas spread so you don't need advocates to spread them for you...) People who are not at that status and want to "thought leadership" need to step back and review their goals... The world needs no more lipsticked pigs. Thought leadership on anything but its own merits, where people come to you, is invalid. Fair enough; as long as everyone is included in the set of potential thought leaders then the process can be properly meritocratic. His analogies don't make any sense. Tesla's 'autopilot' is much more narrow in scope than self-driving taxis. Well, it's not like you can expect Win7 to just doesn't magically support new file formats? Video is complicated and finicky, you'd be doing bullshit tasks like that for one reason or another Tarpit or no, WSDLs are pretty complete interface documentation. It's still weird to me that people see APIs as a "thing", worthy of attention from business types and other nontechnical money-men, And how is it that a "good API" requires client modules for all these different languages? Do people not know how to make HTTP requests anymore or something? (On the client note: "But it makes integration easier" or "I'm lazy, screw your docs, gimme [gems|pips|npms]" is the usual response I hear, though, given that each of these calls represents an external dependency requirement, maybe its good that they aren't as easy to use as the rest of your language?) The whole point of WSDL I thought was to look at statically-typed code and be able to dynamically generate the XML schema (and the XML) without human intervention -- that you can look at the code, know the types it uses and how it uses them, and then generate the WSDL based on that information? Til you realized those hand-delivered delights aren't particularly well made, and then grumble to yourself about how you coulda made them way better and faster in less time than them, maybe even less time than it would take to eat the food on your plate :P People don't seem to understand the entire spectrum of consequences that comes with so tightly integrating some cloud service on the other side of the web. That distance is an important detail that these client-gem implementations like to gloss over... because the same developer that reaches for said library may very likely be the same guy to use that gem in some tight inner loop, and then wonder why his app is so slow because get_base_id() has to roundtrip that distance multiple times to answer his question... Well, when correctly implemented, working with WSDLs can be almost pleasant If you're going to build your house (or business) out of clouds, don't be surprised to find that the floors, walls, and everything else are vapor Are any of these platforms 100% offline/self-contained? Can they speak any of the regular industrial/home automation protocols? Cause that would be awesome. Yes, but in all those examples the camera/microphone defaults to "off", not "on". That is the most important distinction. Sure my laptop has a camera but if I keep good security practices I can feel reasonably assured that it is not monitoring me unless I've switched it on for some reason. The Alexas and Google Homes of the world default to "on", and everything you do/say is monitored because "cloud processing". I will always have a problem with anything that tries to use my actions to build a more predictable model of who I am or what I am/will be doing Proof that HN is out-of-touch... > anybody with a car and a laptop can create a viable Uber competitor It's a bit more complicated than that... Oh, you forgot: 4. Dump all your drivers once your self-piloting cars come fully online Drivers are just the stepping stone... With finances like this, Uber will either collapse in a gigantic, money-fueled fireball, or decimate transport. How long can everyone hold out? My comment was directed specifically at this: Is ride-sharing that big of a cost for your day to day? For a lot of people, it is. The only people I have ever heard say this kind of thing, at least from my experience, are middle-class and well-off, or better. This cohort is the exception, because the norm (especially among millenials) is check-to-check living. $25 is several days' worth of food, two weeks' coffee budget, the price of a full tank of gas for a small car, or numerous other things to many, and $25 can be the difference between your card going through or being declined. > 3. I dislike activism without clear objectives. I see no list of guidelines here or good behavior that companies could adopt to immediately place them on the side of the good guys. Seems very clear to me: destroy advertising/advertisers. Where do I sign up? Some keywords are so competitive that they have PPC rates that are close to $100 PER CLICK For example, anything related to pyramid schemes like Xango, Avon, etc. Keyword space is SUPER competitive for "indenependent distributors" and so their PPC rates are through the roof You know who else will stick around? All the guys with cheap hosting accounts making web pages like the 1990's. Ironically they seem to be the only ones with content worth reading... Man I'm not even old and history is already repeating itself. Whatever. Down with the cloud! Here's another stack on a budget: roll your own! Modern web programming reminds me a lot of WWI Europe, just before Franz Ferdinand's assassination Same old arguments. If you know what you're doing it doesn't take so long, a lot of this tech stuff is made to be more complex than it really is. Our field has been overrun with people who seem to love to overcomplexify this stuff so as to justify their position and budgets. What a jobs program the cloud is! We use some nonessential cloud services to fill in a few gaps where I am at, mainly an email gateway and VPS. So in actuality I agree with some of the other comment. But what I've found, in minimizing our dependencies on the cloud, is that for a small increase in implementation time (which isnt so bad because, again, people actually know what they're doing after some training) we have almost zero problems that we can't immediately go back and fix ourselves. And my shit gets done on time, and under budget. edit: Also, resiliency is a legitimate business concern/objective. Sucks that you can't blame any problems on cloud providers tho :) You had me until, "it's a really good signal when they pull out their phone and add it to a to-do list." Because it's just one of many possible courses of action for staying organized. For all you know the guy added it to his to-do list on his way to the car, or maybe he employs some other mechanic. While you could argue that an interview is a showboating environment where one is expected to signal certain desireable traits, I personally resent that these attributes seem to manifest in recruiters as specific actions that reinforce their perceptions of a good candidate -- if someone is unconventional then how is looking for specific signals going to tell you anything useful about them? It's a little odd to read a "programming is just so gosh darn hard" sales pitch from Fog Creek. Actually.... While GPU is a MAJOR arbiter, CPU can bottleneck you too and it can hit you in the FPS. Years ago my gaming PC had inexplicably low FPS for the GPU it was using, and GPU utilization wasn't anywhere near 100% but CPU was... pop in a new chip+mobo and gaming was waaaay more enjoyable. There are subtle differences in how bottlenecked GPU vs CPU acts in most games, but they're there. >Good point. I think it's easy to forget how much work engineers can make for ourselves (Uber has >700 microservices)... This! So much of modern development looks like a jobs program. Then one steps back and looks at SV development in general, and realizes that 95% of their engineering staff is redundant. Worse, are these asshole companies crowding out the H-1B system with all these extra positions? Why not? Out in the real world most users don't have the ability to peer into their code and recompile. Computing has a rich history of throwing hardware at problems when you can't fix em in software I had similar experiences with ATB, Guild Wars 2, and Skyrim. Lots of games are heavy on the CPU BitchX forever!! :P (seriously though, not really, I could never figure out how to actually use that client) Why? Perl's not that bad. And you really want something that has to support all those language stacks? Ew. You could, you know... learn some perl? Devs these days, so spoiled "A publication with purpose" Yeah, to make Asana money. Textbook 'outreach' Craigslist