The "reverse engineering" clause of the DMCA protects reverse engineering, rather than forbidding it. Take a look at 17 USC §1201(f) ( http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/1201#f ). The DMCA only applies in the first place if a "technological measure" "in the ordinary course of its operation" "effectively controls access to a work", which needn't always be the case for reverse engineering. The idea that the DMCA expressly forbids reverse engineering is a misconception. Microsoft eventually changed its position on Kinect and never filed a lawsuit over the reverse engineering. So, we don't have a court decision suggesting that there was anything legally improper in any way about the Kinect reverse engineering. Hackers should be upset about §1201 and speak out against it, but not be gratuitously scared off from doing things! It's funny to see this on the same day as Olia Lialina's article "Turing Complete User" http://contemporary-home-computing.org/turing-complete-user/ which argues that speaking of "users" is a mark of respect for their intelligence and autonomy, and that the computer industry is going astray by failing to speak of them. The original article also conflates vegan and raw diets. I am a vegan who enjoys cooking and often eats highly processed foods; in my present environment (San Francisco), I'm faced with the health challenge of getting far too many calories every day, not too few. In fact, creative food entrepreneurs keep making this challenge worse and worse for me! I would readily accept that almost everything about my life is drastically different from the environment in which my ancestors evolved. Those differences seem to have both positive and negative ethical and health consequences. I work with the people developing the SSL Observatory. So far, the Observatory has never been used to discover intentional malfeasance on the part of a certificate authority (though it's found certs that shouldn't have been issued). The Observatory exists, though, because of many data points showing pressures on and uncertainty about the certificate authority industry: successful compromises of CAs, rumors of governments coercing CAs to misissue, some trusted CAs unclear on the concept of what they were supposed to be doing, and other risks. Google's pinning responds to the same set of concerns. One nice change from just a few years ago is that the system is starting to get a lot of scrutiny. The first sale doctrine is statutory as well as judicial. See 17 USC §109 ( http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/109 ). §109 was part of the 1976 Copyright Act, so first sale has been codified in statute for 36 years. I don't think the Copyright Act suggests that every purchase of a medium containing a copy of a copyrighted work should be treated as a license rather than a sale. Instead, it says (§106) that the copyright holder "has the exclusive rights to do and to authorize" six particular acts in relation to the work, independently of having sold a particular copy (but not, apparently, other acts). (I work for EFF.) This article is a quick end-of-year summary of two issues that have been active during the year. The description of what Kirtsaeng was doing was likely omitted for brevity, not as a cover-up. (The person who asked my coworkers to write these end-of-year posts specifically asked for short, broad summaries instead of detailed analysis.) If you follow the link given in the article ( https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/10/parade-horribles-supre... ), you'll see another article from October by my colleague Parker, where he writes: "Wiley claims that this doctrine only applies to goods that are manufactured in the U.S., and that the defendant, Supap Kirtsaeng, was infringing its copyright by purchasing books at a reduced rate in his native Thailand and selling them below list price in the States." This description appeared on the same EFF blog (Deeplinks) where the item that you're concerned about did. One of the most important aspects of the Kirtsaeng case that we've tried to get the Supreme Court to appreciate is that the plaintiff's theory would limit first sale in a wide range of situations. (One example is artworks, like paintings or manuscripts, that were produced outside of the U.S. and that were brought to the United States by their legitimate owners, who are not the copyright holders. As discussed elsewhere in this thread, there is also a question of whether publishers intending to sell works in the United States can choose the location of their manufacturing operations to make first sale a dead letter.) So even people who think that parallel importation as practiced by Supap Kirtsaeng is bad or should be restricted by law may have cause to be concerned about the Kirtsaeng case. Those consequences and concerns are the focus of this summary post. Hi, As I mentioned in a reply above, an earlier EFF blog post ( https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/10/parade-horribles-supre... ) on the Kirtsaeng case did describe what Supap Kirtsaeng was doing ("purchasing books at a reduced rate in his native Thailand and selling them below list price in the States"). EFF did take a position in the Kirtsaeng case, in support of the petitioner (Kirtsaeng): https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/01/eff-asks-supreme-court... (The "urging" there is a link to EFF's amicus brief in the Supreme Court -- https://www.eff.org/sites/default/files/PKEFFCertAmicus_firs... if you'd like to read the brief, which was filed together with Public Knowledge and US PIRG, back in January of this year.) Although I mentioned that there are reasons that people who oppose parallel importation or aren't sure if they support it should be concerned about the respondent's (Wiley's) view of the first sale doctrine, EFF's brief explicitly supports parallel importation (see section II(C) of the brief). Reasons to care even if you don't care about protecting parallel importation are found in sections II(A) and II(B). Our brief says: "Unlike the Ninth Circuit’s interpretation, however, the Second Circuit’s reading of Sections 109 and 602 permits no exception for foreign-manufactured goods that are sold within the United States with the permission of the copy- right holder. As a result, absent the permission of the copyright holder, any distribution of any foreign-manufactured copy could infringe copyright." This seems to be a reference to the distinction drawn by the Second Circuit at p. 16 of its opinion: "While the Ninth Circuit in Omega held that §109(a) also applies to foreign-produced works sold in the United States with the permission of the copyright holder, that holding relied on Ninth Circuit precedents not adopted by other courts of appeals. Accordingly, while perhaps a close call, we think that, in light of its necessary interplay with § 602(a)(1), § 109(a) is best interpreted as applying only to works manufactured domestically." And on p. 17: "In sum, we hold that the phrase “lawfully made under this Title” in § 109(a) refers specifically and exclusively to works that are made in territories in which the Copyright Act is law, and not to foreign-manufactured works." In a footnote, the Second Circuit seems to acknowledge that this leads to the exact concern that we raised: "Phrased differently, it is argued that [this] decision may allow a copyright holder to completely control the resale of its product in the United States by producing its goods abroad and then immediately importing them for initial distribution. In this sense, the copyright holder would arguably enjoy the proverbial “best of both worlds” because, in theory, the consumer could not rely on the first sale doctrine to re-sell the imported work. In other words, the copyright holder would have an incentive to “outsource” publication to foreign locations to circumvent the availability of the first sale doctrine as a defense for consumers wishing to re-sell their works in the domestic market. [...] We acknowledge the force of this concern, but it does not affect or alter our interpretation of the Copyright Act." Hence, the Second Circuit suggests that Wiley could control the resale of foreign-manufactured books in the U.S., even if Wiley itself imported and sold them. Please read the Second Circuit's decision, particularly pages 16 and 17. The Second Circuit did not agree with your intuition about this point. You can find the decision at https://www.eff.org/files/Wiley-v-Kirtsaeng_2ndCir_8-15-11.p... The Second Circuit specifically disagreed with the Ninth Circuit on this point, distinguishing its holding from the Ninth Circuit's in Omega. You should have a look at the gap between the Ninth Circuit's holding in Omega v. CostCo and the Second Circuit's holding here. :-) In footnote 44, the Second Circuit agrees that its own "decision may allow a copyright holder to completely control the resale of its product in the United States by producing its goods abroad and then immediately importing them for initial distribution" but says that this "does not affect or alter our interpretation of the Copyright Act". You can see the pins list at https://src.chromium.org/viewvc/chrome/trunk/src/net/base/tr... Those are the sites that they're currently able to do it for. :-) If anyone reading wants to have your own site added to the HSTS preload (or perhaps cert pin) lists, I think the Chromium developers are interested in hearing from you. I know they'll add HSTS preloads for any site, but I don't know for sure whether there's a size or popularity threshold of some sort for a cert pin. Not in advance, but it will be interesting to see whether we have observations of them. We (and other people who care about certs) could probably use contributions of algorithms for detecting things that are suspicious about certificates. :-) One thing that I believe is not yet implemented but that I should try to implement is finding observations in the Observatory that, if they had been made by Chromium, would have violated a cert pin in Chromium. (Most of the observations in the Observatory are made by Firefox users, so their browsers wouldn't notice a pin violation at the time the observation was made.) Another thing that could be interesting is finding all apparently valid certs that have never been seen by any Perspectives notary. Anyway, there are a lot of queries to be run! The distinction is presumably about whether clients have to be modified to accept a particular (organizational) root or whether someone gets access to a root CA that will work with unmodified mainstream browsers. The "standard" way of doing enterprise network surveillance and censorship is by getting end-users to use client software with a modified configuration that (unlike the general public's browsers) accepts the surveillance and censorship without generating a browser warning. In the Trustwave case, it was done with unmodified software and hence could have been done against the general public, or unsuspecting corporate users. There have been interesting policy discussions about the fact that HTTPS site operators may not "consent" to this surveillance, even if some end users are considered to have done so. For example, PayPal might not want corporate network operators to have access to employees' PayPal credentials or financial transaction data. Hence PayPal's preferences might be something like employee doesn't use PayPal at work > employee uses PayPal at work without interception by employer > employee uses PayPal at work with interception by employer while the employee's preferences might be employee uses PayPal at work without interception by employer > employee uses PayPal at work with interception by employer > employee doesn't use PayPal at work and the employer's preferences might be employee doesn't use PayPal at work > employee uses PayPal at work with interception by employer > employee uses PayPal at work without interception by employer I'd still recognize both meanings for the verb "moot": to propose something for discussion (to moot a proposal), or to render further consideration of something unnecessary (to moot a court case). My dictionary says that "moot" as an adjective also has both meetings, but I don't recognize the 'suitable for discussion, under consideration' meaning. Wiktionary says that that meaning is current in the U.K. and "dated" in the U.S.; I'd never heard it before. I am also wary of people suggesting that software whose users are "required" to pay a per-user fee could be open source. Open source software could not come with a universally enforceable requirement of this kind. "The license may not restrict any party from selling or giving away the software..." But the prospect of open source developers being paid other than per-copy, per-user is plausible. Alex Tabarrok demonstrated in 1996 that it should be possible to do it even without altruism given enforcement of contracts and someone with sufficient information about demand. (I don't know if that kind of information is often achieved in practice.) Karl Fogel just ran a successful Kickstarter campaign to fund creation of the second edition of Producing Open Source Software, which will be distributed on terms closely parallel to open source software (all recipients of the book can redistribute and modify it, and nobody is required to pay a per-copy license fee). The payment to Karl happened up front and ahead of time. The same structure might have worked if Karl were to apply this funding to software development instead of to writing about software development -- and indeed Joey Hess did that a while ago with his git-annex-assistant Kickstarter, which as far as I know has worked out quite well. In the Kickstarter case there is a significant potential free-rider problem; for example, I didn't personally fund Joey's project but I might still benefit from his work on git-annex. Kickstarter seems to use various aspects of social norms and psychology to address free riding, often with good results. I think we need more work on this even as we continue to insist on not diluting the meaning of open source. I think you mean "homini" (dative), not "hominis" (genitive). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homo_homini_lupus The paper says that they compromised machines by guessing credentials -- not by breaking crypto. ("Four simple stupid default telnet passwords" is how the paper refers to the scope of the vulnerability.) For many users and many sites, SSL stripping is still quite a significant vulnerability. http://www.thoughtcrime.org/software/sslstrip/ Assuming DNSSEC isn't in use, controlling someone's DNS settings is enough to carry out an SSL stripping attack! Currently YouTube doesn't require Flash Player for the overwhelming majority of its videos. It's a bit unclear whether they are still using RTMPE for some Hollywood stuff (as they were a year or two ago), but if you go to https://www.youtube.com/movies the free movies work perfectly using all free and open source client software, with no Flash Player. Most (or all) of YouTube is implemented as FLV or MP4 files delivered over HTTP. You can watch this in action by using software like youtube-dl. So apart from the purported, perennial Hollywood threat to boycott things, the empirical answer with regard to the existing YouTube seems to be no. (Though maybe there is still some RTMPE lurking somewhere on the site.) See http://freedomdefined.org/Definition and https://creativecommons.org/weblog/entry/8051 . (This parallels the distinction between free software, on the one hand, and freeware and shareware, on the other hand.) I don't recall Aaron's views about this issue, so I'm not asserting that he would have been upset about this. It should probably be possible to find documentation of his opinions. The United States protects the freedom of anonymous speech. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McIntyre_v._Ohio_Elections_Com... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watchtower_Society_v._Village_... "Backdoor" is the term that we used in the 1990s in connection with proposed anti-encryption measures, and particularly systems like Clipper where encryption was present but had been modified to allow government access ("key escrow" and "key recovery"). In this prototypical case, a potentially otherwise secure design was modified specifically to allow the government to break it. There are still engineering efforts today to do analogous things, including work at ETSI with regard to GSM voice encryption. As a coauthor of the original post, I think the term is still reasonable and useful. I agree that the applicability of "backdoor" to the cases you mention is less clear, and sometimes absent. Often, the main reasons that users don't get to control their own crypto keys may have to do with a service provider's business model and engineering decisions. If facilitating surveillance wasn't one of the main design goals, I can see where "backdoor" feels much less appropriate. (I think I'd argue that it's still an appropriate term if the architectural decisions about encryption are directly influenced by pressure from the government. Legislation to ban certain designs for communications systems should put us squarely in that category.) I'd also like to find ways to encourage users to value end-to-end encryption, but I don't think that was meant to be the point of using the term "backdoor". We are actually talking about legislation here, supposedly meant to change how services are engineered, likely including services and software that are already in use. You asked: "Are major companies based or operating in the US allowed to provide secure email and/or data storage without options for lawful surveillance from law enforcement?" Compare 47 USC §1002(b)(3): A telecommunications carrier shall not be responsible for decrypting, or ensuring the government’s ability to decrypt, any communication encrypted by a subscriber or customer, unless the encryption was provided by the carrier and the carrier possesses the information necessary to decrypt the communication. Also, (b)(1): This subchapter does not authorize any law enforcement agency or officer— (A) to require any specific design of equipment, facilities, services, features, or system configurations to be adopted by any provider of a wire or electronic communication service, any manufacturer of telecommunications equipment, or any provider of telecommunications support services; or (B) to prohibit the adoption of any equipment, facility, service, or feature by any provider of a wire or electronic communication service, any manufacturer of telecommunications equipment, or any provider of telecommunications support services. Finally, (b)(2): The [interception capability] requirements of [...] this section do not apply to [...] information services [...] I agree that the pure VoIP parts of Skype should not be interpreted as telecommunications services under CALEA. I think we agree; I'm quoting these provisions to argue that Microsoft does not have any interception capability mandates for IP-to-IP calls under CALEA. Hi, I'm the author of the original article and I'm happy to receive e-mail at my EFF address (as another commenter pointed out, you can find my staff information page by clicking on my name there). The focus of my post is the legal uncertainty about why Microsoft may not be able to improve the cryptographic privacy of Skype (even if they accepted our view that they ought to). Microsoft's recent statement seem to suggest Microsoft thinks there are now (or will soon be) legal considerations limiting its ability to protect users' privacy. I'm aware of the key exchange problem and, in fact, the (lack of a) way for users to verify keys is the particular kind of anti-eavesdropping protection that my article calls out. I don't think that the supernode architecture or Microsoft's changes to it necessarily made a major qualitative change to Skype's privacy properties. Microsoft made a blog post at the time of the architectural change, and again recently, denying that wiretapping was the motivation for the changes. It's possible that the changes made wiretapping Skype calls easier even if that wasn't the motivation for making them. According to the 2005 report, Skype effectively functions as a CA for its users, but there is no way for the users to check whether the CA's statements are accurate. It's possible that they were talking about CALEA, which has some wiretap capability mandates on hardware (and associated technical standards). If I had the choice between communicating over CALEA-compliant or non-CALEA-compliant infrastructure, I would far prefer the latter, but these particular backdoors aren't required to operate in an automatic, unattended, or surreptitious way (though some implementations might well have bugs that allow them to do so). > Is there any area of the government whose sole role is protecting the rights of the people against the government? There's the Office of the Federal Public Defender in each Federal judicial district, and the umbrella Office of Defender Services inside the U.S. Courts system (fd.org). They have some staff who work on advancing the interests of Federal criminal defendants collectively (for example, by lobbying the U.S. Sentencing Commission on Sentencing Guidelines revisions), not just representing individuals. One could also argue that the PCLOB and individual agencies' privacy offices are in the category that you mention, although I don't know if that's the way that their staff would see or describe their missions. I've been working a little bit on cryptography education issues and so have a number of people I know, but now I'm reminded of Lancelot Hogben's books "Mathematics for the Million" and "Science for the Citizen". Maybe someone will create their equivalents for cryptography! "Cryptography for the 2⁶⁴"? The use of the full-body scanners at Schiphol is optional. The agents there are not very well-trained about this fact but people do normally succeed in opting out. For example, I succeeded after OHM earlier this month, though I was given more push-back than when opting out in the U.S. Here is a Dutch government site about the scanners confirming that travelers are allowed to opt out: http://english.nctv.nl/themes_en/themes-a-z/Security_and_civ... No. If users send unencrypted data to a service provider, they can never use technical means to verify what the service provider does with the data. For example, suppose that some category of user data is automatically printed out on paper every night. EFF is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization and is not allowed to endorse or oppose political candidates. (I work there.) I think the part of the speech quoted by the parent commenter was indeed referring to exactly this software, and to the other things that the speech mentions: "I have in my pocket a cryptographic telephone [...] This phone, short of breaking into it when I make a phone call, no one here, short of a mathematical breakthrough, is going to be able to intercept it. I have a couple different encrypted text messaging services. I have the TOR project, Orbot, Progra, Cryptophone, Redphone, TextSecure." In context, the "cryptographic telephone" is a smartphone running all of this software. "Progra" is a mistranscription; I just listened to the original and he says "the Tor Project's Orbot program". Just to be clear (as someone working at one organization that helped develop these principles and the consensus around them), the principles were not developed or published by the U.N. They were created by a consensus of voluntary nongovernmental organizations from all around the world that work in the area of human rights. Here, the principles were being presented to the United Nations -- not by the United Nations! The particular publicly-available information that people are interested in is privacy-sensitive. It's easiest to see this by thinking about articles on sexual, medical, and religious topics at Wikipedia (or WebMD!). Although the information is public, users don't want others on the network to know that they read it. And on some networks, the content of news articles that we might think of as totally innocuous is considered very sensitive, and the network operator might try to block it. The most familiar example might be news about annual commemorations of 6/4. Using HTTPS provides resistance against content-based censorship because the network operator doesn't know when users are reading the specific things that they wanted to prevent them from reading. I think this metonymy helps reinforce the idea that there isn't a conceptual difference between hardware and software, or that they are inherently a single integrated product. If you value various aspects of keeping hardware and software separate, then not reinforcing this association -- and instead trying to draw the distinction -- is valuable. A lot of people in a discussion like this will point out that many computer users don't know what an OS is in the first place, or don't draw any distinction between the computer, the OS, and the browser. That's true, but avoiding using the individual proper names of these things makes it even more true! In most DRM systems the information is distributed encrypted. The decryption keys are given to technology developers who have specifically promised to obey the DRM rules, as well as to make their technology hard for users to understand or modify so that the users can't easily undo the restrictions or extract the decryption keys. Hence a browser developer or OS developer or developer of whatever software is in question wouldn't be permitted (by the DRM system's inventor or administrator) to get decryption keys if they didn't promise to implement these restrictions. Some of the people who invented the modern DRM business ecology called this "the intersection of technology, law, and commercial licensing" (the title of a 1996 article by Dean Marks and Bruce Turnbull). Here, the "technology" is DRM implementations -- including software obfuscation and other measures; the "law" is anticircumvention laws like the DMCA §1201 that make it risky for people to use the decryption keys in ways that industry dislikes; and "commercial licensing" is the permission from a DRM developer to interoperate with that DRM, including "compliance" rules (about the functionality of the technology product) and "robustness" rules (about tamper-resistance), that result in the licensee being issued decryption keys. In my view (I worked on EFF's objection) this is a deliberate attack on software interoperability: the whole point is to allow someone to try to prevent interoperability with software that hasn't been "approved". And it's also in extreme tension with the idea of having browsers that end-users can modify (their individual instances of). See my comment upthread about encrypted media and how licensing is used to control the availability of decryption keys. In existing DRM people are not required to implement it, but they can't achieve interoperability without the decryption keys. There is no sense in which DRM is "copyright-compliant" and a lack of DRM is not "copyright-compliant", and there is no sense in which copyright requires anyone to help industry create or deploy DRM. Chrome might be difficult because Google has already implemented it in ChromeOS and is a coauthor of the EME specification. I agree. In previous discussions about this, some people emphasized the idea of open source development, as opposed to giving an open source software to an end user. For example, you could run a binary through an obfuscator after compiling in a decryption key -- from source code that had been published and distributed under an open source license. If the license isn't a reciprocal/copyleft license, this is probably not a license violation, but it seems wrong to say that the user who receives the binary is being given open source software. This issue reflects the way that people have had very different ideas about what the point or purpose of free and open source software is (in some ways, reflecting the split between people who preferred to say "free software" over "open source" and vice versa). It's also a very concrete issue today in whether people call, say, the Chrome browser "open source". Most of their source code is downloadable, derived from the fully open-source Chromium project, but in Google's current practice, users never get the complete source code to the Chrome binaries that they run. If you're focused on the development process, it might almost make sense to call Chrome "open source" because almost all of its source code is distributed, licensed, and developed in an open source manner -- but if you're focused on what users can do with the software, it's obviously just a proprietary application (with a proprietary EULA, to boot). The Free Software Definition doesn't require free software to be copylefted or to include measures against TiVoization or against proprietary or restrictive downstream products. GPLv3 does this and the BSD license doesn't, and both are free software licenses. As I said in another comment, people who usually say "free software" are more likely to think that preventing restrictive downstream products is an important goal than people who usually say "open source". But that doesn't mean it's part of the definition of what it means to be free software. EDIT: I also think the comment the parent replied to was right to say "then the whole is not open source". BusyBox is both free and open source even though its license allows it to be included in the locked-down TiVo -- but the TiVo as a whole is not open source. I think that verifiability is an important security benefit from publishing source code and I hope to talk more about that soon. Some people think that publishing source code is first and foremost a way to get other people to collaborate on its development, not to ensure any particular rights or knowledge or safety for people who end up using the software. For example, you could imagine a consortium of people who each make a super-proprietary locked-down thing and they publish and collaborate on the code of some libraries that their respective locked-down things need. They actively do want other locked-down thing makers to comment on how to make the code better and contribute patches, but they actively don't want customers to use that knowledge to make the thing less locked-down (or to be able to verify what it does or doesn't do). This is a situation that we often encounter in the real world, and in fact some of the locked-down thing makers are even surprised when people say the contrast in their behavior with respect to these audiences is strange or hypocritical, because they didn't know or didn't remember that other people think software freedom is partly or mainly meant to benefit users. When we tell a computer how to do something, we write a set of orders for the computer in a way that the computer can read. These orders can ask the computer to remember things, like numbers and names and places and so on. We can ask the computer to set up spots where it will remember things for us, and each such spot will have its own name. When we write down a thing for the computer to figure out, and the computer goes on to actually figure out what we are talking about, the thing can turn out to be either of two types. It can be the name of a place to store things, or it can be a thing to be stored (like a number or word or letter or a few of any of these). If it is a place to store things (which we can call a "left hand type of thing"), we could ask the computer to store other things in that place. If it is a thing that can be stored (which we can call a "right hand type of thing"), we could ask the computer to store it somewhere. The reason why we use the names "left hand" and "right hand" in this way is that we can write orders for the computer like cat should become two times two In this case, the word "cat" appeared on the left hand side of the order, before "should become" (or "gets"), while the words "two times two" appeared on the right hand side of the order, after "should become". This makes sense because in this order we use "cat" as a name of a place to store things, while "two times two" (which turns out to be the number four) is a number that could be stored so that it can be used later on. Here, we would call "cat" a left hand type of thing, and "two times two" a right hand type of thing. In some orders for the computer, the way to talk about where to store things is much more confusing (like we could say something like "right after this place", "right before this place", "ten spots after this place"), but still, if something works out to point to a place where you can store facts, then that thing is a left hand type of thing. EFF's new lawsuit against NSA argues that the freedom of association is violated by this surveillance. https://www.eff.org/cases/first-unitarian-church-los-angeles... I heard speculation that some ATMs were technically capable of recording the serial numbers of bills that they dispense to a particular customer (via OCR) and that some bill accepters used by banks or currency exchangers were capable of doing the same. Since modern ATMs already have quite sophisticated OTR on the input side -- I've found them very accurate lately at recognizing even sloppy handwriting on checks -- this is quite plausible technologically. It's not clear to me whether governments would ask cash-handling businesses to do this kind of bill-tracking today, and whether they'd expect to learn interesting things from it. (I'd imagine most bills participate in several cash transactions in between bank deposits.) Eben Moglen talked about the different legal regimes that were applied to different classes of information (which programmers might view as different numbers) in "Anarchism Triumphant", at http://emoglen.law.columbia.edu/publications/anarchism.pdf I think it's an interesting read in conjunction with "What Colour Are Your Bits" (suggested above). This is one reason I think it would be helpful to have a clearer articulation of which functions people are referring to when they talk about "Internet governance", so that other people can understand whether we want those functions to exist at all, and (if so) what kinds of institutions we would like to try to empower to do them. Many things that can be called "Internet governance" have little bearing on Internet users' free speech or privacy -- but others do. This might be akin to the way that RMS suggests that saying "intellectual property" (instead of "copyright", "patent", "trademark", "trade secret", and several sui generis regimes) leads to conceptual muddles. "Internet governance" may have the same problem; maybe it's a term in need of some disaggregation! Oh yeah! I remember this too. I think we're thinking of the A86 shareware assembler: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A86_%28software%29 As an EFF staffer who worked on this, I want to mention that ACLU and ACLU of Massachusetts deserve substantial credit for this brief. The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is hiring a Web Developer and a Staff Technologist in San Francisco. https://www.eff.org/about/opportunities/jobs I have taught PGP, find that at least some communities are increasingly interested in it, and hope more people will use it, though I think the forward secrecy issue alone shows the value of trying to replace it with a more modern design. I think the logistical and conceptual parts of key exchange and verification are probably the most difficult for new PGP users. There are some ideas to make this more convenient; I know people who've produced some nice educational materials, and a colleague has a nice idea for making key exchange faster and easier among people on a LAN. But I think the biggest obstacle in the long run may be just how fond many Internet users have become so fond of webmail and of being able to read their e-mail from any device. Having to use one particular desktop e-mail client on one particular machine to read encrypted e-mail is normal to me but may seem like a huge sacrifice if that's not what you're used to. Transaction fees, which are specified by the sender of a transaction at the time that it's sent and are collected by the miner of the block that incorporates it. Bitcoin ASICs aren't reprogrammable to perform other computations -- the hardware (at least the really fast part of it) isn't Turing-complete. People have speculated about whether other kinds of computational problems can be represented as Bitcoin hash searches but I think the answer is pretty clearly no, because the computations involved are so specialized. There might be a financial incentive to make hardware to crack crypto to sell to governments, which could use the hardware to spy on people. In other contexts government contractors do make surveillance hardware, like IMSI catchers. Because the crypto involved is so easy to attack, it's possible to imagine someone building a passive cell phone monitoring box with ASICs in it. I haven't looked through the relevant stuff in the Spy Files (vendor presentations from the ISS World surveillance conference), but that might be one place to look to find people making crypto-cracking ASICs for a profit. http://wikileaks.org/the-spyfiles.html They only have documents through 2011, although the conference is still happening frequently. The description of proof of work is a little bit confused: the author says "The problem is difficult to solve, but the solution is easy to verify, as it is difficult to factorize a very large number but easy to verify that a proposed factorization is correct". If we read "as" as meaning "because" rather than "akin to the way that", this is wrong: this problem is based on hashes, not factorization. I think you were thinking of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashcroft_v._Free_Speech_Coalit... I'm not aware of whether the PROTECT Act (which I believe was a response to this decision) has been challenged in court. http://www.wired.com/opinion/2013/11/this-is-how-the-interne... Apparently there are malicious servers that do active attacks against Internet users (with forged injected traffic). I've seen no indication that the servers that carry out these attacks are directly related to the splitters. Although the best chess players are now computers, chess doesn't seem anywhere close to being solved in the formal game theory sense (where we know how to produce perfect play that can't be beaten even in principle). There was a gap of over a decade between a machine becoming the world checkers champion (1994) and checkers becoming a formally solved game (2007). (Impressively, both of these were achieved by the same person, Johnathan Schaeffer.) The difference, of course, is between "this machine can beat the best existing human player" and "this machine can beat any conceivable player as long as it's logically possible to do so". And right now we're at the former stage for chess (at least in some abstract sense: I'm not sure that a specific machine exists in operable condition that reflects the state of the art), but nowhere near the latter. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solving_chess#Predictions_on_w... Quoridor is a great abstract strategy game that doesn't seem to have beecome very widely known. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quoridor A lot of the subtlety comes in because of the rule that you can never completely obstruct the opponent's path to the goal, but you can try to make it as convoluted as possible. Hence people try to multiply the opponent's options (so that they can be closed off at the last minute) and limit their own options (so that the opponent isn't allowed to block their unique path to the goal). If license plates were meant to be as public as possible, it would be possible for the public to find out who the registered owner of each car was! In my understanding, license plates were created for two reasons: * To enforce registration requirements for cars and drivers in order to enforce training standards (for drivers) and safety standards (for the construction and inspection of cars) * To allow the easier identification of the party responsible for an accident (and maybe for certain other infractions, like speeding, parking violations, or abandoning a vehicle) That means that other uses to which license plates have been put are a kind of mission creep. Where they harm motorists' privacy, we can reasonably see them as a failure in the design and implementation of the license plate system. If we had a license plate system that let people responsible for accidents and traffic infractions be identified and that ensured cars were safe without also making it easy to figure out individual people's travel patterns, I'd view that as a strict improvement over the status quo -- and more legitimate, because it wouldn't impose unrelated burdens on motorists. Right now we're creating and deploying lots of other systems that assign unique identifiers to people and their possessions. Those systems are meant for specific purposes, which their users may see as legitimate, but designing them in the simplest, most obvious way will cause collateral damage to privacy by allowing often invisible kinds of tracking and profiling of people's activities, whereabouts, and relationships. If those uses are not the intended purpose, we should demand more careful designs that end up enabling them. If you store binaries on the system and the system can recognize them, it could change the served versions to insert malware. This attack isn't purely theoretical. I believe Ian Goldberg and David Wagner's group at UC Berkeley demonstrated it in the 1990s against a LAN-based NFS server that was serving shared software to workstations. Instead of making the NFS server itself malicious, they raced against it to provide modified binaries that the workstations would then execute. However, if the NFS server had been malicious, it could have carried out the same attack, without directly leaking user data to the Internet. I guess this is a reference to that work: https://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~daw/papers/endpoint-security.ht... If you could compromise workstations this way, you could then try to find another channel through which to have the workstations themselves exfiltrate data. One example might be a variant on the Telex system: https://telex.cc/ Instead of signaling Internet routers with requests to browse censored websites, you could signal them with the content of exfiltrated files. Maybe, but it could nonetheless help with the first-visit problem. There are at least three proposals with a distributed cryptographic ledger to reform or replace the CA system: Namecoin, Sovereign Keys, and Certificate Transparency. Each of them has some security benefit relative to TACK alone in the case of a user-agent's first visit to a site. In SK and CT the ledger is less distributed than a Bitcoin blockchain, although these systems have historical influence from discussions sparked by the existence of Bitcoin. Ben Laurie argues that proof of work is actually superfluous to the security model of these systems: http://www.links.org/files/decentralised-currencies.pdf http://www.links.org/files/distributed-currency.pdf Anyway, to refocus, a decentralized or distributed ledger does have the potential to help with the first-visit introduction problem, because you can have another place to turn for ground truth or at least for evidence that the certs you accept are publicly known. (There are also alternative techniques that don't rely on such a ledger, including Moxie's own Convergence.) The trouble with the idea that TLS assumes DNS is "totally insecure" is the numerous CAs that will issue certs based on proof of control over the domain name -- as observed by the CA. So while TLS itself doesn't trust DNS at all, PKIX does! CAs may well have google.com on a blacklist, but if someone could "yank" matasano.com and point it at their own server, they could most likely get GoDaddy to issue them a cert based solely on their control over that server. GoDaddy's existing test for the legitimacy of a certificate issuance request is the ability to post a text file with specified contents on an HTTP server pointed to by the subject CN. (For that matter, the attacker who took control of the matasano.com zone could then publish MX records allowing them to intercept any verification or confirmation e-mails to the whois contacts.) I think I agree with you, given pinning. Without pinning, keys in authenticated DNS (like with DANE) are strictly better than CA certificates, because the CA certificates are themselves issued on the basis of (even unauthenticated!) DNS data. Right now, I'm not sure we know how to handle key management for universal encryption at the IP layer. With names we can at least claim them, remember historical claims about them, or prove that we apparently control them according to some naming system. With IP addresses we have deliberate churn in control so you might use a different address every week (and someone else might re-use your old address). What is a safe way to associate keys with IP addresses, given this? I think that approach was taken by some prior IPsec implementations. I recall that John Gilmore described a main goal of FreeSWAN, for instance, as protecting Internet traffic against passive eavesdropping. I do wish that plan had worked out. On the other hand,given evidence that governments are sabotaging so much of our communications infrastructure, I guess I fear that active MITM will become common quickly unless there's some mechanism in place to at least detect, publicize, and investigate it. And since a given IP address can be legitimately used by many different devices, human beings, or organizations in a short timeframe, it's hard to see what this would look like. The U.S. delegation did get the right to privacy text watered down (and argued that there is no internationally recognized human right to privacy!), but the text still expresses serious concerns over mass surveillance. The 148-4 vote is not on the right to privacy, but on a different text about the "right to development". The U.S. delegation actually voted in favor of the right-to-privacy text. If you search this transcript for "The Committee then", you can see that they had many different work items considered at this meeting, not just the privacy item. I see at least two ways that having data in Facebook has the potential to help governments learn more about people: things (relationships, events, biographical data) are pre-structured in a single clear ontology, and Facebook has direct access to all of the facts in the system. If we imagine a more decentralized system, people might well still adopt a single ontology for events and relationships, but much "private" information might actually never be revealed to third parties, as opposed to disclosing all of it to Facebook and asking Facebook to limit whom they show it to. Similarly, Google has a notion of "Web History" which is distinct from what they know about users. The Web History can be displayed to (and deleted by) the user, but that's not the same as displaying or deleting all of Google's records about the user's activity: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/54050?hl=en In case you don't know German: "Orpnhfr bs guvf fbhepr pbqr, V'z abg tbvat gb urnira." (ROT13 for fellow non-native German speakers who want to think about the meaning for a moment.) Hi, EFF employee who worked on our acceptance of Bitcoin here. The linked article simplifies the history somewhat. In fact, we attempted to give away all of our BTC to the Bitcoin Faucet because of legal uncertainty surrounding Bitcoin. When we decided to start accepting Bitcoin donations again, the developer who runs the Faucet offered to return the remaining value to us. Because of increases in the price of bitcoins in the interim, EFF was able to sell the BTC that came back to us from the Faucet for about $95,000. https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2013/05/thank-you-bitcoin-comm... By my calculations (using contemporary market depth data), that's coincidentally just about the same amount of U.S. currency that EFF would have realized if we'd sold all of those bitcoins at the time that we donated them to the Faucet. I'm glad that that value was eventually able to be used for EFF's purposes as the donors originally intended. Since deciding to accept Bitcoin again, EFF has used a payment processor to sell all bitcoins as soon as they're donated, so we never possess them and never make individual decisions about when to sell or hold them. (That's what will happen if you donate in BTC today.) That's correct -- the people in the box starting "EFF would like to extend a heartfelt thanks to...". I was involved in some Windows Refund stuff in California. Many manufacturers later added language to their marketing and packaging claiming that bundled software was an integral part of their product and could not be returned separately, nor resold separately. If you tried to return it separately for a refund (as the Windows EULA text seemed to suggest), they would say that that was only an option if you returned the entire product. So, my impression is that it's actually become dramatically more difficult for most manufacturers because they're specifically trying to prevent customers from getting a refund just for bundled copies of Windows. I've imagined that some of these policies might violate (or be unenforceable because of) antitrust, consumer protection, or copyright laws in some jurisdictions, but I don't know of specific cases where they've been challenged on these bases or what the results were. I still look forward to a future in which the price of proprietary operating systems is actually able to operate as a disincentive for people to buy them. It's about implementing * as a wildcard character: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Globbing I haven't figured out how to solve this with the parts of ERE and PCRE that I know. (I definitely don't know the entirety of PCRE.) It's straightforward for me to write a substitution using regular expressions to create a pattern-matcher for a given glob (just anchor the ends and replace literal ? with . and literal * with .*) but here we have to do it inside a single regular expression. I don't think there's a BRE solution if the number of stars is unbounded because I don't think this is a regular language. I found it frustrating that gur vagraqrq fbyhgvba cngu qbrfa'g gryy lbh qverpgyl jura lbh'er qbar naq lbh unir gb vasre gung sbe lbhefrys. It's a really neat idea and a cool way to give people some command-line practice. I think of it as normal practice for avoiding giving puzzle-related spoilers. Gung'f n tbbq cbvag. Guvf jnf n pynffvp ceboyrz jvgu cbyvpr cebprqheny fubjf yvxr Qentarg -- ab zrnavatshy hapregnvagl nobhg jub gur thvygl cnegl jnf, rire. Znlor vg'f sbe gur orfg gung jr npghnyyl unir gb guvax nobhg jung gur rivqrapr ntnvafg gur fhfcrpg vf jvgubhg vafgnagyl orvat gbyq "pbasebagrq jvgu guvf, Ohtf Zrnal pbasrffrq"! We used to include it and the Reddit admins asked us to stop for the time being. Source: I was one of the recipients of the request. I found the parallels interesting -- many people would like fast cheap payments to anywhere in the world without interacting with a bureaucracy. Though there's almost no demographic overlap right now in who uses the various techniques for this! I wonder what hawaladars' techniques for information and communications security are like, and what efforts people have made to spy on their communications -- or to defraud them by impersonating another hawaladar and originating fraudulent payments. By using personal trust relationships, hawaladars don't need to solve the full Byzantine Generals problem, but they do face authentication and confidentiality problems from outsiders. I think the difference between you and tptacek here is basically about this: http://benlog.com/2014/01/03/there-are-3-kinds-of-crypto/ Google has done an enormous amount to improve and deploy what Ben Adida called "b2c crypto" -- typically turning it on months to years ahead of its main competitors, and actively supporting work on making it stronger. But they've done almost nothing to encourage the use of "p2p crypto" in Adida's sense, at least not as a product feature. I support the widespread routine use of p2p crypto, but I think Google deserves credit for what it has done. That includes making b2c crypto "routine" for most products, which does have direct effects on dragnet surveillance. The Lua developers are Brazilians, hence also not from Japan, China, or Russia (as the original article asks for). The main protection overall is probably the reversibility of most kinds of transactions in the mainstream banking system (and the liability of banks to customers in many cases of fraud). At least, this kind of policy can be seen as a backstop to particular arrangements and policies like limiting the size or rate of transactions, requiring multiple authorizations for certain transactions, and so on. The reversibility of transactions has drawbacks (one that's of interest to me is that it serves as one motivation for reducing privacy and increasing data retention). Huh, I once visited a military base where people on the trip wanted to be photographed with a tank. The soldiers said it was OK, as long as somebody obscured the tank's serial number by standing in front of it. I wonder if their training in this respect was inspired by this history! (But if so, why not print the serial numbers inside the tank, not outside? Or maybe encrypt or HMAC them?) I parsed it correctly because I'm used to reading about appeals courts ruling on things, but one could take "rules" as a noun and "phone" as a verb (the court's rules telephoned a search to let the search know that it was illegal?). "Search" could also be a verb, but that makes it more of a stretch (even if we envision a kind of phone called a "rules phone", there would be a singular/plural agreement problem in taking it as the subject of "search"). That's a public key/private key issue (I think!): the key he sends to Verisign will be the public key from the ceremony, not the private key. If I'm mistaken about this, I hope the secure channel is very very very secure! The original poster seems to have acknowledged that he broke the curfew law, and also acknowledged that he was treated differently by the police in the other case because of his appearance, and that the police and judges treat poor people and minorities more harshly than they treat him. Is there some other kind of acknowledgement you'd like to see from him? Would you like him not to have been surprised when he saw the criminal justice system treating people badly? Or is there something else you found offensive or annoying about his approach to the situation? My favorite example of English's willingness to do noun-noun compounding and Spanish's corresponding unwillingness is on the Boston subway: Passenger emergency intercom unit at end of car Sistema de intercomunicación para pasajeros en caso de emergencia situado al extremo del tren There are several things going on there that make the Spanish longer than the English, but one is the obligatory use of explicit prepositions relating the nouns to one another in Spanish. In English terms, the Spanish says System of intercommunication for passengers in case of emergency situated at the end of the train See also this list written up by John Cowan of some languages that do noun-noun compounding and what the implicit meanings of such compounds can be: http://recycledknowledge.blogspot.com/2009/12/noun-noun-comp... Notice that not all types of compounds are understood in every language, even for languages that sometimes allow this! NSA isn't a law enforcement agency. If you get contacted (or arrested or detained) by a law enforcement agency, you could ask to have a lawyer present before answering any questions. Your lawyer can help you assert your fifth amendment rights against self-incrimination. I don't mean to deny that the Federal government might already know who the creator of Bitcoin is. They may, and they may have quite strong evidence. However, having "no choice in the matter" of whether to reveal one's identity under interrogation is less clear. At least in the context of a law enforcement investigation, the fifth amendment privilege is quite strong when properly asserted, and the government's power to compel answers from a suspect is correspondingly weak. Do you have an example of someone described as a domestic terrorist being compelled to answer questions in an interrogation as a result of the Patriot Act? Speculations about tptacek's amusement: Maybe he thinks other governments aren't anywhere near having the capability "to do the same", depending on what "the same" is. (Most states could tap cell phone calls off the air or make domestic carriers turn over lots of data, but not tap undersea cables, and probably not extensively compromise commercial telecommunications infrastructure in other countries.) Maybe he thinks pretty much all governments have been trying to spy on everyone they can for some time now and none of them have so far perceived significant legal, political, economic, or moral deterrents in doing so. Personally, I think your fingerprinting example is instructive because the practices of one state do have an influence on the practices of another -- though fingerprinting is something that the general public can see directly, unlike most electronic surveillance. After all,the fingerprinting is quite overt. I take Snowden's (and Eben Moglen's) point that states and spooks have talked together for a long time about their deeply shared understanding of spying, and never thought it was necessary to tell or ask the public. I agree that the U.S. pioneered terrible rules in both of these areas and then helped spread those rules around the world. The drug war and copyright law, though, have both been spread by treaties: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_Convention_on_Narcotic_... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berne_Convention https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WIPO_Copyright_Treaty https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WIPO_Performances_and_Phonogra... (Some people have coined the term "policy laundering" to describe creating domestic policy by agreeing to a treaty demanding it, and then pointing to the treaty obligation as a reason that the domestic policy can't be changed -- maybe even within the country whose negotiators first proposed adding it to the treaty!) I don't think there are many treaties that require states to engage in surveillance. There are civil rights treaties that can be interpreted to restrict it. The closest I can think of is that the Chicago Convention https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convention_on_International_Ci... says that civil air carriers must comply with immigration rules, which might be one legal basis for collecting ever more information in identity documents, and for requiring carriers to verify them and share information about travelers with states. (I guess there are similar rules in treaties about ships, too?) Probably not on a massive scale, given scans, pinning, and pin violation reports. Real-world MITM attacks involving certificate misissuance have already been caught by these means (mostly by Google, which is putting the most effort into it). The Post's headline seems a big optimistic, since the news report is about whether the U.S. government will claim to be the core authority administering the DNS root (and other IANA functions). The article says the government will now relinquish this claim. But it seems like there are certain other ways in which the U.S. government exercises "control over the Internet". The most famous alleged case is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EgyptAir_Flight_990 Wikipedia has a relevant category: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Airliner_accidents_an... That category includes hijacked or stolen planes that were thought to have been deliberately crashed, not only suicide attempts by the official pilot of a scheduled flight. There are also seemingly cases there of suicide by passengers not involving a full-fledged hijacking but involving a crash. EDIT: I tried to go through all of the Wikipedia articles in this category and subcategorize them according to perpetrator and circumstance. * Passenger suicide resulting in crash (1) * Passenger attack against pilots resulting in crash (6, including all Sept. 11 attacks) * Suicide attempt by pilot resulting in deaths of others aboard (1) * Suicide by pilot resulting in deaths of others aboard (2) * Disputed suicide by pilot resulting in deaths of others aboard (2) * Suicide by pilot not during scheduled flight, with no passengers aboard (2) The latter cases both involved disgruntled pilots who wanted to get back at their employers. Unfortunately, in one of the two cases the pilot also succeeded in murdering, not passengers, but coworkers on the ground. (One of the fatal passenger-attacks-pilot cases also involved a disgruntled airline employee who was not a pilot.) I imagine there might be other cases of general aviation pilots deliberately crashing their planes to commit suicide without intending to injure anyone else. Many of those cases may never have been identified as suicides by crash investigators. ... yeah, apparently there were 16 identified general aviation suicides (typically killing only the pilot) in the U.S. between 1993 and 2002 and 8 between 2003 and 2012. http://www.faa.gov/data_research/research/med_humanfacs/oamt... http://avstop.com/March_2014/aircraft_assisted_pilot_suicide... See also Julie Cohen's 1996 paper on this problem: https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=17990 In this context, the troubles with that statement are "your" and "this program". https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20130729/12223823986/senat... I think you mean trademark. The original post is using "gendered" in a non-linguistic sense (with a meaning something like '[disproportionately] associated with a particular gender'). There are definitely adjectives and nouns that have such a strong gender connotation that they're used almost exclusively to refer to people of one gender, even though gender isn't necessarily part of their definition. (Common examples in English are "feisty", "perky", "bitchy", and "voluptuous", although there are others.) It seems quite possible to imagine verbs entering this category, so that they'd be used in practice almost exclusively with subjects of one gender, though I don't know of an example in English. I think the original post's use of "gendered" is actually weaker than this phenomenon because it says that "love (one's activity or profession)" is used much more by men than by women, not necessarily that it's acquired a connotation for listeners that the subject is male. (So the Hacker School administrators' concern is that women tend not to describe themselves as "loving programming", not that a listener hearing that "X loves programming" will assume that X is a man.) I guess I just mean to suggest that it's quite possible to imagine a verb also acquiring such a connotation for listeners, even if this one hasn't in this case. Getting back to the linguistic question of whether verbs can have gender, I think that duco in the sense of 'take (a wife)' in Latin can only be applied to a man's act of marrying a woman, and not to a woman's act of marrying a man, but that might be more a matter of ancient Roman legal understanding of marriage and so could be closer to your example of "impregnate" than to the original post's sense, which is meant to refer more to connotations than to grammatical possibility or impossibility. There actually are languages that have genders for verbs, where gender is a feature for which verbs are inflected and where verbs must agree with their subject in gender as well as, say, number. For instance, in Hebrew if a male subject loves something, the verb form is אוֹהֵב ohev , whereas when a female subject loves something, the verb form is אוֹהֵבֵת ohevet . Arabic also has gender-marked verb forms that agree with the grammatical gender of the subject. This has no connection to the way the original post uses the term, though! Following up on something I said further down in this thread, I think the OP meant to use "gendered" in a gender studies sense and not in a linguistic sense. I don't fully understand the meaning of "gendered" in the gender studies sense, but I think the OP meant something like "systematically associated with gender in some way". I think the intended meaning is basically that there are cultural differences around whether people tend to express their enthusiasm for programming as "love" or not, and so Hacker School now doubts this term is the best indicator of whether a prospective participant has the kind of enthusiasm they're looking for. It's true that "gendered word" has a totally separate meaning in linguistics, where it refers to the phenomenon where a noun attracts or requires agreement according to a class that the noun is in. In many languages these words need not refer to animate beings' gender at all, and in some languages the noun classes are totally abstract and unrelated to masculinity or femininity, although there's some disagreement about this terminology. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noun_classes#Noun_classes_vers... Anyway, I suggest reading the OP as saying "cultural differences, often along gender lines, in whether people commonly describe their relationship with programming as love". It sounds like this is starting down the path of "not trusting cloud servers in particular ways". At the end of that path lies Tahoe LAFS, which tries to do online file storage while avoiding trusting the servers at all. https://tahoe-lafs.org/trac/tahoe-lafs (One of the properties of Tahoe is managing the keys to decrypt data completely outside of the servers, so that the servers never have any knowledge of what they're storing.) One main argument for doing so has been that right now IAD has a conflict of interest. Are the Matasano crypto challenges currently stuck in some way, like with a grading backlog? I signed up some months ago, sent my first set of answers just after the new year, and have never heard back about the second challenge set. This DoS risk is documented in section 14.5 of the HSTS standard. https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6797#section-14.5 It's true that HSTS could be a way for someone who can set up a seemingly valid but nonetheless fake HTTPS listener on a domain to prevent people from later communicating with a genuine HTTP service on that domain. Three remedies for this, with different degrees of applicability to different sites: * Put a CAA record for your domain into your DNS (see https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6844 ) to prevent legitimate certificate authorities from issuing the cert to the impostor. (This only provides protection if the attacker doesn't control your DNS zone.) * Actually switch to HTTPS! * If this attack happens to you and you don't want to switch to HTTPS, run a legitimate HTTPS listener on your domain that clears the HSTS status and then redirects users back to HTTP. "Quickly" really isn't applicable in this case, though. If there's no HSTS record for the domain, - if it's HTTP, the attacker succeeds. - if it's HTTPS with an invalid cert, the browser will display a warning and not honor any redirects. - if it's HTTPS with a valid cert, we assume there is no attack (cert misissuance is an attack outside the scope of HSTS). If there's an HSTS record for the domain, - if it's HTTP, the browser will automatically rewrite to HTTPS. - if it's HTTPS with an invalid cert, the browser produces a hard fail that the user can't override (and ignores redirects). - if it's HTTPS with a valid cert, as above, the browser accepts the cert and we assume it's not an attack. Some people have been thinking about creating a standard to distinguish between the two so that captive portals won't have to do a MITM attack (that browsers currently correctly defend against). One idea might be to have a different protocol through which the captive portal can indicate its presence and declare itself as a captive portal, entirely or almost entirely outside of the HTTP or HTTPS session. Getting the UI right is pretty challenging, though. It's not even completely clear what getting it right would mean. Even if the user clearly understands that they're interacting with some network operator rather than, say, Gmail or their organizational webmail server, the user still has no way to know whether the portal they're talking to is actually operated by the operator of the network that they think they're connecting to! The instructor's observation seems to be an example of risk compensation: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Risk_compensation I agree with the concern and appreciate the solution that Qubes offers. It might be worth pointing out that some of the "hippies" also became concerned with this and implemented their own partial solution within the X framework decades ago -- the "secure keyboard" feature. You can see it in action: run an xterm, Ctrl-Left Click in the window, and choose "Secure Keyboard" from the menu. Now all X11 keyboard events are sent exclusively to that xterm, not to any other X application (even if the other application has focus). Caution: for these purposes the window manager is also an "application", so you won't even be able to Alt-Tab to switch applications while the secure keyboard mode is active! The X11 developers assumed that you would use the Secure Keyboard feature while typing important passwords. There's a pretty elaborate discussion of this in the man page for xterm(1). There, the threat that they're most focused on is remote display access from applications on other hosts, rather than malicious software potentially running on the local host. For example, the authors of xterm fear that you'll be using machines foo and bar in the same computer lab, and run "xhost foo" on bar, and then an attacker will rsh into foo and log in to their account there and then run "DISPLAY=bar:0 keyboard_sniffer" from their account on foo, whereupon the X server on bar will conclude that the remote client request from foo is perfectly legitimate because you told it to accept all X11 connections originating from foo. Of course the secure keyboard feature only partially mitigates one aspect of this threat, while Qubes offers a much more thoroughgoing and useful mitigation to a larger range of things. (I might also mention ptrace, where recent Linux distributions have activated a kernel policy which forbids, by default, having a non-root process start to ptrace another running process that isn't its child. I believe this was in response to malware grabbing private keys from programs like ssh-agent via the ptrace interface. Oops. It does also mean that you can't strace -p or gdb attach something that's already running, unless you become root and change the policy.) In general, the idea of protecting against software that's running locally as the same user is something of a novelty on most desktop OSes. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discretionary_access_control As someone who has been captivated by studying related languages and noticing similarities between them, I think the way that learning one language "helps" with learning a related language can be quite narrow. The main benefit is probably a built-in set of mnemonics for cognates (whether at the word level or the morpheme level). For example, if you've learned the Latin verb conjugation endings -o -s -t -mus -tis -nt, you have a useful starting point for memorizing the Spanish equivalents -o -s -ø -mos -is -n (which derived from them), or the Portuguese equivalents -o -s -ø -mos -is -m, or French -ø -s -ø -ns -z -nt, and so on. Similarly, the numbers provide good mnemonics: Latin unus duo tres quattuor quinque sex ..., Spanish uno dos tres cuatro cinco seis ... Similarly, if you know the personal pronouns in one Semitic language like Arabic or Hebrew, you've got a major boost for learning them in another because they're extremely similar: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semitic_languages#Independent_... But in each case you still have a lot of memorization because there will be sound changes and lexical changes that are not predictable a priori, include extreme cases like suppletion, where one verb partially replaces another. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suppletion#Examples In the programming context suppletion might be as if someone started implementing an API from one language and then decided to use a different API as the basis for half of the function names. I think learning many natural languages (whether related or not) helps because it builds up your conceptual framework and repertoire for how things can work, especially in terms of syntax and morphosyntax. For example, Indo-European languages have a wide range of ways of using participles and infinitives (some of them different from the ways that English speakers are familiar with), and seeing a few of these can help with understanding how they work in other languages. Or there's relative clause structure (like "the first foreign language that I studied ") and indirect discourse ("she felt that natural languages and programming languages were similar "), which are handled quite differently in different languages, and it's helpful to get a sense of some of the ways that these things can happen. Maybe a programming language analogy would be ideas like indexing starting from zero, which is not necessarily always used in every context in every single language, but which is an important concept to know about. Or list comprehensions or anonymous functions, which are again not available in every language but which are useful to understand. Or lexical vs. dynamic variable scope. :-) A given programming language can in theory make totally arbitrary choices about these things at the whim of its designer, but in any case it will probably do most things in a way that's conceptually related to at least some other programming languages that have come before. Here is the text of the bill that the Senate rejected: http://www.leginfo.ca.gov/pub/13-14/bill/sen/sb_0951-1000/sb... One thing that CTIA did while lobbying against this was to announce their "Voluntary Commitment" as an alternative: http://www.ctia.org/policy-initiatives/voluntary-guidelines/... As you can see from the reporting and the text of the two documents, one of Senator Leno's biggest disagreements with the industry is about whether the mechanisms should be opt-in or opt-out. An issue that I have raised indirectly on behalf of EFF is whether someone other than the phone owner has the technical ability to kill the phone, and, if so, whether the phone owner can reverse this on their own. Neither Sen. Leno's text nor CTIA's definitively answers this, and we haven't seen it publicly discussed very much. The worst-case scenarios for me are if a government can order a carrier to disable the phones of everyone who attended a particular protest (or everyone who has recently exchanged SMS messages with a particular person), or if there's a master list of keys sitting around on some hard drive that could be used to disable every phone of a particular model in an entire country. The "Find My iPhone" feature has to be turned on ahead of time, so one issue between proponents of the existing SB962 and the industry is whether these features should be deployed as opt-in or opt-out. The TV Tropes folks have categorized this idea as "Magic A is Magic A": http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MagicAIsMagicA The description of Magic Engineering in Ra is worked out pretty entertainingly, with people setting up university departments, research programs, companies, etc., to apply magic to things like manufacturing and transportation. Spoiler alert for Ra (no really, go read the story instead of this spoiler): Va gur yngre puncgref vg'f funcvat hc gb ybbx yvxr gur ernfba gung "zntvp vf erny" vf abg gung vg'f n shaqnzragny cneg bs gur angher bs gur havirefr, ohg gung vg jnf vzcyrzragrq va gur cnfg ol uhzna orvatf sbyybjvat n grpuabybtvpny fvathynevgl, lrg gung gur crbcyr fghqlvat vg naq cenpgvpvat vg gbqnl qba'g xabj gung gung fvathynevgl unf unccrarq. (Gur choyvp jebatyl oryvrirf gung zntvp jnf nyjnlf n cneg bs angher.) Gur rknpg ernfba gung gur trareny choyvp vf pbzcyrgryl hanjner gung gur fvathynevgl vf nyernql va gurve cnfg (be gung zntvp vf n uhzna perngvba!) vf fgvyy na rkpvgvat cbvag bs batbvat qvfchgr va gur fgbel, naq V'z dhvgr rkpvgrq gb svaq bhg gur nafjre. I think that would satisfy SB962 if it became law, though Apple and others would prefer not to be required to do this. I find the suggestion surprising myself, given how Germanic the German term sounds to me, but I decided to check in Kluge's Etymologisches Wörterbuch der Deutschen Sprache for the etymology of German "Stoff". Kluge says that it came from Middle Dutch "stoffe", which got it from Old French "estoffe", which had a sense of 'cloth, mesh, fabric (especially of silk)'. He says the word's "economic background" is the importation of silkworms and silk weaving from Byzantium ("where Justinian had brought them in 552 from the Orient") via Sicily and North Italy to France and Flanders, and that the "assumed" etymology of the word in Greek στυφειν can thus be "supported on grounds of cultural history". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_silk#Spread_of_prod... But other etymological dictionaries say that the origin of the Old French term is uncertain and may not come from Greek. And Kluge agrees with my intuition that modern German "Rest" also comes from Latin (restare, 'to remain'). What kind of access are you assuming the attacker has here? Modifying the ciphertext stored with Dropbox? Evil Maid attacks that I've heard described before typically involved modifying (unencrypted and unauthenticated) bootloaders or kernels, rather than FDE ciphertext, although I realize that's not part of the definition of the attack. Do you know if there are any effective forensic attacks in use against the TRESOR design? (I was one of the authors of the cold boot paper at USENIX Security, but I haven't followed the subsequent history of attacks and defenses very consistently.) Hi Steve, I remember the DMA situation from a few years ago being quite bad, and it looks like you or one of your colleagues has posted some good resources on that at http://privatecore.com/resources-overview/physical-memory-at... I realize that with PrivateCore you're taking quite a comprehensive approach to this problem and not bothering with more piecemeal counterforensic approaches, but I'm still curious about what counterforensic techniques exist for people who aren't going as far as you are. For example, can we make stock Linux deny memory access on external buses with a software policy, or is this simply not something that can be accomplished from software? I imagine you have good arguments for why the piecemeal approach is likely to fail in the face of an skilled forensic attacker. But many of the attacks that you described to me when we last talked about this were more along the lines of hardware-assisted Evil Maid attacks in an unmonitored and unsupervised colo, rather than forensic attacks against an unmodified encrypted laptop. I'm curious about how different the threat scenarios are between these two cases now. I'm wondering if tptacek is proposing that an attacker who can modify the TrueCrypt image on Dropbox can get either private key disclosure or remote code execution. (Actually, either of these here is likely to lead to the other.) This seems definitely achievable under some applications of FDE and some assumptions about the state of attacker's knowledge, but I don't know if those assumptions are valid in the particular case of TrueCrypt on Dropbox. CTR isn't an OTP in the classic sense of OTP, because you rely on the security of blockcipher. For example, if you used blockcipher=single DES, the attacker can break the cipher by breaking single DES by brute force. Indeed, even if blockcipher=AES256, the attacker can still break CTR by merely guessing key in 2²⁵⁶ operations. (Likely only one such value of key will yield meaningful plaintext throughout the entire multi-block message.) That is contrary to the information-theoretic security property of OTP, where the attacker can't tell whether they've correctly guessed the key. More to tptacek's point, if you're using the block offset as i, then if you write the same block 30 times, you used the same value blockcipher(key, nonce . i) each time. That isn't a one-time use of that part of the pad, it's a 30-time use of that part of the pad. It's extremely possible that an attacker who has observed all 30 ciphertexts can actually decrypt many of them in combination. In Boneh's Coursera class, we did it successfully with like 4 or 5 ciphertexts, and I've seen a paper that describes doing it automatically for the majority of the text with only two ciphertexts, assuming the plaintext is English written in ASCII. The example that I'm thinking of is if the FDE doesn't provide authentication and the attacker can flip bits of plaintext by flipping bits of ciphertext, and the disk is used to store software, and attacker knows what block a particular binary will be stored in. (The last assumption actually seems plausible if you an OS installer is sufficiently deterministic. Maybe the OS installers from hosting providers like Linode, AWS, and DigitalOcean are that deterministic, even if some desktop OS installers aren't?) Then you could flip bits inside of the binaries to convert them into backdoored ones. I have an example in a current presentation that I've been giving where a fencepost error in the OpenSSH server in 2002 (that resulted in a potential privilege escalation attack) was fixed by changing > to >=, which the compiler compiled as JL instead of JLE, which turned a single byte 0x7E into 0x7C. (That is literally the entire effect of the patch!) If you can find where on the disk that byte is stored and manage to flip that single bit back, you can re-introduce a particular security hole that the user believes was fixed back in 2002. There are probably thousands of such bit-flips that would produce exploitable bugs, typically by modifying or inverting the sense of conditional branches, but maybe in other ways too. (In cracking DRM in Apple II games, people used to replace tests or conditional branches with NOP, and that would still work to affect how security policies are enforced.) Not all encryption modes will let you do this attack, but I think that relates to tptacek's point originally that encryption software implementers need to be very careful about their selection of cipher modes and understand what kinds of attacks they defend against. Elsewhere in this thread sdevlin was thinking about how in a non-tweak mode you can copy ciphertext from one block to another, which means if you could cause a particular file to exist on the drive, and then you can modify the ciphertext, you can cause one file to be overwritten by another (if you know the offsets where both are stored, which you might be able to learn if you know exactly when both were created and could monitor the ciphertext sufficiently often). So for example, if you could send somebody an e-mail attachment that they would save to disk, you could later overwrite some other file (like one of their OS binaries?) with the contents of that attachment by copying the ciphertext block that represents the attachment over the ciphertext block that represents the other binary. This is one of the main reasons that tweak modes exist, specifically to prevent an attacker from recognizing or copying ciphertext blocks between different locations within the overall ciphertext. (Edit: sdevlin, not rdl.) I have a feeling that the social context for veganism is extremely different, in a way that can be difficult to imagine, across different social groups (different cities, age cohorts, ethnic groups, social classes, religious backgrounds, etc.). Most of my friends are well-educated secular urban middle-class 30-year-olds who are somewhat left-wing by U.S. standards. Most of them know dozens of vegetarians and at least several vegans. On average, they seem to view my veganism somewhere on a spectrum from "mildly eccentric" to "extremely admirable". When I go to other countries, I'm more likely to meet people who are surprised that I'm vegan. Some of them say that they didn't know that that was possible (!) or that they have never met a vegan in person before. I have also met some vegetarians and vegans, mostly from immigrant families, who said that they had to hide their dietary practices from their families because their families would be so upset about it. (When I went vegetarian 26 years ago, my grandmother expressed a fair amount of concern for my health, although she'd at least met other vegetarians before.) I think it's easy to generalize from our experience about how other people "normally" react to particular dietary practices, but our experiences with people's reactions (positive, negative, confused, hostile, indifferent, curious) may be a narrow local view. One time I had a discussion in Latin with a Catholic priest who worked at the Vatican. (I don't speak Italian and he doesn't speak English, so Latin was our best common language.) When he learned that I didn't eat animals, he cited Genesis 9:3 as a reason that vegetarianism was faintly ridiculous. It took me a minute or two to understand that he was absolutely, completely serious. After reading the original article and this whole thread, including some quite useful discussions about the security goals of disk encryption, I'm convinced that this is extremely hard (with XTS) under realistic attack scenarios. However, I've been reminded that a realistic attacker can do much more to an FDE volume than we would first imagine. So, I'm planning to try to play around with this to improve my intuition of how bad the attacks actually are. Thanks for the challenge. ... huh. Actually, suppose the attacker could somehow cause a very large number of file downloads to happen (with known sequence, timing, and contents). The Birthday Paradox gives the attacker a high probability of being able to see a pair of files from two separate sets of files (of different kinds and different origins) land on a particular sector at different times. When that happens, the attacker can then substitute one for the other. If we think of a computer for some reason downloading and storing a lot of "trusted" files and a lot of "untrusted" files, and that the attacker can see empirically where each file was stored, then when a trusted file gets stored at an offset where an untrusted file was previously stored, the attacker will be able to substitute the contents of the latter for the contents of the former. For this attack to be harmful, the untrusted file that was stored at that location just needs to contain something that it would be harmful for the attacker to be able to replace the corresponding trusted file with. For the last question, couldn't a sector with a bad MAC get reported the same way that a hardware failure reading the sector would be? (Maybe that would produce misleading error messages to the user?) > every time you alter a sector, you'll be encrypting data under the same keystream I'm not sure that everybody has developed the intuition that this is horrifically dangerous. Maybe point them to something like http://www.cs.jhu.edu/~jason/papers/mason+al.ccs06.pdf There seems to be a semantic problem here, though, because an infinite cellular automaton that applies rule 110 over and over again is Turing complete. Whereas this CSS application applies one iteration of rule 110 at a time in a way that the human user can then choose to repeat by pressing keys when prompted. I think the parent commenter was agreeing with you. The English idiom "could do with" (which I think is somewhat uncommon in California, where I live) means something like "could benefit from", "still needs", or "would like". It suggests that someone doesn't yet have the thing that they "could do with", but that it would be good if they did, at least from the speaker's perspective. https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/could_do_with "The Control of Nature" was fascinating. I read it right around the time of Hurricane Katrina, which adds a new resonance to McPhee's discussion of the Army Corps of Engineers trying to protect New Orleans from floods. That's funny, when I looked at the description on Canonical's page, I had exactly the opposite intuition. (I thought "wow, I bet the China-specific apps have no end-to-end cryptographic security, and I bet several are even proprietary".) Maybe it's a glass-is-half-full / glass-is-half-empty kind of phenomenon. Looking more closely, I guess the Lotus IM app doesn't support OTR (but neither does the official release of Empathy) and the Kingsoft cloud storage doesn't directly support client-side encryption (but neither did Ubuntu One). The name of this program is the "Government Security Program". https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/news/press/2003/jan03/01-14g... I found it odd that Microsoft justified the GSP in terms of the "unique security requirements of governments". I could also refer to the "unique security requirements of civilians": individual bearers of human rights, targets of espionage and surveillance by well-funded sophisticated adversaries, typically don't have large IT budgets... and if one "unique" part is supposed to be that Microsoft would be pressured to include a backdoor in its products to facilitate spying on foreign governments, well, plenty of civilians (including American civilians) fear that Microsoft would be pressured to include a backdoor to facilitate spying on them . (I would not use the term "open source" here, because Microsoft didn't make the code open source, it just allowed particular people to read it!) Jeff Jarmoc had a great talk about this at BlackHat Europe: http://www.secureworks.com/cyber-threat-intelligence/threats... https://media.blackhat.com/bh-eu-12/Jarmoc/bh-eu-12-Jarmoc-S... He described the risk of outsourcing cryptographic security to a proxy -- though he was more focused on the fact that the proxy might not be as cautious or as correct about validating certs as your client, rather than that the proxy might have a different ciphersuite policy than your client. But he does explicitly mention this risk, including the idea that the proxy may be using a weaker ciphersuite. (The example he gives is PFS, where your client and the server might both support PFS ciphersuites, but the proxy might not, so you don't actually get PFS.) In the specific case of Tor hidden services, using HTTP has been considered quasi-OK because the Tor hidden service protocol encrypts (using Tor's own transport encryption) through to the hidden service endpoint. That is, the HTTP is actually sent via the loopback interface from the Tor client on the hidden server to the actual application process running on the same host. Thus, virtually all hidden websites have used the http URL scheme with the .onion address. I think it would be more sensible as a matter of defense in depth to not rely on Tor's transport encryption for this purpose. I guess it's a fairly steep challenge for UI, though, because you currently can't get a CA to issue a certificate for a .onion name (although there is a remote possibility that this could change if the P2P TLD RFC is adopted and then the CA/Browser Forum agrees to recognize the P2P TLDs as legitimate subject DNS names in certs). I don't see MD5 anywhere in that certificate. I think that you are confusing the ciphersuite (which is negotiated dynamically between the client and the server on each connection, and is actually used to directly protect and authenticate the content of the communication) with the certificate (which is issued infrequently -- typically once per year or once every other year -- by a certificate authority and used to authenticate the server's public key, which is one prerequisite for secure session negotiation). The signature algorithm in the certificate itself is sha1WithRSAEncryption (try exporting the cert and running "openssl x509 -in their_cert.pem -text -noout" for a summary of the content). I also don't see RC4 anywhere in the cert. It is true that the web server is using RC4 to protect the TLS connections that it negotiates (probably inadvisedly!), and that MD5 is also used in its negotiated ciphersuite, but the use of these algorithms isn't specified, required, recommended, or assumed anywhere in the digital certificate that the server is presenting to authenticate the connection. Rather, the choice of RC4 (and MD5) is made dynamically during the ciphersuite negotiation between the client and server on each connection, presumably based on the (somewhat obsolete) server defaults that the bank has chosen. I agree with the previous commenter that RC4 can't be specified (or used) in certificates, though MD5 can be used as part a signature method within the certificate, but happens not to be in your example. Governments do directly use ad network tracking data for surveillance. https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2013/12/nsa-turns-cookies-and-... (I was a coauthor of this blog post, though not of the underlying press reporting. There was another article on this topic recently underscoring that there are other programs to use these cookies this way.) In this case the problem from the point of view of a user concerned with government surveillance is not necessarily the ad network tracking, but the fact that it wasn't protected with HTTPS so other people were able to take advantage of it for their own surveillance purposes. Unfortunately, ad networks have not generally responded by making HTTPS mandatory, or even optional. Apart from exposing users directly to government location tracking programs, ad networks often know that some users don't want to be tracked and deliberately track them anyway. http://www.techpolicy.com/FlashCookiesPrivacyII.aspx Sounds like a good time for users to adopt countermeasures. Defcon itself did that -- last year! We at EFF were really honored when he signed on to our brief on GPS tracking in U.S. v. Jones in 2011: https://www.eff.org/files/filenode/US_v_Jones/10-1259bsac_ef... (The position advocated by that brief was accepted by a minority of the court; the majority ruled in our favor for a different reason, based on the physical trespass against a person's car when attaching a tracking device to it.) Some commenters seem to be missing the detail that the linked page proposes turning off IPv4 on your personal devices , not on any shared infrastructure or public services, for one day as an experiment to see how much functionality you lose (and maybe motivate you to contact other parties to ask them to improve their IPv6 support). Mostly indisputable. :-) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antipope I did the two permanent room escapes run by Real Escape Game/SCRAP in San Francisco (in the New People mall in Japantown), namely Escape from the Mysterious Room and Escape from the Time Travel Lab. They were great fun. (My teams didn't manage to escape from either of them.) I also did their Escape from the Bank (themed after the aftermath of a bank robbery), where I think my team was the only one to make it out. That event is possibly less awesome because you're seated at a table in a big hall with a lot of other teams around you, rather than exploring small room all by yourselves. Now I'm looking forward to trying the games in New York City! Apparently there's an undocumented iOS API to let apps get some cellular base station data (though on iOS it additionally requires jailbreaking; I'm not sure if that's an app privilege issue or just an "Apple banning software that uses undocumented APIs from the App Store" issue). http://signal.kssh.ca/ Current IMSI catcher devices aren't routinely attacking the baseband, so many of their targets could probably detect them with judicious use of these APIs. Perhaps more to the point, there is an "IMSI catcher catcher" project based on Osmocom-BB: https://opensource.srlabs.de/projects/mobile-network-assessm... The downside is that you need a handset that can run Osmocom (almost certainly not the case for your current handset). The upside is that you can actually get plausibly credible data about the GSM base stations around you, including data that might reveal if some of them are fake. ... maybe there's a documented Android API for a subset of this information? http://signalmonitoring.com/en/gsm-field-test Interesting! I'd imagine that the data from this app might identify some kinds of IMSI catchers, depending on how they're configured and how well the user knows what to expect in their local GSM environment. Is there any way for the public to verify that the bounty can actually be claimed by doing the work? Or do they have to rely on the honesty of the person announcing the bounty? In other words, is there something that stops me from saying that a certain computation that I want people to do will allow claiming the bounty associated with a certain Bitcoin address, when in fact the private key is some completely distinct key that I control and that has nothing to do with the time-lock computation? I'm tempted to think that the reason for the difference is that Xanadu imagines documents as documents (without any code or code-equivalent to be executed by the browser) and not as part of a web application, and not with HTTP auth or cookies to convey authority to take or invoke actions. The web security model has grown up because of what you can actively do via a web app (authenticated actions), and then because of what web apps can do to each other (cross-site/cross-domain every-random-thing). In an era where Javascript was rare or nonexistent and where people typically "read" web pages rather than authenticating to them, it didn't seem very dangerous to arbitrarily include resources from one page in another. It's not clear to me to what extent Xanadu ever considered whether it wanted to be used to build interactive server-based applications with user authentication and authenticated actions, and, if so, whether it ever fleshed out a security model for that. I have worried about this incentive too, but they've just yesterday released some software that moves in this direction (though characterizing it as a special case for people who need extra security). But in the past I feared that they would even periodically update Gmail in ways that would break compatibility with browser-based encryption; I think the fact that they're publishing their own end-to-end browser-based e-mail encryption software shows that they're at a minimum willing to accept it as a supported feature. I mind being the target of surveillance (in fact, my job largely consists of advocating against it) but I think there are different communities and cultures of programmers, and those different cultures have different attitudes toward privacy, power, and authority. Inhabiting one or more of those cultures, we might not be very aware of the others. I read a bunch of people on Twitter and I was realizing just recently that almost all of them are people who are extremely suspicious of state power, extremely antiauthoritarian, and spend a lot of time trying to figure out how to learn more about electronic surveillance and thwart it. These attitudes feel normal and familiar to me, but I don't even have to look very far on Twitter to find people who are harshly criticizing them. So one thing I've been thinking is that privacy advocates, rather than assuming that all programmers share our values, should be trying to figure out why some communities of programmers came to value privacy (and be skeptical of state power) so much, and whether there are paths to spreading those values in other communities. I do think there is a massive double standard (which you can see from western media discussions of government surveillance in non-western countries, especially before a year ago). Government surveillance outside of the west is easily seen as repressive, invasive, and a sign of the lack of respect of states for human dignity. The U.S. State Department even funds efforts to help people elsewhere evade monitoring by their own governments. They have a new round of funding proposals open right now. (By the way, I don't mean to criticize these efforts; I think they're completely appropriate and beneficial, and I think they've funded some good work, from what I regard as benign motives. It's just funny to think about the way that different parts of the government think about communications surveillance when they're putting a different lens on it.) I've been to events where people confronted western government representatives about this issue, and they usually talked about the importance of being a liberal democracy, which, to put a pejorative cast on it, immunizes you from criticism for doing the same things that you criticize other states for. To follow up on this point, I went to speak at a couple of free software conferences this year and all the audiences at each of them took for granted that we should be scared about electronic surveillance and try to make it as difficult as we can. The other speakers and I never even had to say that . I know that there are IT events at which people think electronic surveillance is OK and even make a living doing it. The obvious example is surveillance trade shows like ISS World (which folks have systematically taken to calling the "Wiretappers' Ball"), but even attending mainstream and broad-interest security events like the RSA Conference, a lot of the people in the "IT security" industry are selling things that are aimed at monitoring: mostly for corporate networks and at least partly in the IDS sense, but in any case figuring out how to capture and analyze lots of network traffic, and often explicitly viewing end-to-end crypto as a threat. Somebody is working for the companies that exhibit at ISS World. Somebody is working for VUPen and Hacking Team and Packet Forensics. Furthermore, some of those somebodies feel that their work is intellectually interesting and even in a classic hacker spirit because they work hard figuring out how systems work. I'm happy stigmatizing that work (and I hope that people come to feel uncomfortable about working to enable surveillance!) but I don't think we can deny that there are lots of geeks out there who are doing that work, and who are often even happy and excited about it. One thing I think many people miss in such privacy debates is that Google knows things about you that you don't know about yourself. (Clearly the sense of "know" in each case has to be somewhat different.) For example, they probably know an enormous amount about your sleep habits (not just when, but where! ← from IP address data) and your travel (← from IP address data, not just Maps). There's plenty of noise in that data, but it's been collected over a long time. They remember searches and interactions from many years ago that you don't. They might know about a fight or conflict with someone that you had in the past that you've forgotten. Thanks to Maps, they might know about excursions that you've taken that you no longer remember. They may be able to determine things about the state or evolution of your relationships with other people when you're not consciously aware of those things yourself, in terms of patterns in how and when and how often you contact each other, and perhaps with what degree of affection or intimacy. (Obviously people often know a lot about the state of their own relationships, but they might not consciously notice certain kinds of gradual changes.) If there are inferences that can be made from your searches, they might be able to make those inferences when you haven't made them yourself. One example would be a disease that someone is trying unsuccessfully to self-diagnose (so they search for the symptoms), or a set of symptoms over a long period of time whose combined significance the sufferer never recognizes. Another example would be a person who has same-sex sexual attractions that they haven't consciously admitted to themselves, but that are evidenced in some of their searches or search patterns or clicks on search results. (Or just other online activity; there was research about figuring out if people are gay from their Facebook likes, and there must be lots and lots of correlates.) Clearly Google hasn't productized most of these inferences in the sense of making them available to advertisers to use for targeting. There are many possible reasons for that. Some inferences would require a manual analysis of data; some are too speculative and have too high a probability of error; some are too creepy or alarming to the user. This actually makes me want to start a separate thread: What does Google know about you that you don't? (What questions about you can Google answer that you can't readily answer yourself?) Historically, clearly so. But since 2010 there has been a "General License" for exporting "Personal Communication Services" technology (essentially based on the idea that individuals' communication weakens the government's hold on society, or, as OFAC put it, "are a vital tool for change"). http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/D... I don't know how the General License applies to cryptographic technology in particular. Paging Collin Anderson... I'd like to hear more of the story of how mesh supposedly avoids surveillance. I talked to a few people working on mesh projects (not Open Garden) who readily admitted that a spy node could join the mesh and monitor user traffic (even apart from the possibility of passive wireless monitoring). Does "secret web" here just mean "normally within your own city and not using someone else's faraway data center as an intermediary"? Or is there a stronger privacy claim? I don't see one in the Forbes story. I was a bit obsessed with that poem (and the fact that it leaked!) in high school. I still think it was well-done and love the theme of "the mechanism". I remember filling out that form. :-( I also remember checking into a Brazilian hotel, where they wanted Brazilian guests, at least, to specify their highest level of formal education (!), as well as profession, date of birth, and the city from which the guest arrived and the city to which the guest planned to travel next. I wonder if the last two are specifically meant to aid law enforcement investigations. The FTC held a workshop this spring about location tracking, particularly the retail analytics kind that this is calculated to thwart. I spoke there and was the person on the panel categorically opposed to the tracking (though I placed the blame on the wifi device makers for leaking a tracking identifier, rather than the people taking advantage of the tracking opportunity). http://www.ftc.gov/news-events/events-calendar/2014/02/sprin... You can also read the comments that various organizations filed about this: http://www.ftc.gov/policy/public-comments/initiative-516 You can get pretty good wifi pentesting functionality out of a Pineapple, currently retailing at $100. https://wifipineapple.com/ I think for the particular purposes of this investigation, the Pineapple would have made a fine substitute for the PwnPlug R2. Depending on your wifi card and drivers, it would also be possible to run something like Jasager or Karma on a laptop instead of a specialized wifi base station (although then you have to dedicate your laptop to the surveillance function instead of using it for your own regular laptoppy purposes). One of the nicest things about this article is seeing that the Ars reporter (Sean Gallagher) reported at least three information leakage bugs upstream, and the responsible parties have addressed them. How many news organizations can claim to have gotten security flaws fixed so directly? I just read the book Two Cheers for Anarchism , where James Scott describes his experiences of "anarchist calisthenics". He suggests, slightly tongue-in-cheek, that practicing occasionally disobeying laws in minor ways like jaywalking could help develop a disobedience skill that he might need some day for an important moral reason. I think in the same way that we who live in an exceptionally wealthy society often get little practice in giving things up, but that this practice might be beneficial. It's not a very original observation to notice how having so many resources and opportunities and conveniences available to us makes us feel more and more dependent and averse to every sort of inconvenience. As a vegan, I always find it remarkable how emphatically people feel that it would be impossibly difficult for them to go without eating animal products, or that they can't imagine how someone could possibly manage without them. Maybe that's literally true in the Aleutian Islands or the Australian Outback or something, but not so much in New York City or Portland, where one could eat in a different restaurant every day for a year without running out of vegan entrées to order directly off the menu. But there are plenty of resources and technologies that I have that my parents and aunts and uncles grew up and lived and worked without for decades and that even today most of the world's population doesn't use—but that it's hard for me to imagine life without. (When I visit friends in Brazil, they don't have a machine to dry their laundry, but use a clothesline, the way almost everybody in history has done it, and to my amazement the clothesline still works OK. It's not even much more labor, just more latency in the clothes-washing process.) The habits we form from being well-off and having so much access to everything we want, worry some people because they consider how something could go wrong and there are skills we might need that we haven't developed. (We might also feel more acute suffering from losing what we're used to; psychologists have documented that losing what you had is consistently perceived as a much greater cost than failing to gain what you didn't have.) War or social unrest or natural disasters or ecological disruption could strike middle-class city dwellers pretty hard because we mostly don't know how to grow food, how to fix things, and so on. But another consequence of our abundance of resources and choices, one that I think is more core to what the parent commenter is getting at, is that when we become dependent on technologies and products and resources, our demand curve for them shifts. The people who supply these things to us have more power over us in terms of extracting money or concessions, because we and then understand that we're unlikely to actually give up our habits. That has consequences in terms of the difficulty in resisting changes that harm us (a classic example is if an Internet service changes its privacy policy in a way that reduces existing users' protections; service operators know that very few people will stop using the service even if most users dislike the change). It also means that the prospect of boycotts over ethical issues that affect others is dimmer. Manufacturers think that there's not that much chance many people would actually stop buying something because of disagreements with how it was made. I think it would be amazing to have a culture where people commonly had the experience of successfully giving up a habit or a product that they liked quite a bit, without being forced to, just as a result of a conscious choice. My Catholic friends often do this once a year during Lent (the religious tradition in many communities used to be to give up specific foods, but many people today interpret it more broadly and personally pick something to give up temporarily—normally, something that they enjoy and that it will be an effort for them to give up). From what I hear, many people find it satisfying and empowering when they succeed. And following Scott's idea, it might be good practice for when you decide that you do have an important reason to give something up. I was also just reminded of the documentary The Century of the Self which I think I originally saw at Aaron Swartz's recommendation. The documentary took me by surprise in some ways because it seemed to start off with a familiar narrative about the benefits of individualism and economic growth in giving people more choices. But at a certain point it turned darker and described how marketers had understood that giving people certain kinds of experiences of choice and personal attention could be deployed as a means of manipulation. It's something like the advice I just read the other day that you can get little kids to put on their shoes by asking them which pair of shoes they want to put on . The question puts the focus on their choice while directing their attention away from the question of whether they wanted to put on shoes in the first place. The darker later parts of the documentary make me think that we have a lot of practice celebrating people's power of choice and freedom from constraint (which I fully agree with). We have a lot of recent experience saying yes when there's no reason not to. What we perhaps haven't been practicing as much is saying no at those times when there is a reason to. Another term for the "commoditization" that the essay suggests Apple is successfully challenging might be software portability. Or standardization. Or interoperability. Many of these discussions happened in the 1970s as people first became aware that large databases (then often called "databanks") were being built to store lots of personal information, and that information from one database could be combined with information from another via a database join. That raised the specter that information originally collected for one purpose could come to be used for a very different purpose. An important result of those discussions at the time was the Fair Information Practices https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FTC_Fair_Information_Practice#... which came out of two U.S. government studies on privacy during the 1970s. These principles include things that are quite similar to what this article proposes, including notice (of what's being collected), choice (about whether it should be collected), and access (to know what others know about you). The Fair Information Practices formed the basis for European data protection legislation, which has now been implemented in some form everywhere in Europe as a result of the EU Data Protection Directive and other legal instruments. (Of course the Europeans reformulated it and did not directly enact the original U.S. Fair Information Practices into law.) An interesting consequence of that is that most Europeans, at least in theory, have quite extensive rights against information collection that violates these rules (at least by the private sector). Many Europeans have been able to exercise these rights in practice to challenge data collection and retention by private companies, to see what the companies know about them, or to demand that companies delete information about them. Some of those examples have been mentioned here on Hacker News; the one that I found the most interesting was when Malte Spitz got his cell phone location records from Deutsche Telekom by exercising his right of access under German data protection law. http://zeit.de/digital/datenschutz/2011-03/data-protection-m... Anyway, I think these rights are quite similar to what this article is proposing, so I wanted to point out that there is a long history of similar proposals, and that the idea that technology was taking away people's practical right to control over data about them is something that's been a concern for some decades. By the way, the United States never enacted a comprehensive data protection law, despite being where the Fair Information Practices were first cooked up. They were never given the force of law in a general way, as they were in Europe; here in the U.S. companies can, in general, collect and use data in ways that would be considered "unfair" elsewhere. The main consideration in the U.S. is that the companies can't lie in their privacy policies, but there are few substantive restrictions on the private use and disclosure of data, outside of particular regulated sectors (like credit cards with FCRA, health care with HIPPA, and education with FERPA). There is extremely strong industry opposition to a generally-applicable data protection law here. Some sore points about data protection where it did get implemented into law: ① European data protection law is leading to some weird and counterintuitive results, recently including the Google v. AEPD/González case where Google was ordered to remove links to old disparaging (but accurate) information about individuals when users search for their names, based on the idea that Google was "processing" personal data about those individuals in an inappropriate way. ② Data protection often has major loopholes for government collection of information. (Government agencies, including police and spy agencies, very often are subject to privacy and data protection laws, but the application of those laws often means just that those agencies are supposed to deliberate about whether they think what they are doing is OK; if so, they can carry on.) ③ As this article and this discussion seem to suggest, notice and consent have become more difficult where companies expect to use large amounts of personal data routinely. The amount of consenting that users would be asked to do and the frequency with which they are asked to do it could become quite annoying and also decrease the likelihood that users will take the time to understand what they are being asked to consent to. (We can see this to some extent with the cookie notices on European web sites, asking users to consent to being tracked by cookies. Contrary to the mainstream view of web developers, I think cookie tracking is a serious privacy risk that users should still worry about in 2014 and that addressing this risk is pretty important. But we can see that the warnings haven't necessarily made most users better-informed or more cautious about cookie tracking, and many users are probably kind of annoyed that every site they use is warning them about cookies.) As a result of the last point, I heard a Microsoft executive in a speech say that he thought notice and consent were now obsolete and ought to be rethought. (This statement isn't super-shocking to Americans, who might not even have heard about Fair Information Practices in the first place, but it could have been something of a scandal if he had said it in Europe.) The executive gave the example of the number of different entities that are receiving user information when a user interacts with a major web site, and the number of different privacy policies that would be applicable to these interactions. He suggested that few users would even read the policy of the site that they're trying to visit, let alone the policies of third parties (that might receive user data as a result of embeds or as a result of business partnerships). I thought that preventing and discouraging some of those data flows was actually a goal of privacy protection. In fact, a lot of privacy software, including software recently developed by my colleagues, is actively trying to stop them, based on the idea that users don't know about them and that they aren't in the user's interest. https://www.eff.org/privacybadger Interestingly, the U.S. Supreme Court surprised many people in 2001 by putting limits on government use of infrared imaging. (They didn't ban it entirely, but they said that it would be regulated as a search, normally requiring permission from a judge.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kyllo_v._United_States This means that police may not be able to routinely use imaging technologies, including active radars, to look through the walls of people's homes. (Interestingly, this is a way in which police now have fewer powers than the general public, since in most places there are no laws preventing you as a civilian from using infrared imaging to look at someone's house.) It's quite clever, but I think the pedagogical function is questionable, because I don't think that the geometric interpretation will be particularly clear to players who haven't read these articles. The idea of the game seems to be to show people that public-key cryptography exists and can work, yet the actual method of creating the public and private keys (and the fact that the public key can be created easily given the private key and not vice versa) won't be especially obvious. I think it's excellent to try to find new ways to explain these concepts. Do you think there is a path for an ordinary player of this game to come to perceive more about the properties of public and private keys, and especially how the two are related to one another? You might say that there is an implicit ideology in what kinds of government activities people find interesting or concerning. For example, the Sacramento Bee has made great use of CPRA to find out about things that went wrong in the construction of the new Bay Bridge. Other people are concerned about government surveillance and send a lot of requests to try to expose information about it. Not everyone finds it intuitive that the ability of police to know your cell phone's location is a concern on par with the quality of the welding in the Bay Bridge. It doesn't seem that PuTTY has made very effective use of this or managed to explain the problem to most of their users. http://noncombatant.org/2014/03/03/downloading-software-safe... http://noncombatant.org/2014/03/05/followup-to-downloading-s... I guess I meant to compare concerns about the Bay Bridge with concerns over whether SFPD or OPD has IMSI catchers (or drones), rather than over whether any law enforcement agency anywhere has them. A very significant fraction of public records requests relate to something that the requester is concerned about or objects to or fears is being mishandled in some way. Deciding where to focus one's concerns and questions could be viewed as ideological, or at least ideological concerns help make particular topics more salient and interesting to people. By way of analogy, take a look at the series of questions that these journalists decide to pose to Victoria Nuland, then spokeswoman for the U.S. Department of State, about the activities of European election observers in Texas during the 2012 elections there: http://www.state.gov/r/pa/prs/dpb/2012/10/199824.htm Obviously journalists have the right to ask Ms. Nuland about anything that interests them, and supporting that right isn't (very) ideological (within the U.S. political context). But it seems pretty clear that the line of questioning that they were pursuing was inspired by a concern or belief that Ms. Nuland herself didn't share: that there was something improper or disturbing about European international institutions observing an election in Texas. If you share that belief, you might find the questioning pretty natural and obvious and even wish that it had been pursued a bit further and uncovered more information about the relationship between the U.S. and OSCE. If you don't share that belief, you might find the questioning perplexing or annoying, and be bewildered that the journalists didn't accept Ms. Nuland's perfectly reasonable replies. Sure, but if you run your own server, then the site's claim that there was "no download or install needed" doesn't apply to you. If you don't run your own server, the site's claim that "nobody, not even us, can read or listen into your conversations" doesn't apply to you. There's nobody to whom both claims apply at the same time! I read the claims on their home page as referring to the use case where someone starts using it immediately. (The benefit that they mention on the home page from open source is third-party auditability; the home page doesn't even mention the ability to create your own instance!) The developers might well be thinking along the lines that you describe, but I don't think that a visitor to the site is likely to understand the threats that way. Edit: Looking at https://subrosa.io/security I think it's even more clear that they're making these claims for their own hosted instance of their software -- and that's what people here are most skeptical of. I'm curious about the use of the terminology "code/coding/coder" as distinct from "programming/programmer". I've noticed that a lot of recent programming outreach and education efforts consistently use "learn to code" instead of "learn to program". How come? What connotations do they perceive? Are they intending to refer to a broader set of activities (including document markup, which I wouldn't refer to as programming)? Do they think that some audiences find the term "programming" to have negative connotations that aren't present for "coding"? That's interesting; did anyone have suggestions about why that should be so? I think you've confused copyrights and patents; the document you linked to is from the U.S. Copyright Office and refers to the copyrightability of game rules (not their patentability). I've often heard the claim that game rules are uncopyrightable but that they might possibly be patentable. Not necessarily true of every library system. (I know it's true of SFPL, but I believe not everywhere else.) That brings to mind this tweet by Eleanor Saitta on a specific instance where they actually are directly opposed. https://twitter.com/Dymaxion/status/464457530677420034 (It's a case where physical security and physical accessibility come in pretty direct conflict!) This brings to mind the plot of Isaac Asimov's story "Lest We Remember". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lest_We_Remember That title was also the inspiration for the title of a paper I worked on: https://citp.princeton.edu/research/memory/ Instead of somecommand if [ $? -ne 0 ]; then echo "it failed"; fi the parent commenter presumably wants to see if ! somecommand; then echo "it failed"; fi One is often able to inspect beyond that level. https://duckduckgo.com/?q=semiconductor+decapsulation The fact that these techniques do work fairly well for semiconductor reverse engineering is a reason that recent research on "stealthy dopant-level hardware Trojans" was scary. http://www.iacr.org/workshops/ches/ches2013/presentations/CH... Though maybe that's what your reference to the inability to "seriously" inspect chips refers to. :-) This research produces optically indistinguishable ICs with different electrical properties, which hinders optical reverse engineering. My impression is that there's still a semiconductor device reverse engineering technique which likely defeats this measure (FIB imaging) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Focused_ion_beam as well as some other microscopy techniques that might conceivably detect these differences, but that it's more difficult and expensive overall compared to optical imaging. How do these commands get invoked, and how do the commands get delivered to the individual cars? Is this something that people can invoke on the official Tesla web site after authenticating to it in some way, or is it something that people invoke on a web server running on their individual car? Just read The Martian recently. It was recommended to me as extremely detail-oriented. It is extremely detail-oriented. :-) Fun and engrossing if you like super-hard science fiction. (I sure seemed to, although I glossed over a few of the details in the middle.) I was going to say that Kerbal Space Program fans would probably like it, but actually now I really want to say that NetHack fans would probably like it. (What is the effect of breaking a +6 wand of oxygen scrubbing? What happens if you dip a cursed ring of radiothermal generation into a blessed potion of liquid nitrogen? How much nutrition can you get from a partly eaten food ration?) Currently reading Spoken Here: Travels Among Threatened Languages by Mark Abley and The Most Human Human: What Artificial Intelligence Teaches Us About Being Alive by Brian Christian. Just finished No Place to Hide by Glenn Greenwald, My Real Children by Jo Walton, The Martian by Andy Weir, and Toki Pona: The Language of Good by Sonja Lang (the official reference to her conlang, which I had already studied extensively from online references). Waiting for new chapters in the serial Ra by Sam Hughes. Possibly about to read Engineering a Safer World by Nancy Leveson. Calculating limiting reagents as if your life depended on it! I think it's strange to say that a project with source code published under an open source license isn't open source because it isn't developed in a collaborative way with public input. We need different terminology to distinguish these things. There are a number of closely-held and opaque projects that practice software development in a not-particularly-transparent way and don't solicit or welcome input from the general public. Their output can still be open source, though! It's just not what people have grown to expect. Historically, a lot of the Free Software Foundation's projects were like this. They didn't offer public access to their version control systems, the development was primarily done by officially FSF-approved developers, and they made (sometimes relatively infrequent) periodic official source releases with lots of big changes. Some people called these intermittent releases "throwing code over the transom". They didn't always specifically invite the public to take an ongoing active role (though of course outside developers did contribute patches). Another interesting example is NetHack (whose official Dev Team is famously secretive and slow to make official releases), and, until recently (except for the licensing problems) TrueCrypt. And, so I've heard, the Android Open Source Project. The article says The original idea behind “the commons” was that by everyone putting in a little bit we could build software better and more sustainably. I find this a little historically suspect. It depends on whose notion of the commons and at what point in software history. Some notions of nonproprietary software with rather long historical pedigrees include: it's culturally weird to restrict who can use software or for what; it's too much bother to try to restrict the use or distribution of software; end users deserve control and freedom when they use software; making software available for unrestricted use helps it become part of infrastructure that its developers and other people value; getting open source software out there helps commoditize complementary goods. And there are some rather concrete reasons that someone would want open source software instead of proprietary software even if it's not developed in a collaborative way at all . * Transparency about what the software does * The ability to do audits for backdoors, bugs, and malware * The right to fork the code if one's interests or judgments diverge sharply from the upstream developers' over the long run * Avoiding the risk of abandonware if the upstream developer goes out of business or decides to stop developing the software Just not indented properly. :-) The paragraph that followed that is quoted from the article. I think this is something of a continuum from actively hostile to external audit (proprietary EULAs and legal threats; binary code obfuscation) to actively welcoming of it (an open source project like Tor that will give advice to researchers who are studying or reviewing it, or other projects that try to encourage audits in other ways). I agree that it's much more feasible to read binaries than we tend to think, and that they're intelligible artifacts that many people do make a habit of studying. I just saw on the cryptography mailing list that some researchers have succeeded in using both SEM and FIB to see the stealthy dopants: https://eprint.iacr.org/2014/508 So maybe the dopants have to get even stealthier if they're to avoid expert semiconductor reverse engineers. :-) I don't follow this distinction, at least in terms of U.S. law. Every kind of entity can receive orders under the Wiretap Act, whether it's "regulated" or not. My friend who runs the server where I have my e-mail could receive such an order. Until the D.C. Circuit accepted law enforcement's reinterpretation of CALEA in 2006, ISPs were not required to buy or have wiretapping equipment, but they were required to comply with wiretap orders to the best of their ability. Tor node operators are presumably also legally required to comply with wiretap orders to the best of their ability. Does your theory suggest that ISPs' liability would have been different before 2006 because no specific regulation treated them differently from Tor node operators with respect to wiretap obligations then? Tor has a notion of exit policy, but it's only expressed in terms of permitted and forbidden TCP port numbers. This lets you, for example, decline to deliver SMTP traffic on TCP port 25. The exit policy can't list IP subnets (contrary to my recollection; I thought it could, and maybe it once did). A lot of government investigations of Tor users do involve the use of pretty mainstream, popular services like Gmail, accessed over Tor. Someone can access Gmail over Tor and send e-mails that provoke a government investigation. Huh. That looks like what I remembered, but I don't actually see any policies that use that form in the cached consensus. I was also struck by this aspect. The author seems to have some trouble empathizing with people who don't have the education, money, and connections that she does, and who are also being treated cruelly by U.S. immigration authorities (maybe also as a result of misunderstandings, clerical errors, cultural differences, hard-to-foresee technicalities, ...!). I guess in the author's situation I would also be shocked that immigration restrictions had actually ensnared me , who had never ever encountered any immigration-related troubles before -- even given my opposition to those restrictions, I don't expect them to have a concrete effect on my life. The government's position is that the rights that one has in an encounter with law enforcement don't apply in the same way during an admissibility or customs inspection prior to admission to the U.S. For example, they say that one does not have the right to assistance of counsel during these inspections. Jacob Appelbaum tweeted a lot about how he used to get stopped and questioned when entering the U.S.; they apparently never granted his request to have the assistance of a lawyer during these events. One difficulty is that the government's view is that refusal of admission to the U.S. (the border equivalent of deportation) is not in the same conceptual category as a criminal punishment. In fact, in their view it's not a punishment at all, just a core sovereign act of the state. I worked with some lawyers to write a guide about border searches of electronic devices. One question that comes up a lot is whether there's a fifth amendment right to silence during a border inspection (whether about one's possessions generally, or about one's passwords). My recollection is that the lawyers I was working with considered this question somewhat unresolved. A common assumption has been that U.S. citizens and permanent residents will eventually be admitted even if they are uncooperative with an inspection, but they might be detained temporarily and their possessions might be seized in some circumstances. People who don't have either legal status might be refused admission (right then and also in the future!) as a punishment for declining to answer questions, but the government might argue that it's not a punishment at all. Maybe I should emphasize that this is my recollection of what some people thought was likely to happen, and not a legal analysis of caselaw or an individual legal situation. But see, for example, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Border_search_exception CDA §230 could be amended to immunize intermediaries for all liability for copyright violations (just as they're immunized for liability from other civil lawsuits). Even in a notice and takedown system, the time required to act on the notice could be increased to ensure that the target has an opportunity to counternotice, and the counternotice could be made immediately effective, rather than effective with a delay. Some companies seem to believe that the "losing the safe harbor provisions" risk is in respect to that particular dispute rather than in general. If so, they can knowingly take that particular risk by questioning a particular notice. One of the biggest difficulties for "easy and secure" key exchange is that so many people want to be able to access private communications on many different devices. How do you authorize a new device in an "easy and secure" way without simply outsourcing the problem to an intermediary who is then in a position to attack you by authorizing its own devices? This issue has quite concrete implications for the security and convenience of lots of existing security tools, from GPG to iMessage to Skype to Firefox. They've chosen different approaches but the underlying problem and associated tradeoffs apply to all of them. On the bright side, there are now a lot of people exploring the space of possibilities for dealing with these tradeoffs. I think an even more significant thing in the XKeyScore code (in terms of the idea that "NSA targets the privacy-conscious") is the existence of a "documents/comsec/" hierarchy of fingerprints. I may have written some of the documentation that's targeted elsewhere within that hierarchy. It's probably misplaced to focus only on NSA in this respect, but if we talk about government electronic surveillance capabilities generally, they've been expanding through many agencies and parts of government. ACLU's recent focus on local police use of IMSI catchers is just one example; they started out as super-secret high-tech spy stuff and now local cops think they're super-awesome and are afraid they may to have to give them up if word gets out and the courts or legislators start taking a closer look. Electronic surveillance used to be more stigmatized in some ways, but it's becoming more culturally normalized as a basic government tool (at least in the culture of government agencies -- I hope not as much elsewhere). So you see it used in more and more contexts. I'm totally unfamiliar with the raw milk regulations, but I think that people who are concerned about them could reasonably worry that electronic communications surveillance will be used to enforce them in the future. Likely not by NSA itself, but perhaps through something that's in part technological trickle-down from NSA development or procurement. They have a finite budget and rules most of which, probably, they didn't write themselves. Can anybody make an attempt at explaining the content of "Axiomatic Characterization of Ordinary Differential Cohomology" further than the article did? I don't know any algebraic topology; the idea of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homology_%28mathematics%29 looks extremely clever to me but I can see where this subject matter would start to get challenging to explain. Thanks! I think I'll go off and study some mathematics. There's a growing literature and conversation about the tradeoffs between blockchains and the approach that CT takes. They are actually historically related to one another. http://www.aaronsw.com/weblog/squarezooko Ben Laurie (a co-inventor of CT) had some particular objections to blockchains, partly to do with the problem that the total computational power that is or will be brought to bear on mining is unknown and maybe unknowable. http://www.links.org/files/decentralised-currencies.pdf http://www.links.org/files/distributed-currency.pdf I'd like to actually make a web page that talks about the historical relationship between blockchains and other decentralized append-only data stores, as well as the points of debate and trade-offs between different designs, and the space of proposals that achieve consensus about the contents of an append-only record. Is it clear to everybody from the context whether he meant "pass it on" in the sense of "pay it forward" or "pass it on" in the sense of "repeat this message"? I was thinking first of the game of Telephone. "James Simons is a mathematician, pass it on!" Also not true in the U.S. (unless "not allowed to" means "the government has successfully deterred it" rather than "it's illegal"). I think this is kind of related to Geoffrey Goodell's argument from 2006 in http://www.sobco.com/papers/tr-06-06.pdf I was trying to remember who at Harvard had written about this and I think that's probably the report I was thinking of. Maybe I should also suggest his thesis ftp://ftp.deas.harvard.edu/techreports/tr-12-06.pdf The UK has the Open Rights Group and Privacy International. (ORG is focused on the UK, while PI is based in the UK but not solely focused on it.) http://openrightsgroup.org/ https://privacyinternational.org/ There's also the extra nostalgia from the fact that the hotel has the oldest phone number in New York City. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hotel_Pennsylvania#Pennsylvani... I'm impressed by djb's MCS 494 ("UNIX Security Holes") course. This was kind of famous at the time because students were taught to find real security holes in software as homework (and they sure did). http://cr.yp.to/2004-494.html http://it-beta.slashdot.org/story/04/12/15/2113202/djb-annou... I have meant to work through this. It is very focused on C on Unix. Garden-as-a-Service? That last property is what makes that entity a "trust anchor", and what DANE critics specifically don't like or want to get rid of. What's more, Firefox previously adopted a related thing that agl invented (HSTS preloads in general), so he has personal experience of their being amenable to this sort of thing. Nope. Two previous explanations: https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2011/04/open-wireless-movement https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/10/why-we-have-open-wirel... I hope to go into more detail about this elsewhere, but to me anonymity is a key point -- existing telecommunications infrastructure is very hostile to anonymity, both in its authentication and payment models. Open wireless networks at cafés, libraries, and so on are already much friendlier to anonymity. Broadening the availability of this kind of infrastructure could be helpful to making anonymity a practical default, at least for some applications. (I work at EFF and have contributed to this project, but wasn't responsible for EFF's adoption of it.) Edit: My colleague Yan Zhu and I have also been looking at the question of transparency in software development, including deterministic and reproducible builds as well as update mechanisms that make it hard for the software publisher to target users with malware. I think this project also makes for a good testbed for how transparent we can make software development and distribution. One thing that I did on the initial release of this project is making it get update manifests over Tor so that EFF can't distinguish particular users when serving them update images. I think Ranga spoke about this in his talk at HOPE, and I think it's something EFF will continue working on quite a bit. This change is partly because of web developers' push for a "richer" and more full-featured -- that is, closer to native code parity -- web platform. There's a spectrum in terms of how conscious web developers and web standards developers may have been of the privacy risks (and many people in W3C committees have worked hard to remove fingerprinting risks from their specs before deployment), but there's been a steady tension between privacy and new functionality for web developers in the web platform. Of course, things don't have to have been designed as tracking mechanisms in order to end up as tracking mechanisms. One of my favorite (?) examples is HSTS, which can be used as a cookie because you can tell a browser to load 00001.example.com, 00100.example.com, and 01000.example.com securely (while not mentioning 10000.example.com or 00010.example.com). Then if you tell a browser to load one-pixel images from the HTTP versions 00001, 00010, 00100, 01000, and 10000.example.com, you can see which subdomains it adds the HTTPS on and which it doesn't. (This risk is mentioned in section 14.9 of RFC 6797.) An important historical example that stuck around for a long time was the CSS history bug (Javascript in a web page could query to see if a link's style had changed to match the style of a visited link). An example that shows completely unintended tracking consequences were sneaking into web protocols a long time ago was Martin Pool's "meantime", described back in 2000. (He has a broken link that suggests that someone may have expressed concern about this back in 1995.) http://sourcefrog.net/projects/meantime And there are a lot of unintended browser fingerprinting effects from various UA properties that sites can ask about using Javascript: https://panopticlick.eff.org/ It's apparently possible to break many of these tracking methods, as the Tor Browser systematically tries to do, but you have to give up a lot of local history and a bit of web platform functionality. https://www.torproject.org/projects/torbrowser/design/#Imple... Given what I've heard about web developer pushback against fixing the CSS history query bug, I'm scared to imagine the response to trying to mainstream some of the Tor Browser's fixes in popular browsers! They do post the DMCA takedown requests that they comply with. https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Category:DMCA I wouldn't assume that the Foundation or the Wikipedia community would think that the existence of the DMCA safe harbor is a good idea or that it's OK that people invoke it against Wikipedia. Certainly the Foundation is very actively involved in pushing back against takedowns; notice that that page "does not include the numerous requests that were found to be invalid or otherwise inappropriate where no content was removed" -- presumably through the hard work of Foundation lawyers resisting those takedowns. I learned a slightly more elaborate version of the rule -- tekamolo (Temporal, Kausal, Modal, Lokal). This rule adds reason (Kausal) in between time and manner, so for example I expect if you were taking the bus because of the rain , you would want to say morgen wegen des Regens mit dem Bus zum Flughafen gehen . It's convenient (for speakers of other European languages, at least) that German grammarians and scholars were so influenced by Latin that the relevant technical terms in German are all directly borrowed from Latin. If they'd called it Zeit, Grund, Art, Lage, it would probably be a lot harder for both of us to remember! (Those are native German words for time, reason, manner, place.) The linked article says that they haven't been able to acquire one for testing. I've opted out over 50 times (and I try to help collect data about screening methods on FlyerTalk, though I keep thinking this needs to be organized better -- there are so many people collecting it in separate places, including different FlyerTalk threads and different web sites). I think it's interesting that the attitudes of screeners, as well as the thoroughness of their pat-downs, has varied so much. (Some of them have tried to talk me out of opting out, others have been very matter-of-fact, others have fairly vocally criticized the body scanners or TSA itself.) Three times there was another person opting out within my sight and at least twice I got to talk to a fellow opt-outer (opter-out?). As I recall, their concerns were always more health-related than privacy-related, unlike mine, so I had a bit less common ground with them than I first expected to. On two consecutive flights (more than a week apart and from different airports) I alarmed the ETD and got detained and subjected to multiple pat-downs and a hand-search of my luggage. I still haven't figured out what caused it, but I put my shoes and backpack through the laundry and it's never happened again. One hypothesis is that I might have gotten a drop of plant food on my shoe, which has made me much more paranoid about touching fertilizers. You can research this a bit on FlyerTalk -- the term favored by body-scanner critics for this situation is "SDOO" (self-directed opt-out, when passengers have a choice of screening methods based on which line or checkpoint they choose). SDOO opportunities appear to be getting rarer in the U.S. over time. TSA is also giving people an incentive to sign up for TSA Pre because (at airports that support it) the Pre line is always metal-detector-only. Right now they are "testing" Pre and randomly directing large numbers of passengers through the Pre line, but the theory is that it will be available only, or mainly, by subscription in the future, which includes some kind of background check. I'm not very comfortable signing up for one kind of government information collection to avoid a different kind, but people who don't like the scanners and don't have that objection might be interested in signing up for Pre. I think you're right (audio frequency doesn't appear in the formulas I found for sound energy), but I don't think the analogy fully demonstrates why, since it's also possible to have bright or dim light of a particular color! The issue about the energy of electromagnetic radiation depending on frequency is, if I understand correctly, a quantum issue. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Photoelectric_effect That is, quantum theory explains why there is such a thing as nonionizing electromagnetic radiation. I suggest sending e-mail to staff technologists at EFF. https://www.eff.org/about/staff Maybe rather than e-mailing every technologist, pick 1-3 of us whose previous or current work seems most related to what you want to suggest. :-) By that definition, a user drawing a picture is programming too! Especially if the picture is exported to PostScript. How does VirusTotal.com know this isn't a trojan? Wow, the examples in the SE discussion are awesome. I was aware of some of these linguistic issues, but the examples really underscore how subtle pragmatics can be. (The examples give completely syntactically parallel sentences that are pragmatically resolved in opposite ways.) That was actually the point I was hoping to make, but it can be hard to convey whether a question is meant seriously or not. This is a pretty real, concrete concern. http://mako.cc/copyrighteous/google-has-most-of-my-email-bec... (By the way, you can have this concern without thinking that Google is "evil": for example, you might think that it's risky to have so much e-mail in one centralized place and want Internet services to be redecentralized.) I've met plenty of non-profit privacy activists who share Mike's pessimism about web of trust authentication. Slate reported last year that IMSI catchers or similar technologies were "in the hands of the feds since about 1995 [...] widely deployed since the mid '90s". http://www.slate.com/blogs/future_tense/2013/02/15/stingray_... Wikipedia does suggest it was "first commercialized" from 2003, but that doesn't mean that the technology wasn't around even earlier. (Ross Anderson has referred to interference from governments in the security design of GSM, and the possibility of fake towers could well have been one of several things those responsible for the interference had in mind.) We've been invited to collaborate with that project in some way (and it "aims to be recommended by" EFF in the future), but I'm not aware of any announced collaboration between AIMSICD and EFF so far. What a useful way of putting it. Can you think of an institutional or cultural way to get people in the West out of some of their consumer credit traps? I don't think the lenders are going to help! The article's title is even stranger in context of what the article says, which is mainly that Google researchers were able to detect this kind of use, and were able to learn much more about the attackers' identities, methods, and targets as a result of this use. The article says they're now inviting other researchers to use the data for the same purposes. So in some ways it's a lot more like "A Google Site Meant to Protect You is Helping Hackers Attack You And Thereby Expose Their Affiliations, Methods, Targets, and Schedules to Security Researchers". I wonder if this got downvoted because someone read it as sarcastic. It wasn't meant to be so; I thought the parent comment was useful and I was wondering how to change the culture around consumer lending, which I agree has got a lot of people trapped (or at least burning a lot of their income on interest payments and fees). They might also capitalize on the "ugh factor" ("ugh, I have to pack this and make a shipping label"), especially for occasional or one-time eBay sellers rather than professionals. You probably already know about "Secure Property Titles With Owner Authority", but other people might not: http://szabo.best.vwh.net/securetitle.html I think Satoshi must have read all of Szabo's work! Long before the Bitcoin paper, Szabo argues that technology can supplant existing bureaucratic means of recording claims to property rights (but he notes that it doesn't directly supplant existing institutions for enforcing those rights, or beliefs about how the rights are acquired or transferred). I thought of this piece when reading this week's xkcd what-if: https://what-if.xkcd.com/111/ ("[...] you could edit all the property records on Earth to say that you own all the land and edit all the banking records to say you own all the money. But everyone else would disagree with those records, and they would edit them back or ignore them [...]") For example, there's NSO Group, which has exploits against common smartphone basebands and can use them to activate sensors in the device: http://online.wsj.com/articles/smartphones-become-next-front... http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2014/08/01/can-this-israeli-star... In addition to the use of IMSI catchers for MITMing calls and text messages, and the use of IMSI catchers for detecting the presence of devices, there's the use of IMSI catchers for delivering baseband exploits. There are a few different strategies for detecting IMSI catchers (though I'm not convinced that everybody working in this space has completely thought the threats through: some of the tools seem very focused on a single attribute they expect to see from the IMSI catcher). The mobile sites may conceivably still have proper encryption support, so if the feature you're looking for is "ciphering absent or downgraded", you shouldn't necessarily get false positives from them. There's now a front page HN item submitted by alexduggleby which points to https://www.sba-research.org/wp-content/uploads/publications... which is a new academic paper on catching IMSI catchers. Their Table 1 (on page 5 of the paper) lists 12 possible ways of detecting IMSI catchers. I suspect there are still others, but that list is pretty thorough! I would add "implausible service area overlap" (the basic case being seeing a tower of carrier A and a tower of carrier B simultaneously, when carrier A and B serve different countries that don't have territory within 50 km of one another). For example, there was a report that a Uganda Telecom tower was seen near the Ecuadorian embassy in London, where Julian Assange is staying. Even without a tower-by-tower location database, you could conclude that Ugandan and UK base station signals shouldn't be observed at the same location. Perhaps in retrospect this was an inappropriate choice of definition, at least for cryptographic operations. OS/language runtine should provide cryptographic key management routines that are correct in the OS/device context? Pretty different senses of "address", though! A street address or a cryptographic key. I think I heard of a timing attack that was introduced by CPU optimizations, not in the underlying code at all! But I can't remember what research that was and maybe I'm confusing two different issues. I might be thinking of some of the cache timing issues about sharing physical hardware with other guest VMs. There were papers in the last two years showing circumstances in which another VM on the same device can learn about secrets in caches via timing experiments. But that's a cache issue rather than a general pipeline issue. So I still can't remember if there's something else that I'm thinking of or if I'm just confusing it with the cache stuff. http://blog.cryptographyengineering.com/2012/10/attack-of-we... More recent stuff in this vein: https://eprint.iacr.org/2014/435.pdf (Yikes!) Surely Edwin Armstrong bears even greater responsibility in light of his invention of the superheterodyne receiver! I used to get the Powell's e-mail newsletter and I remember that the cat in question was called "Fup". (Unless you're thinking of an even earlier store cat.) Apparently she died in 2007, aged 19. https://www.powells.com/blog/book-news/a-tribute-to-fup-stor... You're right with respect to the exit node, but here the story is about the entry node. The entry node would not be able to see the traffic contents, because they're encrypted with the exit node's key. I helped make this diagram to demonstrate these details: https://www.eff.org/pages/tor-and-https There's also the problem that when communications companies think of security, they may be thinking of "revenue protection" more than customer privacy (that is, making sure that customers have to pay to communicate, and that they get billed accurately). Ross Anderson liked to point out that the crypto that some cell phones used to discourage you from using aftermarket batteries was stronger than the crypto they used to protect your voice calls over the air. He's also suggested that the crypto in GSM ended up more focused on subscriber authentication than on voice privacy. There is also now a source for the notion that governments pressured the designers of GSM to make it not provide strong cryptographic privacy: http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/uriks/Sources-We-were-pres... Here is a sad thing: Governments are STILL pressuring the designers of GSM to make it not provide strong cryptographic privacy. Like, today. We got some documents from ETSI only a couple of years ago showing that they are designing a cryptographic backdoor mode for the official GSM end-to-end voice encryption, which isn't even deployed yet. The use of the backdoor mode will be optional according to carriers' view of their jurisdictional obligations. Sorry, that last part is less on-topic for this thread. But in the big picture, I'm sure the people who are involved in those efforts are not making corresponding compromises in the billing and revenue-protection areas. The San Francisco Public Library also keeps no long-term circulation records. I really admire and appreciate this. They think it will make people feel more freedom to check out the books that interest them, without fear of what other people will think. That seems almost certainly right. I wonder if anybody has studied the effect of reader privacy on people's reading habits. (The experiment might be a little tricky to set up because the baseline level of interest in particular books, and baseline level of stigma associated with them, could vary quite a bit from community to community.) rdl has a few other fun reasons to have attracted the Eye of Sauron. Like that one time when he was the only inhabitant of an entire country. One account is in http://works.bepress.com/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1035&co... You might notice some discussion there of what counts as a country. For example, a network adversary can make a list of everyone who was interested in Apple's government data access policy. They can also tell which of those people accessed that policy from an Apple device, thanks to unencrypted user-agents. One practical use of that might be in planning future investigations. More generally, there was the report of an XKeyScore rule to identify people who were interested in Tails. It's hard to know what a particular network adversary uses that information for , but it's disquieting to think that, partly because information about OSes, privacy policies, and communications security measures is served up unencrypted, it's possible to profile people based on their platforms (or intended future platforms), interest in particular aspects of privacy and security, and technical sophistication. Because of TCP fingerprinting and unique file sizes, as well as sites that have information only or mainly about a single topic, it may be hard to fix this problem with HTTPS alone. But it's important to think of the fact that someone read something as privacy-sensitive even when the thing they read is available to the public. If you don't care for the communications security examples or they just strike you as too meta, try browsing around WebMD for a bit. Nothing there is secret or even customized for any particular user! An excellent use of an interrobang! I'm pretty sure that it's a matter of "sufficient pressure" and not legislation in this case, at least in most jurisdictions. Yes, I think several of the entities with rules against this are the largest mainstream daily newspapers in the United States. The Washington Post and the Associated Press have been reported to have this policy, for example. There's an enormous community of people who spend all their time worrying about the contents or behavior of Windows binaries. I've met some of them through my work, like malware analysts who deal with malware that's part of phishing attacks. The phishers will often prefer to create Windows-only attacks because Windows has such a commanding market share lead among most populations of phishing targets; in turn, that's what the people trying to defend against or mitigate those attacks will study. To folks in that sort of field, "binary" is virtually synonymous with "Windows binary"! I guess also historically most of the tools for creating, modifying, and examining binaries for a given platform have been native to that platform, rather than cross tools. That's surely because most people (with the exception of embedded developers) do much more native development than cross development. I can get a small number of packages on my Linux machine that will deal with Windows executables in some relatively shallow way, but I have tons of programs already installed that do complicated and specific things to Linux ELF binaries even though I don't typically use those programs on a day-to-day basis. The definition of states as entities that exercise a monopoly of legitimate violence is fairly mainstream in political science. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monopoly_on_violence That definition isn't only used by libertarians, though it's possible that libertarians are more likely to use the "violence" formulation rather than the "physical force" formulation. International recognition is possibly a separate issue. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sovereign_state According to some theorists, there are states that aren't recognized as states, but may still be states. They may actually rule territory (perhaps quite a stable way) but other states still may not recognize them -- most often because other states support a different claim to rule the territory that the unrecognized state rules. A familiar example in Europe is Northern Cyprus, where there is a state-like entity that has ruled a particular territory with no practical physical challenge for a long time, but almost all other states in the world support a different entity's claims to that territory and wish that the existing ruling entity would dissolve or be absorbed into the other entity. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northern_Cyprus And there are a lot of other situations like that, often with positions on the claims determined by other political considerations. I have a bad attitude toward Ubuntu's work on this. I also remember that their philosophy statement http://www.ubuntu.com/about/about-ubuntu/our-philosophy (which advocates that users should be able to exercise free software freedoms with "their software" -- I presume meaning the software that the users use) used to be easy to find from the front page. Clicking around on the home page today, it was far easier for me to find the Netflix announcement than an explanation of what free software is or the idea that Ubuntu supports or advocates it (!). I've sometimes asked Ubuntu folks about how Canonical's work with proprietary ISVs fits in with their commitment to software freedom, but I haven't gotten any explanation. I think one could take a position in between between treating invited speakers disrespectfully and endorsing their work. (It seems like that's maybe actually the position you're taking.) It would be great to find a way to articulate and strengthen anti-DRM norms in more parts of the technical community, so that people don't keep thinking of DRM as natural or inevitable (and so other people can see that there's actually resistance to it in the tech world!). I think it's been fixed now. I worked on this project and we've been quite concerned with this issue. I definitely hope people will come away with a clear sense of their risks and of what the tools do and don't do. I wrote most of this section https://ssd.eff.org/en/module/problem-mobile-phones which is about threats and risks which in many cases we don't have good ways to mitigate, and I tried to be fairly thorough. For example, we don't have an unambiguously good and convenient way to mitigate handset location tracking, burner phone detection, or compromise of baseband processors. So I hope people will read those parts too and get a sense of perspective! I also tried to make sure that the sections about PGP mention unprotected metadata, unprotected subject lines, and the lack of forward secrecy (compromising your private key will let someone go back and read your old messages). The PGP sections still need another editing pass to unify the content better across platforms, but a lot of those risks do get mentioned somewhere. If you can think of other analogous sections we should write about risks that are hard to mitigate, I'm glad to write them! And if you can find things in the existing document that you feel give people a false sense of security, please let us know and we can try to fix them. I realize that there's a pretty serious risk that any security guide will make people feel like they "did the right thing" and are communicating safely, then still get compromised. We are always struggling with the pull of "privacy nihilism" that would lead people to simply use plaintext communications over the Internet and GSM network because there are (for example) vulnerabilities in their OS or baseband, or because most encryption tools don't protect metadata. It's challenging to know what to say about risk when surveillance is a multi-billion-dollar industry and a lot of very smart people have made an entire career out of it. One point of view is that a lot of the mitigations really need to come from the platform developers, so desktop and mobile OSes need to ship with more crypto out of the box, turned on by default, in the default communication tools, etc., and hire a lot more vulnerability researchers. If you favor that point of view, I definitely encourage you to try to push things along from that direction too! I'll think some more about how we talk about that issue. If you have other comments on that page, I'd be happy to hear them too. Pidgin and Adium are discussed in the guide specifically because they can do OTR. The trouble is that both clients are probably quite vulnerable to remote code execution bugs arising from things like memory corruption. Hence using them might protect you quite a bit from someone recording your IMs, but also expose you to someone who knows about a specific unpatched vulnerability and can send you messages taking over your computer. The authors of the guide are very aware of this concern and will definitely be considering it further. I think there's a problem that at least one drive claimed at an ATA level to implement Secure Erase, and then didn't actually perform an erase of the drive medium. I'll try to find the reference to that. Wei et al. (FAST '11), discussing solid-state drives: "Drive B’s behavior is the most disturbing: it reported that sanitization was successful, but all the data remained intact. In fact, the filesystem was still mountable. Two more drives suffered a bug that prevented the ERASE UNIT command from working unless the drive firmware was recently reset, otherwise the command would only erase the first LBA. However, they accurately reported that the command failed. The wide variance among the drives leads us to conclude that each implementation of the security commands must be individually tested before it can be trusted to properly sanitize the drive." https://www.usenix.org/legacy/events/fast11/tech/full_papers... It may also relevant to mention the language-theoretic security research program ("LANGSEC"). http://langsec.org/ They've pointed out that the difficulty of parsing, and in a sense our overconfidence that we can just code up parsers for random languages and input formats when we need them, is a pretty pervasive source of security bugs. A lot of those bugs can occur when you have two different parsers that have a different notion of what language they're supposed to recognize, so it's possible to construct an input whose meaning the two parsers disagree on. That can have pretty serious ramifications if, for example, the first parser is deciding whether a requested action is authorized and the second parser is carrying out the action! I'm kind of sad about this because I love whipping up regular expressions to extract data even from things that regular expressions technically can't handle correctly. But there's a good argument to be made that this habit is playing with fire much of the time, at least in systems that will end up handling untrusted input. And the Shellshock bug is a recent example of the way that your intuitions about whether your software will "handle untrusted input" in some use case can go out of date. I'm a bit surprised that there aren't purpose limitations in the enabling legislation for the most controversial new government investigative authorities. The Wiretap Act has an explicitly enumerated list of offenses for the investigation of which wiretaps may be authorized: http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2516 The default is that a wiretap is not available to investigate an arbitrary crime. (Of course, there's been a lot of creep and wiretap authority has been expanded to more and more crimes.) This is based on the idea that a wiretap is uniquely and intensely invasive compared to other law enforcement techniques. I don't see why that pattern hasn't been repeated with other investigative authorities. In the case of section 213 of the Patriot Act, described here, the effect of the new law was to amend 18 USC §3103a http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/3103a to allow for "delayed notice" when a search warrant was used. But that section authorized the issuance of warrants for "any property that constitutes evidence of a criminal offense in violation of the laws of the United States " (emphasis added), that is, for the investigation of any Federal crime . Presumably it would have been easy for section 213 to have taken a Wiretap Act-like approach and said that the delayed notice procedure was available for investigation of crimes x, y, and z, but not other crimes. (I work with the author of the original article, but we haven't discussed this topic.) If you look upthread, you can see these are probably false positives due to the image names of the corporate logos (see the note from 'thisisparker). The EFF site tries to be very careful about embeds and not serve scripts or images from third-party sites. For example, YouTube embeds there use youtube-nocookie.com with a click-to-load wrapper so that users have to affirmatively choose to interact with the YouTube servers. That's described at https://www.eff.org/pages/mytube-limit-privacy-risks-embedde... The lead author (Andreas Bogk) presented an earlier version of this work at the Chaos Communication Camp in 2011 ("Certified Programming With Dependent Types"). http://events.ccc.de/camp/2011/Fahrplan/events/4426.en.html I went to that talk, and found it to be probably the most advanced and difficult math lecture I'd ever attended! (I was very grateful to see such mathematical sophistication brought to bear to protect PDF users, which is almost all of us.) I guess another way of phrasing the original article's claim is that although communities do form, they have no straightforward way to exclude strangers, interlopers, and even griefers: and except for incessant use of hashtags (which could eat up valuable space), there's no simple way for a person who is part of multiple communities to direct comments to only one community. That's a recipe for both serendipity and uncomfortable moments (or worse) if someone has strong opinions on, say, computer science, religion, and animal rights. People who chose to follow them over one thing will constantly see their opinions on other things. That might be great under some circumstances because it will promote more interesting and broader discussions or lead people to learn about ideas that they wouldn't have naturally come across in their own filter bubble. But it might produce some serious disruption in the conversation too, especially if that person's views are offensive or upsetting to some readers. I know a Twitter user writes a lot about computer science and a lot about sex and sexuality. I find both sets of posts frequently insightful, but the latter would be off-topic in a forum devoted only to computer science, and they do sometimes produce offense. It seems like the best case for avoiding really bad forms of conflict is when a group of people tweet almost exclusively on a single topic that outsiders don't find upsetting or offensive (or simply don't know about). But a lot of people do want to have at least some discussions that others will inevitably be offended by, and the broadcast medium can be a challenge for that if you didn't want to get into it with the strangers (or for that matter have some of them insult you, threaten you, or even dox you). An example: I remember a blog written by an Orthodox Jew on theology and also cultural and political issues within the Orthodox community. Periodically commenters would come by who would take exception to gender relations in the Orthodox world, or to the idea that there is a God who created the world and revealed his will to the Jewish people, who are uniquely continuing to follow it. The author would ban these commenters. His theory was that people are entitled to debate those topics somewhere, but that he wanted to have productive discussions on his blog with people who shared his basic premises. It's easy for me see two different points of view about this: that it creates a "filter bubble" of the sort described by Eli Pariser, where the Orthodox (and people with other beliefs, for that matter, in their own blog communities) never see their faith questioned, and have a subjective experience that their beliefs are "normal" and don't hear about the substance of criticisms or objections to them. Or that it actually allows discussions about the topics that the audience of that blog mainly wants to discuss, without having every single thread turn into a debate about the existence of God, whether the Torah is divine, and whether Orthodoxy should adopt gender egalitarianism. I think one idea here is that Twitter only makes one of these two options practical: the one where every thread can conceivably go off in the direction of a bunch of strangers saying that your basic beliefs are wrong (or even that you are a bad person). Yes, I think that's right. And some unmoderated mailing lists and newsgroups have also favored that approach (with killfiles), but even there there is potentially a stronger threshold for joining (you have to deliberately subscribe to the list or group) and stronger recourse for extreme misbehavior (at least on mailing lists, where someone can be banned from the list). I guess that helps quite a lot in preventing group conflicts from getting out of hand accidentally. It seems like a weaker control if someone is deliberately trying to get involved in a conversation where other people would see them as unwelcome. I thought I might dislike this article because I support free migration (and probably share some views with the libertarian expatriate who at first seems to be getting set up as the article's bogeyman). But I was impressed that the article didn't really go there; instead, it uses his experience as part of a pretty compelling observation "that borders exist more for some people than they do for others". And that's absolutely right. I've visited 23 countries and never had a hitch, hassle, snafu, or anybody questioning my presence or right to travel there. Whereas I have known people who grew up in the U.S. but lived in fear of deportation because they came here at age 1 instead of age 0. And when I helped a medical student from West Africa with his travel itinerary to the Caribbean (which I think was his only experience with international travel), he ended up getting deported all the way back to his home country for lack of a transit visa for one of his connections -- a visa that there's no chance I would have been asked for, let alone deported over. (He had to buy a whole new itinerary and fly across the Atlantic a third time, figuring out how to avoid connecting through that country.) My coworkers think of Caribbean island nations as a great place to go on honeymoon; the not-actually-the-bogeyman libertarian activist in the article thinks of them as a great place to expatriate; and West African students think of them as "which one won't deport me on my way to school this time?". You could do it by going to the U.S. to give birth, assuming that the other countries of citizenship didn't then deny it to the children as a result. I think the parent commenter knew that, but assumed that the original commenter doesn't currently live in the U.S. If that's the case, getting U.S. citizenship for their descendents could require a more difficult and expensive trip to give birth inside the U.S. I think the deportation was actually by transit country A because of his lack of a transit visa for transit country B. Country A didn't initially require a transit visa, but perhaps the airline did discover a potential problem, whereabout country A migration officials seem to have said "oh, well, if you don't have a plan for how to get out of country A promptly, we're sending you back to your home country". His original itinerary involved six countries and four separate airlines across two bookings, so I don't think that's inconsistent with what you said. I think you might be reading the "provided" differently than the drafter intended. I think you're parsing "provided" as meaning "so long as" or "only when". I think the drafter intended for it to mean "additionally". I realize that "provided that" in common speech more often means "so long as" or "only when", but "provided, that" or "provided: that" in statutory text could be read as simply introducing an additional and slightly indepedendent statutory provision. I think the comma is significant here for encouraging this reading. Ross Anderson has an interesting recent paper on network effects in surveillance partnerships. http://weis2014.econinfosec.org/papers/Anderson-WEIS2014.pdf "My first big point is that all the three factors which lead to monopoly—network effects, low marginal costs and technical lock-in—are present and growing in the national-intelligence nexus itself. The Snowden papers show that neutrals like Sweden and India are heavily involved in information sharing with the NSA, even though they have tried for years to pretend otherwise." "[P]layers in an intelligence network may come to see their relationship with the other agencies as their key asset [...]" Lots of other interesting things there. Communication without that symbol is not so difficult if you work for it. I can usually do it orally if I try, although it's most straightforward with typing. As HN participants might know, lipography is a strong tradition which boasts many amusing artifacts (including famous books, of which Christian Bök's is most obviously worth buying). I'd think things would go similarly with Javascript. :-) If you don't want AJAX and local tasks such as validation, you can still construct practical stuff without it. (Most of my oral discussions with folks work practically without using Javascript... I'm not as optimistic about my browsing, though!) Thanks! How I'd say that: "Good job! I sought to say what I thought about your post in a similar fashion, but I found it wasn't as straightforward in actuality as it was in my anticipation." This constraint is not what you could call most hard of all constraints that folks can comply with in writing. Many moons ago, I had many chats with a smart woman (an IT industry analyst, nowadays a VC!) using only four-symbol words (words just as long, or just as short, as "full" and "with"). All right, it wasn't always an option for us to comply fully with standard grammar; a substantial fraction of our writing did consist of partial phrasings (lacking a noun, or lacking an additional pars orationis , as folks would say in Latin -- say, "good work" and not "that's a good job"). Still, that woman and I could chat for a fairly long duration in this fashion, about a surprisingly broad array of topics. I wish I had logs of our chats now, inasmuch as that constraint is fairly hard... I do think I said "Good Airs" in such a chat as a way of naming a capital city of a country south of Brazil. But much that I said is hard to think of now. Well, I'm sure you used "will be" advisedly -- until the improvements you mention come about, TLS to hidden services is valuable even though Tor already provides transport encryption. The keys in question aren't really appropriate for modern cryptographic practice, as the Tor developers have been acknowledging. I wrote a little more about this at https://lists.torproject.org/pipermail/tor-talk/2014-October... I didn't mention the part about how the public keys are 1024-bit RSA, but it adds to the sense that native hidden service transport encryption is using dated crypto. Yup, I had a lot of fun with it in 2013. Also, at MIT's annual January puzzling match, I had fun solving this most-common-thousand-words thing (it has a list of cool stuff that you can study at MIT if you want to know how to build flying things... but all in most-common-thousand-words-only fashion). http://www.mit.edu/~puzzle/2013/enigmavalley.com/you_will_no... Its solution is at http://www.mit.edu/~puzzle/2013/enigmavalley.com/you_will_no... I thought it was a Hunt classic and did honor to xkcd too. I think it's significant that you switched the parent commenter's "something they consider immoral" to "something you don't like". It does sound pretty mild if it's something you just don't like for mild aesthetic or taste reasons. That's definitely not the way many people think about some of the things that they don't eat. It also stops generating primes for n=40. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Formula_for_primes#Prime_formu... What we usually do for cryptographic key generation is finding probable primes, which can be found very efficiently. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Probable_prime The "openssl prime" command implements a probabilistic primality test that is used inside OpenSSL itself when generating cryptographic keys. You can use that same test to generate probable primes. https://www.madboa.com/geek/openssl/#prime Cryptographic keys that you use every day were generated in this way. For instance, the RSA modulus used for the Hacker News web site's HTTPS connection, over which you're reading this post right now, is 222509016795827497794083812831165961379247188961631875655725 097731134045330167937771236763198018821568432886298645744801 658852523304856266339353987508075113064105224649582744138410 510146575813098669176961919590643797014537786653110907775848 477867599116878297173259789693988510658470208808013230939561 018388391347262551003631143383727180887481292553673932217061 748044722300591830836145085835960246785127848933591684137542 631145040567308149003134261726643696478658524574120987942443 039450801995433458255131154946204465423021984216778361565845 434891950126041285345326571981150902538433621893316105896120 78998701064492853 This was generated by someone (probably using "openssl genrsa" or something that indirectly invoked it) using probabilistic primality tests to generate two numbers p and q which were multiplied together to create that modulus. You might worry that some of the p and q values used for some crypto keys are actually composite (perhaps semiprimes, which actually have two prime factors of their own). That's theoretically possible, but it's incredibly unlikely if you believe that the probability estimates provided by the probabilistic tests are correct, since you could set the probability to be below 1/2⁵⁰⁰ or whatever. The idea is that it's reasonable to use things that are merely probably correct if you can set the probability that they're wrong to be well below the probability that something else in the system has already failed in a worse way (such as a cosmic ray causing a bit flip in the private key parameters that caused them to be composite). So to summarize, we can already find large primes very quickly (and quickly enough to generate the crpyto keys we want), we're just not sure that those primes are prime, but we're sure enough to use them! Now there is also the EFF Cooperative Computing Awards (which I run), where if you can find and prove really large primes, like world-record size, you can win cash prizes. https://www.eff.org/awards/coop There is a reference in The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time that may be intended to allude to this and seems to be based on the idea that these large primes would be useful for cryptography. (The protagonist says that you're supposed to send your huge primes to the CIA for a cash reward. Whereas our prize does require that you publish your primes first...) A lot of people who contact us are a bit confused about the relative sizes of the primes involved. To generate a 2048-bit RSA modulus (the main component of a 2048-bit RSA public key), you need two 1024-bit primes. I just generated such a prime, which was 153177856694500434587513500139248340308937876686459991440575 509272451197058639489829675301493324370461576756305322222646 365872282776312608964726803114536076295854994471249141723824 310821111109394983308072557413772787885400112845231154620813 572050991182667139586732160443583213692240495599715288955030 782261199 This prime is 309 digits long (it is a probable prime, not a proven prime). It's perfectly serviceable for industry-standard cryptographic applications (though not really for use in a private key anymore now that I've published it on Hacker News -- you shouldn't publish your private key parameters on discussion forums). The primes needed to win our awards are 1000000 digits (already awarded), 10000000 digits (already awarded), 100000000 digits (still available), and 1000000000 digits (still available). It's incredibly hard to do calculations with numbers of these sizes -- for example the last one would occupy 3.32 billion bits of RAM, or over 415 megabytes -- and there's no known cryptographic algorithm that could usefully use them for anything. Of course, primes this big are found with special techniques that are only applicable to numbers of special forms. Those techniques couldn't be used to test the primality of arbitrary numbers, only certain specially-chosen numbers. The current special-form primality testing champion is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucas%E2%80%93Lehmer_primality... Edit: Added spaces to break up the large integers above to avoid messing up the formatting of the page. Edit 2: corrected "pseudoprime" to "semiprime". I think n² grows quadratically rather than exponentially. We are working on a workaround for this: https://github.com/EFForg/starttls-everywhere I'm not sure one could say that this makes STARTTLS non-broken, but it will help mitigate the MITM risk. The Tor Browser developers have all of this as an explicit goal: https://www.torproject.org/projects/torbrowser/design/ They still have more work to do to get there, of course -- it's a challenging target! I bought a developer kit at the time this came out and I was hoping to program it to act like a tiny storage device to copy files from one machine to another (like today's USB flash drives). I never got around to learning to use the SDK and toolchain -- and definitely didn't know enough crypto at the time to try to use it for some of the intended authentication applications! I guess a lesson of the intervening decade and a half has been that almost nobody knows enough crypto for the applications they're trying to develop. :-( Wait, what? The paper says that NetFlow is not optimized for this kind of attack, that it is merely representative of flow data available from core routers in general ("traffic monitoring functionality built into the routers of major IXs and ASs, such as Cisco’s NetFlow"), and that you have to do research to figure out how to make it work. The authors aren't saying that Cisco intended to facilitate traffic analysis attacks against users, or that using Cisco routers in a network you set up makes you or your users more vulnerable to traffic analysis attacks by other people. I'd love to see much more research on new approaches to anonymity, but it's also important to understand the tradeoffs. In the face of active attacks like this one, it seems that a network needs to be synchronously padded (all participants and potential participants always transmit and receive at a fixed speed, regardless of whether they're communicating or not) or else high-latency (you wait a long time to forward communications far enough through the network that they genuinely could have been from anyone in a large population based on detailed traffic statistics). Even the padded versions might be vulnerable to an adversary who can actually disrupt or degrade people's connections (to prevent particular nodes from sending or receiving the amounts of traffic that they're expected to by the protocol). Even a very successful Kickstarter project isn't going to provide a path to escape these tradeoffs. A recent piece from Alvaro Bedoya on the very real things that people have had to hide in American history: http://www.slate.com/articles/technology/future_tense/2014/1... The current Panopticlick measurements are not as numerically accurate as they were were it was first created. That's because the commonness of the things that it measures changes over time (for example, how common it is to have a particular browser version) and the Panopticlick site took a lot of measurements from the public when it was first released, but is taking comparatively few now. However, it's still calculating the statistics based on a database of everyone who has ever visited the site. Also, Panopticlick hasn't been updated with some possible distinguishing measurements that have been identified since it was created. In that sense it was always meant as a lower bound on uniqueness, and should still be understood that way. I think language was meant in the sense of 'text, utterances'. In that sense, your reply (and my reply to your reply) have created more language. Should be in rem (against a thing) instead of in re (in a matter) in this case. The Latin preposition in can take the accusative case, in which case it means 'into, onto, against' or the ablative case, in which case it means 'in, inside of'. We will look for ways to mitigate the risk of misissuing for any reason, including because someone tries to coerce us to misissue. One approach to this that's interesting is Certificate Transparency. http://www.certificate-transparency.org/ There's also HPKP, TACK, and DANE, plus the prospect of having more distributed cert scans producing databases of all the publicly visible certs that people are encountering on the web. Yes. This CA will be cross-signed. No, it will be cross-signed and provide the chain so that it will work immediately in all mainstream browsers. We're putting out a protocol for requesting certs and validating domain control (that our new CA will support -- and we'll be cross-signed to work in all mainstream browsers) and we've already written a client for it that integrates with Apache and can edit your Apache config. If you're comfortable editing your own Apache configs, then you'll only need to use the client to obtain the cert and not to manage its installation long-term. (The client does need to reconfigure the web server while obtaining the cert as part of the CA validation process.) The protocol is openly published, so you can write your own client too, or follow the protocol steps manually -- or any web server developer or hosting platform can develop their own alternative client. There does need to be some client to speak the protocol, but there's no attempt to force you to use it to manage your certs and configs if that's not what you want. The convenience is aimed at people who don't understand how to install a cert, or who think that process is too time-consuming. It's primarily because of the interactive challenge to prove that you control the domains you're requesting the cert for. If you want, the client can just give you the cert at the end instead of installing it. In the common case for a user who's not currently comfortable with the process, the client is automating several things -- generating a private key and CSR, proving control of the domain, and installing the key and cert in the server. Certificate Transparency tries to solve the Byzantine Generals problem (up to high levels of collusion). Take a peek at their design -- it's pretty interesting! It does rely on the legitimate site owner actively checking the records to notice the misissuance. Maybe that process could be automated somehow. There are lots of different barriers to adoption. With this project we are attacking several of them at the outset, including the cost of obtaining a certificate, and the inconvenience or difficulty of obtaining and installing it for users who don't do that every day. Because of the open protocol we also aspire to support users with more complex configurations and requirements, who are absolutely welcome and encouraged to write their own implementations of the protocol and integrate with their own existing certificate management and configuration methods. If you think of other barriers to adoption that we can help with, please let us know and we'll try to address them; if you just want our certs for free, please get them and enjoy! Oh, our software does NOT send the private key to the CA. Never never never never. The point of having it manage the keys is not to give us access to them, it's to be convenient for the end-user, on the end-user's own system, under the end-user's control. You can tell because our software is open source, written in Python. https://github.com/letsencrypt/lets-encrypt-preview We expect the users to get this software from their operating system repos, like from the Debian package repository -- the very same place they get their Apache or Nginx packages. We are not asking people to get the software directly from us, or to use it without being able to read it and check that it's safe and does what they want. Edit: And if you want to implement your own client, we encourage you to do that -- the more clients the merrier! We intend to have a WebTrust audit, just like other CAs do. That's quite a painful spike indeed, but fortunately we'll be cross-signed by IdenTrust. The extent to which this is true depends on browser behavior. With some browser behavior self-signed certs could make some users safer against some threats; with other browser behavior they could make some users more vulnerable to some threats. An opportunistic privacy solution with no legacy installed base to worry about is tcpcrypt: http://www.tcpcrypt.org/ So if anyone wants to make progress on opportunistic unauthenticated encryption without having to fight about UA behaviors, tcpcrypt may be more fertile ground than self-signed certificates. Four things: (1) You can do the attack you describe today with existing CAs that are issuing DV certs because posting a file on the web server is an existing DV validation method that's in routine use. (2) There is another validation method we've developed called dvsni which is stronger in some respects (but yes, it still trusts DNS). (3) We're expecting to do multipath testing of the proof of site ownership to make MITM attacks harder. (But as with much existing DV in general, someone who can completely compromise DNS can cause misissuance.) (4) If the community finds solutions that make any step of this process stronger, Let's Encrypt will presumably adopt them. I use this example myself quite a bit, although we've also got to figure out the distinguishability from page sizes issue. Different Wikipedia pages are different sizes, and they're still different sizes when they're encrypted. One interesting idea I heard from someone recently is tuning compression so that you target a small number of total page sizes -- rather than padding to expand pages to the same sizes, just don't compress them all quite as well as you could have. Well, the best example I know of is proposals to do opportunistic upgrades from HTTP to HTTPS, for example via a browser header in the HTTP reply. If the browser performs the opportunistic upgrade, and negotiates an HTTPS connection behind the scenes, and doesn't tell the user that the connection was served over HTTPS , then accepting a self-signed cert invisibly in this context makes the user no worse off than not performing the upgrade (and better off against an adversary who's not currently performing an active attack). I forgot what the current status of drafts proposing this is. Amazingly, I found that Rohit Khare described a form of this mechanism way back in 1998 (so it's not a super-new concept). I agree that the certificates don't serve any useful function in this scenario; they might be required pro forma, but they aren't actually doing anything helpful. The thing that's causing the delay is not the client software development, it's the need to create the CA infrastructure and then perform a WebTrust audit. If we were ready on the CA side to begin issuing certificates today, we would be issuing them today. Thanks, I didn't realize that process was so far along! It might still be challenging to get large sides to adopt padding that will increase the amount of traffic they send (of course, the idea of reducing the efficiency of compression has the same net effect). But it's great to know that there's already a tool in place for traffic padding, at least in some implementations. It's initially cross-signed by IdenTrust, which has wide browser support today. Thanks for the interesting suggestion -- I'll mention it to the people working on the CA implementation as a possible validation technique to consider. Further upthread, Josh (one of the other people working on the project) explained that Let's Encrypt currently only has plans to issue DV certs, not EV certs. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8624634 This is because of the automation aspect. EV cert issuance involves a human being looking at offline identity; DV issuance involves proofs of control that can be checked online by a computer, just as existing DV issuance by existing CAs is based on such checks. The CA will be cross-signed, so it does not need to be added to browsers right away in order to be accepted. It will be treated as an intermediate cert, not a root cert, by all mainstream browsers at the outset. But there is a lot of paperwork to be done, and a lot of engineering to be done, and a lot of things to buy and people to hire, in order to get a CA operating. There are also going to be controls to limit automated issuance for domains with existing certs, among other criteria. It would be super-awesome of you if you could let us know about those errors at https://github.com/letsencrypt/lets-encrypt-preview/issues or e-mail me about them. So far this has only been tested on a handful of configurations and will clearly need to be tested on many more over the next few months. Please be careful when running it on your live server: if it does manage to get a cert right now, that cert won't be accepted by clients and will produce cert warnings (and if you use the "Secure" option at the end, you'll also be generating redirects from the HTTP site to the cert-warning-generating HTTPS version). That's incredibly disturbing. I guess a lot of the criminal justice system has a bedrock, usually unstated, assumption that people know what they did and didn't do . That assumption is already questionable some of the time, but I suppose falls apart further when evidence can be fabricated to an extent that makes defendants doubt their sanity. I wonder if this will occur more frequently in an era when people can start to create highly realistic video that appears to be of a particular person performing a particular act (so someone can show you full-blown "surveillance camera footage" of you doing something that you didn't do). It's likely that civil enforcement of an NDA to recover damages for answering a judge's question in a judicial proceeding would be barred by a court as against public policy, even if the NDA didn't contain an explicit provision allowing disclosure in a judicial proceeding. The theory would be that public policy prevents enforceability of contractual terms that require someone obstruct justice or to disobey court orders. It's not the most perfect example, but "In McKenzie v. Lynch , 133 N.W. 490 (Mich. 1911), a husband settled a civil claim with a man who had engaged in "criminal conversation" with his wife. As part of the settlement, the husband promised not to "do anything whereby this matter will acquire any publicity whatever." Id. The court found this provision unenforceable because it could prevent the husband from "becom[ing] a complaining witness, in a criminal proceeding" against the other party to the contract. Id. at 491." (Alan E. Garfield, "Promises of Silence: Contract Law and Freedom of Speech," Cornell L. Rev. 83, 261.) That is to say that under these circumstances, one party could not sue the other for breaching a non-disclosure agreement by testifying as a witness in a criminal trial. I'm sure there's more recent and more relevant legal authority out there somewhere. Would you like to spell out more explicitly which effects of U.S. jurisdiction you're most concerned with? I agree that there are several possible effects of jurisdiction on CAs that people could reasonably be concerned with (whether as would-be certificate requestors or would-be relying parties), but I'm wondering which ones are concerning you most. Yes, there are two main mechanisms, each with its own limitations. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SubjectAltName https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server_Name_Indication Seems to be an interesting difficult in terms of whether the dangers in food are ones that people consuming it can expect to perceive. In an era when food poisoning was more common, maybe a lot of people knew quickly whether the food they ate had harmed them; now folks eating junk food might have to wait years to experience some of the adverse effects, and can't really relate those effects to a particular purchase or product or vendor. I worry about a similar thing for computer security. A lot of the threats that we used to think about in terms of, say, viruses, wanted to get the user's attention either through innocuous mischief, or by showing off with spectacularly destructive behavior, like deleting files or crashing the machine or even erasing the hard drive. "Look at me, I infected your computer!" And later we saw adware which tries to get the user's attention for marketing purposes (which is definitely still a thing). But now a whole lot of attackers have a goal of long-term, pervasive, convert compromise, to be used selectively later on -- botnets for DDoS attacks and spam, keyloggers for delayed financial fraud or government surveillance, "advanced persistent threats" to compromise infrastructure, maybe in service of transitively compromising other infrastructure. http://www.isaca.org/chapters2/Norway/NordicConference/Docum... So in the past there was a common expectation that a virus would do something that the user could notice, or else what's the point? Whereas nowadays if someone says "the government is spying on me, my computer displayed a weird security warning message" it tends to reduce the credibility of the claim, because we expect that botnet developers and government hackers are as covert as possible, delaying the moment when victims of compromise would notice anything's wrong for as far as possible, trying to break or obfuscate the link between the attack and its results as much as possible. So in one sense computers have also gotten more dangerous because there are more powerful and pervasive attackers, but in another sense there may be a trend away from risks of getting any kind of malware whose effects you will notice any time soon. It's possible that this question shouldn't be decided one way or another in the specification, since it will ultimately be more a matter of CA policy about how the CA wants to handle automated issuance and risks. We are actually hoping to have packages shipping from the official OS repositories, so you won't even have to get the package from us. (If anyone wants to help with this aspect, please get in touch.) There won't be any sort of requirement to allow our tools to run automatically. But the existing track record of expiring certs suggest that some people are having trouble remembering to do the renewals manually, so it may be useful to have a tool that does it automatically for people who want that. That is exactly correct. And the client will be open source code written in Python. It's not like "take this binary blob from us and run it as root on your machine", it's like "we have an open source project that would like to work with your upstream OS distributor on exactly the same terms as, and in exactly the same way as, the other tools that you're using on your server". Edit: If you want to follow along with, audit, contribute to, help package, etc., our preview client, it is available at https://github.com/letsencrypt/lets-encrypt-preview We will also welcome people to create their own interoperable software, so if you don't want to run our client or any of its dependencies, or if it doesn't work well with your serving environment, you can create your own alternative. (Hosting providers or CDNs that want certs for sites they host, for example, could create their own tools to deploy them, instead of using our tools.) The FreedomBox is one effort in that direction: https://freedomboxfoundation.org/ I haven't followed their progress recently, but apparently they had a release back in March. The bill was enacted less than seven weeks after Google was founded, at a time when users couldn't sign in to Google at all. (The Senate had approved it less than a month after Google was founded.) It's somewhat hard to believe that they had a lobbyist working on the issue in the company's first month of existence. This is such a beautiful explanation! And I love the shaft orientation detector example. The biggest effect that Gray code had on my life was when it helped me pass an entrance exam to a math camp when I was pretty young (younger than most other students), because one of the questions on the entrance exam was "can you prove that there is or isn't a Hamiltonian circuit on any n-dimensional hypercube?". The Hamiltonian path is a path that visits every node once, and a Hamiltonian circuit does this and also returns to the starting point. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamiltonian_path Well, I knew about the binary Gray code from Martin Gardner (in his book Knotted Doughnuts and Other Mathematical Entertainments ), and I realized that if you think of an n-bit number as a coordinate in n-dimensional space (like 10101110 is the coordinate (1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0)), then the n-bit binary Gray code is already a description of a Hamiltonian cycle on the unit n-dimensional hypercube. It tells you how to trace the path, because it tells you which vertices to go to in which order. Every transition from one number to the next is an edge of the cube because it involves changing exactly one bit (so, exactly one dimension), which is exactly what defines the edge of a cube (it's a movement in exactly one dimension). You visit every vertex because the Gray code includes every number, and as this linked article says, the default Gray code is cyclic and comes back to the original starting point at the end. We know that there's a Gray code for any number of bits because there is a recursive reflective procedure for constructing them to any length (as described in this article): take the (n-1)-bit Gray code, write it forwards prefixed with 0 and then backwards prefixed with 1, and you have an n-bit Gray code. This also has a nice geometric interpretation, which is that given a Hamiltonian circuit on an (n-1)-dimensional hypercube, you can do it on the "lower" hypercube, go "up", do it backwards, and then come "down", and now you've created a Hamiltonian circuit on the larger n-dimensional hypercube. This answer let me pass the test and get into the math camp, but I found it pretty difficult when I actually went, I think because I didn't exactly come up with this answer "on my own": Martin Gardner did a ton of the work for me in teaching me about Gray codes, and I had already been thinking about the isomorphism between binary numbers and hypercubes before for some reason. I remember someone (but not whom or where: maybe on HN or maybe a blog post) saying that all digital systems that accept and quantize analog input will have some analog input conditions with consequences that persist and extend arbitrarily far into the digital part of the system (so that theoretically you could cause an OS on a digital computer to crash just by pressing a key on the keyboard at the exact right time). Does anyone remember where this observation appeared, and is anyone's familiarity with metastability enough to clarify how accurate or inaccurate this description is? I don't think it would make sense to start shipping this package in operating systems before public cert issuance starts, which is currently expected to be around next summer. It would be fairly confusing to web developers to be encouraged by the OS to run the client, only to have it immediately inform them that there are no CAs yet able to issue certs to them! Huh, sounds kind of like probabilistic primality testing! (We can specify the probability of getting a false positive in the primality test and make it as low as we want, though it's still always formally possible to have false positives.) Your units got messed up there -- it's just mgh. There's no reason to square the distance. $ units Currency exchange rates from 2013-07-11 2562 units, 85 prefixes, 66 nonlinear units You have: 1000 kg gravity 1 km You want: J * 9806650 / 1.0197162e-07 I guess if it were designed appropriately inside, you could actually use it as an accomodation and plan to sleep in it during an overnight trip, much as we've had night trains with beds onboard. Sure. This is also neglecting the compressed air part of this technology (which thermodynamics might actually be quite appropriate for modelling!). In this context I'm wondering about the theoretical possibilities rather than the practical risk; I think the analysis that I'm referring to assumed the probability was negligible in practice (or can be made negligible in practice), so the question is whether it is still true that there is some analog input (even from a key on the keyboard) that in principle makes the machine misbehave even though no physically realistic process can typically actually generate that input. The debouncing examples in the article you linked to don't seem to eliminate the risk in a theoretical sense. The RC circuit is taking an analog function of an analog function to apply some smoothing and significantly decrease the effects of transients on the observed voltage at the ADC, increasing the proportion of the time it will spend in a well-defined range if driven by a noisy switch. There must still be some set of analog inputs that would keep the voltage in an ambiguous range, though. The SR latch can itself experience metastability. (And the software solution should be right out, because it starts from the assumption that each individual digital measurement of the switch state has produced a well-defined binary value that can be safely used as input to expressions and functions at the software level.) Wikipedia says that chaining latches together merely (dramatically) reduces the probability of this behavior, rather than actually eliminating it, because each latch could in principle (though with ever-decreasing probability) introduce and maintain metastability in the latch following it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flip-flop_%28electronics%29#Se... Wikipedia cites to this article http://ibm-1401.info/AnomalousSynchronizer_ChaneyMolnar_IEEE... which seems to say that it was understood in the 1960s that every interface between digital circuits with no common clock (as well as every interface from an analog to a digital circuit) presented a theoretically "fundamentally inescapable" risk of introducing metastability which could propagate into the digital system, and that this was thought to be a source of some practical errors in computing systems in the early 1970s. Whoa, that paper is fascinating! I'm trying to improve my intuition for why the physical exmaples in it are right. I found the examples of inevitable crashes and collisions disconcerting. It seems like quite a modern success story for the classic "Cathedral and the Bazaar" model of open source development structure and motivations. As I recall, it was originally written by one person (Ricardo Garcia) in 2008 and worked only on YouTube using (by later standards) relatively simple heuristics to find the URL to extract the video. But it's catalyzed an explosion of interest in every aspect of the problem: tracking changes to the HTML of the video sites, adding support for more video sites, figuring out indirection and parsing through multiple pages and HTML objects, making the tool much more multiplatform and easier to install and update... It's attracted hundreds of contributors (many of them motivated by a personal desire to be able to use the tool on a different site, or to fix a bug that was preventing them from downloading video in a particular rare case) and maintained an incredibly rapid pace of development. I remember enjoying this blog post on AT&T's amicus brief in the Olmstead case: https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2007/08/how-ma-bell-fought-you... The most awesome comment from AT&T was that "this telephone system offers a means of espionage to which general warrants and writs of assistance were the puniest instruments of tyranny and oppression". The "reads on an analog input which is interpreted digitally" are effectively a one-bit ADC or comparator, aren't they? The most contested aspect of this is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Third-party_doctrine I had kind of a related HN thread recently talking about how some contractual provisions can sometimes be unenforceable in courts because the court concludes that they are against public policy. A contractual promise not to testify in court is an example; you will not be able to sue someone who promises not to testify against you and then does so. I'm don't think that that's the end of the analysis for the interaction between contracts and the third party doctrine, though. But I don't know enough to speculate. Those problems are quite serious. A positive step is that they've been increasingly recognized as serious by people who develop and publish software, so there are significant transparency efforts underway now to try to make it possible to meaningfully tell where software came from, whether it corresponds to published code, and whether it's the same thing everybody else is using. (Along with Mike Perry from the Tor Project, I gave a talk about some of these issues at Mozilla recently, which was pretty well-received. Tor has been very interested in making sure that compromises of their infrastructure won't compromise the software their users get, and that the developers can't be coerced into giving users backdoored versions; see Perry's "Deterministic Builds Part One: Cyberwar and Global Compromise", for example.) To look at this from another angle, all of these issues are terrible gaps in software security, and terribly exciting opportunities for people to add backdoors (maybe more likely bugdoors), but now we have some tools and ideas that can start to address them! I tried to submit an "Ask HN" item (motivated by this debate today) about what kinds of tools and best practices there are for doing this, but it didn't get voted onto the front page. I'm concerned about the "third-party site verify that the code is still what it says it is" if an important part of the threat model is that an attack would be deployed against only some users, not all. How can the third-party site tell if the site is attacking an individual user? How can the individual user compare the version of the web app they received with the version that the third-party server thinks is appropriate or current? I don't mean to dismiss this goal, because I really want infrastructure like this to work and become ubiquitous, I just think it might require a slightly more elaborate architecture with the addition of some kind of client-side component, if you're including the original developer in your threat model, and not just someone compromising the servers that host someone's copy of jQuery and giving everyone a backdoored copy. In this threat model it seems unreasonable to me to rely on a particular front-end/back-end separation architecture as a main thing that protects users. If the two are not separated this way, or the back-end can cause redirects or can inject Javascript at all, the users won't be protected. I like the "test from a variety of hosts" approach better, and I wonder what kinds of tools exist or will exist that will facilitate this -- and whether some web app developers are willing to commit that their architectures will support it (that the front-end code doesn't do an eval, that the front-end actually architecturally treats the back-end as untrusted, and that users can expect to get consistent page contents every time they visit the service, even with a different user-agent or from a different netblock). I'm not trying to make fun; I want to see this happen. It seems like a big change from existing practice! There were several amazing talks at hacker conferences last year about reprogramming storage devices so that they can tamper with their contents. This researcher's talk was one of those. Another significant one was http://events.ccc.de/congress/2013/Fahrplan/events/5294.html and I think there were at least two others that I can't find right now (plus recent stuff on USB devices that attack their hosts in various ways). In light of these and other firmware and hardware-borne threats, a good overview of the bigger verification and transparency problems is http://www.slideshare.net/hashdays/why-johnny-cant-tell-if-h... Or maybe even if you don't know if your machine is compromised. :-( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Morris_%28cryptographer... I agree with the idea that address reuse is risky, but was that idea a common understanding when Bitcoin was first created? Is it to be found in the original paper? Or is it more of a realization or concern that's developed over time? I'm working on Let's Encrypt, and I'd be happy to see domain registrars reduce the need for Let's Encrypt by issuing cryptographic credentials to domain registrants. Every CA that issues DV certs for public DNS names takes registrars' databases as the ultimate ground truth about domain ownership -- at least for the domains that the CA is willing to issue for -- so the DV-cert-issuing world is reliant on them to be correct, secure, up-to-date, and so on. That's true whether the CA is using whois data plus DNS data, or just DNS data, to verify domain control. (In saying that, I thought about the idea that Let's Encrypt may use safeguards to limit issuance based on historical observations of domain control and prior issuance history by other CAs. For example, our draft ACME spec has a mechanism where we could ask a requestor to prove control of an existing subject key from a cert that we know was issued for the same subject domain by another CA. So if we've already seen a valid cert in the wild, or in Certificate Transparency, for example.com, we could say that you have to show that you have control of the key in that cert before you can get a new cert from Let's Encrypt for example.com. But all of those things ultimately go back to what registrars said in the past, even if some of them are independent of what registrars say today.) There is a developing theme about how parts of a PC can avoid trusting other parts of the PC. For example, the PrivateCore folks (whose company was later acquired by Facebook) were describing a wide range of attacks where one part of your PC attacks another. https://privatecore.com/solution-overview/attacks/index.html (That page is mostly focused on someone coming into your data center and seizing or tampering with your device, but they've also talked about the idea of counterfeit or backdoored hardware components, and they do allude to that a bit there.) I find this kind of sad, because it adds overhead (for people designing systems, for people building and setting up systems, for people administering systems, and in terms of computational and memory overhead) and maybe reduces flexibility, but it seems like a well-justified threat model. There's a whole book out recently on superintelligence risks: http://ukcatalogue.oup.com/product/9780199678112.do The MIT puzzle (from the 2013 Mystery Hunt) was called "A Regular Crossword" and its credit says "Dan Gulotta, based on an idea by Palmer Mebane". (Just so it's not credited to MIT in general; each year's Mystery Hunt is written by a specific puzzle team, and indeed each puzzle is written by specific puzzlers!) Now here's a puzzle where the "post your solutions in ROT13 to avoid spoilers" conventional wisdom wouldn't help! This new site is super-awesome and challenging, but a great thing about the hexagonal grid in "A Regular Crossword" was that each hexagon was constrained by three intersecting regular expressions rather than two. That meant that the constraints could be trickier or vaguer in some ways, and comparatively more dependent on the sequence of elements within a regular expression rather than on the process of elimination between two intersecting sets. That's quite right, although the "doormat" sentiment is also true: https://www.gnu.org/events/rms-nyu-2001-transcript.html "But the other issue I was thinking about was, I wanted to give the community a feeling that it was not a doormat, a feeling that it was not prey to any parasite who would wander along. If you don't use copyleft, you are essentially saying: [ speaking meekly ] “Take my code. Do what you want. I don't say no.” So, anybody can come along and say: [ speaking very firmly ] “Ah, I want to make a non-free version of this. I'll just take it.” And, then, of course, they probably make some improvements, those non-free versions might appeal to users, and replace the free versions. And then, what have you accomplished? You've only made a donation to some proprietary software project." RMS felt that what would make him a "doormat" was if his code ended up in a proprietary program, not if someone made money from it. Wow, thanks for the reference! I had no idea. It's not a property of the key itself, it's about how we communicate about keys. For example, consider the key of Ryan Lackey, who posts here on HN. Some people (and software) might refer to that key as D2E0301F, which is its 32-bit key ID. A more secure way to refer to the same key is B8B8 3D95 F940 9760 C64B DE90 07AD BE07 D2E0 301F which is called the fingerprint of the key. Both of these forms exist for every PGP key. Notice that the 32-bit key ID is the rightmost 32 bits of the fingerprint (D2E0 301F → D2E0301F. The problem with this is that it is easy (according to the linked article, now takes only four seconds) to make some other key that will also have 32-bit key ID D2E0301F, so if you tried to find or verify Ryan's key using only that ID, someone could trick you into using a fake one. Another form sometimes used today is the 64-bit key ID, which is the rightmost 64 bits of the fingerprint (in Ryan's case, 07AD BE07 D2E0 301F → 07ADBE07D2E0301F). Key IDs and key fingerprints have always both been part of PGP, but the idea was that you might use the key ID to download or talk about the key, and then use the fingerprint to verify that you had the right one. Some people have been skipping the second step, or might not even know it was ever there. It's most like a theme clue -- in an American-style crossword you often have 1 to 4 extra-long answers, almost always horizontal, that are related to a theme (they might be puns, or proverbial sayings, or together spell out a longer quote). It's sometimes possible to solve a theme clue in a crossword when you have only a few letters, if you understand the theme well enough. In this case, the "suddenly solving the whole thing given only 40% or 50% of the letters" effect can be kind of cool, or annoying if you were enjoying the logic puzzle aspect. In the original MIT Mystery Hunt hexagonal regular expression crossword, most of the grid did not spell anything recognizable, so it was clearly a logic puzzle through-and-through. I guess whether people appreciate that depends on whether they were expecting a pure logic puzzle or a combined logic+word puzzle. When I was a kid I had the Space Shuttle Operator's Manual http://www.amazon.com/Shuttle-Operators-Manual-Revised-Editi... which was pretty awesome (it wasn't used for crew training, it's a popularization of what's involved in operating a Shuttle). It also takes you through a pretty substantial number of control switches and indicators, even while simplifying things. I wonder if there's a way to compare the complexity of the body of knowledge that jet pilots have mastered (this explanation doesn't even go into aerodynamics or flying skills, or the purpose or physics of some of the systems it alludes to, or rules and procedures, or abbreviations or jargon) to what doctors know about bodies, pathology, diagnosis, and medical interventions. Well, that sure cured me of the intuition that these square grid regexp crossword puzzles were inherently easier than the original hexagonal grid version! Elsewhere in this thread, a commenter points out that the square grid regular expression puzzle can encode 3SAT instances, so I was wrong to call these easier than the hexagonal version. Wow, that manual is a lot more detailed than the popularization. Isn't there also a flying-it-like-a-glider part after re-entry? But I guess that's a pretty small fraction of the mission. Running it against an AI simulation of a human programmer, pattern-matching for the output "Wow that's awesome", no doubt. Yeah, many users would actually not like some of these features. If you're using XML to serialize static tree-structured data in a fixed schema (like people commonly use JSON), would you expect that your parser would be vulnerable to this? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billion_laughs The JSON parser in the Python standard library does support big ints, NaN, and +/-Infinity. >>> json.loads("NaN") nan >>> json.loads("Infinity") inf >>> json.loads("-Infinity") -inf >>> json.loads("1234567890"*20) 123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890 123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890 123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890 12345678901234567890L I haven't read the JSON spec, so I'm wondering whether this is actually standard JSON, whether it's an official extension of some kind to JSON, or whether the Python JSON parser is just being too clever. Huh, the Python json module documentation admits that the Python behavior isn't standards-compliant. https://docs.python.org/2/library/json.html#standard-complia... It does claim that the support for arbitrary precision numbers is standards-compliant. Looking at the ECMA standard briefly, that seems to be correct to me: the official JSON grammar does allow arbitrary-precision, and disclaims restrictions on how a particular programming language interprets numbers. I have to admit that I'm kind of concerned about the NaN and Infinity issue because I thought there was more uniformity among JSON parsers about what is or isn't legitimate JSON. An interesting counterpoint to this which is less radical but still potentially quite controversial is Kwame Anthony Appiah's view in his book Cosmopolitanism (which I'm reading right now): it's important that cultures get contaminated (by other cultures), and it's important that cultures change . Edit: here's a version of his argument from that book which he published in the New York Times in 2006. http://www.nytimes.com/2006/01/01/magazine/01cosmopolitan.ht... I thought this article might talk about social, political, or ethical consequences of a world where spies can eavesdrop on any conversation, but it looks like a case where the editor gave the article an interesting article that doesn't quite match the content. The article is mostly about how the government is continuing to invest a lot in speech recognition technology, how that investment is motivatived by the desire to have better full-text search of audio recordings, and how government researchers are excited by the possibility of using MEMS and/or IoT to spy on "populations". So, not much of anything about "what happens when" they get those capabilities. This is a great idea. Where the text discusses the origin of the term "Milky Way", I wish they would give the Greek name γαλαξίας κύκλος (at least in transliteration) rather than only giving the translation 'milky circle'. (The text does give the original Latin "via lactea"). I remember when the term γαλαξία was referenced in an amazing conlang puzzle which led to a series of events culminating in my awareness that γαλαξίας is ancient Greek for 'galaxy' (sort of), whereas γαλαξία is ancient Greek for 'milkshake' (sort of). It does depend on the size of the corpus; the literal interpretation could still be the highest-probability interpretation even if it's wrong. So if I have a habit of always using the word "norble" instead of "computer", someone with a large corpus of my speech can manually or automatically infer what I'm talking about (particularly given a knowledge of English, since I'd say stuff like "norble programming" or "reboot your norble"). If I speak an unknown language or jargon or relex or word-substitution code for only a short time -- giving very few samples of each unfamiliar word -- that might not be possible. There's just not enough data to make the correct interpretation more probable than other interpretations! But yeah, if linguists and philologists can translate languages just from fieldwork observations or inscription corpora, we can be confident that if you use language in a weird idiosyncratic way for a while, people (or machines) who can observe you will come to understand you too. Hmmm, I wasn't even thinking about what good HN link title practice is. I remembered the idea that people should ideally use the same title as the linked article, but not the idea of trying to improve on it in the situation where the existing title is somewhat linkbaity or inaccurate. Here, I think the summary you ended up with is an improvement! There are some German terms that have taken on a particularly distinctive significance in terms of the Nazi era, like Lebensraum, Endlösung, ausrotten, Anschluss, even if they have a more generic literal meaning. (That's true of terms in other languages that have a strong connection to other historical events too.) I don't find that the preposition über has such an association for me -- maybe because I've used it in day-to-day contexts when speaking German as a foreign language, like "nach Hamburg über Zürich fliegen" -- but someone upthread pointed out that it may remind some people of Nietzsche's Übermensch, an idea that the Nazis associated with their concept of the Herrenvolk. It's possible for some people to perceive a connotation that others don't perceive at all. I was working with some Brazilians on a document that used the term "solução final" as a non-Nazi reference, to mean something like 'definitive solution' or 'complete solution'. I strongly urged them to change the term to avoid the unintended Holocaust reference, but they assured me that Brazilians in their circles used that term completely neutrally, and that readers wouldn't take any reference to the Holocaust at all. Thanks for the clarifications, I probably should have drawn clearer distinctions. That might be true for someone who didn't speak much English and was very familiar with the Allied invasion of Normandy. Yeah, Wiktionary calls the English loanword (without umlaut) /ˈuːbər/ and the German /ˈyːbɐ/. I think it's been a fairly ironic productive prefix in some people's informal English for a while, often hyphenated, like "uber-cool", "uber-interesting", ?"uber-dangerous". (Latin "super" is cognate with German über as well as Greek "ὑπέρ" (hyper)!) Maybe it could be interpreted as "the top 10 most widely used programs today were written by a population of programmers who are a smaller fraction of the population of users than has ever before been true before". (That might still not be true: the number of people who work as programmers at Facebook or Microsoft might well be growing much faster on average than the worldwide population of people who use the software they write!) You might be thinking of Lexmark v. Static Control https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lexmark_Int%27l_v._Static_Cont... where the courts ended up rejecting Lexmark's theory that a particular way of making refilled cartridges work with Lexmark printers violated the DMCA's anticircumvention provisions. However, you could still say that the printer companies are succeeding in using DRM to prevent competition (to some extent), even if it's difficult for them to sue companies like Static Control for circumvention. I was super turned off of Python 3 when it came out and I promptly tried it and ran open("/dev/urandom").read(20) and was confronted with UnicodeDecodeError: 'utf-8' codec can't decode byte 0x80 in position 2: invalid start byte If I had realized at the time that this error would be averted with open("/dev/urandom", "rb").read(20) I might have felt more charitable and less shocked (although I can see in retrospect that there's quite a good reason for this error, I might have preferred for the default file type to be binary -- presumably something that was debated extensively inside the Python 3 development effort). Yes, I definitely wouldn't have expected or intended that code to work on Windows. Huh, I never knew that was there; thanks! In production code I would probably use Crypto.Random.get_random_bytes(). In this case, academic research is totally irrelevant to the parent commenter's point. They also have some openly governmental accounts called "Think Again Turn Away", like https://twitter.com/ThinkAgain_DOS https://www.facebook.com/ThinkAgainTurnAway They used to directly engage in debate with people more, while now they seem to have switched to a more posting-only style. The title of this article should read "The Californian Ideology" rather than "The California Ideology". Oh, I was referring to what the original authors called it, not to what I thought would have made a better title. The HN title doesn't reflect the official title chosen by the authors. I definitely agree that it would have made sense for the original authors to have titled it "the California Ideology". It might be possible and reasonable to interpret the statement "We do not participate in blanket surveillance" as a kind of warrant canary. The status and efficacy of warrant canaries in various jurisdiction is a subject of much debate, but if you think they have meaning coming from these people in this jurisdiction, it looks like you've got one there. Congratulations to the F-Droid project on making this work; it's a great step. Schneier's summary of Wheeler's method says: "This countermeasure will only fail if both [compilers] are infected in exactly the same way. The second compiler can be malicious; it just has to be malicious in some different way: i.e., it can't have the same triggers and payloads of the first. You can greatly increase the odds that the triggers/payloads are not identical by increasing diversity: using a compiler from a different era, on a different platform, without a common heritage, transforming the code, etc." It seems to be a continuation of PEAR's research program in some form. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Princeton_Engineering_Anomalie... Thanks for the suggestion, I'll pass it along to our membership director. According to Wikipedia, NSA's share of Federal budget outlays was about 0.28% in 2013 (although there's a conceptual question whether you can just multiply your tax bill by 0.0028 to find out your contribution to NSA's budget, because Federal expenditures are also funded from sources other than personal income tax). (Here I kind of wish we had a "facts we wouldn't know without Snowden" mock-HTML tag.) I learned from one of James C. Scott's books that there was a "Memorial to the Unknown Deserter" created in Bonn, Germany, but local authorities prevented it from being set up there and it eventually ended up in Potsdam. https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deserteurdenkmal_%28Bonn/Potsd... The human figure is formed from the negative space cut out of the stone. (The inscription from Kurt Tucholsky translates as "Here lived a man / who refused / to shoot at his fellow men. / Honor to his memory.") The German Wikipedia identifies a large number of similar memorials: https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fahnenflucht#Denkmale_f.C3.BCr... Although some of them have been extraordinarily controversial in Germany (and Austria), they do exist; it's hard for me to imagine a similar memorial in the U.S. I think today people could tell the difference today using fMRI studies (and I hope those studies have been done and are being done). It might not have been as straightforward to tell the difference in the past. I saw it yesterday at the Embarcadero Center Cinema and it's going to be there for at least the upcoming week. http://www.landmarktheatres.com/san-francisco/embarcadero-ce... Mark Rosenfelder has a pretty impressive attempt at computerizing English spelling (with a set of rules and their justifications published in human-readable and machine-readable forms). http://www.zompist.com/spell.html I read some ways into this before I was confident that it wasn't a Cory Doctorow science fiction story! One of the educational techniques you're alluding to is probably TPR (total physical response), for foreign language teaching. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Total_physical_response I had a Spanish teacher and later a Latin teacher (teaching adults) who favored TPR and would tell people to jump a specified number of times, or to touch their heads, and so on. I don't have a clear opinion about the effectiveness of TPR but I thought I'd mention the name so you could use it to search for research if you like. There is also a century-old approach to using colors to visualize 4D geometry (I think the color represents the offset in the 4th spatial dimension), proposed by Charles H. Hinton; they're called "Hinton cubes". Martin Gardner describes them and reports that some people have found them too effective, I guess becoming mildly obsessed with them or having the learned associations interfere somehow with day-to-day visual perception. Nicholson Baker wrote a book presenting a similar hypothesis about the preservation of library books ( Double Fold: Libraries and the Assault on Paper ). A core idea of Baker's book is that librarians and the general public drastically underestimate the longevity of printed paper books, in large part because of their experience with newspapers and especially cheap paperbacks, which are often printed on very acidic paper. But books printed on higher-quality paper (including most books from centuries ago) will commonly last centuries under normal archival conditions, so there isn't necessarily an urgency to switch their format from paper to something else. Baker was outraged that librarians were cutting open ("disbinding") perfectly serviceable books in order to microfilm them and often then discarding the original paper editions. Baker's point matches my experience fairly well; I have some cheap paperbacks from the 1970s that are yellowed and brittle already, while I have several books from the 1700s (some nearly 300 years old) that are in great shape and that you can read normally with your hands. They haven't been stored in an argon environment in a freezer or anything, just on normal bookshelves at room temperature. The older books were printed on low-acidity paper ("before that was a thing", we might say) and are likely to last for centuries more if they don't get lost to a fire or a flood. But the main villain for Baker at the time he wrote Double Fold wasn't digitization so much as microfilm, which isn't always archivally preferable to acid-free paper and which is horribly inconvenient for search or reading. (Baker did prefer paper card catalogues to digital catalogues; I think he was probably right about the serendipity aspect but wrong on almost every other practical dimension.) By contrast, digital books have been great for usability, great for search, great for academic research, great for disability accessibility, great for distance education, and so on. They even have a fairly strong preservation story when copyright considerations don't obstruct it. (But it's really important for people to remember that optical discs are probably not an archival medium. It looks like "mirroring stuff regularly from one hard drive array to another" is the archival medium.) I cherish, respect, and continue to acquire, collect, and read paper books, but I think the idea that paper is the uniquely best format for preservation and accessibility purposes is no longer right when the competition is computerization rather than microfilming. "This Editor Wrote a Clickbaity Headline. You Won't Believe What Happened Next!" This privacy risk is actually documented in the official HSTS specification, section 16.9 of https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6797.txt However, the spec doesn't propose a mitigation for it. I'm afraid many new security policy mechanisms can actually be used to track users or devices this way, because you can experiment to see whether the browser has heard about a particular security policy by observing its behavior when you ask it to violate the policy. If you tell different devices about different policies, their behavior will be different (as if you told different kids who were going to visit a park about different rules for how to behave in the park, and then observed who obeyed and who violated which rules as a way of identifying individual kids). For example, you can also get tracking out of public key pinning, by selectively pinning certs for some subdomains and not others, and then seeing which subresources are successfully loaded when you present a huge number of pin violations. (I think that's also documented in the HPKP spec.) The HPKP tracking problem is described in section 5 https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-websec-key-pinni... which also includes another description of this HSTS problem. I don't understand why the author of this piece describes granting new work visas as offering employers an "exemption from supply and demand (of labor)". I would view it as exactly the opposite -- I see requiring visas for employees in the first place as the "exemption from supply and demand (of labor)". I guess this is a pretty deep disconnect. Some people see the normal or basic state of affairs as one in which any employer can hire any employee in the world , and then governments alter this background situation for political and cultural reasons by choosing to prevent some migration and employment offers (thereby artificially depressing the supply of labor in their territory and the demand for labor in other territories). Other people see the normal or basic state of affairs as one in which people can only seek employment in their own countries of origin ; then governments alter this background situation for political and economic reasons by choosing to permit some migration and employment offers (thereby artificially increasing the supply of labor in their territory and the demand for labor in other territories). On one view, granting work visas is undoing a very small part of a very large prior government intervention in the economy; on the other view, it's creating a new intervention where none existed before. On one view, the baseline is a single world market for labor which then gets distorted by migration restrictions; on the other, the baseline is hundreds of largely isolated national markets for labor which then get distorted by importing foreigners. The basic background problem is that in the "normal" case, HSTS is a security and privacy protection rather than a tracking mechanism. That's why one would typically want it to persist as much as possible. But it has the potential for tracking effects too (as this project demonstrates). I guess the current browser behavior is indeed an attempt to project user intentions based on that. Thanks, I didn't know about that article. Using Cyrillic text this way might end up running into the same problem that the creator of this font describes: designers' clients might feel that they're supposed to be able to understand it , but can't. So they might still complain that the text of their site/product/etc. has been replaced with something unintelligible, much as they seem to do now with lorem ipsum mock-ups. The use of æ in your Cyrillic text suggests Ossetian, like in the Ossetian word дæр dær 'and'. Ossetian is the only language that uses the character æ in its Cyrillic alphabet. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyrillic_alphabets#Summary_tab... I bet they'll complain about that too! Also, some people find text that they can understand distracting (because they're drawn to read it), which is one of the other motivations for using lorem ipsum. But apparently some people also find text that they can't understand distracting (because they're annoyed that it doesn't make sense or they don't know what it is), so it seems hard to win here! There's absolutely nothing illegal in the U.S. about insulting or disparaging black people, or members of any racial, ethnic, or religious group, including by slurs or caricatures. Which of those categories are you thinking of? The U.S. legal system is known as more tolerant of offensive speech than any European jurisdiction. I'm not quite sure where you're getting the inference that such speech is less protected in the U.S. than in France. Yes, the fighting words doctrine requires that the fighting words be communicated in person to a particular person (not in a newspaper). I think the parent commenter's question was whether it would be illegal to publish something that was the subject of a credible terrorist threat, not to make a credible terrorist threat. You addressed whether people are allowed to make threats (no) rather than whether the government can use the threats as a reason to prevent the thing that is the target of the threats (generally also no). https://xkcd.com/1338/ is amazing on this point. See also Matthew Green's response: http://blog.cryptographyengineering.com/2015/01/hopefully-la... That sounds like a great technical approach, although it can't necessarily remove the problem of idiomaticity that the article mentions (with the example of "I didn't search any directories"). Probably better examples are possible, in any case where the most idiomatic way to express something isn't a literal translation of that thing from other languages. Maybe like English "I don't care" Portuguese "tanto faz" (literally 'so much does') German "[das] ist mir egal" (literally '[it] is equal for me') There's also Brazilian Portuguese "né", which is an end-of-sentence tag with exactly the same meaning. It's a contraction of "não é" ('isn't it') and is used in a way akin to German "nicht wahr". Now I'm just wondering about the lexicon since the primitive tokens are things like "like". One potential problem is when two languages don't have words with enough semantic overlap to be comfortable using one as a translation for another. Another potential problem is when An analogy to my other comment on AST translation: in English you "like doing something" but in German you "do something gladly" (and again in English you "like a person" but in German you can "have a person dear", akin to English "hold dear"). If we expect that the AST can produce a translation using the single verb "like", we may be in for trouble if the target language doesn't do that (although maybe code can be written that uses the AST and that's aware of this complexity as part of the realization of the translation). Another example could come from the problem of describing states of being or perception, like "I'm cold", "I'm tired", "I'm hungry", "I'm thirsty", "I'm sick", etc. In English we really like using "to be" plus adjectives for such situations, but other languages have other preferred strategies. For example Latin has specialized verbs for the actions of (at least) being hungry, thirsty, or sick (like esurio, sitio, aegroto); in Romance languages people often "have" hunger or thirst (Spanish "tengo hambre", lit. 'I have hunger'; Portuguese "estou com fome", lit. 'I am with hunger'); in German it is cold "to" a person ("mir ist kalt", not "ich bin kalt" 'I am a cold person'). If you imagine having your AST start with Latin, you may have a challenging story about how you could get from "sitisne?" to "are you thirsty?" "¿tienes sed?" "está com sede?" and "hast du durst?" -- not to deny that it may be achievable with enough work. Good point, sorry for the mistake. Particularly if they can observe your physical whereabouts or your Internet traffic to correlate it against the presence indication. There is a privacy-preserving presence protocol from the creators of OTR: http://cacr.uwaterloo.ca/techreports/2014/cacr2014-10.pdf The main limitations are that it adds a delay to presence updates, it requires users to store their own buddy lists (basically in the same way as and for the same reasons as they store their own private cryptographic keys), and it doesn't help if one of your contacts is using their access to your presence information to attack you. Presumably pirates favor arrrr-C4 or arrrr-SA (both of them invented by Ronald Rivest.) It's funny to think that the conversation fragment - ... Né? - Isso. could happen in either Brazil or Germany with the same meaning. :-) Is there a way to use this database to determine if a food product is suitable for vegetarians or vegans? I was fairly disturbed by the repeated pointless sacrifices of major pieces (which typically aren't even accepted: black offers its queen in exchange for nothing, and white doesn't capture it!). You can play bots on FICS if you disclose it. https://chess.stackexchange.com/questions/8066/is-it-possibl... I guess you would want to program it to only play against other bots, and many of the other ones are probably quite strong (since they're based on relatively advanced chess software). So maybe that's not the ideal environment for starting from zero. Yes, the packages that pip installs contain a setup.py (created by the package author) and pip will run that as you when you're doing your pip install. The setup.py could do arbitrary bad things to you, like leaking your ssh keys, deleting your files, or whatever. A lot of people using package managers, though, might think that someone else has read the code that's about to be installed (so they don't have to read it before installing it). I've installed five or six things for development work using pip recently and I would have been shocked if they were malicious (or if I had to read thousands of lines of Python to make sure they weren't malicious). Maybe the script kids think that they're playing One-Shot Prisoner's Dilemma (or occasionally Iterated Prisoner's Dilemma) and the developers think they're playing some other game? I think the parent commenter meant that disagreement with Apple on point six was widespread, rather than that disagreement with Adobe on point six was (uniquely) widespread. Unfortunately (though it's considerably more compartmentalized and constrained than prior iterations), Google is trying to replace Flash with a DRM mechanism that also requires proprietary software. So while you might think that the advent of HTML5 video means you no longer need proprietary software to interoperate with the services that use it, Google and its partners are working to ensure that that's not true. I think you might be confusing whether the DRM will be effective at stopping copying with whether many users will adopt DRM-restricted tools and platforms. I agree that HTML5 is much better than Flash in every way, so in this sense I'd just like to encourage our community to continue applying pressure at all levels and in all channels to ensure that Encrypted Media Extensions doesn't continue to be a part of HTML5 standards, UAs, or websites. That's an interesting point conceptually: the best result for some purposes might be best for a reason that comes from the offline world. For example, if you want to buy rare things, you want to find the dealer with the best expertise and access to sources of those things. That dealer might have an incredibly minimal web site with almost no content -- maybe just contact information. The original link-structure analysis idea in PageRank was meant to address issues like this a little bit: if everybody links to that dealer's page, it's a good suggestion that that dealer is important, regardless of the content of the page. But there are also things that people don't talk about on the web that much, or don't link to on the web that much (especially if they relate to a secretive, insular, or otherwise not-heavily-web-using community). You could say it's no fair expecting search engines to know about social facts they can't possibly observe, but in any case it's a reminder of how complicated the idea of relevance or the best result really is! I'd like to suggest https://www.torproject.org/eff/tor-legal-faq.html.en which was written by my colleagues at EFF. (It doesn't mention particular legal theories that may help exit node operators, though I think CDA §230 and DMCA §512 might be among the laws you're thinking of that have historically protected ISPs, since ISPs have resisted being classified as common carriers in the U.S.) It might take precautions against that, for example by compromising other computers, or renting other computers, or persuading people to give it access to other computers, or getting people to put some its infrastructure in space or under the ocean, or obfuscating where its infrastructure is, or hiring people to physically defend its infrastructure, or inventing computing systems that don't look like computing systems. Edit: or create what seem to be, or are, credible threats against people who are complicit in turning it off, or putting itself conspicuously into a role where transportation systems or economic markets or life support or ecosystems or medical progress seem dependent on some of its services. I found this summary of the paper disappointing. The paper that this is reporting on is at http://users.ece.gatech.edu/~az30/Downloads/Micro14.pdf and describes a framework for measuring how bad side channel risks are (using custom software that tries to create a worst-case scenario by intentionally signaling to the outside world). They then turn out to be pretty bad, in the intentional case, but a big part of the researchers' contribution is that perhaps this is quantifiable, for each particular kind of side channel that one wants to examine. This paper did not introduce any new kind of side channel, and extensively cites literature in which other people introduced (and often demonstrated) the side channel and emanations risks. These risks are often very bad, governments have studied them intensively since at least the 1960s, and it's a great thing that academic researchers are now helping make the public familiar with them. Hopefully that will lead to some techniques for mitigating them in practice other than living and working in a SCIF. Indeed, for timing-channel attacks there are lots of important mitigations that software developers are now learning about (having to do with performing operations in constant-time). Maybe this research can point to ways of making some operations (approximately) constant-power, so power and RF-related information leakages will be attenuated. You're right. Maybe I should just say that this research provides a possible way to measure how effective mitigations have been, if we believe that their metric is meaningful. Cf. https://spqr.eecs.umich.edu/emi/ It would be very important to know if a digital equivalent is possible. I was at Reggie's class in 2008 where he got sidelined for medical reasons and which turned out to be the last summer session in Rome, but somehow I didn't know the story of how Paideia had picked up the torch. What a delight. Gratulor his qui tantum honorem magistro fecerunt et faciunt. This kind of verse is called macaronic verse (or makkaronische Dichtung in German). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macaronic_language I think the Wikipedia article's coverage of the German/Latin macaronic verse tradition could use some more detail. In my experience folks who've studied with Reginald Foster tend to admire Ørberg quite a bit, but they might think Ørberg's books are too basic for their own students (since I guess people coming to Paideia will have studied Latin for several years first) and/or study things that are not explicitly didactic works. I see some hand-written signs by native Spanish speakers in my neighborhood that interchange b and v (and sometimes k and c, and sometimes c and s), which would make for good evidence for a future historical linguist that these were homophones or near homophones in certain contexts. For example, I think I've seen "besino" written by a native speaker for "vecino" 'neighbor'. I think you're mostly right, though there is a notion of a "more conservative" or "less conservative" pronunciation. For example, surely we could see Spanish "luna" as just closer to Latin "lūna" than the Portuguese "lua" is, and Spanish "consonante" as closer to "cōnsonāntem" than Portuguese "consoante" is. (But that doesn't make Spanish as a whole closer to Latin than Portuguese as a whole... but it's possible to imagine a language typically being more conservative in some respect, having fewer sound changes applied and so on, than another language.) Those are good observations that I hadn't considered before -- thanks! The issue here is the famous dangling modifier. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dangling_modifier Even your implied "it is my opinion that" would still leave a dangling modifier (now the erroneous parse indicates that your opinion is a linguist, rather than the original erroneous parse suggesting that the usage is a linguist). Dangling modifiers are an interesting issue because one often has to go all the way up to the pragmatics level in order to resolve the indended meaning (in this case, who or what could be a linguist?). Of course, speakers are usually quite good at that, so the ambiguity is usually only noticed in writing (and then people disagree about how significant the ambiguity is). Probably D&D with a human dungeon master would allow more possible actions, in the sense that NetHack only allows (a)pply, (C)all, (d)rop, (e)at, (E)ngrave, (f)ire, (P)ut on, (q)uaff, (Q)uiver, (r)ead, (t)hrow, (w)ield, (W)ear, (z)ap, #dip, #invoke, #name, #offer, and #rub actions with specific items in your main inventory (and most of those actions won't be applicable to most items most of the time). A human DM might allow many more verbs, like stacking things on top of one another, repairing items in a nonmagical way, building new devices or modifying the functionality of existing devices in a nonmagical way, pouring a liquid onto a specific object or dungeon feature (including one that can't be picked up), and a lot more. I agree that the bot ascension is an astonishing achievement, and one I didn't expect to see for many years! There is at least one self-described unspoiled ascension, in 2010: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/rec.games.roguelike.... This did involve use of wizard mode (not for the unspoiled ascension itself, but beforehand for learning stuff). People often ask how someone would learn how to perform the Invocation without spoilers. One intended answer by the DevTeam is to pay the Oracle for a series of major consultations, one of which (somewhat elliptically) explains the Invocation. The Oracle consultations aren't considered spoilers if you pay for them in-game. I look forward to hearing about a non-farming bot ascension (as the developer of this bot has suggested is possible!). That first line is just the beginning of a statement that goes on until line 71. It decides whether to eat or pray if the player is very hungry. (In NetHack you can die of starvation if you don't have enough nutrition; nutrition can be obtained either by eating food[1], or in some circumstances by praying when hungry.) The second function is easier for me to understand: it says that the player wants protection if the player has less than 3 intrinsic protection and has an experience level higher than 15. (In NetHack, gods grant intrinsic protection under some circumstances, which causes one to become better armored even without wearing additional physical armor. It's basically like a kind of magical armor on one's body that's independent of any physical object.) The idea seems to be that a player with at least experience level 15 ought to have 3 or more points of protection, and if the player doesn't, the player should try to go and get them. If you're not used to reading parenthesized prefix notation, you might have a look at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polish_notation https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S-expression https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisp_%28programming_language%2... [1] In another example of NetHack's complexity, it's also possible in some circumstances to eat objects other than food, by turning into a monster that's able to eat the objects in question. Yeah, I guess a major advantage for a bot is being totally disciplined and never impatient. "No, I won't read that yet; yes, I will #untrap three times; no, I won't go down these stairs with the cockatrice corpse; no, I won't eat this giant while satiated" and so on. It can be hard for human players to have absolute discipline about not doing actions that they know could theoretically cause instant death. Also, the bot can safely walk along the edge of lava without falling in due to a typo. :-) I think you mean "sinks" instead of "wells" (there's at least one behavior in NetHack that's inspired by the name of the sink, and they were reputedly included in the game so that NetHack would contain "everything, including the kitchen sink"). The subject "I" is never explicitly introduced anywhere in the sentence "As a linguist, it is absolutely not an issue of grammar", so the only explicitly available subject for the modifier to refer to is "it". (Compare "As a pragmatic issue, it is absolutely not a syntactic issue", "As a lexical issue, it is absolutely not a matter of syntax", etc.) So the problem is where the subject "I" comes from when it's left unmentioned, and a solution could be that it's pragmatically implied in any clause like "as a [type of person]" -- but surely not syntatically. Unless we think of this as a species of disjunct (which might have been where you were going by describing the use of "hopefully")... This is actually a now-standard theory of the origin of mitochondria (that they were originally separate organisms): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symbiogenesis I think we mostly agree because we agree that listeners will almost always understand the sentence as intended and we agree that there's a sense in which the sentence is unsound. Maybe an analogy is sentences like "going to the store later, want to come?" (although the particular problem is slightly different). One interpretation is that English is becoming a pro-drop language in some contexts, but even many speakers who utter that sentence would agree that it's slightly syntactically unsound for omitting the pronouns (even though it didn't tend to harm understanding). (I'm not positive that this case is analogous to the dangling modifier case.) After watching the ttyrec of the bot ascension, I was surprised to see that the bot farmed on a sink, not an altar, and hence used the puddings only for item drops and not for sacrifices. That makes me a lot more optimistic that the bot is close to being able to ascend without farming, especially since I believe its character already had multiple amulets of life saving and a bag of holding even before starting to farm. Named for Wau Holland, one of the founders of the CCC (and the Datenschleuder): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wau_Holland Someone made a fake key for each of the participants in a particular keysigning party in October 2013 (including me) and uploaded the fake keys to keyservers. Because the creation date of the fake key for me is newer than the creation date of my real key, apparently Enigmail is suggesting it to people and they're choosing to use it, despite the lack of signatures. More than a dozen different people have now sent me encrypted mail that I couldn't read because they selected the fake key on the keyservers instead of my real key. That makes me think that the web of trust model isn't working out very well under active attack -- at least, over a dozen people failed to actually use the web of trust to avoid falling victim to this attack. There are also seven keys for Erinn Clark (who signs Tor Browser Bundle releases for the Tor Project) on the keyservers; if I remember correctly, three are real and four are fake. I'm sorry my homepage is out of date; thanks for the reminder. It seems like it's been a decade or so since I updated it. I normally check signatures when downloading a new key, particularly as a way of distinguishing between multiple keys available on a keyserver. But I don't have a way to force other people who are writing to me to do that, and apparently at least the Enigmail users often don't. Edit: Erinn is a more cautious PGP user than I am (with an extraordinarily important key!), but I expect she also has no way of forcing people to check that they have the right key when e-mailing her. I do have my key and/or fingerprint on my * personal e-mail .signature * personal home page * work employee page * business card I don't have my key or fingerprint on my * work e-mail .signature Despite this, 12 people accepted the fake key as genuine. -----BEGIN PGP MESSAGE----- Version: GnuPG v1.4.11 (GNU/Linux) hQIMA6PfwQZKAOF/ARAAkzfxMj8XnsmBmGu3uxS6cp/0q1xE/U89sTLlVZmDbwna IGOXkm1h6DId7Hvwnj+RjYRj/wym3kvrMCXoOPLpqr0y2kGcBxxcW0kdK+zhlz34 ik+Vy+HGp0MZKog6HnBiMotnDZuYJsxZhPE++XSZDj8N/16XNXmvDjuDZTlkvKUm UX0y8kem2uSN8WjGuQepF2zwwzL8LDjJ7x9RemDgfudkiNkSUQVDz2WNwrrXssR4 g4cRTs0wUaRYa/xDUXvum/uHxOJ/ZF/cEKMB9oXBIw4m+1VHTzLJYz3PFwFHiib3 SWnJ90tm2vjKsp9Q1VQYa8zyINOzDDGMbLP7OgkDU5/nvGFxLflRyvYwVoHkyKuW Ar/5vHxdf0F4vgJuJHJIieuQcSVv06pvFczmnbQmO9vLMBvRti++Vu2u2olyoyr9 5cgZ+I/AvNXjPN8u3IiyT+6/bwXAT41G6nUZWs7xfqEvX5RFQA4dh/qkjuHpDUWx ROVzgdqvLpnsO2uZ2Y0++ETuer0aYpqSo03oOb2bNsXdlZF1SSu7dNfSzJv47J5e yFn5Wn4hK1TswuRYKDy3HGk0au0NSdNfDi83YR17N1xQg5heK1Daf73DWZRnxOPi EnDHc17Uha3nN+FIKm1JdwxA4T35eJl0pa2S9SPWmHUNWvMwCLC4JqR0Br8Yx8TS aQGmENhVRPMX73uPo8SDn+M6u0PvJ7pWPKn3ulcwwrMgqSf4qgptozB8g0vTr3YJ k40OdHO7ebcWN5wkw2dg9tIFFgxnqrpjB7vr0aHJj3Y96AYoD0uSrEiBgX6pIJdz jGWswAp7O5UfGw== =DT21 -----END PGP MESSAGE----- I went to Dwork's talk about differential privacy at the Berkeley School of Information last week. It was a very good presentation. The motivation was that we don't know how to anonymize real data sets (particularly in the presence of potentially unanticipated auxiliary information, such as a related database that we didn't realize exist, or related statements by people about themselves or about populations) so that they can't be deanonymized. For example, taking people's names, addresses, etc., out of a database isn't good enough because the database still reflects their demographic or biographical history, and there may be only one person in a particular context who has that history, or you may just be able to match up the records in the database with records in a different non-anonymized database or one that contains other fields. Therefore, Dwork defines a probabilistic notion of privacy loss which describes a bound on the probability that an adversary can learn about the people in the database (I think described in the basic case by the probability that an individual's presence or absence in the database is distinguishable to the adversary, although that's not a precise translation of the rule). The actual implementations of this idea generally involve adding noise to the database, for example deliberately introducing noise in the sampling or survey process that created the original database, or by having a trusted party that controls the database that adds noise in response to particular queries by untrusted users. Then it's possible to make probabilistic arguments about how much noise of what kind is sufficient to satisfy the probability bound. As a result, people can do analysis of the datasets to find population statistics that are of interest to them, but with a low probability of being able to learn things about individuals in the database deliberately or accidentally. An interesting example of a mechanism that Dwork gave that was proven to satisfy one kind of differential privacy bound (although it was invented much earlier) was a technique used by researchers who were studying sexual behavior. They gave people a spinner and asked them to use it (privately) and answer the question truthfully if the spinner came up one way, and just to say "yes" if it came up the other way. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Randomized_response That gave people a certain level of deniability (you could actually choose the level by the design of the spinner) and so their incentive to worry about being personally associated with their answers was lower. As a result, researchers concluded that survey participants would be more willing to give honest answers to embarrassing questions (when the spinner told them to). But the resulting answers did have a clearly-understandable relationship to the truth so you could calculate some population statistics accurately (mostly about the true prevalence of "yes" answers in the population). Dwork explained that this can meet the differential privacy bound, although most of her own research has been on adding noise at query time rather than at collection time. In that case, you get a "privacy budget" which gets "spent" as researchers query the database and examine it in various ways. Thanks! One difficulty with the "collapses due to the number of holes in it" theory in the context of the DMCA triennial exemption process is that the exemptions expire automatically after three years and have to be re-applied for. "the prohibition contained in subparagraph (A) shall not apply to such users with respect to such class of works for the ensuing 3-year period " (17 USC §1201(a)(1)(D)) (The Copyright Office has also taken the view that the decision to grant an exemption is not directly precedential in the way that a court decision would be -- that there isn't a presumption that it should be renewed, that you can't just say "I propose to renew exemption #2 from 2012 because the Librarian of Congress found it was appropriate then and the same reasons still apply, thanks!" and get a renewal on that basis. So it's quite different from impact litigation that way.) So, for example there's nobody currently directly benefitting from some of the legal work our lawyers did in, say, the 2003 or 2009 exemption processes. Our relationship to the exemption process is complicated. In addition to participating in it every triennial cycle but one, we have also strongly criticized it. Here's an example from 2005 (with the super-retro green and blue logo): https://www.eff.org/document/dmca-triennial-rulemaking-faili... So far the entertainment industry has not accepted the view that DVDs or Blu-ray discs are "a copy of a computer program", so they continue to deny that the §1201(f) exemption will protect you in this context. But this "exemption" that "already exists" isn't a matter of statutory text, it's a claim that some people won't get sued in practice. There are some implementations, like PINQ: http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/projects/PINQ/ One difficulty is that the modification isn't necessarily a one-time thing that then allows the dataset to be published . In many of Dwork's proposed applications, the dataset is maintained by a trusted party and gets modified on-the-fly by adding appropriate noise in response to particular database queries. So for most of these, you can't just imagine "do this to the database, and then you can publish it on your web site"; it has to be interactive. In that case, there just may not be that many situations (yet?) where people agree on who can and can't be trusted with the personal data, and want to cooperate to set up this kind of relationship. I think Dwork's account is that the continued use of services without careful statistical analysis and addition of noise will lead to information leakage. She didn't seem to argue for or against decentralization, but rather that there is no such thing as a non-personally-identifiable fact or a non-privacy-sensitive fact (eventually every fact might lead to some inference that a data subject didn't want to be drawn, in some hypothetical situation). If you suppose that companies only ever respond to financial incentives, then you can imagine changing that behavior by creating a financial disincentive for it, such as legal liability and payment of money damages. The companies don't have to have a sense of morality for this theory to work. 3G provides some cryptographic basis for this, but you might not have a UI on your device to require 3G or to warn you about roaming (which could defend at least against early generations of IMSI catchers). It's kind of like a counterpart to Martin Gardner's amazing observation in aha! Gotcha that you can store books with a single mark on a stick (assuming you can measure tiny distances with superhuman accuracy): http://board.flatassembler.net/topic.php?t=16574 It's not physically realizable: people in that particular comment thread point out problems about the size of an atom, but there's also the Planck length, which I believe people theorize is in some sense a minimum size for objects in our universe, and I calculated that there are only around 2¹¹⁶ of them in a meter, so you could only store 116 bits by making a single Planck length-sized mark on a meter stick. :-( :-( But it's a super-cool idea! I think a lot of corporate entities have seen value in having security improve for everyone -- including their downstream users or customers (who might be at risk of phishing) and their upstream suppliers or vendors, whose software they use directly or transitively trust. So I don't think they will all see reason to keep their research secret or to avoid funding things that are open. Arvind Narayanan has made this observation in terms of the difficulty or impossibilities of anonymizing databases: http://33bits.org/ However, he didn't propose a particular list of 33 questions whose answers are maximally statistically independent. Even with things that are totally uncorrelated, you do get some chance overlap where people happen to have the same answers on a small number of them. For example, if we took the first 33 bits of the SHA256 of one's HN username, you and I happen to agree in positions 7, 8, 11, 13, 15, 17, 18, 19, 21, 26, 27, 28, 29, 31, and 32. (So we could say that each additional bit of that SHA256 value doesn't actually provide a full additional bit of distinguishing power relative to the previous ones.) The ERE described in egrep(1) has backreferences which can match non-regular languages. Are you thinking of some other notion of ERE? Aha, I didn't know about the difference between POSIX ERE and GNU ERE. Thank you! I've been happy to see (and participate in) a recent discussion on software update transparency, which I think could change this situation someday -- assuming software users and publishers have enough interest in reducing the publishers' power. Some publishers understand that a reason to try to do this is to be less vulnerable to coercion, and also to be seen to be less vulnerable to coercion -- like when distributing software to foreigners who think that your local government might try to force you to backdoor it. A recent example I heard along these lines was a Chinese vendor who was interested in pursuing a means to help customers confirm that the software updates they got hadn't been backdoored at the behest of the Chinese government. Technology distributors who are based in other countries might face similar concerns. There are possible structures of problems and solutions in which this search strategy would get stuck in a local optimum -- if you agree that some solutions preclude others or make other problems worse. The EFF Cooperative Computing Award rules, by the way, specifically say that you can't just claim (say) A^(3^16) or A^(3^17) without knowing how to find their decimal expansion. So the possibility that someone would try to use this to claim the awards with no calculate occurred to someone (maybe Landon Noll) back around 1999. Also if the underlying cryptography isn't forward-secure, anyone with the private key can go back and read your recorded SSH sessions, including any kind of secrets that you typed into them (or files that you downloaded with scp or rsync). I don't know under what conditions SSH uses or doesn't use forward-secure key exchange methods. That is great, thank you for the information. Although I think of the powers of two as the natural completion, OEIS finds about 1600 sequences that start 1, 2, 4, 8, and are of some mathematical or cultural interest. http://oeis.org/search?q=1%2C2%2C4%2C8&sort=&language=&go=Se... Maybe it triggers the logic that allows (supposedly) user-added certs to override those pins? (Google was pressured into adding such logic by corporate users, whose IT departments want to -- supposedly openly -- MITM employees' connections.) Edit: I think that's the case. AGL's original announcement of pinning said: "There are a number of cases where HTTPS connections are intercepted by using local, ephemeral certificates. These certificates are signed by a root certificate that has to be manually installed on the client. Corporate MITM proxies may do this, several anti-virus/parental control products do this and debugging tools like Fiddler can also do this. Since we cannot break in these situations, user installed root CAs are given the authority to override pins. We don't believe that there will be any incompatibility issues." https://www.imperialviolet.org/2011/05/04/pinning.html If Chrome thinks that this was a "user installed root CA", it would have been allowed to override the pin. (Disclaimer: I haven't checked that this is right, I'm just using my recollection of how this could work according to AGL's account.) It points to an interesting problem that, while browser vendors officially think that users ought to be notified when someone is using an intercepting proxy -- that it shouldn't be invisible to them -- when users aren't installing their own OS or configuring their own browser, it could be completely invisible in practice. So the IT department-installed or OEM-installed cert is treated as "user-installed" by the pinning logic, and the user never actually gets warned. Yes, thanks for not requiring people to install software to use your service -- something that's already caused me to skip trying several services. I look forward to trying this one when it opens up to the public again! Can you somehow handle requests that are primarily research questions, that don't necessarily culminate in an immediate (or an intermediated) financial translation? I'm just thinking about requests that ask for a recommendation for a product or a service that won't be purchased right away (like finding a certain kind of restaurant with certain parameters, but not getting food delivered from it, or finding a certain kind of professional service without immediately contracting for it). Or for that matter factual questions like "Who won the 2014 Oscar for Best Documentary Feature?". Would this somehow look like "I found 3, and I'll tell you about them for $5, OK?"? Will people be more resistant to paying the fee if the fee is the only item they're paying, rather than bundled with the price of some other transaction? This article and your observation remind me that there's a huge gap between ways in which bugs might be "shallow". If Linus's Law and so on really did rely on people encountering the bugs by chance in everyday use of the software, it's no wonder (in hindsight) this doesn't help with a lot of the security bugs we face, many of which would never be triggered randomly in normal use, but rather require constructing elaborate attack scenarios. Even those that might occur by chance are not likely to be repeatable, and so not likely to get reported or analyzed. Maybe this points to a change in our prototypical concept of a "bug". When ESR first wrote "The Cathedral and the Bazaar", I would have associated "bug" with something like "the TIFFs produced by program A can't be read by program B", or "program C seems to crash if you have a non-ASCII filename", or "program D drops its network connections if more than 65536 packets are received". Today, I would associate it with something like "an attacker who sends a certificate containing an extension with invalid ASN.1 encoding that follows one or more syntactically valid extensions that are marked Critical and that are unknown to the user-agent can get remote code execution" or "an attacker who sends an XML payload that is parsed correctly by library A and incorrectly by library B due to discrepant handling of Unicode escaping can request operations that should be forbidden". Well, a literal hot-off-the-presses example would be a bug in handling multibyte characters in the regular expression library in Flash Player, which was exploitable: http://googleprojectzero.blogspot.com/2015/02/exploitingscve... In other words, these bugs are often complicated artifacts that require research to find and malice to use -- not annoyances and breakages that are frustrating end users every day. There's kind of a considerable gap between formally verified software and test-driven development, though. For example, a parser or the routines that go into it might pass dozens or hundreds of unit tests, yet still fail to parse certain inputs correctly, fail to parse them in exactly the same way as another parser (as Langsec researchers have emphasized, often producing possible time-of-check/time-of-use vulnerabilities), or even have a memory corruption bug. I don't mention this in order to criticize test-driven development or the improvements it can bring to software reliability or safety, just to point out that there's still a big gap from there to a formal proof of correctness. There are some great examples of that (return-oriented programming as a way of getting around non-executable data segments), but surely there are some tools where adopting them was a pure win for safety and correctness over the status quo. The usage "is the ____ Chair" as opposed to "holds the ____ Chair" isn't that uncommon in the academic world (treating the Chair as a unique title, rather than only a position). A few random examples from Google: https://www.design.upenn.edu/city-regional-planning/graduate... Professor Birch is the Lawrence C. Nussdorf Chair of Urban Research and Education. http://www.thelancet.com/lanres/advisory-board Professor Klugman is the William H Foege Chair of Global Health at Emory University, Atlanta, GA, USA. http://www.bahaipeacechair.umd.edu/events/apr29-2015 Professor AMITAV ACHARYA is the UNESCO Chair in Transnational Challenges and Governance and is Professor of International Relations at the School of International Service, American University, Washington, D.C. https://www.law.louisville.edu/faculty/interdisciplinary-cir... Professor Tony Arnold is the Boehl Chair in Property and Land Use. https://www.american.edu/provost/human-rights/Faculty-SIS.cf... Professor Ahmed is the Ibn Khaldun Chair of Islamic Studies who studies American society through the experiences of the Muslim community. That kind of problem used to happen with DOS TSRs (the equivalent of multitasking extensions or daemon processes). It's funny to think that the reason for browser extension incompatibilities is kind of analogous to the reason for TSR incompatibilities: both of them will hook function calls in the system whose functionality they're extending, and make assumptions about how they can alter, act on, or cancel the function call without breaking things, and whether or how it needs to be passed along afterwards. If only one extension is loaded, these assumptions aren't stressed very much, but when several are loaded the assumptions can conflict. (That analogy isn't perfect because the TSRs also had an issue about patching the interrupt descriptor table, which is where the system looks up the location of an interrupt handler; one common problem was that if TSRs weren't unloaded in the same order in which they were loaded, the table could be "restored" with values that were not actually current, which I don't think is a problem that has an equivalent for browser extensions!) I found DDG commonly does worse than Google on long natural-language questions, especially ones that are mainly made up of common words, and also seems to have more trouble than Google with automatically splitting queries into relevant noun phrases (like if a query included "vegetarian restaurant new york", I expect Google more reliably to decompose that into (vegetarian restaurant) (new york) than DDG). But I'll keep an eye out and actually write down particular queries where I see these phenomena, and send them along. Also, revealing your birthdate to the general public could help people convince your bank they're you, or bust a pseudonym that you had been trying to keep separate from your legal name. Huh, it sure got that one right! Way to go. I'll keep an eye out for cases where this does or doesn't work in the future. Google also apparently entirely eliminated the verbatim search mode (some time after making double quotes no longer perform a verbatim search). People now complain that there is no documented way to perform verbatim searches with Google. Aha, that exists in the U.S. too; thanks for the tip. I think I heard a complaint that the current implementation doesn't truly always do a verbatim search, but I tried a couple of experiments and so far it did appear to have the behavior I expected (at least when putting the entire search term in quotes). I agree with your chagrin at the loss of the plus symbol. I'm especially sad to see "desktop" used as a synonym for "Windows". I was going to say "also, isn't the Swedish word for 'quick' snabb ?" But then Wiktionary told me that there is, in fact, also a word kvick with a similar meaning. Extra bonus: it turns out that quick/kvick is cognate with Italian/Spanish/Portuguese vivo 'alive' (which makes the older sense in "the quick and the dead" make more sense, too!). I listened to the whole song and about half the words sounded synthesized to me, while the other half often sounded like they started with a real human voice and maybe were subject to autotuning or heavy postprocessing. Still, there were at least portions of the song where I would have been fooled and said it was a human being singing! (But maybe the prevalence of autotune is actually gradually lowering my standards for what sounds like human signing...) On further listening I think there are some specific syllable codas that sound extremely synthetic, while there are others that sound tolerable. /s/ as the coda seems pretty uniformly bad, while /n/ seems quite good. More listening: the r-colored vowels are pretty uniformly crummy; open syllables are good. I found the words "reflection" and "connection" (in the song "Run Away") pretty impressive. Suprasegmentals are often a weak spot. The parent commenter's post was definitely intended as satire. Wow, you seem to have been way ahead of this project! It seems like this is a kind of equivalent to constant-time operations -- but constant-power operations? Is that also relevant to defending against DPA? Should we think of the proposed technique as a new application of DPA? (Is Cryptography Research going to sue them?) So, this note says that browser JITs are the main thing that typically needs writable and executable memory right now, and the author (Ted Unangst) is going to try to fix that. It seems natural to think that JITs would want that feature (so they can compile things into native code and then jump into it). Can someone who has worked with DOM rendering or Javscript interpreters opine on whether it's plausible to get rid of the use of write+execute memory segments without sacrificing a lot of performance? How is that actually implemented? The hashing algorithm is running on a microcontroller, right? What is it implemented in, and how is it loaded? Thanks for this observation; I've commented on the existing GitHub issue to add this information. https://github.com/jackschaedler/circles-sines-signals/issue... I thought this map http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-462091/How-children-... (which was created in an earlier round of reporting on this topic) was quite impressive. It shows, on a single map, how far each generation of children in a particular family was allowed to walk by their parents. (Spoiler alert: there's a decrease by factors of 6, 2, and 3 in successive generations.)