Is there anywhere to eat on Sandhill Road? It's kind of funny that Sevin Rosen is giving up at the same time Sequoia is scoring on this scale. I'm tuned... what do you mean? this story's still not #1 Can you do it again? yet another advantage of being in the Bay Area very funny, ethan Thanks for the suggestion. If anyone else has suggestions, let us know in the comments on this thread. This is from that terrible book by Nesheim. I wouldn't trust anything he says. Making the site invite-only would be the opposite of what we want. One of the goals of this site is to discover smart people we might not otherwise notice when they apply for funding. Doing things through connections works well in the VC world. Because of the large investments they make, they're more conservative. But in the seed funding business you need to be aggressively democratic. Yeah, I know. The site is at least simple and functional, but we should (and will) make it look better soon. I noticed a several people suggesting features in other threads, so I'm starting one explicitly for that. I know there's a lot that needs improving; the site is pretty bare-bones at this stage. So propose whatever new features you think we need, and vote for the ones that you want most. Spam actually showed up the first day. Fortunately we already had good tools for dealing with it. Not logging users out when we restart the server. (If you find yourself suddenly logged out, that's why. Sorry, will fix.) See http://ycombinator.com/s2007.html for details. The application form lives at http://news.ycombinator.com/apply. Probably time to make urls in comments turn into links. Can you let me know precisely how to reproduce it? Has anyone else experienced anything like this? I hope we can tell the difference between people who are smart and those who are merely articulate. (We all have a lot of experience dealing with hackers, after all.) The server's written in Arc too. I wanted to learn how to write one. We won't clutter it up. Look how minimal the YC site itself is. Several of the startups we've funded use S3, and they seem to like it. That was a bug, not a design choice; I just fixed it. Adam's startup is making software that works closely with Outlook. In that sort of application it might make sense to use Java or C#. We never proposed there was no lower bound; the goal was more to discover where it was. And we now have, I think. Though in fact the main thing we discovered was how fuzzy it is. There really are people who can start a startup when they're 19. Sam Altman, the founder of Loopt, was 19. But for most people the lower bound is about 22. One reason is that most people need to experience what a job is like to be sufficiently motivated to avoid it. Another is that few people are forceful enough at 19. This is weird. I believe you, but I can't reproduce it. Can you send me an email at pg@ycombinator.com? It wouldn't work to assemble teams of cofounders. A startup puts such strains on your friendship that you need it to be an established one. editor: vi, ide: repl This was in fact a bug. It's now fixed. Sorry about that. If anyone cares, it was because the http server is also written in Arc, on top of MzScheme, and we misread the MzScheme doc on make-limited-input-port to believe that limit-k referred to k of bytes. In fact it refers to bytes. So while we thought we were capping http requests at 2 meg, we were in fact capping them at 2k. Dang, after only three days we already have YouTube videos on the front page. (I voted it up though.) It seems a reasonable model to say that outcome = idea x execution, but there's no reason to put the dollar sign on the execution. Rather than outcome = idea x $execution The more honest model would be outcome = $(idea x execution) No picture? IANL but I'm pretty sure YC funding is not enough. But I've heard there are ways to get into (or rather stay in) the US if you go on to raise larger amounts of funding. I think these guys are more serious than they seem. I know James Hong is. You may hit something good by accident, but you don't keep it by accident. Harder to say about the upper bound. The factors you mention may play a role, especially kids. I also think need for money is a factor. Most people who could make money have by 40, and once you have enough, you're less willing to endure the pain of starting a startup. The average age of YC founders is about 25. This is one of my favorite books. I've read it several times. They wouldn't even need this "feature" if they had a more sophisticated algorithm for ranking stories on the frontpage. The source of all their trouble is that a story that makes the frontpage becomes the *top* story on it, instead of working its way up like on reddit (and here). Whoever made the thing is certainly not a born hacker. If you decide to change a vote and click on Back, it takes you right off the page, and if you click on forward again, it restarts. Why does the thing even have to be flash? It could just be an html form. Similar to the point of plagiarism in some respects (there are only three questions on their application form not copied from ours). But there are some differences: 1. They have an official connection to VCs. No one in seed funding can afford to do this, because it means you hose 90% of the companies you fund. If you don't give them their next round, no other VC will either, because you had inside info and you didn't. 2. They make no promise to keep doing this after this summer. YC and its network of other startups will be there to help you a year from now. 3. They give lower valuations: $12.5k for 5% in the average (2.5 founder) case, vs $17.5k for 6%. 4. At the end you demo to investors in the #6 startup market, whereas at YC you get to demo in both #1 and #2. Not at all; we're not VCs. We just do seed funding. That is a very different world. If a seed firm has an official relationship with a VC, that VC will know which of their startups are best. They can't invest in all of them, since the number of startups is so much larger at the seed phase. Any they don't invest in, other VCs will know are rejects. And this is the kiss of death, because the most important thing to most VCs is other VCs' opinion. Both Techstars and the new Lightspeed thing have this problem. At Techstars one of the founders is a VC, and Lightspeed is itself a VC firm. dupe 50 million pounds? That has to be a typo. We'd consider them. We have sometimes accepted companies that have already had a little funding. We prefer companies that aren't incorporated yet, though, because the paperwork is so much simpler. http://ycombinator.com/faq.html Trusted human editors. Am debugging it now. More that you can't count on any given acquirer. Ok, from now on, restarting the server shouldn't log anyone out. Form submissions will still be lost if a restart happens in the middle, though. really? which ones? This is a real problem. When a partner from WSGR came to speak at YC, I asked her what was the single worst mistake made by inexperienced founders, and she said it was being sloppy with stock. They're all not launched and/or making something new. We find two or three works best. One advantage of three is that you have a third person to defuse any dispute between the other two. But if the two founders have known each other long enough, like Emmett and Justin, you may not need that. Fixed. At news.yc we have a plan for linkjacking: the editors just replace the url with the url of the original source. I'm sure anyone who has to deal with cell carriers would say it was a pain in the ass. But that pain also kills off a lot of competitors. Much of Loopt's success is traceable to the fact that they were one of the few groups, if not the only one, who were both great hackers and willing to endure endless meetings with cell carriers. Really? Do you have a reference? this is a duplicate submission It makes you register to even see anything. What were they thinking? This reminds me of those college rankings where they calculate each college's score by dividing the number of books in the library by the percent of faculty with beards. GI, GO. VCs certainly live in a very chummy world, but their valuations are not stingy. In fact they're artificially high, because the structure of VC funds pushes them to make excessively large investments, and that in turn means valuations have to be high or the founders aren't left with enough stock to keep them interested. I read this sort of pre-announcement as a sign of panic. "Wait! Don't use any of those web-based Photoshop replacements. We're going to write a web-based image editor ourselves." Why pre-announce it? To prevent people from using competitors in the meantime. Why the need to do that? Because Adobe is genuinely afraid of those competitors. MSFT used to do this a lot. It doesn't require you to actually have something in 6 months; if people wait, you've achieved your goal. I'm surprised Arrington bought it. I don't believe they have 1400 applicants. I think that must be a misunderstanding; that may be the number of people who'd asked for info about it. None of her arguments are convincing. In particular, it doesn't matter how many other people are starting startups. It's not as if there's some limit to the total number of startups that can succeed. These talks are from the first two startup schools, not YC dinners. However, I believe all of them except Wozniak have spoken at YC dinners as well. These are the dinner speakers this (winter) batch: http://ycombinator.com/w7speakers.html If it's divided into layers, you could release the substrate as open source and keep some of the uppermost bits. Just a dupe, IIRC. It does in a sense, because it makes it faster to add new features. My hunch is that user-generated content still has a long way to run. There were so many people held down by the old narrow-channel world. YC itself is a lot like a user-generated content startup. We encourage young hackers to start their own companies instead of just going to work for existing ones, and we profit (hopefully) by the potential energy thus liberated. My hunch is that user-generated content still has a long way to run. There were so many people held down by the old narrow-channel world. YC itself is a lot like a user-generated content startup. We encourage young hackers to start their own companies instead of just going to work for existing ones, and we profit (hopefully) by the potential energy thus liberated. done Did you not notice that we use nofollow links? Where this guy goes wrong is that he assumes (without realizing it) that there's some limit on the number of startups there can be. But that's probably not true. No one proposes there's any limit on the number of people who can be employed by companies with thousands of people. Why should there be any limit on how many fragments that effort can be broken into? The average YC founder is about 25. The range so far has been from 19 to (I think) 33. Odd that Bill seems to measure the quality of a hacker by his ability to optimize. For me the test of a good hacker is inventing new kinds of software. Bill's test is probably an artifact of Microsoft's circumstances. Presumably hackers there rarely get to initiate new projects. Sequoia. was this a duplicate? I think this is a promising field. We'd be interested in funding more startups doing search. done done There's now a "best ever" page: http://news.ycombinator.com/best This is now fixed: try the "parent" link. we now have this Now that is an interesting idea. I'll mull over ways to do it. We now have this: the "parent" link. This is now fixed. Every form now does a redirect afterwards. (It turned out to be a lot of work. The software used to think in closures and I had to make it be able to think in urls as well.) I'm considering doing this for questions (i.e. submissions with blank urls). I think it would be a bad idea for stories. Google search is pretty big. Is it a social network? Sequoia in a second, if they actually offered at that stage. If a startup was super good, so good that what a top VC offered was rounding error compared to what the startup could do for itself, they might be better off with angel money, because they could name their terms, and they'd probably get a better valuation. Google did that for their early rounds. But few startups are that hot. We're almost as important as Perez Hilton... Ok, we have profiles: click on your name and put whatever you want in the "about" field. Because it's a good idea? Not that you should start a company with a stranger, though; I would not recommend that. I'll check my mail. Meanwhile I'm marking this dead; nothing personal. Not so fast; we are pretty good at repairing ideas. You're only 21? I would have guessed 26. It's hard to say for sure, but I'd guess it's not off by more than a couple years. YC founders probably differ from the average founder more in how hackerly they are than their age. We have a strong bias toward companies run by the people actually writing the software. You don't have to be a US citizen or resident to own a US company. We'll gradually be adding more features of this type. I thought most of them were funny too. Startups are basically comedies, or at least seem so in retrospect. One thing I've learned from YC is that practically all startups are broken in some way, no matter what face they show to the world. And novel kinds of breakage are the basis of humor. I don't think the idea of winning by having super-duper rocket scientists is antiquated. In fact, I think the world is just learning how fearsome a company can be if they get all the smart people. Yahoo discovered something similar in 1995. At the end of Yahoo search results they'd have links to do the same search at other search engines. People were surprised at their confidence at the time. But it wasn't just confidence: it made Yahoo the natural starting point. I think the appeal is like that of a live show vs listening to a recording. My god, is that site cluttered with ads. Looks like a site from 1997. There was no "print friendly" (i.e. human friendly) link either. I just gave up. We have some software for dealing with spammers and voting rings. It's not that visible, but it's there. We're actively trying to avoid the nastiness that seems to take over so many online discussions. That's why there are fewer down-arrows here, for example. I suspect that down arrows are more often clicked on stupidly than up arrows, that if you don't have down arrows you give people fewer ways to inject stupidity into the system. I'll probably never get around to supporting bold text in comments either, for the same reason. To some extent news.yc is protected by being about a topic only a small number of comparatively smart people care about. With any luck we'll never have the full-blown trolls you find on general news sites. I have some ideas for solutions if trolls do start to appear. About 40%. I don't know what we're going to do next year if this keeps up. We'll have to recruit people to help us read the applications. Are there some features I could add that would make YC News itself do what you need in this respect? Comparing investors to record labels etc is a little harsh. They're notorious for leaving bands with nothing. Whereas as rich as investors get from startups, founders get richer. (Myspace is a famous exception precisely because it's an exception.) Two YC startups have gotten bought so far, and the founders made a lot more than we did. Hmmm. In 1997 I was writing ecommerce software, and now I'm working on a news site... We know these guys pretty well and we like them. They understand hackers better than most VCs. While DH is a smart guy, one of our rules of thumb at YC is to be skeptical of any application containing the phrase "semantic web." It's a bad idea magnet the way AI was in the 1980s. That is what I'm thinking about right now. We said explicitly when we started news.yc that one goal was to get to know founders before they applied to us. I think I'll add messaging next. If anyone has suggestions about how it should work, or other community features we should add, just let us know in this thread. Actually this year we're tightening up security a bit. Please don't just show up. It's very nice of Stanford to lend us the auditorium, and we don't want to be bad citizens. If we have too many people for the room, the campus police won't like it. Both are true, but there's no contradiction: people are selective about who they "network" with, and they select based on ability. I think it was an O'Reilly blog post about news.yc. wc -l The reason those early articles got so many points is that the decay function was broken initially. Instead of accelerating downward off the frontpage with age, the velocity of stories' fall actually decreased. Because of this bug some of those stories stayed on the frontpage racking up votes for 4 days. It's not only me who kills them. There are a bunch of people (mostly founders of startups we've funded) who have editor auth. 90% of dupes and spams are dead before I see them. Editors can also fix typos and replace linkjacks with the url of the original article. We got another day's stats so as long as the story was still live I just updated the url. Here's the old one: http://ycombinator.com/ycnewstraffic.png Oddly enough I'd never checked before, but as of now there are 1426 accounts. The reddits told me once that about 1 out of 10 visitors there is logged in, so this seems about right. You don't miss out, because introductions flow so freely. It's not hard to find someone two hops from anyone you want to meet, and once you've done that (if you seem worth introducing), the two hops happen fast. We have YC T-Shirts, and they say "Make something people want" on them. All the people we fund get them. This is definitely coming soon. Yes, they're VCs. I think they'd be more willing to do small (e.g. 500k) deals than many other VCs though Long term, certainly. There are a lot more features coming. There are actually three kinds of shirts: gray ones that say MSPW, plum-colored ones that say "Strap on some plums" (the other half of succeeding in a startup), and black ones, of which there are only 7 in existence, that say "I made something people want." To get one, just fill out this simple form: http://news.ycombinator.com/apply Actually I'm planning to add more stuff to help people meet communicate with one another. The new "about" field in the profile is a step toward that. I don't want to just solve YC's problem; I want to make this site do what users need. I don't think creating buzz prior to launch is that necessary for most startups. The question is more how to get a lot of people to the site after there's something to do there. It's so hilarious the way they keep this stuff at arm's length. They can't say tag cloud without scare quotes (I'm with them there) and yet *they're making one*. Sorry, can't be president (born in England). But as far as I know there is no reason you can't start a company on a student visa. You can't be hired by someone else's company, but you don't have to be a US citizen or resident to own a company based in the US. Weymouth. My father was working at Harwell. Actually 2 out of 4 YC founders are immigrants. Trevor's from Canada. At Viaweb, two of the three main hackers (Robert and Trevor) were in grad school the whole time and actually got their degrees. In fact, Trevor got his a day or so before the Yahoo deal closed, and was the subject of Viaweb's last press release: http://www.paulgraham.com/tlbphd.html I believe some cofounders can still be in grad school, as long as at least one isn't. I think 4 out of 39 startups have had a female cofounder. This reflects fairly accurately the proportion of women among the applicants. I think the reasons there are so few women are that (a) fewer women are fanatical about technical stuff, and you have to be kind of a fanatic to start a startup, and (b) fewer women are willing to have their lives consumed by work, which is what happens to most founders of successful startups. Y Combinator itself has a female co-founder: http://foundersatwork.com/jessicalivingston.html We've talked about the question a fair amount, and I think she would agree with the explanation above. [edit: changed 3 to 4] It's not a dealbreaker for us. It becomes more of a dealbreaker as the amount of the investment grows. For VCs doing a multi-million dollar series A round, it almost certainly would be. It's not a dealbreaker for us. It becomes more of a dealbreaker as the amount of the investment grows. For VCs doing a multi-million dollar series A round, it almost certainly would be. Oops, it is 4. I forgot one. Capoeirista, would you mind sending me an email at pg@ycombinator.com? It looks like you recently tried to submit a comment that tripped a bug in the software, possibly due to some weird characters in it. If you can tell us what you were doing, it will help us diagnose the bug. Thanks. that's for *rob* conway It's very amusing the way they're just doing an end-run past all the bureacratic stuff cooked up by the city. That's the great thing about startups; they just flow right around gatekeepers. I believe they were his grad students. Founder from The Apprentice. Name = Zoodango. I'm not sure if the Bubble is really back, but I'm increasingly noticing something that was a component of it: startups that sound like they were cooked up by The Onion. I think most people who invest in startups do it in the hope of actually making money. And while the average return may be negative, the best investors make a lot. You just have to be honest with yourself about whether you're a good investor. At YC what drives us to make money is not wanting to be bad at what we do. If all the startups we fund fail, then we look bad, and we are the kind of people who really hate to look bad. That's arguably one of the unseen benefits of YC: if someone takes funding from us, they put themselves in a position where if they fail, we fail. YC is so public that we work much harder to make sure companies succeed than we would if we cared only about the returns. Believe it or not, some may. Several top-tier VCs have told me (truthfully or not) that some lower-grade VCs know their funds are never likely to make money, and they're just doing it for the fat management fees. dupe http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=1015 That's exactly how we look at it: the most important thing we offer is advice and connections, and the money is just to pay your living expenses so that you can focus entirely on the startup for long enough to get it properly launched. It always annoys us when people say YC is a ripoff because we want an avg of 6% of a co for $15-20k. One reason we don't argue (much) with people who say that is that we treat the question as a sort of preliminary IQ test in the application process. Because (a) putting our own money in is a test of our commitment and forces us to pay attention, and (b) a lot of the founders would be distracted by money issues and wouldn't be able to focus on their startups. Actually the scalability of YC is a fascinating question. As hackers we're always thinking about that. And of course as hackers we have ideas about how to do it. We've been gradually growing the number of startups in each batch. But we often speculate about what we'd have to do to fund, say, 1000 startups per year. There has to be some way to do it. Whatever the answer is, it would be something to see, wouldn't it? You can't talk about VCs generally because there's such a difference between the good ones and the bad ones. The good ones serve their investors pretty well. We'd never compete with VCs, incidentally. It's a completely different world from ours. They invest on behalf of other people (or more often, institutions). So while they have huge resources at their command, they have to answer to their investors, and this makes them excessively conservative. We much prefer using our own money, even if it limits what we can do. Interesting question. It might actually be ok to take money from a firm like that, if you didn't have any better alternatives. You wouldn't have the brand or connections of a top VC, but you'd at least have the money, which is not nothing. That's not my list; that's just the list of names I got from asking people I know. There are a few firms on it that I haven't met partners from personally, and quite a lot of partners I know who didn't make the list. We don't have an official relationship with any VC firm, but we did invite GK to Demo Day. We already do this. We actively introduce new founders to "alumni" that can help them. There are now a lot of them. At the first dinner, instead of having an outside expert speak, we invite all the alumni. This time there were more speakers than audience at that dinner. The peer-to-peer aspect of YC already scales. The hard part to scale is what we partners do. Going back to school is not identical with giving up. Some founders go back to school and keep working on the startup while there. However, those do so much worse than the people who work on the startup full-time that going back to school seems, in practice, not too far removed from a death sentence for a startup. Off the top of my head, I'd guess we've had about 8 startups where the founders went back to school. It doesn't only happen with summer batches. Founders from winter batches do it too. Usually the reason is that the startup isn't doing very well. However, that judgement depends a lot on how determined the founders are. One reason we now shy away from funding people still in school is that they often unconsciously want the startup to fail, because the idea of dropping out frightens them. A lot of startups look bad after 3 months. Someone who's out of school and has to make it work or get a job in a cubicle will say "don't worry, we'll figure out how to make it successful." Yes, but that is not surprising, because the biggest predictor of success is determination. In startups, merely being determined to succeed tends to make it so, if you're reasonably smart and flexible. The Kikos are the only startup so far that has died of causes not of their own making. As everyone will soon realize when they launch justin.tv, they did not fail because of lack of balls. There are few photos of YC dinners. Usually we'd frown on it because it would be distracting. But we wanted some new images for our site, so we asked one of the founders who was a good photographer to take some. The speaker that week was Ron Conway. We also had Steven Levy and Paul Buchheit visiting. This is like a beaten defender grabbing a forward's shirt as he runs by. Time to sell VIA and buy GOOG. I better get to work on messaging. http://www.auralex.com/acoustic_studiofoam_4p/acoustic_studiofoam_4p.asp I know of cases where cofounders met at startup school, but we haven't funded any. The most ad hoc group of founders we funded were a pair who knew one another online but hadn't met. That didn't work out very well. To combat linkjacking, people with editor auth can replace linkjacked urls with the url of the original source. The original submitter still gets the karma points though; he was after all the one who brought it to everyone's attention. If the success rate for VC funded startups is 18%, then I could easily believe the overall rate is 10% or lower, because angels fund more startups than VCs, and they are less selective. This graph contains pretty dramatic news: the lowest quarter of VCs used to make small positive returns up till 1997, and since then they've consistently lost more and more money. It looks like a lot of dumb money arrived in 1997. Vote this up if you want the fonts bigger and visited links darker. I think it's reasonable to design for the 53,651. What they use, others will later. The Apple II was designed for the 53,651. Or if you prefer things the way they are, vote this up. The downward slope is almost certainly due to the increase in money being put into VC funds. Without a corresponding increase in the number of promising startups, the returns have to fall. The graph is a visual illustration of the standard VC complaint: too much money chasing too few deals. Apparently VCs put $238 million into Tellme. That is a lot of funding. We like people who work on things for fun because it shows they really like hacking. That's why we have a question on the application form asking "what cool things have you built?" On the other hand, if someone were spending time on side projects during the first few months of their startup, that would be a bad sign. It ought to. Among other things, one ought to get first wind of new trends (including potential competitors) on a site like this. Maybe it's time I finally explained the math of taking investment. You should give up n% of your company iff (not a typo) what you'll get in return for it will increase the value of the remaining (100 - n)% enough to put you net ahead. So in the case of YC, you should trade us 6% of your co if you think that the money plus whatever else we add will increase your average outcome by 7%. (.94 x 1.07 > 1) Do we increase the average outcome of the startups we fund by 7%? I think few would say we didn't. I'd guess we at least double the outcome for the average startup. We see them; you have to if you want to catch abuses like voting rings and sockpuppets. But I can't actually remember any votes, no. SQL injection? You'd need something more like alist injection. Creative? The striking thing to me is how similar they all seem. Except Jamglue of course... This is from 2000, Feb 2000 no less. I don't know of anyone saying this kind of thing today. Investors are certainly looking for companies that can go public or get acquired. Arguably only those, in fact. What's changed is that no one now would expect that in 12-18 months. That was just Bubble craziness. desperation Yes, few professional investors would be interested. No matter what they claim about wanting to build long-lasting companies, the structure of VC funds requires them to have exits. Interestingly, though, you'd also be out of luck with a lot of potential employees. The more ambitious ones want options that might make them rich. Without any prospect of an exit, you lose all the hotshots to competitors who offer such a prospect. That's why big, private tech companies are so rare. Yes, I agree with you there. Never estimate what hackers can do. Robert was so anti-publicity that he refused to let me list his name on the About page. As a compromise he let me list him under a pseudonym. "The Bunster" was his girlfriend (now wife). We put a gratuitous cgi-bin in the urls to throw off potential competitors, so they wouldn't guess how our software worked. Not sure if any were even sophisticated enough to wonder about that, in retrospect. Looks like it was designed by a billboard designer rather than a page designer. This is probably a very incomplete list. I've heard they've been buying several per month. Most are so small they don't have to disclose them. Why just a screenshot instead of a link to the site? Google wasn't just underground then; it didn't exist. Google wasn't founded till a year later. What he's really thinking is how few good people they leave for Microsoft. Nearly everyone who gets an offer from both must choose Google. So the more people Google hires each year, the lower down the list Microsoft's top recruits start. done; we now have all three of these there is a prototype of this at news.ycombinator.com/active done (by you, in fact) If other people agree with this, please upvote joshwa's suggestion. If you want to keep things the way they are, upvote this reply. you can now delete a comment if it has no children by editing it blank done prototype at news.ycombinator.com/active Wow; my slight annoyance at having someone write software I wish I was writing (instead of working on my damned talk for startup school) is outweighed by how impressed I am at your initiative. Plus it's actually useful... It's not wider. Perhaps it seems wider because the top bar is narrower. duplicate Would this work for a company designing a car? So why should we expect it to work for software? Shows how far behind these guys are. There are other ways of ordering comments. Hmm, that's true. So should I add a preview page (thereby making the bookmarklet less immediate)? Their logo, incidentally, was done by Alexis Ohanian, who invented the Reddit alien. Unfortunately this is one of the later editions, "revised" by Carnegie's wife after his death. I would only recommend reading earlier editions: http://abebooks.com/servlet/SearchResults?an=dale+carnegie&tn=friends+influence&yrh=1960 I keep meaning to write this one, but it is extremely dangerous territory. One of the many strange things you discover when you get rich is how dangerous it is to talk about it. Most people don't mind, but occasionally one will go nuts on you in a way that is enough to make you not want to talk about the subject at all. We have no idea how much money something like YC might make long term. VC is a well understood business, but this is completely new. We're in the black at the moment, but not buying jets. We lost money on Kiko, incidentally. Their later stage investors got paid back, and the founders made a little, but YC got 38 cents on the dollar. You don't have to keep anything secret for our sake. This batch we funded three companies that were already launched, Buxfer, Weebly, and Virtualmin. Oops, true, make it four. The VC model encourages/forces founders to go for huge exits. You can't do a series A round and then sell the company for 10 million. Probably not even 20. The VCs won't let you. So they're more likely to get the giant outcomes that make up for the losses on the rest of their portfolio. Whereas there's nothing to prevent the founders of a startup we fund selling early for comparatively little. Also, VCs have leverage working for them. They get a percentage of the returns on other people's money. We're using only our own. Smaller principal x lower returns = less profit. Probably. But we're hoping to make enough that we can at least keep doing this. He's coming to startup school too. Speaking at startup school, in fact, so you'll see the speaker's eye view of some of it. Incidentally, I don't think they are, unless forced to. I think they just like to have such plans in readiness to keep the backbone owners in line. IANL, but I'll take a risk here and say you don't need anything at all. I don't think reddit had any legal boilerplate when they launched, for example. No one cares about this kind of stuff till you're big. So get big and then worry about it. Where does she get this constant stream of stock photos? Dangerously addictive. I must have spent two hours looking at that site today. There are 13 startups this winter. But there were more than that at this dinner; alumni often come to dinners too. We probably had closer to 50 people here today. We actually ran out of food, so it was handy those guys sent us pizzas. Justin's speaking at startup school; maybe that's what you're thinking of. Maybe, but there may be better ways of showing the same info. yes How could a phrase that never meant anything in the first place be over? What one would really have to ask is, is the Web over? And when you phrase it that way you realize what a ridiculous question it is. I believe it. Oddly enough, it's lonely even when there are a couple of you. This is one of the main reasons we do YC in batches. The startups all become one another's friends, because they're all in the same situation. I think it's well worth the inconvenience of moving in order to have a large group of energetic and sympathetic peers. That's the deal with college, after all. coming soon What makes you think they're investors? I don't see any mention of funding on their site. All they say is that they're "all about entrepreneurship," whatever that means. You can't quite treat the company as being worth the post-money valuation after a VC round. Angels would pay way more than 1% of the pmv to buy 1% of a company Sequoia had just backed. What they'd pay is the market price. It wasn't a stunt; that was all too real. They spurned microcomputers at first too. Big cos will always be the last to adopt new technology. This doesn't mean things are hopeless for startups, though. It just means they won't get the big cos as customers till they themselves grow larger. Or to put it more optimistically, that they will grow larger by gradually consuming the market share of the "incumbents." Tufte's Visual Display of Quantitative Information and Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People . Ever wonder why a big co like Microsoft would have a "VC summit?" Traditionally the point was to explain where Microsoft planned to expand, in order to frighten VCs out of investing in companies in that area. VCs being what they are, that kind of thing works surprisingly well. Bummer; I thought this was going to be an announcement about a new program where they closed deals quickly. The startup funding business needs something like that. Current funding procedures are a huge time suck for founders, who need to be working on their software, not spending weeks negotiating with investors. Most founders would trade valuation to get deals to close faster. At least, I'd advise them to. Enough, obviously, because we've had several startups that got acquisition offers after three months. "Approaching the question?" How about just answering truthfully? What would someone have to offer, assuming nothing else about the deal? If you put some high number no one would offer, you're not really answering the question, are you? If you say you'd need 20 million, I'm going to ask: so if someone offered 19, you'd say no? Honestly, this is not a hard question. We're not asking you what you think we want as a return. We're asking what you'd take. So if you think 3 million is a fantastic deal, then you haven't answered the question correctly. We're not asking what you think would be a fantastic deal, but what would be the worst deal you'd still accept. Would you really turn down 2 million for three months' work? Incidentally, we don't even think about what we want as a return. Some VCs may, but we don't. We just fund anyone who seems good, and assume the returns will take care of themselves. You can't count Netscape; most of their traffic comes from people clicking on the wrong thing by mistake. This will be an interesting data point about whether two giant companies (and not even technology companies) can produce something to compete with a startup. I think the odds are heavily against them. In fact, it might be worth starting the startup they'll have to buy when their own in-house development efforts fail. More Javascript. CSS for a lot of things we did with images. Pages could look a lot better. Otherwise it would probably be pretty similar. I think Weebly may be planning to add shopping stuff, in which case they'll become it. Hmm, I don't know. How could they get into funding and have any pretense of journalistic objectivity? And if they stopped being a good source of startup info, readers would go elsewhere, and they'd lose the original source of their power. O'Reilly can go into venture funding without compromsing the original source of their cred, which is technical books. It would be much harder for a journalist covering startups. If an organization even uses the word "overtime," they're not a startup. In a startup you just take it for granted you're working all the time. You don't have a special word for it. In a sense, by definition not, since good design is design that achieves its purpose. Sometimes ultraclean design can send a message of fanciness or snobbishness that turns off "ordinary" people. But I think a good designer can temper that fairly easily. It probably means never having to work again on something you don't like. Esp. if you're young when you get it. I have no idea. Usually midweek will be highest for a site like this, but that was an unusually large spike. These guys made the slideshow on http://ycombinator.com btw. If TechCrunch were funding startups as well as reporting on them, no competitor or potential competitor of any startup they'd funded would feel comfortable talking to them. And since no one would know exactly who they were funding or about to fund, no one would feel safe telling them anything except already public information. That would eliminate the scoops that make TechCrunch what it is. that is a great mascot Hmm, that would be in the right ballpark. We might make it free for the lowest tier of users. The one problem with that, though, is that the users of this application are merchants. If you make it free without some other form of authentication, you make it easy for crooks to set up fake stores in order to defraud people. or more precisely, harder The "gifted" is a little misleading. We're pretty explicit that we think succeeding in a startup depends more on determination than intelligence. Oddly enough, though, "gang" is on the mark. One of the unexpected consequences of funding large batches of startups is that they form a fairly tough peer-to-peer mesh to help one another. If only one could buy puts on this thing... (a) Most people either don't have the energy to start a startup, or don't want the stress. For them jobs are right. (b) For the earliest employees, it's more like being a founder than having a normal job. Jeez, Fred, don't tell everyone. Probably the finger-wag: http://www.flickr.com/photos/socialmoth/405509951 (Rtm started it.) Any company that can deal with that kind of traffic has to be at least fairly good at technology. But I think he meant more than that. He meant they approach problems (including nontechnical ones) the way technical people do. That's an interesting idea. And it seems to be working, too. Sure, I know. It's false (of course). Sounds like something written by someone we turned down. What is RWW? As amusing as Philip's story is, screwups that spectacular are rare. This must be what Hotmail founder Sabeer Bhatia meant when he complained in Founders at Work that DFJ had claimed they'd invented his idea. Yes, we've funded people who've never been to college, along with a large number who didn't finish. Yes; we've had several people in their 30s. We get a lot of people in their early 20s, but that's probably just because more of them are starting startups. Justin.tv is going to be a network. So this isn't a network of knockoffs, just a knockoff. This is exactly why we nagged them incessantly to launch. Other people had to be working on it. But if you launch first, the latecomers are described as "justin.tv." People need a name to talk about something, and if you're doing something there's no name for, they just use the name of whoever was first. If we didn't allow people with criminal records, we would have had to exclude one of our own partners. And it's not even a good name! We could come up with something better than that in 5 minutes. Ouch. At that stage they're mostly lowball offers, never more than about 2 million. No one took one. This is pretty cool. Wish I'd implemented a save feature already... No, of course they didn't ask permission to copy the application form. And it's not just the application form. Reading their site is a freaky experience, because I keep coming across bits and pieces of my own thoughts, and even idioms. I'm a bit indignant about the whole operation, actually. I feel like J. K. Rowling would feel if she came across a book that was set at a boarding school for kids with magical powers, with a hero called Henry Potter, who lived with his disagreeable non-magical ("moggle") step-parents, his own parents having been killed by the evil Valdemort... That was one of the three questions they didn't copy from ours. Don't worry, this is like being sued by Viacom-- it will only happen if you get really big. errands What a crock. Sure, 99% of small businesses don't need outside investment. But 99% of small businesses aren't startups. They're hair salons and landscaping companies. This whole article is based on a misunderstanding of the word "startup". We often think about that. We could hire assistants, so we didn't have to do everything ourselves. Or we could make YC work more peer-to-peer. Or we could build a robot that would walk around telling everyone "don't make users register," "delete half the text on your frontpage," "face the audience when you're presenting," etc, and I could just hang out in the next room with a book and a cup of tea. Right now it's the number of good applications. That number appears to be increasing fairly rapidly, though. Then it will be our attention. Part of the reason the number of applications isn't that much higher than it was the first time is that we've changed our approach to founders. Initially we pitched YC as a substitute for a summer job for students. Then we realized that we wanted people more committed than that-- that it was actually bad to fund people still in school, in fact, because it's so easy for them to give up. We will fund people still in school. (The founders of Weebly were.) But they have to be serious about starting a company. It's not like anyone upvotes her now. Consider figuring this out part of the application process. Google is welcome to apply. We do sometimes fund expensive projects. Then the focus is not so much to get something launched in three months but just to build a good demo to take to VCs to raise more. I think there is probably a lot of opportunity for smart little startups to compete with enterprise software in the way microcomputers competed with mainframes. Just make something good that everyone can use, and eventually businesses will realize they can use it too. You know a technology is bad when someone linking to it has to say "warning" after the link. PDFs are also in this category. I'm going to add explicit support for polls. As soon as I get done reading hundreds of YC applications :( Oddly enough, yes. I often think of things they could do better. One would be to let their hackers just release stuff they build, without worrying that it would harm the Google brand. Initial releases are often lame. If you insist something is great before it can be released, you kill a lot of ideas before they have time to grow. And I suspect Google's brand is judged by the best stuff they do, not the worst. If they told people they were just letting their hackers launch whatever they wanted, and that most of it would be bad, users would understand. the logo says it all Google? We encourage startups to explain themselves this way to investors and reporters, but not necessarily to think of the project in these terms themselves. Though the Zenters were pretty clever about their X of Y: they chose Gmail precisely because it was not merely web-based mail, but redefined what a mail program could be. Stop it with the sockpuppet accounts or we'll ban the site. We do, in a sense: some people who apply we already know, because people we've funded recommended them. If you can impress the founders of a YC startup, that counts for a lot. This site was designed partly as an additional filter. It works too. When I met danielha I knew his name because he was #1 on News.YC. I certainly view hacking as a lifelong profession. The reason I started a startup was not so I didn't have to work, but so I could work on what I wanted-- particularly unprofitable stuff like programming languages. Ask the founders of auctomatic; they're currently doing it. This just freaks me out. I can't wait for this one to slide down the frontpage... He had a point. He just phrased it in a way that alienated a lot of people. But there is a certain energy and willingness to see things in unconventional ways that most people lose as they get older. I also think the world is changing to value it more. Math, for example, is famously a young man's game. And I think the world is changing so that more things are like math. I was never 100% sure about "net neutrality" (99% maybe) till I read the opposing view by Mike McCurry. What a blatant piece of hired hackwork. The side that needs to employ someone to write things like that must be the wrong side. Just send an email to founders at their domain name. It's true that making something people want, if you push it too far, would cause you to make something dangerously addictive. But very few startups are that successful; 99.9% of them err on the side of not making something attractive enough. So "Make something people want" is like "Get more exercise." Plus, if you want to try to replace this rule with one that works in that additional .1% of cases as well, it's hard to say what it should be. "Make something people should want?" Then you're on the road to fascism (if you have a lot of power) or failure (if you're just a little startup). I suspect that "Make something people want" is optimal in the same way democracy is. As Churchill said, it's the worst form of government except all the others. I think it's time for Alexa to die. Their stats have always been a dangerously misleading source of data. Now they're behaving evilly too. If anyone wants to apply to YC with an idea for a replacement, we'd be excited to fund such a company. This is not a classified ad service. Yipes, these guys are even worse plagiarists than Techstars. There are whole chunks of near verbatim text. http://www.iventures10.com/funding.html The deadline was in Feb though. How can I have never heard of this? Did they even go ahead with this thing, or did they build the site and then change their minds? Yes, but if you stop to think about it, what you've described is 95% of what doing a startup consists of. So saying yes to that = yes, we help people with their startups. Sure. Most of what we do isn't based on specific domain knowledge anyway. I think they can do better if they make you look at more images, but for this online version they wanted to strike a balance between that and having people actually finish. They must be checking a cookie match or something. I can get it. Stupid move not to assume people would link directly to their results page. Let's leave it up for a bit and see if they can fix that. To be honest, not much. We may use Pairwise seriously in the next round, but this is just a prototype. In particular, we don't care much about the specific metrics this test tries to measure. The Pairwise guys chose those; we had nothing do to with it. When we use this for real, all we'll care about is one measure: how close one comes to the best founders. We don't care what atoms are in that molecule. The difference between this and spam is that the cycle time is too long for people to learn efficiently how to beat the system. A spammer can write an email and send it to his gmail acct and know in 30 sec if it beats the filter. We only accept applicants every 6 months. Interesting how much a startup was like a big company that far back. Two whole days of meetings? Ugh. Larry and Sergey went to Michigan and Maryland. Woz went to Berkeley. Jobs, I think, did one semester at Reed. I don't think it matters super much in starting a startup. Stanford is a good place to go if you want to start a startup simply because it's in the middle of Silicon Valley and thus infused with startup culture (in a way that MIT definitely isn't). But you already seem to have that down. However, where you go to college can have a great effect on how much fun you have and how much you learn, and that is the most important thing. I'd just go wherever seems to you to have the best intellectual vibe. We would never use only the test. At most we'd use it to prompt us to take a second look at someone we were about to reject. I don't know about biotech, but in sw, not unless (a) it's based on your research and (b) there are patents involved. Even then universities tend to be accomodating. They make more money by not pissing off founders. Hmm, you're right. http://www.pitt.edu/HOME/PP/policies/11/11-02-01.html I suspect these rules are really meant for biotech research, though. They'd never get away with applying them to web stuff. If I were a student and started working on a web project, I'd ignore these rules. Harvard's policy http://www.techtransfer.harvard.edu/PatentPolicy.html says, except for some medical stuff, your inventions are your own. So Pitt's policy is in fact unusually harsh. I suspect they wouldn't dare enforce it in practice. A lot of these people are famous for stuff they did earlier, sometimes decades earlier. I'm sure techstars would take anyone who made it to the interview stage at YC, regardless of deadlines. We tell people finally on the 22nd, not the 29th. Which is still after the 16th, but only 6 days after. yes That name will not help them. All themselves. These guys are literally what they seem on their show: four recent college grads in an apt. Practically all the current batch of YC startups are using S3. We don't accept a fixed number of applicants. We'll fund anyone who seems good enough. If we suddenly got 30 great applications, we''d accept them all, and worry later about how to cram them all into our space. Last cycle we invited about 30, but there is no fixed number. Nor is there any fixed number of startups we fund per cycle. We accept every group that seems good enough. The seed business is national. Almost everyone who applies to Techstars will apply to YC as well. Since I honestly can't see any reason anyone would prefer them to us, that means their destiny is to fund people we reject. The best startups we reject are the ones that make it to the interview stage. If they had left out Arc, it would have actually been a good idea. 2nd and 3rd Not as annoying as the ACM charging people to read articles. I bet that doesn't last too much longer. I disagree that most ventures fail because of problems between founders. That is fairly common, but the commonest cause of failure is that the product is a dog. We don't only accept 13 startups. There just happen to be 13 in the current batch. Our policy is, and always has been, to accept as many as we think are good enough. And incidentally, that claim about funding hundreds of companies is characteristically bogus. That number must come from all the investments made by VC funds during the time Brad Feld et al worked for them. That's like claiming that because you worked for Microsoft for a while, you wrote millions of lines of code. And even so the big winners they "point at" are not much more valuable than the companies YC has funded, despite the fact we're only 2 years old. I actually care a lot about the last question. It often makes me give an application a second look. I don't think the other 3 YC partners care very much about it though. Blake and Joe are nice guys; I would recommend this job to anyone. And if you do end up employee #3 of Parakey, you'll be in a pretty enviable position. News.YC isn't trying to compete with Digg and Reddit. Really; the last thing I need is to have to manage servers with that kind of traffic. The goal here is just to be the watercooler of the startup world. That is a quite small world, tens of thousands at most. I'd much rather this site had really good comments than huge volumes of traffic. I guarantee you, anything the NSA wants that Verisign has, they can get. Hmm, maybe so; I changed the title. dupe: http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=363 They already hang around here. Not to get to know people so much as to see what's going on in the startup world. Traffic's been rising consistently. Today (GMT) we got 21,117 page views, the second highest day so far. That would be Y Combinator. Here's the patent: http://tinyurl.com/2ew52t On a cursory reading, it looks like a joke. All it seems to say is that they compile other languages into Javascript. There's tons of prior art involving compiling one high level language into another. IANL, but I think everyone can just ignore this. It would never stand up in court. But our goal is to hook people up with investors, and investors are eager to invest in anything promising. Most great hackers can make something promising enough to interest investors in 3 months, esp. with our advice about how to do it. Halfway through this I noticed the phrase "new economy" and thought what? Then I checked the top and noticed it was written 7 years ago. The article's a list of (mostly) necessary rather than sufficient conditions. But even that is rare enough. In our experience, these official angel groups are a waste of time. They don't get technology, and they're very slow and bureaucratic. Real angels often form a syndicate to invest in a startup. That kind of one-time group is ok, of course. Overall the more successful startups are less likely to move "home." And among successful ones that did, in all but one case, home happened to be a startup hub. E.g. Iminlikewithyou went to NYC, TextPayMe to Seattle. The one exception so far is Wufoo, who moved back to Florida. Yeah, true; ok, Wufoo and Inkling. users, not usage Man, those Ustream guys are such fakers. They don't have any technology; they just use a laptop with a webcam and a wireless connection. And yet reporters keep mentioning them as if they were comparable. A bit like the seed funding business, come to think of it... Most American corporations are registered in Delaware. It's just the standard thing to do. I think because legal stuff works best there. You can't convince us of that. Anyone who's been funded by YC knows that what we do, we have to do in person. We once tried funding a group that didn't move. When they flew in for demo day, they looked like the plant that hadn't gotten the Miracle-Gro. The upside of that rather expensive experiment was that it showed us how much YC helps people. Yes, the moving expenses come out of the 5K + 5Kn. What we mean is that we write you an initial check personally for those. In theory it's supposed to be suitable for both groups. People who have cheap lives, like recent grads, can actually do everything on our funding. People with expensive lives may not be able to, but they'll also tend to have savings. I don't know how much detail I can go into without messing up potential patent applications, but their infrastructure took them about 6 months of very hard work to build, and they are first-rate hackers. We got 421 applications. That's more than past cycles, maybe because we're getting better known. This will be the last time we disclose application numbers though. Now that we have competitors (or at least imitators), we don't want to get into a number-of-applicants contest. It's easy to inflate that number, by encouraging undergrads and single founders to apply, but we don't want to go there. The big difference this time is the increase in the number of applicants from overseas. Otherwise the people and the ideas are like previous years. We're always trying to push the limits. Probably not the youth limit, because we started out pushing that, and know pretty well where the edge is. But we may, for example, accept a large number of groups this time. We'll see how many are good. I just upmodded this post and your karma went up by a point. But I did just release a new version, so if anyone notices a bug, let me know. In most batches the oldest founder is around 33 or 34. We don't have a rule about this; it just works out that way. Maybe this sounds harsh, but I feel like I can tell just from their logo that they're doomed. We already have some practice scaling. The first batch was 8 startups, and the most recent 13. I think we could get to 20 or even 30 without changing the model substantially. Beyond that we might have to hire people, or get alumni to help. So far, foreign founders seem a bit more serious. Makes sense, because merely coming to the US is a big step for them. That's what we call it internally. It would have to have some notation for parse trees, and if that wasn't s-expressions, it would probably be something less convenient, not more. Of his reasons, 1 and 2 are mistaken. If a startup with a single founder looks especially promising, we don't simply reject them; we get them to find one. And we have no bias toward consumer apps. Two of the most successful startups we've funded (neither is launched yet) are doing stuff for businesses. The reason we fund more consumer apps is simply that more apply. BTW, we're soon going to announce a third plan B, which we hope will be a better alternative to this or Techstars: to work for a YC "alumni" company. While some (e.g. Loopt) are quite established, others are so new that you could be the first hire, which is very much like being a founder. It was $10,000. Julian was the model for YC. He incorporated us, gave us $10k, and taught us how to raise more. We know that's enough, because it was for us. Though the number of blogs is still growing, the volume of blog posts may have peaked in mid 2006. Hard to say for sure; maybe just a temporary plateau; but definitely not clear upward growth. Wufoo and Likewithyou are doing it themselves. They have design backgrounds. Loopt is now a big co and presumably paid a good design firm. I think Scribd has an outside designer too. Congratulations; this is the first submission to be killed for being offtopic, rather than spam. Sorry, but this has to happen or news.yc will drift toward the usual fate of all the top links being gags. Actually the way most VCs say no is either by not returning your phone calls, or by saying "looks interesting; let's keep in touch," while not actually giving you a termsheet. Things change fast in the startup world, so VCs always want to leave the door open in case you suddenly take off. (Taking off can mean becoming popular with users, or just other VCs.) As a rule they reject you in ways that can be claimed later not to be a rejection. If YC is for losers, then Robert and Trevor and I are losers ourselves, because we modelled it on how we started Viaweb. We took $10k in seed funding from our friend Julian, who (since he was a lawyer) also set us up as a company. For us, Julian's help was both a necessary and sufficient condition of getting launched. Nothing has changed since then about life in the seed stage. Sure, maybe you can get to the next stage on $200k instead of a $2m series A round like in the Bubble, but initially you still need at least a few months' living expenses. I only skimmed that [what should I call it? article?], but I did notice one other thing that's mistaken. We don't judge people by their karma on news.yc, but by the quality of their comments and submissions. Surely that is a reasonable test. I was 30 when we started Viaweb, and I needed the money. Viaweb raised a total of $2.5 million during its life. Some of the time I was focused on funding. Investors like you to be, when you're asking for that much. It's ridiculous to suggest that one has a choice of focusing on funding or building a business. Pretty nearly 100% of successful startups take outside funding, from Google on down. Microsoft took funding before their IPO. I've never understood why; it has the smell of a bribe; but they did. Apple took a lot of funding. I don't understand; what do you mean? Do you mean, why is there no More link on the New page? Did anyone copy this before it disappeared? This is as distinctive a feature of "Web 2.0" as Ajax. This the funniest thing I've ever read on news.yc. Oddly enough, I can't tell. It seems to be a portrait expressed in terms of the broken reinventions of the Lisp wheel that currently occupy the median programmer's head. Sort of like describing a car as a "horseless carriage." But since I don't know those reinventions well, I can't say if this is an accurate portrait. For example, someone recently told me that in Python you can't have conditionals within math expressions. E.g. you can say the equiv of (if foo (+ x 1) (+ x 2)) but not (+ x (if foo 1 2)) To me this just seems gratuitously restrictive. But I suppose it would at least be an accurate, if rather long, description of Lisp to teach people Python, and then say e.g. "Ok, now imagine if you could also just put any expression anywhere." Plus a few other things, of course... This seems like a really bad idea. Microsoft was never the place new ideas and true innovation came from. But they did once have the power to shut down people who had them. They no longer do; that's what's changed. You missed the point. I was using it as an example of how the canonical application that's hard to make web-basd (and which I used as an example thereof in "The Other Road Ahead") can be made web-based. Adobe's making a web-based image editor themselves, but I can't link to that because the only trace of it so far are their FUD press releases. I don't think the carpet shop played a role. They owned some office space on University Ave, which they rented to startups, including I believe Google and Paypal, and got some warrants as part of the deal. This made them so excited that they decided to try to do more of that. I disagree with one part here. It's not always good to be passionate about your idea. The Zenters happened to be working on a good idea, so we were glad they were psyched about it. When people walk in with a fully-formed idea, we just start the YC process right there-- ok, how do you make the perfect web-based Powerpoint killer? But when a group walks in with a semi-broken idea, which is much more common, the conversation becomes: what good idea can we morph this into? In that case, being passionately attached to your initial idea is not a plus. No, but there should be at least one who is willing to do that kind of work initially, even if it doesn't feel natural. Octopart, for example, was founded by a bunch of physicists. One is now doing sales. Sales is not the most natural work for a physicist, and maybe one day they'll have official sales guys doing it, but for now he is doing surprisingly well. Hmm, seem to have hit a nerve here. I can't imagine anyone would have reacted so angrily if I'd said Microsoft was dead in 1995. They would have just laughed it off then. Because it wasn't true then. Fortunately it was 11:47 pm when I read this. I added a link to this and some other similar articles at the bottom of the essay. Not that I would defend the term, but that seems a straw man definition. In fact, he has to take it back in his next response. Y Combinator is: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZnTy_smY3sw&NR We don't have a PR firm. I think that reporter was introduced to the Justin.TVs by another YC startup. That's probably the reason there's so much press: each startup introduces reporters to the other YC startups. There are now 39 of them, so that's a lot of introducing. Good God, another one. At least these guys didn't copy our application form. The funny thing is, both Highland and Lightspeed are copying an aspect of YC that we later realized was a mistake: focusing on people currently in school. People who copy you always end up copying a slightly old version of you. I noticed that with Viaweb. That's one reason all these imitations don't freak me out too much. Viaweb must have had at least 10 of them-- many of which copied stuff nearly verbatim from our site. Calling me a moron is one thing, but accusing me of having an MBA is really too much. after I'm done reading applications The problem is not the students themselves, but that their circumstances make them a flight risk. If you encourage people to start a startup as an alternative to a summer job during college, they won't be very committed to it, and commitment is the most important thing in a startup. The moment someone graduates, this problem goes away, because then all the social pressure switches to encouraging them to work on the startup, instead of encouraging them to go back to school. The very first one did. Anyone can go. My talk's probably going to be lousy, though, because I've spent the last several days doing nothing but reading applications. Actually, it's true that it wasn't a coincidence. I've been doing nothing but reading applications all day, and I missed real work. I wanted to write something, but I couldn't take the time to write a proper essay, which takes weeks. So I just wrote down something I'd been thinking about lately. (If you were suggesting I wrote it to attract attention to YC, the time to have done that would have been before the application deadline. This is the least useful time to attract attention.) A lot of people omitted to include any email addr even in the body of the application. We'll email the founder whose yc account the application was made through. The from addr will be info@ycombinator.com. Hey, Hackers and Painters was hardcover. Seriously, though, would you rather I kept chapters off the web to force people to buy the book to read them? If I don't do that, people will always be able to say that the book is just a bound collection of web essays. dupe http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=11764 wireless the op used a different url originally feature requests go here: http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=363 It "compiles" into mzscheme. But the compilation is more like macroexpansion. It was a one-off deal. This startup wasn't in one of the regular YC batches, though their original one (Kiko) was. This is fairly accurate as on-the-fly notes from a talk go, but certainly nothing like a transcription. There's a lot missing and a few things that have been misunderstood. There are comments links in the feed (view source on it) but for some reason they get ignored by feed readers. If anyone has a better suggestion, include it in this thread. On paper you're close to rich, in the sense that your stock in the company is worth a lot. But it's illiquid, and most of it may not legally be yours yet because of vesting. On the other hand, after a series A round you'll be able to pay yourself a decent salary-- maybe 1/2 or 2/3 of market rate, which will probably be a great improvement. In a startup you generally want to make your salary as low as possible. You're not going to get rich from salary but from the company scoring, so why take money out of it? There was one other one where we invested as angels in the series A round. Ordinarily we wouldn't invest that late, but these guys seemed exceptionally smart and driven. One of the rules people who understand web startups all agree on is that you should launch early-- as soon as you have even a minimal core of working features. As Reid Hoffman said, "if you're not embarrassed by your first release, you launched too late." In a domain where the correct thing to do is launch something easy to make fun of, it's easy to sound clever by making fun of things that have just launched. I wonder if the anonymous geniuses behind uncov ever consciously thought about that. The acquisition price they quote for reddit is wrong. (And no, I'm not saying if it was higher or lower.) This is the site we always use to figure out names for YC startups. Probably half got their names this way. And yes, this was written by Beau Hartshorne, founder of Snipshot. In fact, it was this app that made us invite him to apply. It's more bubbly than it was 2 years ago, but still nothing like the Bubble in the late 90s. The defining quality of an investment bubble is people (a) investing a lot of money in stupid things, in the hope that (b) other people will pay more for them later. Neither are happening now. Though a lot of startups are getting started, the amount being invested is small, because startups are taking way less each. And (b) isn't happening because the IPO market is still very small. Acquisition is still the main exit, and acquirers are more prudent than retail investors. All "stealth mode" means is that a company exists but hasn't launched yet, and doesn't want to talk about what they're doing. It doesn't mean they don't know; in fact, odds are they're comically overspecific about what they plan to do. Though the phrase is a bit silly, most startups spend some time in this state. Maybe the reason the phrase has a bad odor is that the longer you spend in this state, the less likely you are to succeed. Davis Sq. Notice things that seem broken-- things that should be possible, but aren't (yet). The right way to do such a thing would just be to have a very abstract language with "common sense" embodied in the right defaults. Harj is totally wrong that we work hard to pitch YC startups to investors. They're so great they sell themselves! They fly off the shelves! So if you're interested in investing in one, better act fast... In the PR business, tuesday is considered the best day to make announcements. At least, positive ones. There's an index at http://paulgraham.com/ind.html Lately the median co we fund uses RoR. Buying domains rarely works. The owners either never respond to you or want a crazy price. Plus there are always good ones still untaken. I think they wanted to build a specific webapp as a way of learning what webapp developers need. I believe there's YouOS code under this. Tazo Chai Though this article is defending us, I disagree with it. What makes YC a good deal is not that we take common stock rather than preferred, but simply that we improve the average startup's outcome way more than the 6% we "cost." Where did I say that? All I said was that you can make mistakes in borderline cases at little cost. Yesterday afternoon. I was in the middle of turning that last Stanford talk into an essay. This was one of the points. During the talk I said this was important enough to be a separate essay, so I wrote one. If you can point out a specific muddle I can fix, let me know. Actually I think the reason people attack us is cleverer than that. We've gotten a lot of press lately. Anyone who can establish himself as the canonical YC critic can thereby use the both-sides-of-the-story reflex of reporters to get mentioned in any story that mentions us. Ustream is doing this to Justin.TV right now. They have nothing; just off-the-shelf hardware hooked up to a streaming service. If they'd launched by themselves, no one would have cared. They've achieved what prominence they have entirely by getting themselves mentioned in articles about Justin.TV. They matter more as the antiJustin than in their own right. Most that die, die in less than a year. We don't have enough data yet to say what happens to the ones that don't. This is why I used picking an athletic team as an example. This is true with athletes, and I didn't want to blur together ordinary bad judgement with the specific kind of harmless miss that happens near the cutoff point. The fact that startups don't have to pay to demo is a significant improvement over similar events. That pay-to-demo mentality is left over from the overfunded startups of the Bubble. Argh, this whole common/preferred stock thing is really a side issue. It's not the distinctive feature of seed funding or a significant benefit of YC. At worst a bug. Can you at least give me the parent url? Can you tell me something that will help me find some parent of this? Just give me the url of the nearest thing up the tree that isn't "deleted." No one can delete a comment thread except me, and I never have. Possibly this is a bug, but probably not. Ok, yes, mode. Python is probably second most common. There are also some using Java, because they have to for phones. I've been resisting the idea, but I have to say that this is starting to feel like another Bubble. Ordinarily a startup should be a C corp. It's cheaper to be an LLC, but if you plan to succeed, you may as well do things right from the start. With an LLC profits don't get taxed twice like in a regular corporation. So it makes sense to be an LLC if you expect to have substantial profits, but don't expect to grant options, sell shares, or get bought. Consulting firms and law partnerships are often LLCs. YC is an LLC. Get a hacker cofounder. These multi-company organizations are almost always a bad plan. And even if they weren't, all investors think they are, so this sort of thing is a big red flag. I saw the original Bubble, and that was still a bubble. The startups we've seeded are more likely to get funding than to consult on the side. When they do consult on the side they do it as individuals, not as the company. To the extent this deal is bubbly, it's not because it reflects some conceptual misunderstanding but more that some VC firm has too much money to invest. That was a big cause of the original Bubble too. Preferred stock is only as bad as the terms that come with it. And that's a continuum. If you have preferred stock with no particularly onerous special rights, as for example we bought from Justin.TV, then it's no worse for the founders than common. Better, in fact, because you can claim a lower value for common shares when you give them to new hires. I do wonder what we'd do if the weather suddenly got worse. We might have to encourage companies to be more self-funding. Maybe we'd accept fewer. It seems to be a Utah thing. I hadn't heard of them. I doubt it would work very well. The robot is the one with wheels: http://www.flickr.com/photos/bluesmoon/432175003/ Odd spin to the title. The ratios they quote sound about what I'd predict. What standard are they weak in comparison to? Presumably whatever uneducated guess the writer of this article already had in his head. This kind of thing is exactly why traditional journalism sucks. Probably the best answer is to learn enough about hacking to recognize people who are good at it, like Jobs did. This guy has not thought things through. Sure, hundreds of people apply to YC every cycle, but we only develop a relationship with the few we fund. In fact the thing I like least of all about YC is that it's effectively a machine for making hundreds of smart hackers dislike us, or at least feel somewhat hurt, every six months. Also, like nearly everyone (including, fortunately, most imitators) he's stuck on this idea that we like to fund undergrads. In fact the median founder is around 25; it's harder to get funded as an undergrad than not. They have a healthy respect for Google, but they're not terrified of them. Remember, Google is best at making what its own hackers use. That's why Gmail turned out good and Google Video turned out bad. Hackers use calendars, but they don't like to give slide presentations. You don't have to be near us. You can stay anywhere near a Caltrain stop, because it stops within walking distance of YC. Remarkable discovery: companies aim to make money. This is at least a nice change from articles complaining that "Web 2.0" companies don't care enough about making money. I can't tell what it does. Aim for this: http://wufoo.com Better to rain on the parade than before it. I bet the StumbleUpon guys are delighted they waited till now to do it instead of launching before the eBay deal closed. I would make the language separate from the company, drawing the line perhaps at libraries specific to the company's project. Corporations are controlled by people, and people get pissed. Not that that explains this case. I didn't propose that startup idea; that was from Robert Morris. You know, there's something about Amazon. I keep noticing things that are just a little off, morally. First it was the one-click patent. Then I learned that their employment agreement forbids you from starting a startup with anyone else who has worked at Amazon, even if you didn't know them. (Don't worry, they'd never dare enforce it.) And now they sue someone simply for making a better UI to their lame site. There's starting to be a pattern. If Alexa had a decent UI, Statsaholic wouldn't be a threat. Instead of suing this guy for doing their own job properly, they should just fix Alexa. Keep everything in memory in the usual sort of data structures (e.g. hash tables). Save changes to disk, but never read from disk except at startup. Yes, but we did that by just assigning a user (merchant) a specific server, to which they were redirected when they logged in to edit their store, view stats, or retrieve orders. The problem was completely parallelizable; stores didn't interact. What appalling design. Looks like something off GM's intranet. Isn't everyone... Same as Viaweb. Hash tables in memory. Updates to disk, but no reads from disk except at startup. Myspace hasn't proved that design doesn't count. It proved that you can make something really popular by letting people with bad taste express it. Though that of course is nothing new. The difference is that news.myspace is designed by Myspace, not its users. Standards are higher then. People may be amused by their own farts, but they're generally disgusted by other people's. iPods would not be so popular with Myspace users if they looked like they'd been designed by Myspace users. It would be hard for investors to give as much feedback as an American Idol judge because they have so much less information. AI judges have actually seen the person perform. An investor merely talks to them about what they would do. Often you have no more than a gut feel. E.g. "This person seems kind of ineffectual." It would be useless as well as insulting to be candid in that case. Off the top of my head maybe 5-10% are over 30 and 5-10% nonhackers. I don't think we've ever had anyone who was over 30 and not a hacker. Wow, I can't believe I'm reading about domain-specific languages in InfoWorld... Possibly people were offended more by the plagiarism than the desire to fund startups in Europe. It is a bit much calling the thing Y Europe, for example. Seed funding doesn't require your name begin with Y. It seems suspicious to me the way Arrington phrases this news. "It has become known." Why can't he quote a source? Perhaps because the source was someone working for Amazon? To me, this information appearing at this time only adds to the appearance of Amazon's guilt. We did actually introduce Kiko to angels who invested in them. And Kiko didn't sell because they were out of money, but because their users were draining away. I know Steve Huffman of Reddit used to dream of one day switching to Erlang, but I doubt now they will. dupe http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=15542 Not at the moment, and I'm too busy now to write it, but there may be eventually. "You make what you measure." (from Hewlett and Packard via Joe Kraus) Godel disproved this. We get our logo printed on American Apparel T-shirts by QRST's in Somerville, MA. Though this graphic joke wasn't planned, we did notice early on that YC was VC with, ah, more masculine characteristics. Though the article is recent, they've been doing this for a long time. I agree with the ordering, roughly, but these numbers are complete bullshit. We use WSGR in CA and Goodwin Procter in MA. Both. I think I was saying something improper. dupe http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=16261 The usual acquirers buy whole companies, including the programmers (which are actually the main thing they want). They don't buy just software in asset sales. So the fact that Justin and Emmett didn't want to keep working on the calendar meant that a normal acquisition was out of the question. He's joking. He's saying that Poland is to Vienna as Massachusetts is to Silicon Valley. I never set deadlines. I just work as fast as I can. Likewise when I was poor I never made budgets, but just tried never to spend any money. You mean you want the submission title to be the title of the comments page about it? He was an undergrad at the university where I went to grad school. Though he's only 1 year younger, there was a 2 year overlap because he got kicked out of college for a year for not doing his classwork. How totally odd. I never knew this existed. The answer is one word: traffic. Any startup that gets huge traffic (except from porn or "illegal" music sharing) will have VCs all over them. As a first approximation it's as simple as that. If you have a lot of traffic you matter, and if not, you don't. I would not recommend this. 200 hours writing a business plan that you could have spent building version one? This is the way startups would begin life in the Soviet Union, if it still existed. Business plan contests are only good if (a) they take near zero time (i.e. you simply submit a business plan you've aready written) and (b) the judges are people you want to impress. I think the problem with Europe as a place for startups is not the government regulations or the immigration policy. The sources of Europe's weakness are the same as Iowa's: (a) lack of angel investors, (b) society as a whole doesn't understand or support you if you start a startup. Whereas in Silicon Valley starting a startup is considered an acceptable thing to do (by your landlord, your girlfriends' parents, potential cofounders, etc), and there are lots of investors ready to give you money if you show the least promise. That is really, really weird. Equity in return for Digg-spamming, or something like that. The thing is, how could you even be sure the traffic was real? Could be a botnet; how would you know? I once suggested an alternative to research depts. Instead have a group that builds tools for the people building products. That way you still get to be one step removed from random customer needs, but you're also helping the guys who do face them. I agree: launch a competitor immediately. keep it civil please Cut it out with the sockpuppet accounts or we'll ban your site. no, it's a troll/spammer pretending to be, and lots of gullible users fell for it Depends who you are. Contains the sentence "Make no mistake about it." Bad sign. Only AOL would rip off a company with no revenue growth. Depends what you call expensive. Our default advice is that buying domains doesn't work. The owner either wants a ridiculous price, or doesn't want to sell, or doesn't answer your emails. There are also plenty of good names still untaken. We can often find one in a few minutes using instantdomainsearch. This isn't news; it was posted here several weeks ago. Actually we'll take any promising startup, and some of the most promising we've funded weren't "simple websites." Particularly Loopt, Xobni, Textpayme and an as-yet unlaunched database startup. Though frankly, Octopart isn't exactly a "simple website" either. It's a search engine, and in some ways more complicated than Google. Is Google a "simple website?" (If so, bring 'em on.) The big spike is people clicking on reload the day we responded to applications. Worked for me. Deleted spams. Ok, now respond to the first paragraph. (Reddit is harder than you think to write, but did I say anything about it in the comment you're replying to?) dupe http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=17635 For calls that don't need to know about more state than their arguments, we just use an ordinary url with arguments. Otherwise we make a closure and store it in a hash table in memory, and make the url be x?fnid= where the argument is the hash key. When an http request comes in, we call the corresponding closure. Sometimes what to do next after following a link generated by the closure (e.g. what to do after logging in when you're not logged in and you submit a link through the bookmarklet) is part of the state of the closure; in that case it's a bit like a continuation. We keep only the most recently generated 20,000 closures. When you click on a link that says it has expired, that means either it has been purged from the closure table, or that we've restarted the server. There are 3037 registered users, and we now get around 3500 unique IPs per day. The code explicitly protects against that. Except no one is a native speaker of a programming language. The more valid comparison might be "Anyone who can speak Latin must be smart," and that is probably not far wrong. Correct, unless the closure explicitly removes itself when executed, of course. It does, and so does Arc, but I don't think we've needed them in anything we've written so far. News.YC is a pretty simple application. Probably, if only for the same kind of reasons that tends to be true of Python or Ruby: http://paulgraham.com/pypar.html I'd remove about half the stuff on it. ...which is probably only a little higher than the average year. How much Ajax do you see on this site? (The answer is that I don't know, because I haven't tried.)