FWIW, I'm not dyslexic and still had to read this a couple times before I saw something other than "FartMusic". Also, "frat" is not a positive word in most people's minds. Two good reasons for changing the name before you do anything else. Newbie here. Is there any way to vote down content-free posts? You know that Cuil's dead, right? Only if you stop using fully-justified text first. I tried this. Overnight my feed became unrecognizable — full of posts by bots and (subjectively, of course) awful people. There was no detectable rhyme or reason to the user selection, and the service doesn't appear to employ even basic heuristics to weed out obvious spam. On the bright side, I was able to report more abusive Twitter accounts than I normally do in a month. Such a fine line between refreshing and pointless. Your comment reminds me of the line from Meet the Feebles: "No. That's lousy." I'm not the creator, but perhaps you could offer 1 (or 2!) actionable critiques? For example, you mentioned the navigation path. Where did you get stuck? "And even so, testing just two different designs is rolling the dice rather than exploring feature/design space in search of a new optimum." A/B testing doesn't force you to innovate through radical design changes — you can use it just as easily for incremental improvements. I get it, it's hilarious because some trash cans are cylindrical too. Well done! That's far funnier than noting that it's cylindrical for practical reasons. Not sure if serious? The author believes that brains can't comprehend an unfilled shape as a shape, and instead must effectively parse it from individual lines every time. Is it possible his brain is the problem? That is, is there some subset of people who actually do find it difficult to see unfilled images as shapes? I'm not a fan of "me too"s, but I've been a DreamHost customer since 2001 and use them for smaller sites and may try VPS and/or dedicated with them in the future. I recall one rough patch with them in 2006 ( http://www.dreamhost.com/dreamscape/2006/08/01/anatomy-of-an... ), but I felt like they did a pretty good job of keeping customers informed and so I stuck with them. This is invaluable to hear, thank you! Was this with 1.x or 2.x (which is said to include "performance improvements throughout")? Anybody with 2.x vs. 1.x performance differences to share? This is neat! It also seems worth noting Yahoo's excellent Pure ( http://purecss.io/ ) here, too. It's a tiny bit larger with a few more features, but modular and fairly straightforward to extend. If the creators are watching, I think it'd be interesting to benchmark against the current Respect/Rest. A link that will let you actually read the story: https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&c... Really? I didn't personally find that the extremely simple graphics enhanced my understanding of the short and shallow paragraphs of text. It almost felt like just-pre-Idiocracy media spoon-feeding. Wow, I've never seen this kind of Google search before. I wasn't able to find documentation for it — would someone be kind enough to post a link? Better: Allow undo/history even if it's unserious. I feel like you wouldn't be too pleased if a super-biased Amazon employee posted a similarly anecdata-filled post about Linode. Is it really a smart idea to bad-mouth AWS in a post that really doesn't intersect with what Linode provides in any substantive way? Amazon's desktop app supports batch uploads and downloads, but not sync to/from Amazon Cloud Drive. However, there are 3rd-party options for this: • Arq: https://www.arqbackup.com/ • odrive: https://www.odrive.com/amazon • Synology Cloud Sync: http://www.macdrifter.com/2015/06/synology-cloud-sync-adds-a... We should be embarrassed that they're necessary for some groups to feel safe. As we see in this thread, whether CoC "mean something" or "are needed" aren't absolutes — clearly they are to some, and aren't to others. The key for me is that they're not important to people who don't need them to feel safe, and vice-versa. This is a really great idea. In addition to using existing images, would it be possible to create interesting patterns and textures procedurally using canvas.toDataURL()? > …but probably not paying the mechanical license rates to the authors. Just like Conte's Pomplamoose. Pomplamoose pays mechanical licenses for their covers. "The duo buys mechanical licenses for all of its covers online, which is a quick and easy process." — http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=1257832... Not only that, but they've helped lots of other musicians learn about licensing (via Twitter, on podcasts, etc.), and how to do the right thing. This is a very nice looking CSS stylesheet. Can someone explain what makes this a "framework"? (I did look through the docs, but didn't see the kind of modular or "designed to be built on" philosophy expressed in frameworks like Pure CSS.) The thoughtful use of white space (a.k.a. negative space) can improve readability/scannability, and to guide users by helping to create a visual relationship between various UI elements. Cosmetically, generous negative space can help create a feeling of sophistication and elegance. I suspect that this kind of use is more offensive to practical people who have little use for how something "feels". And of course sometimes it's overdone by designers, especially in cases of concepts serving as shiny, happy portfolio fodder instead of serving real users and business goals. My process: Right-click + "Open Link in Incognito Window". I see ads, but at least I don't get "behavior farmed". (Hrmmm, your note prompted me to find a Chrome plug-in that can do this for me automagically: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/incognito-filter/c... ) That's a really interesting thought, because everything also seems simple when you don't properly understand the problem. ("Let Apple open the damn back door, let the FBI know what's on the phone, then close it again. This isn't difficult." — Piers Morgan) Adults generally prefer richer interactions. Any in-depth references that support this? (Strikes me as curious, as I watch my 6-year-old playing a fairly elaborate Minecraft map…) Do these theater chains not realize that another company has been doing this for several years? http://www.primacinema.com/ A strangely-biased article, starting with the headline. But setting aside the concerns of the companies opposing this for obvious reasons, this is a really great idea. Consumers in poorer countries get the opportunity to buy used, high-end devices supported by the manufacturer, and those devices get another consumer cycle's worth of reuse before they get recycled. Plus Apple can now reach a large new segment of customers without compromising product quality or new-product margins. > If you have any examples of breakage, let us know. I believe it's breaking podcast feeds being served with WordPress.com, because iTunes doesn't support Let's Encrypt certificates. https://www.dominicrodger.com/2016/02/29/lets-encrypt-itunes... This may not affect a lot of customers (since WordPress.com doesn't support PowerPress for feed generation), but I know some podcasters create feeds by hand or with other apps. This issue will cause at least some podcasts to disappear from iTunes without warning unless you can coordinate with Apple to fix it. > Do you have an example? Just the confirmation from Apple's podcaster support team that iTunes doesn't support sites which use Let's Encrypt. (I don't use WordPress.com myself.) I've just posted a request for examples in popular podcasting groups, and I'll let you know when/if I get responses. > We have already implemented workarounds for iTunes. Can you elaborate just a smidge? Is WordPress.com, for example, not encrypting content when it's requested by iTunes? (Thanks!) Dear Cloudcraft Pro developer: This is the most exciting thing I've seen today. I've been wanting a tool like this since I started using AWS. However, the "Pro Solo" pricing strikes me as being way out of whack. It's as much as the "all apps" Adobe Creative Cloud plan. It's a 6X multiple of licensing all Office apps for a year, and just under the cost of licensing all JetBrains products for a year. Please provide a reasonable (say, $99), yearly "Solo Designer" plan for "infinite grid" planning and illustration, so that I may happily give you my money instead of using a free version with mysterious canvas size limitations. > But it's fine if you don't. But many of us would like to, though. Obviously you wouldn't want to take $9/month from people who would gladly give you $49. But on the other hand, active customers paying $9/month seem infinitely more valuable than free customers. This is a nice puff piece for Clique Media Group about their brilliant strategy not to invest in the open web. I heard about it on the open web, read an article about on the open web (via a link on the open web), and wouldn't have heard about in the first place if not for the open web. > "While analytics on many of these platforms aren't as easy to come by as with a traditional website, it's often the promise of engagement that currently makes it worthwhile for a brand." So we're back to days of, "Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted; the trouble is, I don't know which half"? How is this better? Is it reasonable to think of it like this: RNA is procedural, and DNA is declarative? RNA : PostScript :: DNA : PDF? I was just able to download it (for macOS) from the front page. https://nodejs.org/en/ > It's 4 times more expensive than their hackable Dash buttons ($20 vs $5)… That's interesting. A new product like this (no matter how seemingly small) takes some work, so to me this suggests that people hacking the "subsidized" buttons were a bigger use case then they'd planned for. About 1 in 4 adults experience some level of mental illness in a given year. > "I started having thoughts like, 'Let me take over you,' combined with confusion and tons of terror," says David, a polite, articulate 27-year-old who arrived at Britton’s Cheetah House in 2013. "I had a vision of death with a scythe and a hood, and the thought 'Kill yourself' over and over again." That's not an effect of meditation, that's a symptom of a mental illness. Meditation probably helped him discover it earlier than he otherwise would have. I mean, the words "mental" and "illness" don't even appear in the article. > So, yes the article did cover what you wanted them to. Not as I read it. In the article, "psychotic break" was used in the context of being caused by meditation instead of by an underlying mental illness. The second example gets closer to addressing the point I was making, but it's still just listing a possible risk for people who already have psychiatric problems. What I wanted the article to cover is the far more likely explanation: That 1 in 4 people who meditate will experience some level of mental illness in any given year — but not because of meditation. Of course, "meditation madness" is a much sexier premise. > That way, you only do the IDL-dance once and the browser then manipulates the tree in C++ with the many operations you fed it. As a beginning web developer, I remember being surprised that there was no way for me to group DOM manipulations into SQL-like transactions, or even an equivalent to HyperCard's lockScreen. I'm finding it a little tough to tell whether the author is talking about putting the browser or the web developer in control of grouping DOM updates. > you're right, but that's Steve Jobs you're talking about. Steve Jobs had many talents, but what I think people don't appreciate is that Steve worked very closely with his PR people. Most recently he'd worked closely with Katie Cotton for decades, from Apple's 90s "fat Elvis" years to its resurgence. If you've never worked closely with PR folks, it's largely a "boots on the ground" exercise. Yes, there's the "vision stuff" and the storytelling, and part of what they do is help get that messaging across in consistent and interesting ways. But much of it is long-term network and relationship building that the PR person leverages in short bursts — product launches, damage control, etc. It's an interesting and tricky job, and people who can do it well make for great allies. > Html's controls are too high level for pixel perfect manipulation, and too low level for easy assembly into rich ui. HTML+CSS isn't the only abstraction available, though. If you want a lower-level abstraction, you can use canvas. If you want a higher-level abstraction, you have your choice of composable view component systems (e.g. React). From a technical perspective, I'm a moron compared to most of the people here. Still, I was able to get my first app up and running on Elastic Beanstalk and a MySQL database up via RDS without much trouble. It's not rocket science. Given the breadth and depth of available services, I can't imagine how you can declare "AWS is inappropriate for small startups" with a straight face. Any suggestions on finding the latest, greatest versions of these fonts? For example, I found what appears to be the home page of Monsterrat ( http://montserrat.zkysky.com.ar/en ) but it directs me to Google Fonts. Similarly, I searched for "vernon adams fonts" and I don't see what looks like a canonical page for them. > …Google has never updated it, ignoring the author’s pleas. It looks like the source repo is at https://github.com/google/fonts — has he tried a pull request? If not, maybe we can help with updates until they make it friendlier for less-technical creators. Many thanks! Brick looks like a great resource, and it's great to have the latest Montserrat. > However, in the case of conspiracy, most individuals find their time wasted. I like this idea too, or at least it makes me at least a bit sympathetic to people I tend to dismiss. And I suppose, the key word is "most". Readability ( https://www.readability.com/ ) is a helpful tool for reading sites which with hard-to-read designs: http://rdd.me/sjahtctg In case anyone's interested in ready-made solutions, this company builds Interrotron-like gear: http://eyedirect.tv/ (video overview: https://vimeo.com/108373352 ) > Bluetooth audio codecs do lossy real-time re-encoding of the audio Lossless transcoding is possible too. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AptX#aptX_Lossless iPhones and Macbooks support aptX now. Surely this isn't just a hardware change — once Apple discloses the details, it won't be at all surprising if aptX Lossless (at minimum) is required for MFi licensing going forward. FWIW, the transcoding you mention isn't a requirement of Bluetooth audio. MP3 and AAC bitstreams could be delivered straight to headphones for decoding there. We don't yet know if that's something Apple is discussing with MFi program members. Yay (Wait, is enthusiasm for people trying something new bad here? If so, "Meh".) It was a (failed) joke in reference to a flurry of initial negative/content-free responses. I was trying to be gentle about it, but I'd have done better by being as straightforward as your response. As an HN n00b, I appreciate the feedback. From a designoper POV, the idea is sound (visual and information design isn't magick) and I wish them all the luck in the world. A good solution will fill a real need. The comments about "The Grid" are irrelevant, except as (surely known) lessons to the Firedrop creators. Anyone with industry experience understands that attempts will fail, until they don't. > Now go to the specifications page for a random popular bluetooth audio device, and see if they even list which codecs are supported. That's an excellent point. Sadly, I don't think the average consumer knows or cares about the badness that is lossy-to-lossy transcoding. For those who do, aptX support is pretty easy to find in the sense that vendors tend to make "aptX" searchable in the name and/or description. (If you Google "amazon aptx headphones", you'll see what I mean.) Finally, this is a great example of how Apple gets to "own" the mindshare for tech they don't invent. If Apple decides to hang their hat on the aptX brand for the iPhone 7 launch, that'll be how most people hear about it for the first time. Since aptX isn't their brand, it's more likely that Apple will simply tout "perfect wireless audio" and make sure customers know to look for "Made for iPhone" headphones. I'd love to know who made this decision, apparently giving it less thought than what they were going to have for lunch. Whoever it was doesn't understand how communication works, and should probably not be in charge of decisions like this. Interestingly, it's a giant middle finger not just to gun nuts, but to millions of people on both sides of debates about gun control, the militarization of law enforcement, etc. (Not to mention a kinda creepy form of infantilization.) > Configure your own using one of the existing tools; if you use Owncloud or Nextcloud you could use my OPDS Catalog app… Okay, so this is a whole new world for me. Thank you! OPDS appears to be for electronic publications what RSS is to blogs and podcasts. There are feeds, there's content management software that generates them (like "OPDS catalog"), and there are reader-style apps to consume them and view the syndicated content. Yes? But as someone with tons of Kindle purchases, I'm a little confused about where to go from here, and how to protect myself from what happened to throwaway1974 . Is there an "OPDS for Dummies"? This is very helpful, thanks again! Someday we'll be able to rent a car and a driver, just long enough for the trip! > I wonder if younger folk today watch that and think how quaint, old and dated it seems... As the caretaker of a pair of younger folk (twins, age 7), I can share that they find it very slow compared to today's children's movies. > At the very least if two Dots hear the same voice commands hopefully only one (the closer one?) will respond. That's what the newly-announced "Spatial Perception" feature does. In theory, it will detect which Echo or Dot is closest to you, and respond only on that device. Happily, it's going to be rolled out to existing Echo/Dot devices as well. If you like WordPress as a writing and management tool, it's worth noting that there are several static site generators for WordPress.[1][2] [1] http://en.staticpress.net/ , https://github.com/megumiteam/staticpress [2] https://wordpress.org/plugins/simply-static/ Unfortunately that's a pretty big matrix of possibilities, since different fonts have different support for ligatures, and the ligatures that will actually be seen are dependent on a combination of the page designer's intent and browser capabilities.[1] (And apologies if I've completely misunderstood the intent of your question!) [1] https://drafts.csswg.org/css-fonts-3/#font-variant-ligatures... For any given font, the license is specified on the font's specimen page. For example, near the bottom-right corner of https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Montserrat we can see that the license used is the SIL Open Font License. And from the SIL fonts FAQ[1]: Please feel free to use SIL fonts in printed publications and PDF documents, including PDF documents posted on web pages. Such use is within the intended use of SIL fonts. No additional license or fee is required to use the fonts in a printed publication. [1] http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=... This seems like a very "woo woo" theory, because few users know how big their apps are, or what a "good" size or a "bad" size for a particular app is. So, let's assume Segment is right and there's a causal relationship between app size and downloads. What am I missing? > "… in 2016 I can't really find a reason to still use a RSS reader." Also remember that every podcast app is an RSS reader. This year, 21% US adults ages 12 or older have listened to a podcast in the past month. It depends on your definition of "low-memory". The Kinoma XS JavaScript ES6 runtime[1] is designed specifically for low memory/CPU limited embedded devices, and runs very comfortably on 200 MHz ARM devices with 512 KB RAM. [1] http://kinoma.com/develop/documentation/technotes/introducin... It currently scores 96.8% on the ES6 Compatibility Table hosted by kangax[1], which is pretty good. That's native, no polyfills or transpiler. EDIT: Kinoma claims ES6 compatibility is at 98% as of 2016-01-02.[2] [1] https://kangax.github.io/compat-table/es6/ [2] http://www.kinoma.com/develop/documentation/js6/ > I never liked LastPass because it's rigid on how you can store data. I'm not sure when you last checked it out, but the current version of LastPass allows you to create as many custom templates as you like. For folks who haven't tried Vue yet, I just completed my first project with it and I'm really excited about using it more. Specifically, I used learning Vue as an opportunity to upgrade a simple jQuery-based SPA (with a PHP backend) to ES6, JS modules and Vue. It was a little hairy to bite off all of that stuff at once, but the Vue community was really helpful. In contrast to more monolithic frameworks I didn't have to port everything at once, and the re-implementation of the bits I did port are sooo much cleaner. FWIW, there's a highly-rated Vue.js 2/Vuex Udemy course on sale for an impulse price of $14 (normally $190) as I type this. With the caveat that I just bought the course myself, at that price it seems like a useful resource even if you only have a cursory interest in Vue. https://www.udemy.com/vuejs-2-the-complete-guide/ I think the reply was suggesting that "not advertising or defaulting to [HTTPS]" implies that a quick check for absolute HTTP URLs would be Good Thing. Yep, here's a bunch. http://www.macworld.com/article/3028132/consumer-electronics... The emphasis on secrecy isn't just public-facing (or at least wasn't while I was there). Wow, thank you for the h264ify mention! I can now play 4K YouTube videos on my MacBook Pro, who'da thought? > They planned to start beating H.265 both in quality and in efficient decoding in 2016/2017. Did that happen? If I'm not missing something, this suggests that Daala's quality will be comparable to H.265. No doubt encoders for both will continue to get better. Foundation 6: http://foundation.zurb.com/ A good goal to be sure, but one that it doesn't look like they'll make. IMHO, "comparable to H.265" may not be as inspiring but is still very impressive. If they can do this without stepping on existing IP, it'll be an incredible achievement. I'm also using Bootstrap 4a5 without issues on a small site that I initially upgraded from Bootstrap 3 mostly out of curiosity, and then pushed live when I didn't discover any major issues. Since it's a "major rewrite of almost the entire project"[1], I can't recommend that new Bootstrap users invest any time in Bootstrap 3. [1] https://v4-alpha.getbootstrap.com/migration/ > …really, it's all about calories in v calories out. In the absolute sense, you're absolutely right. But in my experience sugar tends to stoke a desire for more, in which case the form calories take is a crucial factor for success. (Caveats: I know what works for me but couldn't tell you how much of the effects of eating sugar are physiological vs. emotional, etc.) [EDIT: Typo] Not to be "that guy", but an article about PostScript would most likely be CamelCase. Yes, although I can't imagine many people would recognize the concept yet. http://scripting.com/2014/06/02/whatIsARiverOfNewsAggregator... http://buzzmachine.com/2006/08/22/the-river-of-news/ > what is the compatibility store for third party components/themes based on bootstrap. I can't speak to components, but for themes there's already a migration guide, and I'd expect to see tools that help with the conversion since they're conceptually similar. https://v4-alpha.getbootstrap.com/migration/ > will these third party components need to be re-written and support multiple bootstrap versions? They'll need to be updated, but it's a one way trip. It wouldn't surprise me to see popular themes maintain Bootstrap 3 and Bootstrap 4 versions in parallel for a while. I'm sure you're right! My goal was just to share a couple of useful references. Lilo of Lilo & Stitch! These strike me as good and interesting questions. I read the article after I read your comment, and I have one follow-up. > The obsession with having an even split… Does it strike you that the article is describing an obsession? It seems like a strong word, used pejoratively in this case. To me, the article is described an unusual and thoughtful approach that led to surprising results. As part of this they're touting much-improved transcription. Does anyone know if the the transcription system used for this is available for developers? It's not possible to be completely sure that 5% isn't a reality-based estimate, but it's typical for services like Twitter Audit and BotOrNot to identify half or more of a celebrity's followers as bots. For example, as I type this BotOrNot estimates that 34% of @RealDonaldTrump followers, and 48% of @BarackObama followers, are real. Just from being a nobody on Twitter who uses it almost every day, I'd also agree that 5% is laughably optimistic. Welcome to the world of "content marketing", where companies create advertising disguised as content that they desperately hope gets shared. IMHO, it's a good sign that it triggers your spidey sense. Messages should always be read with the creator's/distributors' bias in mind. > The primary lament of CableCard is that it's so poorly implemented that the vast majority of people aren't even aware that it exists. You're inferring that they're related, but I see them as orthogonal. I'll take your word that it's poorly implemented. From my POV it just works—my two experiences are with a TiVo and an HDHomeRun (first with Media Center, now with Plex's beta DVR feature), and in both cases use has been uneventful. That people don't know it exists doesn't surprise me, since the cable industry has always fought this FCC-required concession to consumer choice. If anything, it strikes me that cable was highly motivated to ensure CableCard's failure. I don't have any love for CableCard, but I'll be sad when it goes because it'll mean that kind of interop is gone forever. I really like Vue, and I love single file components. React folks: Is there no way to do this with React? I may need to use React soon, and if it can't do this I'm going to be pretty sad. > What this is, is another accidental slide down the slope towards centralisation of the web. Sorry, can you explain? (Not playing "gotcha", I really don't understand.) Freedom of speech* *Doesn't mean freedom from consequences > Why not just move to Web Components… This article is about React Native, not React. (For those who may not be familiar: https://www.pacifict.com/Story/ ) That and curiosity. > Might be beta, but supposedly iOS 10.3 (the next major release) will ship APFS for iOS devices… More than "supposedly", I'd say—if you're using the iOS 10.3 beta now, your phone's filesystem has already been updated to APFS. :) > Tom Drake took the software we had for ThinThread, basically after the NSA cancelled our programme, and ran it against the entire NSA database in February 2002. We found that all the data about the attack was in there, where they were going, who they were connecting with, actually even the date of the attack: 9/11. I'll bet I could design a system to reveal the exact dates of terrorist attacks after they've happened too. Even if you're not the mighty Rogue Amoeba, services like FastSpring[1] seem to make it pretty easy. [1] http://christiantietze.de/books/make-money-outside-mac-app-s... #noaffiliation I know you know the answer to this (i.e. move to another vendor, as you would for any vendor that goes away), so my apologies in advance for not understanding the point you're trying to lead me to. I guess I don't understand the alternative. Go out of business? > Can't we simply extrapolate how many livable planets there are? Yes, and beyond that you can ultimately estimate how many civilizations there are Out There that might have the capacity to contact us, commonly referred to as the Drake equation.[1] As Wikipedia notes, YMMV based on assumptions. :^) [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drake_equation Friend, many of us carry this burden. Here's the technical term: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resting_bitch_face It's shocking to see this being normalized on HN. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triple_parentheses For some of the operations highlighted, which are (naturally?) selected to impress. For others, the multiple is in single digits. WordPress doesn't run 100X faster on Peachpie, but it'd be very interesting to see "real" benchmarks. Even a 2X improvement (vs the latest PHP 7, of course) would be compelling. Marcus, when you say "Cross-browser storage for all use cases", I want to store media files for offline playback. Can I use Store.js for that? (TIA!) > This isn't some smoke and mirrors number. Sure, bots may count in this number… They do, which is why it's reasonable to consider it a smoke and mirrors number. More than will be spent thrusting all other barnyard animals combined? > Man, I wonder if we're going to end up seeing someone's free fall smartphone video someday. Undoubtedly, since it has with other kinds of video cameras: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFSp-SRGhNs "I'm dead. Bye." (He was not, amazingly.) > He doesn't believe in owning phones, but he'll gladly use someone else's who has decided to make that tradeoff. Makes sense. I don't eat meat, but I'll eat the meat of someone else who's decided to make that tradeoff. I know Anil's a smart dude. My feedback comes from a good place. > The friendly community where you’ll build the app of your dreams. Thought #1: The one word for what Glitch is is "community"? A friendly community might be (aspirationally, at least) a nice part of Glitch, but the more I think about it the less I'm sure I know what that means. My feeling is that lots of people who might find this interesting will bolt when presented with the apparent requirement to adopt yet another community. Thought #2: I've had the pleasure/torture of hearing people's app dreams, and people will not be building the apps of their dreams with Glitch--and that's fiiine . What Glitch might be (assuming I kinda understand it) is A Place to Make Duct Tape for Internet Stuff, which seems like a great thing. > It’s even easier to use Glitch than it is to describe it… That is problematic. You invented an amazing thing (presumably) and you're not sure how to sell it to people who don't already get it, which is an unenviable scenario. I'd really like to see how the Glitch folks would fill out the classic "For (your target) who wants/needs (reason to buy your product/service), the (your product or service) is a (category) that provides (your key benefit). Unlike (your main competitor), the (your product/service) (your key differentiator)." I guess that makes AlphaGo an AIdiot savant ? Microsoft (not Apple) bought Accompli and Sunrise. Ah, sorry, the comments weren't contiguous and so I missed that. I'm not sure what Microsoft acquisitions prove, but I'll continue thinking on it until enlightenment happens. > More cynically, though, if Apple wanted to shut it down, there are easier ways they aren't above. It sort of depends on the definition of "shut it down"(see Beats, Swell, FoundationDB, etc.). At minimum, Workflow goes away and rises from the ashes (with a new name) as an automation feature for a future version of iOS. Or, maybe it's just an acqui-hire[1] and they'll start over with a new codebase on something more integral to the OS. [1] "It seems that in scaling back recruiting efforts, Apple is moving to a staffing model fueled by so-called 'acqui-hires,' or purchases of smaller companies for talent." http://appleinsider.com/articles/16/04/25/apple-reportedly-w... > i will come back once you JS folks have agreed on a tool set and actually use it for more than 6 months. It works as a joke too, but the vast majority of JS developers aren't using tools younger than 6 months old. Even current hotness Vue.js was originally released in 2015, and Webpack was initially released in 2012. My point wasn't that there aren't interesting tools younger than 6 months, just that nothing compels JS devs to use them or even pay attention to them until they're as established (in age, use, GitHub stars, whatever) as is comfortable for them. I'll share my personal experience, which is that the move to Vue.js 2 was fairly straightforward. The project's handy "migration helper" helped a lot. Still, it's not something I jumped on immediately. I haven't upgraded my projects to Webpack 2 yet. I'm interested but not compelled to, and I'll do it when it makes sense for me. Does that make JavaScript a bad ecosystem? I have a hard time thinking of thoughtful major releases as a bad thing. The move to Vue.js was straightforward (and I'm not a great software engineer), but I understand that YMMV. If Knockout has been around for over a decade (v3.4.2 was released a couple weeks ago), isn't it also the perfect examples that churn isn't a given just because JavaScript? Wow! My first thought was, "How would anyone discover that?" How did you? It's not hyperbole to say that Tabs Outliner changed my browsing life. Make per-task windows, open and save them at will. > It's not too hard to imagine generalizing this to tabs, too. For sure, it's an "obvious in retrospect" sort of thing once stumbled upon. :) After a bit of research, the mechanics appear to have debuted in Chrome in 2013. Any earlier examples? > We are ridiculously aware of the latency issue in high quality voip. We do not at the moment support user generated keys the way Telegram does but we do use TLS/DTLS encryption end to end for our VOIP streams. Any plans to make this available to developers as a service via AWS? > Still, it can't entirely replace public broadcasting. If you mean "public broadcasting" as what they do , I'm with you 100%. Nothing about podcasting reduces the need for not-for-profit organizations like this. If you mean the radio-based sound delivery system part, this must transition to the open web, and that means podcasting¹. > What a weird take on podcasting. Amen! ¹At least for on-demand delivery. There's no live equivalent to the podcasting ecosystem right now. > A re-flowering perhaps, looking at the trend's rise since 2014 - but certainly not as popular as it was around 2005-2006. FWIW, that chart doesn't correlate with any measurements of podcasting popularity (e.g. downloads, research) that I'm aware of. For example, Edison Research notes that general familiarity with the term "podcasting" has gone up 22% with Americans in the last two years. Saturday Night Live's satire of Serial is an example of how podcasting has broken into mainstream awareness in a way that it definitely had not even three years ago. > There is no good Indian radio or podcast online now… "Good" is subjective of course, but here's a nice, categorized list of many of the best: http://rockingentrepreneur.com/list-of-indian-podcasts/ If you search for "best indian podcasts" you'll get many other thoughtful lists of great Indian podcasts. If you're personally interested in podcasting, this is a unique time in the history of the medium. You could take advantage of the potential opportunity by starting your own podcast, or by creating an Indian podcasting network that helps others create India-centric shows. As a Chicago-to-SV transplant for whom Silicon Valley was mecca, SF often felt lightweight, almost like a parody or cargo-cult version of what companies in Silicon Valley were doing. I realize that that's not fair, but not more unfair than imagining that SF's culture is objectively better. "I'll wait for the BuzzFeed listicle, thanks!" > The world has changed a lot since 1969. Many homes don't even have network television anymore. All homes with TVs that receive broadcast, cable, or satellite TV have network television. I think you probably meant broadcast/OTA television, in which case a survey from 2016 shows that 17% of U.S. TV households rely on "broadcast-only" television reception, and that was an increase from the previous year. However, that number is disproportionately higher in poor, Black, and Hispanic households. For example, it jumps to 26% for households earning less than $30K/year. > They usually retire from work mid-career for pregnancy and possibly for a much longer time to raise the child… No. Here's how it actually works in a modern family unit in a high-earning, dual-income Silicon Valley household: Mommy takes time off when babby is born, as does daddy because it's not 1960. At some point during this sabbatical help is hired, and then mommy and daddy go back to work and establish their new work/home balance. The end. It's not conceptually that different than sabbaticals not involving babies. It certainly doesn't explain systemic pay discrimination. > Sabbaticals also hurt careers. I'm sure sabbaticals (and even vacations) hurt careers in some scenarios, at some companies. I was responding to the notion that this was "retirement", and unique to the woman. > You don't get a raise and a bonus for being away 1 year when you are 25-30. People take parental leave for weeks (6-8 is typical), not a year. Maybe in those few minutes, but in the long run a high-publicized international incident will be a million times more effective in creating conditions for improvements. > I doubt Apple will ever launch its own car. It's a large consumer market that's changing rapidly and ripe for disruption. Why would you doubt that Apple will enter it? > I guess you never know with Apple but it just seems like a really crowded space for them to come into… The iPhone entered a crowded phone market and now controls the vast majority of smartphone profits. There's really no such thing as market "saturation" when you can grow the market and eat old participants. > First of all, it's a high price tag for them to get top talent in the area. Apple has $250 billion in cash, so this doesn't strike me as a huge concern. > Their success I feel depends on how much control they are willing to give up in partnerships… As with phones, their hypothetical success in this area will be due to how much they won't give up. Apple learned this lesson with the disastrous Motorola ROKR E1, a.k.a. the one where they tried to be a "good industry partner" and play by industry rules. If Apple enters this market, they'll play by Apple's rules and give up virtually nothing. Any launch partner(s) will profit, but on Apple's terms. > ... it's still a goddamned 128kbit or less stream. Arguably, this is worse quality than ye olde FM on average. I don't claim to be a "golden ears" or anything, but I find 64 kbps HE-AAC to offer better-than-FM quality. (HE-AACv2 benefits really only make sense at 48 kbps or lower.) Hydrogenaudio tests showed that a good HE-AAC encoder does just slightly (imperceptibly) worse than Opus at 64 kbps[1]. [1] http://listening-test.coresv.net/results.htm Gleb: Understanding that it's not a CDN per se, would using this primarily for large file distribution (meaning, not images on web sites, etc.) instead of backup be a bad idea? Site has been hugged to death for now. http://archive.is/6ZZv1 > I'm not sure "Browser" is a good term for this Having been on the marketing side of a consumer product which used "browser" to describe what it was, I can confirm that "browser" = "web browser" to nearly everyone (analysts included) and is truly, sincerely not worth fighting. In my experience, until they fix the "browser" positioning, nearly every conversation they have with anyone who might care about the actual product will include 2-5 minutes of explaining and rationalizing the use of a word that people already believe they understand. > The correct approach is to starve out this behavior while the cost of doing so is relatively low... The cost is pretty high to bobsam, who didn't have a chance to interview for his dream job. Not "playing the game" only works if all good developers stop using GitHub, no? Just curious: How are you connecting this Apple news with that theory? Do you have a product/service built on affiliate commissions? Do we know what they're using? I found a few references to AT&T Natural Voices. > Meanwhile the knowledge of what works is blatantly obvious: the energy expenditure must be higher than the intake. This is like saying about the poor, "What works is blatantly obvious: Poor people just need to increase income or reduce expenditures. Boom! Poverty solved." The secret is that this isn't the problem . The actual problem that fat people must solve is not what to do, but how to do it, both in the short- and long-term. > Having a healthy diet and exercise regimen along that is highly desirable but not strictly necessary... 1,000 calories of cupcake are 1,000 calories of chicken breast are, in theory, the same amount of energy. In practice, diet and exercise considerations are integral aspects of the actual problem that fat people must solve. Example: For some, exercise is actually counter-productive and causes more hunger. For others, exercise is a crucial part of success. Example: For some, calorie restriction can be done with no particular attention paid to the balance of carbs, proteins, and fats. For others, a low-carb diet means lower hunger/higher satiation for longer and is a must for success. Couldn't agree more! > Just don't have too much food in your home, then you can't eat too much of it. Thank you for solving obesity! Ah, so like Trump then.* (*Regardless of my personal feelings, I'm not even being judgemental. His campaign effectively kept the media and opponents on their heels during his campaign.) > …it's that it has a terrible ecosystem… Two follow-ups if you don't mind: (1) "terrible" in what kinds of ways, and (2) compared to what, specifically? (Genuinely curious.) > JS has matured like bread, not cheese. Considering that the language made huge strides forward with ES2015, ES2016, and ES2017, what does that mean? > The day we stop asking "why aren't you using something other than Javascript?" is the day we collectively take a step back in terms of design thinking. Spirited debates about JS vs. OCaml are implementation thinking. I agree with your point about people using backup cameras exclusively—they are bad drivers. Still, for many cars that view would've formerly included a blind spot large enough for child-size things. > They will want to remove mirrors. Then rear windows will go. Great. Our vehicle has a camera mirror that enables an unobstructed view of what's next to us as we change lanes, and it's a revelation. I'll take any sensor- and camera-assisted situational awareness and accident prevention I can get. The aspect that comes to mind is the archiving of assets that go beyond simple frame output, a bit further up the workflow—project files, renderers, effects processing plug-ins, etc. For example, the article mentions the issues that Pixar ran into reconstructing Finding Nemo . I can imagine a studio saving a movie's project file, and then discovering that no software can use it in 20 years. Even if ecosystem standards like OMFI prove to have staying power, details like color timing might not be able to be perfectly reproduced even if the project file is openable. Not to say that an iPad is the right device for you, but I wanted to share a couple notes in case you ever want to try again: > My problem was the lack of multi-tasking… The current iOS does this pretty well. http://www.imore.com/ipad-multitasking > …and no mouse support. Okay, now this is more of a stretch. :O) BUT, with a Lighting to USB adapter you can (technically) use both USB mice, and wireless mice that use USB dongles. > For new products there isn't really any room for debate anymore, Opus is the clear winner. If you mean "for low-latency live streaming/conferencing", I think you're probably right. If you mean "by popularity", with a few exceptions all non-MP3 encoded audio you hear is (and has been for some time) AAC. If you mean "by quality", Opus is comparable to AAC/HE-AAC audio quality, but Opus' Achilles' heel is hardware support. Oh! Thank you. Q: Why not Opus instead of Vorbis for that use? > Film makers don't want to use VR. Creators often like to play with multiple mediums. I'd give filmmakers the benefit of the doubt, and assume they understand that VR is a much different medium. This is smart, and great news for creators. As good as Facebook's own studio may have been, having to compete with Facebook for attention in a nascent medium is a huge problem. > But, then, developers have to trust Facebook as the owner of the platform. That's not always been a good bet. For sure, but that would've also been an issue in the scenario where Facebook was also competing with you as a content developer. At least this way, small developers have a chance to establish themselves before Big Media starts taking VR seriously. For a brief, ominous micro-second, I wondered why Amazon would want to kill my spouse. I'd consider it, but I'm generally happy with the Asuswrt-Merlin firmware, and I can't find a resource that describes things like benefit, risks, and functionality I might lose. Is there such a thing? > On my RT-N66U, WAN throughput can hit 870 Mbps. Without it, I max out around 170 Mbps. Eeek! Thank you. :O) https://hacks.mozilla.org/2015/09/subresource-integrity-in-f... "As you may have noticed, the integrity attribute does not just include the hash value. It also contains the digest name. The syntax for the integrity attribute allows multiple tokens of this name-value format. This allows site owners to specify hashes of different strengths as well as the values of multiple scripts that may be behind a URL. This is useful for browser sniffing or content negotiation." > RSS is sometimes ambiguous and there's a lot of variation. I've written a reasonably-popular podcast feed validator, and I don't understand either of these criticisms. Mind elaborating? How would it help even one developer? Or asked another way, what problem does this solve for you? Dave Winer (the creator of RSS) played with this a bit in 2012. It turns out that exact format of feeds doesn't matter nearly as much as there being a more-or-less universal one. http://scripting.com/stories/2012/09/10/rssInJsonForReal.htm... > Perhaps their was noone listening to audio, but he got pretty soft ~15:00 and on. In case Craig or the person responsible for the audio sees this, you can help ameliorate this by tuning the dynamic range compression. Because the signal-to-noise ratio decreases the further you get from the mic, the recording may also benefit from some de-verbing and noise reduction first. (If you don't have good tools for this, ping me and I'll be glad to help.) > In the immortal words of Joe Rogan during his podcast, "pretend your eating the microphone." Plosives become a problem if you get too close. If this inspires anyone to get on the mic, good general guidance is "put your lips one to two fists away from the mic". > It's embarrassing that manufacturers are still making computers with silicon chips in them. You might even zoom out a bit more and go with, "It's embarrassing that manufacturers are still making ATX cases". Just as ATX cases have been able to accommodate several generations of computing, modern 737s are effectively different aircraft than early 737s even though they share common properties. A couple notes: (1) You can use JSX with Vue. https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/render-function.html#JSX (2) By "Angular style templates" do you mean Vue's Single File Components? Because from my POV they're glorious, and the primary reason I'd be reluctant to use React instead of Vue. I haven't done this with Vue yet, but it looks pretty easy to do both prerendering and server-side rendering[1]. A more complete solution, Nuxt.js[2], appears to be gaining in popularity as well. [1] https://ssr.vuejs.org/en/ [2] https://nuxtjs.org/guide > Most people don't want to pay for that level of service though. And if it's on the company's dime, many (most?) companies won't. Google (Alphabet) and Facebook are internet advertising. http://image-store.slidesharecdn.com/f0a87be0-b176-4d80-ae8f... FWIW, the speaker on the original Amazon Echo isn't very good. (I also own small Bluetooth speakers from Sony and Anker, and both are appreciably better for music — enough so that I go out of my way to use them while cleaning or whatnot, even though the Echo is right there.) > McDonalds has a clear conflict of interest in the design of these icons for nutrition information. I could understand the point if they'd created McDonald's-specific units (e.g 10 grams of sugar = 1 McVigor). But they're just icons for info that McDonald's makes no effort to hide. Care to elaborate? If an open source music format isn't a requirement for you, AAC is as efficient as Opus and playback support is universal – no version of iOS or Android has ever shipped without AAC decode support, for example. Mp3tag also handles MP4/M4A files wonderfully. > …there are too many sub-par encoder implementations that just don't sound good - sometimes worse than MP3. Whoa, I'd never imagined that could be the case and appreciate the heads-up. I've only had experience with the Apple and Fraunhofer encoders so far. Mind calling out the offender(s)? This summer I'm releasing a best practices guide (and hopefully tools) to help podcasters move to AAC, and that would be useful to mention. > So what's a good machine to play games with kids 4-6 on? I have a wii, but the games suck… My kids loved the Lego games for Wii. Another benefit: They're co-op games, so they can play with you or a friend. Safari supports Web Notifications: http://caniuse.com/#feat=notifications Safari 11 supports WebRTC, Media Capture API, WebAssembly, WebCrypto API, drag-and-drop, and other interesting new features. If a crippled browser is their goal, they're doing quite an awful job of it. > Neither API is supported on iOS Safari, and desktop Safari only supports notifications while the app is open. Ah, thank you for explaining the difference. Any recommendations for similar "best practices" articles/guides for MySQL? Plain text: so when Optik.io melts down immediately from an HN "hug of death" one can use high-availability services instead. > ...why not provide your view of how this is helping anything? Because humor is a good mechanism for talking about topics we might not otherwise talk about, but should be. By "adversarial discourse", do you mean the site or the HN comments? > Best just downloading the OpenVPN config files and plug them into something like Viscosity… On macOS, I just created a new "PIA" service in Network. Is there any reason to use Viscosity instead of the macOS VPN client? Good to know, thank you! > Best to keep your workloads as small as possible, cold starts can be very bad, depending on the type of project. Here's a recent, interesting article on the topic that quantifies some of this: https://read.acloud.guru/does-coding-language-memory-or-pack... > The issue with web development is that there’s no good, or working solutions. This complaint generally comes from the opposite direction—that the JS ecosystem provides "too much choice", which can lead to FOMO or analysis paralysis if you let it. > On the other hand, you can look over into the JVM world, and, well it just works. There’s one option for dependency management and handling of compilation and preprocessing (gradle)... Gradle, Maven, Buck, Pants, Bazel… Things change. For example... > But in iOS 10, they put AirDrop and Airplay controls on the first tab of control centre and music control is on second tab... ...in iOS 11, it's not. But those (generally) aren't usability declines as much as necessary rethinks about how apps and OS functionality should work. It's unfortunate that they sometimes break muscle memory, but I'd be much more worried if the iPhone still worked like the first version of it. > Few more iOS iterations, and I think I'll switch to Android. That will probably solve everything. /s > To me it seems disingenuous to call that "election hacking". Really, you've never heard of social engineering/hacking? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_hacking > End of the day, your weight doesn't fluctuate that much... It does if that's a focus of your health efforts. > ...that level of precision doesn't add much value and can make weight loss harder. In fact, that daily feedback is immensely helpful. Very quickly, you begin to understand the connection between your actions of the last day or two and your weight. In https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12692552 , someone from the Facebook team linked to this: https://code.facebook.com/pages/850928938376556 You may find both helpful. Sincere question: Assuming you're somehow doing web development without it, what is the problem? > What are better alternatives in terms of call quality? What I'll call "automatic transmission" VoIP solutions are all very similar in terms of quality. That said, there are absolutely things you can do to improve VoIP call quality and reliability: https://book.pod.guru/voip-secrets/ Beyond typical consumer/business VoIP, there are professional solutions like Source-Connect Now and ipDTL. They support selectable bitrates that go beyond what popular consumer/business solutions typically support, with commensurably better quality. For highest quality, the solution is a "multi-ender". In a multi-ender, audio is recorded uncompressed (or losslessly compressed) at every end, then merged/sync'd after the call for a result that can sound as if everyone was in the same room. WebRTC-powered services like Zencastr, Ringr, Cast and Cleanfeed can help automate multi-enders. It's illegal to dump trash in someone else's dumpster without permission, for one. > …it's been great for checking out new podcasts. For anyone confused by this: SoundCloud can't play podcasts, but a small percentage of podcasters host their show on SoundCloud, and the app can (naturally) play those. However, SoundCloud has probably seen the peak of its podcast-driven business. Podcasters have been wary of SoundCloud's fortunes for some time, and most have a Plan B in place. Today's news has likely expedited plans to find alternatives among at least some podcasters. > DRM is a non-starter… […] The fact that this standard is coming to be is just plain silly, but it does no harm in and of itself. If that's true, for you and for others who share that opinion, what does it matter? > None of them provides enough real value to anybody who didn't already have a market before leveraging them. It's hard to take a position like "digital distributors offer no value" seriously when the paid digital media marketplace was created by said distributors. > As he actually has a point. The sensitivity of the human eye goes way beyond 30fps. Studies have shown that viewers can distinguish between modulated light and a stable field at up to 500 Hz. As a more practical example, many reviewers have noted that the new iPads' 120 Hz refresh rate has obvious, visible benefits for scrolling and animations. As a non-MS employee, I'd call OneDrive "fine". After several years, I haven't seen anything to suggest that it's better. I'm not sure why you're confused. It's laid out pretty directly in TFA. > This new tool replaces the existing Google Photos desktop uploader and Drive for Mac/PC. In that analogy, what's PHP to React's HVVM? It'd be ironic if it didn't work when JavaScript was enabled — this seems pretty on-brand. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ > Have you put much energy into making sure that Enpass is secure? Do you know who's reviewed it, and what their review looked like? I'd really like to know this as well. I'm aware that LastPass doesn't have a perfect security record, but because of its prominence it gets lots of attention from hackers and security researchers, security issues tend to be well-reported, and the responses to them seem to be reasonably transparent and proactive. In contrast, Enpass appears to be a side-project of a small app development house in India. Did a miss a memo where Security Expert X said Enpass is better than LastPass? Only if you share it. :) This might make you feel less alone: Everyone feels this way. Do you want to write? Why? Here's a book I recommend for anybody that makes stuff and puts it out in the world: "Art & Fear: Observations on the Perils (and Rewards) of Artmaking". I wanted to see this in context but couldn't find it. Is the word "serverless" used in the article? Waze's primary innovation was to crowdsource near-realtime traffic information. They weren't the first[1], but they were the first to do it on a large scale. Some of it is automatic (e.g. speed, which usually reflects traffic conditions) and some of it is interactive, encouraging users with "points" to fumble with their phones in order to report police sightings, road obstructions, etc. > No one I know uses it and most never heard of it. Intersting — everyone uses it in California, to the point that it strongly affects traffic patterns[2]. Where are you? [1] https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/dash [2] http://www.gq.com/story/waze-ruining-los-angels-side-streets > You are a web design business… Another way to look at this is that you're not a web design business (your perspective), you're a "solve my online problem" business (customer perspective). Yes, you're designing a web site, but in the service of increasing sales, improving discoverability for their potential customers, etc. It seems like you intuitively know this, in which case the "extras" are potentially a distraction, but also an opportunity to bundle services into an ongoing "subscription". My advice: Publish on your own domain, syndicate to Medium (and LinkedIn, and whatever) shortly after. Always import the story[1] so that Medium adds a rel="canonical" link, and link back to the canonical version (e.g. "Originally published at XXX" in the text of the story itself. [1] https://medium.com/p/import If you type ``` on a new line, Medium will switch to code input mode. If you forget, Control/Command-? brings up keyboard shortcuts help, and the 2nd page has the shortcuts for code formatting. > When my children wakes up in the morning they don't switch the tv on or any other screen. They play. It seems like you may be conflating the medium with the activity, and that you're not a fan of exposing kids to computing devices until relatively late. Which is fine, of course! Good parenting comes in many forms. That said, I don't feel bad that my son prefers playing/building in Minecraft to Lego (although he does that too) and started relatively early. For us, any activity that isn't passive media consumption is a win. An important point, yes. Screen time can't be all there is, and we use Circle[1] to monitor and manage it. [1] https://meetcircle.com/ These might be useful for you: https://www.apple.com/batteries/maximizing-performance/ http://www.macworld.co.uk/feature/mac/17-tips-increase-mac-b... Because they fire people who make stupid decisions? > You're using the word album, you're referring to "owning" music, and appears you're unfamiliar with any new music from the last 20 years. "Album" is just a collection, and applies whether or not you own it. The word is used all over Spotify, iTunes, and other online music services as an organizational unit. Fun fact: "Record album" used to mean a literal album — a bound collection of sleeves containing records. This was necessary since 12-inch 78s only held about 4-5 minutes of audio per side. > Site won't load with cookies blocked. (Right-click + "Open Link in Incognito Window", or your browser's equivalent.) They were. Without this lifeline deal they had only enough cash to see them through the end of summer if you believe media sources, or until sometime in Q4 if you believe SoundCloud. "If you wish to make a fruitcake from scratch, you must first invent the universe?" Okay, so the claim is subdomains = bad, subfolders = good. Is that true? I'm seeing vague claims ("Subdomains accumulate positive signals differently than root domains") without anything of substance to back up their veracity or relevance. > Specialized landing pages are one of the few time it makes sense to have separate hostnames. Why, what is the theory? Do you have any concern that the "help folder-ize subdomains" business may go away with a Google algorithm update? > Many people have tested this and written about their results: But I can also find articles saying that subdomains are good for SEO, and Google itself says that subdomains are treated the same as subdirectories.[1] I'm hoping for more than anecdata. [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKQULFm2BQA&feature=youtu.be... I can understand the criticisms of the article, but also the author's pain. The confusion is a Real Thing that frustrates people every day. For example, WordPress-the-Software plug-ins don't work on WordPress-the-SaaS. Or maybe they do, but you need some special plan? Or maybe only certain plug-ins are approved, but you also need a paid plan? It's confusing. So for better or worse, most conversations with new and less-savvy users has to start with a conversation about whether they're using a "normal" install, the WordPress.com sandboxed/SaaS product that prevents you from installing plug-ins, or WordPress on another managed WordPress host that may or may not limit users to certain plug-ins. It can be frustrating. > I do miss Flash's editor for these types of content, though. It's still here! It's now branded Animate CC[1], and (naturally) focuses on other output formats. [1] http://www.adobe.com/products/animate.html > You know what would be an interesting consumer product? A $100 black box you can plug into your home network that runs email, media, and social, applications with no hassle. This basically exists, no? https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0181JTPCU/ That's an HDMI limitation. With DisplayPort, my early 2015 MBP drives my Dell P2715Q at 60Hz. The only reason I used CrashPlan is that, on my home network, anything I'd want to back up is on my NAS. Are there alternative "consumer" solutions that support that? I couldn't agree with this more. And from many other services that have since simplified their ratings, Medium should already know that people are going to give articles either one "clap" or all the "claps" they can, making the additional feedback precision mostly pointless. I actually find myself using Medium less recently, I think because of this (perceived, at least) additional complexity. Totally. Also… > AWS is too low level It seems very strange to paint AWS with such a broad brush, considering that AWS has tons of services at various levels of abstraction (including high-level abstractions like Elastic Beanstalk and AWS Lambda). >> ...Buterin has earned the right... > Care to explain why? (I believe that was sarcasm.) > You can always just use the same old same old, but you aren’t gonna create something new - the thing of your dreams - by doing that. One could argue the opposite — that you can build the thing of your dreams far better and faster by leveraging non-differentiating work done by others. For example: Even a decade in, iPhones use lots of materials and components from other vendors.[0][1] Maybe Android isn't the perfect OS choice. But building a phone without access to an ecosystem of apps relegates it to a curiosity for most, which seems like a shame. [0] http://www.macworld.co.uk/feature/apple/where-are-apple-prod... [1] https://images.apple.com/supplier-responsibility/pdf/Apple-S... > It might seem silly, but I'm looking forward to the first AI talk therapist. Most of the benefit of therapy is the talking, so it's not as crazy as it sounds. Not crazy at all. At least some therapies provide benefits even with simple non-AI processes: "A meta-analyses of 15 studies, published in this month’s volume of Administration and Policy in Mental Health and Mental Health Services Research, found no significant difference in the treatment outcomes for patients who saw a therapist and those who followed a self-help book or online program."[0] [0] https://qz.com/1057345/researchers-say-you-might-as-well-be-... Setting aside the content[0], the first impression is poor. The page title and description eat the entire above-the-fold area, and the pointless background color animation grinds on at 2fps with Chrome on a i7@3.1 GHz MacBook Pro. [0] Which seems okay, if a bit lightweight and vague. Could use an editor and a proofreader ("Abbreviations are you ally in feeds"). > …this just seems like a perfect example of why the ability to do a thing isn't necessarily a reason to do that thing. Some Twitter post occasional tweetstorms. This tool makes it easier to do that. Is it possible you're over-thinking it? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betteridge%27s_law_of_headline... > It's not clear from the article what doesn't scale… This is the main problem with the article IMO. Many IIoT technologies and platforms will be used across vastly different industries. Others will be industry-specific. As they always have, industry-specific vendors will integrate industry-specific elements with more "scalable" elements to provide complete solutions for specific customers. OTOH, every complete IIoT solution will be bespoke. Sales, marketing, and integration will not be scalable. > Did you read the article? They're explicitly not* focusing on user growth:* I also RTFA, and it's hard to understand how someone could think user growth wasn't the focus. — "…all of its attention has gone into making the app as simple as possible to get started with…" [Hint: They did this to improve virality.] — "All along, he adds, the company's goal has been 'getting every single smartphone user on our network and getting them to use WhatsApp.'" Plus, they'd said as much elsewhere as well. From https://www.wired.com/2016/01/whatsapp-is-nearing-a-billion-... : — "Continued growth, it turns out, was one of the main reasons Koum agreed to the Facebook acquisition. The deal allowed WhatsApp to concentrate on growth without worrying too much about revenue." > Of course, if they bought Be and not NeXT […], they wouldn't have gotten Jobs back. Yep. That's an Apple fan's Darkest Timeline, no doubt. Having been in Apple developer relations at the time, my perspective is that the specific OS choice was irrelevant to Apple's future success. By all accounts, BeOS would've also been a fine technology platform for Apple's future. Carbon apparently worked fine on it. And Mac OS X was far from a sure thing, for some time — if early public releases were uninspiring, early developer releases were actively demoralizing. And yet somehow, we had to make developers believe. The only way that could work is if we believed. And Steve Jobs made us believe. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carbon_(API) > I am one of those idiots who still believe Apple is a hardware company and as with all hardware companies, software is an afterthought. You're obviously not an idiot, but the best mental model for Apple isn't "hardware company" or "software company" — it's "product company". [EDIT: Apple actually tried "software company" on for size. Remember Mac clones? It's one of the first things Steve killed upon his return.] Here's the actual TLDR from the article: * Dedicated hardware server—no shared hosting * Gigabit uplink to handle burst traffic * Varnish cache with lots of RAM * Plugin-light WordPress installation * Off-box stats via WordPress/Jetpack * Cloudflare as a CDN * No heavy dependencies (i.e., ad networks) > This is only going to get worse as newer iOS versions drop support for older hardware, especially iPads. I don't think that it's fair to say it's going to get worse, in the sense that it's as bad as it's going to get right now . And it's not too bad right now. Apple is quite good about support for older devices. For example, iOS 11 supports 4-year-old devices, and that's even somewhat of a special case since it's dropping 32-bit support. People use iOS devices older than 4 years old, but it's not a huge burden to keep a handful iOS 10 and iOS 9 devices around for development and testing. Certainly, it's a wonderland compared to testing on Android. > What remains to be seen is how this plays out on Windows. My bet would be that iTunes/Win32 will be replaced with web apps, requiring Encrypted Media Extensions (EME) for DRM. iTunes for Windows currently relies on QTML ("QuickTime Media Layer"), which is the porting layer that the QuickTime team created to bring QuickTime (and QuickTime Player, etc.) to Windows. I'm sure that Apple would love to kill QTML as soon as they can. I'm also reasonably sure that Apple isn't interested in Universal Windows Platform (UWP) development. That leaves web technologies as a likely solution, which (based on iCloud's web apps) Apple's pretty good at, and seems to be betting on in earnest. I'm not making the connection between the link and the point you're trying to make. Can you elaborate? > As our general counsel wrote, we made the decision that we'd never run into the patent issue. That is still true today as it was then, and overall, we’ve been really happy with React. Okay. > …I'm here to say that the Gutenberg team is going to take a step back and rewrite Gutenberg using a different library. Am I the only one missing the "why"? > …passing down to our users. Is that the "why"? If so, what does he mean by it? Meaning: What is the "danger" that Matt says Automattic will never run into, but that WordPress users will run into? Messaging (short text or voice), music/podcasts, health/fitness, ambient notifications, on-wrist remote control. > What's going on here? Nothing new, I think. The complications of Good Art created by Bad People has always been a thing in the modern world (see Bill Cosby, Woody Allen, Chris Brown, Roman Polanski, etc.). > I'm currently using a provider that runs openstack and I'm paying less than $0.009/GB, from the first byte(no commitment). Would you mind sharing who that is? Yes. From http://lifehacker.com/tell-your-roomba-to-stop-sharing-a-map... : > To clarify, iRobot has not formed any plans to sell data. iRobot is committed to the absolute privacy of our customer-related data, including data collected by our connected products. No data is sold to third-parties. No data will be shared with third-parties without the informed consent of our customers. If a customer had already signed up/opted in, iRobot will delete the data from our servers if a customer requests it. This is retroactive. > Clean Map Reports are not shared with third parties. If a Roomba owner does not want to share data with a third party such as Amazon (for example, to enable voice control from Amazon Alexa), the owner can simply disable the skill in the Amazon Alexa app. I love this way of managing tabs and windows! Today I approximate this by using Chrome and the under-appreciated Tabs Outliner[1] side-by-side. [1] https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tabs-outliner/eggk... I thought EME only worked with audio and video. Is what you're suggesting possible? > Podcasting on the phone lost the ability to rate/review podcasts. Happily, Podcasts (at least in the 11.0 GM release) still lets you rate/review podcasts on iOS 11.[1] [1] https://i.imgur.com/AFRSQZu.jpg > Finder app that actually finds stuff I find stuff with Finder. Mind elaborating? (Now I'm paranoid that I'm finding wrong…) ston3r, I'd be glad to help improve the audio and give you pointers on doing it yourself. Just send a link to uncompressed source audio to me at cwiltgen at Gmail. Could WebAssembly, at least when fully realized, be used for this kind of "custom data structure" optimization? > I read into the investigations on FB/Twitter and they only found 10k-100k ads/posts bought by Russians on each platform. Those numbers aren't ads/posts, they're dollars. In September, Facebook confirmed that Russian operatives spent $100,000 on psyops advertising. Keep in mind that (1) $100,000 is 15-25 million impressions reaching millions of highly-targeted people (Cambridge Analytica is now under investigation by the HPSCI), all amplified by the targets' engagement, and that (2) FB is sharing only 100% confirmed activity discovered during very early, self-investigated findings. > The root of the issue here is that URLs are trying to be human-meaningful and machine-meaningful at the same time, but those requirements are fundamentally incompatible. The TLDR of TFA is that an API can support both human-meaningful and machine-meaningful URLs. > I keep reading about how the "notch" is ugly and annoying… If you think of it as a "notch", sure. Another way to think of it is that the screen has a little extra space in the form of "ears", used for instruments (time, signal strength) that would otherwise eat screen space used by apps. As a former Catholic (with a decade+ of Catholic schooling), I can share that that was never proposed or demonstrated. > Hey, that's not nice. "Useless" is a bit strong, but the comment emphasizes the tool's most important limitation. I might've said "Since WhatTheFont doesn't include fonts typically used on web sites, this tool is radically more effective when identifying fonts used in printed materials." I'd like to understand if the team considers this to be a problem that they plan to solve, or if WhatTheFont will only identify fonts that they can monetize. (No judgement either way.) The thing that surprises me about many of these comments is the yearning for the "good ol' days" when Apple released major software or hardware revisions that didn't have issues. As someone with affection for Apple but also a reasonably good memory of its history, I don't believe those days existed. Antennagate. iBook solder fails. Bendgate. Apple Maps (for which Forstall famously apologized). Touch disease. Various Crackgate(s). MobileMe. Slowgate(s). Batterygate. Wi-Fi Assist eating excessive mobile data. Locationgate. Staingate. iTunes. The Mac Pro debacle. Keyboardgate. When it comes to Apple, waiting for the .1 or .2 update (or the "refresh" release of a major hardware revision) has never been a bad idea. > Let's be clear: JavaScript tries to be both a platform and a programming language. I'm not sure how you came to this conclusion. JavaScript is the common language for two major platforms (browsers, Node.js) and many smaller ones (Cocos2d, enyo JS, Espruino, GNOME Shell, Kinoma XS6, NativeScript, Weex, etc.). I'm a bit Lord -ed out. A Bored of the Rings [1] adaptation could be fun, though. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bored_of_the_Rings Miniature Mecanum wheels[1][2] might be interesting for this. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mecanum_wheel [2] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tmiu1wpp_E > iPhone user looking with envy. I'm not sure FOMO is warranted, since Apple's so-called 'cinematic video stabilization' (introduced in the iPhone 6 days) is quite good. Additionally, the iPhone 6 Plus, 7 Plus, and both iPhone 8 models have optical image stabilization. > "For several years now, the trend among geeks has been to abandon the RSS format." I wish he would've named even a handful of examples that prove the point. Even Medium offers RSS feeds for users, publications, and tags. And also, RSS is also at the center of the enormous and growing medium of podcasting, which nearly a quarter of Americans enjoy every month. > I think people are confusing two things: Facebook and its first and main product, the News Feed… I think that's naive and misses the forest for the trees. You may be technically correct (as you would be saying "people are confusing Google and its search engine"), but none of that structural pedantry relieves Facebook of any responsibility over its obliviousness about how it's affecting society. > Facebook changed their core values over what happened during the campaign. No, Facebook's change of heart has been slow, incomplete, and didn't begin until well after the campaign ended. > Facebook is not responsible for Trump’s election… They (obviously?) are to some degree, so I find that a very bizarre thing to say. It's likely that even Facebook doesn't yet understand the full scope of their election influence. > The blue ocean idea for Pavlok (a wearable device habit/behavior trainer)… A digital rubber band is not a "blue ocean idea". http://articles.chicagotribune.com/1991-09-02/features/91030... This seems…great? Why did Microsoft create this? Specifically, I'm not interested in the "because we love developers" story, I'm interested in the "this is strategic for Microsoft now and for the next decade because" story. > I know it's going to be unbearably slow … It's apparently a bit slower[1], but fine. And iOS 11 will see more optimization love in subsequent update. [1] https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2017/09/ios-11-on-the-iphone... Wow! I just checked out the copyrights[1] for Photoshop CC, and Photoshop still uses a (a heavily-customized) MacApp![2][3] [1] https://helpx.adobe.com/photoshop/photoshop-copyright-tradem... [2] https://www.theverge.com/2013/2/13/3959868/photoshop-is-a-ci... [3] http://basalgangster.macgui.com/RetroMacComputing/The_Long_V... For sure, and I don't personally recommend that anyone jump on a dot-0 release of anything. But Apple aggressively attacks dot-0 bugs — iOS 11 is already at 11.1.2[1], and I'm running an 11.2 dev release that's been nicely boring for me. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IOS_11#Updates > What is the scandal here, or the story even? TFA helpfully summarized this in the subhead: "Jurvetson was asked to leave because DFJ caught him lying about what it considered serious allegations, a source said." It's common for the cover-up, not the crime, to be the key reason behind a corporate action. Having read TFA as well, seemingly almost nothing. The most highly-rated comment on the article is a good critique of the title. > I know what capgras/prosopagnosia is, what I wanted to read about was how this relates to Facebook. Not only does it have nothing to do with Facebook (it talks about social media in general), but also does not even begin to tackle the interesting part hinted at by the title. I'm not against two pages of refresher on the psychological or neurological concepts that are going to be used in the rest of a paper, they're even welcome, but if your title is "to understand X understand Y", then I expect at very least two more pages about the relation between X and Y. Or else simply title your article "A historical account of Y". > React has better support for SSR… Mind elaborating on this? I'm about to start a project that will use SSR, and I'm really interested where Vue (which would otherwise be my preference) might limit me. https://ssr.vuejs.org/en/ > I have looked into Mastadon several times, and I still don't understand what problem it is trying to solve. Many aspects of Twitter-the-service are wonderful, but in many people's opinion the service's creator has shown (and continues to show) poor judgement and an apparent inability and/or desire to moderate bad actors. For example, Chris Sacca has been a prominent critic[1], and there's a long history of Twitter's somewhat-abusive history with developers[2]. [1] https://lowercasecapital.com/2015/06/03/what-twitter-can-be-... [2] http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/12/technology/12twitter.html > Part of the appeal of Twitter is that it __is__ centralized. I can find and discover arbitrary tweets or threads by popular people all in one place. Decentralized services don't preclude that — see Google and websites, Apple and podcasts, etc. An open ecosystem means that one company doesn't have to solve every problem, and that multiple companies can compete to solve the same problem. 27" monitors are very common for pros and even enthusiasts (Dell P2715Qs are just $500) who do lots of video or photos/image work, yes. > Well, let's let the author try to convince you that NPS is a harmful, horrible number to summarize a company's performance on. This is not how it's used in practice. Meaning: No company measures performance based solely on an NPS metric. NPS is one data point among many used to measure company performance. There's no more sense in demonizing NPS as there is in worshipping it. > I don't know many tech savvy people with iphones of any kind anymore. To present alternate anecdata, nearly every tech savvy person I know uses an iPhone, especially those who understand the privacy differences between the Apple and Google ecosystems. Also no problems here with High Sierra here on two daily-use machines, a MacBook Pro (13", early 2015) and a Mac mini (mid-2011). Tip 1: Anyone with problems can use Apple Bug Reporter[1]. In my experience Apple really does watch these — I reported an issue with an old USB headset in Sierra and it was fixed in a subsequent release. Tip 2: HN readers in Apple's developer program can use High Sierra betas to test if an issue still exists, and report that via Apple Bug Reporter or even open a Technical Support Incident (TSI). I think it's likely that Apple prioritizes (1) issues found in developer or public betas[2], and (2) issues coming from people in their developer program. None of this is to say that anyone should have to do work to get a bug-free OS experience. This is just to suggest actions to take for people who have a bias for that. [1] https://bugreport.apple.com/web/ [2] https://beta.apple.com/sp/betaprogram/ Plus, it's not like you can't use CSS Grid on a page that uses Bootstrap. Except that batteries don't generate power. The author goes on to point out that all of the power used by the train is indeed solar-generated, provided by a combination of onboard panels and a solar power plant at its station. China and elsewhere, yes. You can Google "buy app store reviews" if you're curious. > I wonder if they would sue the app maker and investigate fraudulent ratings. Apple does investigate this and does take action, yes.[1] > "Almost 1,000 fraudulent reviews were detected across two accounts and 25 apps for this developer so we removed their apps and accounts from the App Store," an Apple spokesperson told iMore. "Warning was given in advance of the termination and attempts were made to resolve the issue with the developer but they were unsuccessful. We will terminate developer accounts for ratings and review fraud, including actions designed to hurt other developers. This is a responsibility that we take very seriously, on behalf of all of our customers and developers." [1] https://www.imore.com/whats-happening-dash-and-app-store > One feature that differentiates Linux from other systems is the sheer amount of choice that you get. It's a difference but not necessarily a feature if, as a user, you don't have the background to make informed and safe decisions about those choices. Posted because I found Evan You's[1] explanation of "push" vs. "pull" philosophies (and how front-end frameworks often mix both) was insightful. [1] The creator of Vue > It took me a minute to understand what interactive narratives were. It's not a term I've really heard before so I imagined something more like a text adventure. Me too. Here's a quick sketch at alternate messaging that might be helpful: "Idyll helps you tell data-driven web stories using charts, graphs and other dynamic controls that respond both to direct user interaction, and interaction with the story as a whole." > I learned to type on an IBM Selectric, I use mostly mono-spaced fonts, and two spaces after a full stop makes perfect sense. It's still considered fine to do that when using monospaced fonts, just as using the prime symbol (') instead of an apostrophe (’) won't raise any eyebrows in that scenario. When your goal is to make something that looks like it was typeset by someone with an awareness of typographical conventions, then understanding those can be helpful. ("Twee bloggers" didn't invent them.) Yes, my response assumes that KC8ZKF is using a computer. > If by that you mean typesetting, I agree. Typing and typesetting are two different activities. Exactly, and many (non-developer) folks may not have ever experienced the "two spaces after sentences" convention if they haven't sat in a typing class with old-school typewriters, and haven't been instructed on formatting monospaced type. hey I didn't know about the syllables thing— what else don't I know? > Why "Sorry" as a button? I believe the idea was that making the user click "OK" was adding insult to injury, and "Cancel" wouldn't have made sense either. That said, the word "sorry" doesn't appear in a HIG from 1992 (the earliest I could find in PDF form). Audion was awesome! I'm a huge Panic fan from way back, and every Panic success makes me very happy. (I'm the Charles mentioned in the article.) > Yes, Apple's security is strong with respect to outside threats, but at the cost of putting absolute blind trust in Apple. You say "blind", I say "evidence-based". Apple has been putting their money where their mouth is. If they stop, I'll re-evaluate. Because the cost and level-of-effort difference between those two options isn't comparable. Firing a function in a way that keeps it awake but uses no perceptible resources is simple and basically free. This is a common way to record remote interviews (since the mid-1900s, I think), and is called a "multi-ender" (or "double-ender").[1] They're straightforward to do manually. All parties participate in a recorded "1-2-3-clap" at the beginning and end of the call, and the claps are later used for sync. There are also many "assisted" solutions, including Cast[2], Cleanfeed[3], Ringr[4], and Zencastr[5]. Some folks find them useful, but the additional dependency also means more things that can go wrong. Anybody using them has learned (or will learn) that they must record the live/VoIP portion of the call as well, as backup. [1] Wikipedia calls this a "phone-sync" ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phone-sync ), which is not a term I've ever heard people actually use. [2] https://tryca.st/ [3] http://cleanfeed.net/ [4] https://www.ringr.com/ [5] https://zencastr.com/ This sort of "assisted multi-ender" solution is a good alternative to a pure VoIP call, and elsewhere in the thread I posted links to more of this kind of remote recording solution. The main problem with them is that they put more of an onus on the interviewee, which often isn't an option with high-value guests. > As this would replace Skype (or whatever conferencing tool you're using), it's not really an additional dependency, is it? It is in the sense that those solutions are not only replacing the realtime part of the call, but additionally must do separate source-quality call recording and post-call file transfer sessions for each participant. I've lost calls (or would have, if I hadn't recorded the realtime part) with more than one of those solutions because of unrecoverable errors on participants' sides. I'm reluctant to name them since (1) they in turn depend on browsers and their WebRTC implementations, and (2) in my experience different podcasters will swear by and swear at the same solution. Here's how I'd order the reliability of common remote recording scenarios, from most to least reliable: (1) Landline-to-landline (2) Landline-to-mobile or mobile-to-mobile (3) SkypeOut-to-landline/mobile (4) VoIP-to-VoIP — Skype, Discord, whatever. (5) Manual multi-ender — Can be done very reliably if remote participants are reasonably comfortable with recording audio. Still requires a POTS, mobile, or VoIP call for the realtime part. (6) Assisted multi-ender solutions — Generally way less reliable than manual multi-enders. In my experience and from talking with other podcasters, expect 1/20 calls to fail. Yes. One issue with Cleanfeed and similar solutions is their very narrow and specific browser requirements due to WebRTC dependencies. Now that recent versions of Firefox and Safari support WebRTC, this should change soon. Mind elaborating? As of late, Vue's TypeScript support seems pretty nice.[1] [1] https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/typescript.html Not sure if sarcasm? "Growth hacks" encourage sharing. This is the opposite. If I cared about it, I would want this "news" to die quickly and quietly. Assuming perfect systems that never fail seems more immature, no? The Awl was a treasure. RIP. https://www.theawl.com/2018/01/awl-ends/ > However, music is different than video and Spotify does not have the same choice. Not only have they been creating more and more original audio content, but they're about to try video content again (their first effort failed) as well. In their mind, music was just their beachhead offering. http://variety.com/2017/digital/news/spotify-lures-courtney-... Higher-quality microphones tend to pick up more ambient sound because they're more sensitive and/or have a larger frequency response. "Worse is better" sometimes applies to mics as well. For example, new podcasters are often advised to use cheap dynamic mics since it forces them to get close to the mic (improving their signal-to-noise ratio) and doesn't pick up audio over 15 kHz (which is not meaningful for voice recording). > …Vorbis and Opus have been outperforming the competition for a long time now. Sorry to be pedantic about one bit of an otherwise-fine post, but AAC is comparable to Opus at any given bitrate[1]. Plus, even the most esoteric flavor of AAC has the enormous advantage of 7+ years of ubiquity[2]. [1] See the multiple charts at http://opus-codec.org/comparison/ , for one presumably-unbiased source. [2] All versions of Android support HE-AACv2 playback, iOS introduced support for HE-AACv2 playback in iOS 4 (released 2010), macOS introduced support for HE-AACv2 playback with iTunes 9.2 (released 2010), Adobe Flash Player introduced support for HE-AACv2 in 2007, All versions of Windows Phone support HE-AACv2 playback, all open source players support HE-AACv2 playback via FAAD2 > If it were due to battery lifetime… It's not due to battery lifetime, it's due to older batteries' reduced ability to deliver high power quickly enough. > …Apple wouldn't slow down the devices when they are plugged in. No, because power is always pulled from the battery. All design is compromise. It's "weird looking" at the moment because Apple was the first[1] with the "courage" to do this in order to integrate what's basically a Kinect into the front of a phone. But phones are already showing up that copy this solution. [1] Well, Essential did it, but didn't commit to the degree that Apple did. > Twitter is experiencing something of a resurgence these days, with user numbers growing since Trump. Any references for this? Growth looks pretty moribund[1], especially since bot-users may represent most growth and could even be masking dropping human-user MAUs. [1] https://www.statista.com/statistics/274564/monthly-active-tw... Here's a list you might find useful: https://github.com/elazar/asynchronous-php > .mov was just a crippled .mp4 That's backwards — Apple contributed the Movie file format as the basis of the MPEG-4 file format.[1] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MPEG-4_Part_14#History_of_MP4 FWIW, even the "can use JavaScript on IoT devices" is not new. XS[1] is an open-source, built-for-IoT JavaScript runtime with 95% ECMAScript 6 compatibility[2][3] ("JerryScript" is ES 5.1 compatible). This is what JS Foundation thinks compelling content marketing is, I guess? [1] Created by Moddable (moddable.com), formerly Kinoma. Terrible name, which I think is one of the reasons it's criminally-overlooked. [2] http://kangax.github.io/compat-table/es6/#xs6 [3] http://kinoma.com/develop/documentation/js6/ https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/internet/prosecutors-get-warran... I like this. If I may propose one more… wave 3: bots[1] [1] https://mashable.com/2017/11/02/facebook-phony-accounts-admi... > As much as everyone loved to hate on Flash, it was brutally effective as a web motion design tool and has yet to be surpassed when visually building interactive experiences. My 2¢: I think you may be romanticizing the ratio of "interactive experiences" to intrusive ads, bad games (but in bulk, to make up for the quality) and (eventually) video. But if you like the brutally-effective tool, it still exists[1] and has seen regular improvements, but now emits standards-based content that works as well or better than Flash did. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adobe_Animate I just tried it: "I couldn't find anything for Chromecast. What else would you like?" YMMV. I haven't seen any issues, and I jumped right to APFS (yes, I backup religiously). FWIW, High Sierra been out for months and seen 3 public and many developer releases since its dot-0. Like "cloud computing", the name "serverless" doesn't make much sense when used literally. It doesn't mean that there are no servers involved, just that there are none to be directly managed by the developer. P2P also doesn't mean "no servers", but that every node is as much server as client. Amazon popularized but didn't invent the term "serverless", which appears to have been first used in 2012.[1] [1] http://readwrite.com/2012/10/15/why-the-future-of-software-a... > "Serverless" is a marketing term invented by Amazon for what might in retrospect have been better described as mini-PaaS. Popularized by, but not invented by: http://readwrite.com/2012/10/15/why-the-future-of-software-a... > As far as I know, all the projects that promote themselves as "serverless" are stateless functions… Any normal PHP app is just a collection of stateless functions, but that doesn't automatically make all PHP apps "serverless" apps. What makes something "serverless" is the FaaS[1] execution model. [1] https://martinfowler.com/articles/serverless.html Me too! It also works nicely when thinking about the IaaS ⟷ PaaS ⟷ FaaS continuum of abstraction. > Isn't "serverless" just a fancy way of saying "someone else's containers"? No, "serverless" just means that there are no servers (or VMs, or containers) to be directly managed by the developer. > Who came up with this weird name? Amazon popularized it, but Ken Fromm's use is the earliest mention I've been able to find (from 2012): http://readwrite.com/2012/10/15/why-the-future-of-software-a... > Do you know what I really want from an iPhone? A more stable iOS. Apple (apparently) hears you: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-02-12/how-apple... I also recommend this Steven Sinofsky tweetstorm: https://twitter.com/stevesi/status/963142502604779520?lang=e... > Would probably use a Zoolander phone if existed. This effectively exists in the form of the Apple Watch Series 3 LTE, although it's smaller than Zoolander's phone (which had to be flipped open to use). I've had it for a few weeks and can still hardly believe I can make and receive phone calls on the thing. > …I think that many of these publishers simply would never have existed/gained traction without Facebook. Facebook made it (comparatively) very, very easy to get eyes on their articles… This is a good point that may not be universally understood. Just as Facebook can suppress certain content when it's useful for them, they also artificially "boost" content when it's useful for them. For example, when Facebook Live was introduced you could get very high "reach" numbers (compared to your "normal" reach) simply by using this new feature that Facebook wanted to promote. . This seems like a Hot Take from 2003[1], when the media first caught on that reputation matters on the internet just as it does in most contexts. It was important way before then, too. Google was arguably successful because they figured out a way to base SERPs in part on reputation. And I know that reputation certainly mattered on the BBSs I used to frequent. Ironically I have no idea whether Gloria Origgi has a good reputation as an authority on the topic, but this excerpt/ad makes the book seem like a lightweight, new-to-the-internet-thinking-party treatment. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whuffie It's sort of sad to read a story about a story, and not be able to figure out which problems were created in the source vs. the retelling. Mashable: "Right now, it looks like Siri won't be blown up and a [sp] rebuilt". Yeah, well, that'd most likely be a huge mistake[1] depending on your definition of "blown up" and "rebuilt", and also Siri's already been rebuilt twice.[2] The Information: "One of Apple’s original plans was to launch its speaker without Siri included, according to a source." Of course — there are always contingency plans. To me, this is a much more damning comment about the Siri team than Apple's "vision". [1] https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2000/04/06/things-you-should-... [2] Mesosphere blog post, definitely reviewed and approved by Apple: http://archive.is/YNMLh > Is there any proof that actual people use and value Google and Amazon assistant more than Siri? I found at least one measurement report: As of July 2017 Verto Analytics showed Siri on top[1] with 41.4M unique users per month (but falling), and Alexa with only 2.6M (but rising fast). [1] https://techcrunch.com/2017/07/11/siri-usage-and-engagement-... > Its reliance on Webpack or Browserify for optimal use really gave me pause. Mind elaborating on what you mean by "for optimal use"? For example, I use Brunch with Vue 2 and it seems to work fine. If you're thinking about using Mastodon, the CounterSocial[1] instance is worth considering. It's run by "The Jester"[2][3], who has experience running secure/hardened systems, and who takes more of an active role in countering bad actors. [1] https://counter.social/about [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Jester_(hacktivist) [3] https://keybase.io/th3j35t3r > My advice to the microLED people.. start small.. To your point, reports are that Apple is starting with Apple Watch. I don't understand what this site does. It appears to be a list of federated social networks (if a very "heavy" and overdone one, but cool), but on the "Fediverse" page (which I guess is the "About" page?) there's a buried and unlinked "Join Fediverse!" call to action with no details about what that might mean. Can anyone provide insight about who this is for and what problem(s) it's supposed to solve? > This will shake up the digital media industry. You can safely bet on this format… (1) Maybe (2) Not today, and realistically not for a few years (if ever). "Standard" (whether de jure or de facto ) compressed media formats (e.g. MP3, AAC, H.264) depend on an ecosystem of supporting products and services, and the existence of that ecosystem for any given format can't be assumed. FWIW: "Increasing resolutions and new approaches to screen rendering have reduced the requirement of extensive TrueType hinting. Apple's rendering approach on macOS ignores almost all the hints in a TrueType font, while Microsoft's ClearType ignores many hints, and according to Microsoft, works best with 'lightly hinted' fonts."[1] Also, OTF is required for advanced typography features. Given that TrueType hinting is mostly ignored, OTF is generally a better choice. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TrueType#Macintosh_and_Microso... It's not because your engagement/user goes down (unless you now also start paying for fake engagement). > There it not only aligns interests, it gives back more than you put in… In my experience that's not a popular sentiment. FB has absolutely decimated the organic reach of posts by businesses, creators, and other entities whose customers/fans have followed them. Now you have to pay Facebook to reach those customers/fans who followed you in order to see your posts. > In this instance, Apple would likely be going to a less powerful processors… Arguably, the A11 Bionic is already faster than mainstream desktop CPUs. "The iPhone 8 even edged out the score from the 13-inch Apple MacBook Pro with a 7th-generation Core i5 processor. That notebook notched 9,213. Is Geekbench 4 really comparable from phone to desktop? According to the founder of Geekbench, John Poole, 'the short is answer is yes that the scores are comparable across platforms, so if an iPhone 8 scores higher than an i5, then the iPhone 8 is faster than the i5.'" [1] [1] https://www.tomsguide.com/us/iphone-8-benchmarks-fastest-pho... > But from an outsider's perspective I can't help but notice that when you're this little company with no chance of making it, the press is very bulish about your company. As soon as you become large, they look up at you and can't wait to see you fall, overly negative. This isn't just a press bias, but a seemingly-universal human bias. [1] https://undark.org/article/why-we-root-for-the-underdog/ > They allow apps like gas buddy to wholesale sell your real time location… You control this. I don't recall whether this app supports "Never" as a Privacy > Location Services choice, but you can choose "While Using" instead of "Always". Facebook had an ARPU of $6.18 in Q4'2017, so ~$2/mo. If you liked this story, https://www.folklore.org/ is a treasure trove of more Apple folklore. > It's really a wonderful story of the triumph of open source philosophy over the IP licensing model. 3-5 years will tell whether it's a triumph or a tragedy. It's certainly not possible to know today. Fans were quite sure Beta meant the end of VHS, but there are so many other (more important, in many cases) factors than the technology. The interesting bits for me: "Our testing shows AV1 surpasses its stated goal of 30% better compression than VP9, and achieves gains of 50.3%, 46.2% and 34.0%, compared to x264 main profile, x264 high profile and libvpx-vp9, respectively. "However, AV1 saw increases in encoding computational complexity compared with x264 main, x264 high and libvpx-vp9 for ABR mode. Encoding run time was 9226.4x, 8139.2x and 667.1x greater, respectively…" > Front-ends like peepeth.com are censorable. To make sure I understand, are you saying, "Every client developer has to handle this on their own, if they choose to at all"? > I think its criminal appeal is limited compared to alternatives. […] It seems like you're suggesting that anonymity is not possible with Ethereum, but searches suggests that it's possible now, and will become easier thanks to projects like Project Alchemy. (I don't know much about Ethereum, though, so I'd love to hear your thoughts!) XS6's ECMAScript 6 compatibility: 95%[1] [1] https://kangax.github.io/compat-table/es6/#xs6 That makes it sound they're running Lua on embedded. In that case, is the JS-to-Lua transpiling done on-device as well? Cool, congratulations! > Bezos' role is to get everyone working toward the same vision. Stories go a long way toward articulating that vision. Definitely. And maybe he's both, but Bezos seems like more of a "mandate" guy than a "story" guy, per Steve Yegge's infamous Google platforms post[1] and other anecdotes by people who know him. > So one day Jeff Bezos issued a mandate. He's doing that all the time, of course, and people scramble like ants being pounded with a rubber mallet whenever it happens. But on one occasion -- back around 2002 I think, plus or minus a year -- he issued a mandate that was so out there, so huge and eye-bulgingly ponderous, that it made all of his other mandates look like unsolicited peer bonuses. > His Big Mandate went something along these lines: > 1) All teams will henceforth expose their data and functionality through service interfaces. > 2) Teams must communicate with each other through these interfaces. > 3) There will be no other form of interprocess communication allowed: no direct linking, no direct reads of another team's data store, no shared-memory model, no back-doors whatsoever. The only communication allowed is via service interface calls over the network. > 4) It doesn't matter what technology they use. HTTP, Corba, Pubsub, custom protocols -- doesn't matter. Bezos doesn't care. > > 5) All service interfaces, without exception, must be designed from the ground up to be externalizable. That is to say, the team must plan and design to be able to expose the interface to developers in the outside world. No exceptions. > 6) Anyone who doesn't do this will be fired. > 7) Thank you; have a nice day! > Ha, ha! You 150-odd ex-Amazon folks here will of course realize immediately that #7 was a little joke I threw in, because Bezos most definitely does not give a shit about your day. [1] https://plus.google.com/+RipRowan/posts/eVeouesvaVX > PR cannot write this type of stuff. They can and do, typically working closely with the credited author. It's common. Temporarily. Once past (and possibly during) the "Trough of Disillusionment"[1], products that really do solve problems that people are willing to pay to have solved will do very well. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hype_cycle > I don't know anyone that likes them. Keep in mind that you're probably not hearing from folks who like them. I use one all day at work and like it fine, even though I like the keyboard of my 2013 MBP better. > The Apple podcast app has gotten continuously worse over the past few years Can you name a few specific ways in which you think this is true? (I personally think it's come a long way from the awful skeuomorphic reel-to-reel metaphor, but I'd love to hear your thoughts.) > Sans incentives, it is NOT cheaper than other forms of energy in MOST areas. You may be referencing old sources. For example, even though the UK's solar potential is reasonably low, the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) shows that levelized cost of solar-generated power IS cheaper than MOST other forms of energy.[1] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cost_of_electricity_by_source#... > Marketing is far more popular today as it was a year ago, 5 years ago, 10 years ago etc. Although it might seem that way[1], I'm curious what you'd point me at to persuade me that that's true.[2] > It isn’t specificaly a marketing activity… By most definitions (and regardless of title), marketing is anything associated with buying and selling a product or service. It's a pretty wide net. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cognitive_biases#Frequ... [2] https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&geo=US&q=%... > If there's no room for critical thought, you are essentially just software that breathes. "Today, Amazon is thrilled to announce: Mechanical Turk On-Premises." I mean, O's wouldn't be so bad. #'s would hurt. The way I read it[1], you're both right. The rabies vaccine is part of rabies treatment, but it's used in the window between being exposed to rabies and developing rabies. People who've been exposed but haven't been previously vaccinated also get Rabies Immune Globulin, which provides immediate antibodies until the body can respond to the vaccine by actively producing antibodies of its own. CDC: "Rabies vaccine is given to people at high risk of rabies to protect them if they are exposed. It can also prevent the disease if it is given to a person after they have been exposed."[1] [1] https://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/hcp/vis/vis-statements/rabies.h... My computer is completely silent. (It's an iPad.) There are lots of really great open source typefaces. In my experience, these choice tend to be more about branding than cost savings (not that cost savings isn't a nice potential benefit). It didn't. But supposing it had, a combo newsreader/podcast player wouldn't have been the thing that brought it back. For a company who wants to "#ReviveRSS", the Stream site seems to avoid the word "RSS" like the plague except in this new blog post. Do they support RSS in their service, and if so does this product use their service for RSS feed polling, etc.? > Not sure why sciter gets ignored in this space. Because it's proprietary software, and $8,600 gives you the right to request features and see the source for a year. Looks like they're using the Ivona engine/voices via Amazon Polly.[1][2] Not sure why this is news? [1] https://www.ivona.com/us/about-us/voice-portfolio/ [2] https://docs.aws.amazon.com/polly/latest/dg/voicelist.html TED talks and YouTube videos already have closed captions/subtitles. > YouTube captioning tends to range from bad to horrible. Yes, and I mentioned YouTube specifically because it's representative of the best machine transcription (which this service is) can offer. TED talks are indeed transcribed by professionals, and so the quality is a magnitude better than what this service can provide. TEDx talks are transcribed by volunteers, so their quality is more variable.[1] [1] https://www.ted.com/participate/translate/transcribe What distinguishes it from popular competitors like Trint, Temi, etc. who also do speaker identification? It is funny, but (for the benefit of those who haven't been to one) also a complete mischaracterization of WWDC. The keynote has always been "dumbed down" for press/analysts desperate for between-product-launch news, with most of the juicy stuff saved for in-depth developer technical sessions. For GitHub's developer users/community, same as Microsoft. > I think this whole idea of pushing "serverless" as a concept to engineers is deceptive at best and damaging at worst… To me, serverless is as normal a progression of abstraction as anything in software development. What about FaaS crosses a line for you, where (presumably) PaaS doesn't? > Yeah, ask anyone outside of hacker news if they ever heard of Google Reader. Consider that because of your highly-technical background, you may be underestimating the popularity of Google Reader and overestimating the popularity of Hacker News among the general internet-savvy population at the time. "Serverless" is unrelated to P2P, although you could write serverless P2P apps/services. (Yes, I said "serverless services".) "Outsourced servers" would be considered IaaS[1], which is sort of the most basic cloud-level computing abstraction. Abstraction levels increase as you make the leap to PaaS[1] and finally FaaS[3]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infrastructure_as_a_service [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Platform_as_a_service [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Function_as_a_service > As far as I know, enough podcast apps require MP3 (and not even VBR!) that you have to use MP3… Nope! Podcast episodes can be encoded using AAC (which is as ubiquitous as MP3) without issue. That won't realistically possible with Opus until Opus hardware decoding has available in mobile devices for 5-10 years. > AAC had its moment… That moment is 15 years in with no signs of losing steam[1]. AAC effectively replaced MP3 for most online audio use cases, with podcasting as a notable exception[2]. And of course, AAC is the audio format for all basically all online video distribution. [1] Apple kicked off the transition in 2003 with the introduction of AAC-based digital music sales. [2] Because podcasting is a decentralized medium, and the vast majority of podcasters don't know much (if anything) about media encoding. > Yeah, the last time hardware audio decoders were relevant was like... back in the Nokia N-Gage days. I guess it's irrelevant you feel overwhelmed by how long your phone can go on a charge. Plus, low-power/low-CPU requirements are an order of magnitude more critical in devices like smartwatches. If you're a podcaster, another benefit of AAC over MP3 is that VBR is not an issue. Every YouTube video has had AAC audio from the very beginning. Same goes for every Vimeo video, every Netflix video, every Hulu video, etc. Streaming audio services like Pandora use AAC too. That's because AAC is the only format you can count on to work on all devices, and to be hardware decoded on all devices where battery life matters. > I think we'll begin to see business logic open-sourced on the blockchain. Business logic is open-sourced now. Why would this matter? > For example, existing SaaS model incentivizes closed-source, centrally managed repositories. How? Nobody would care if a SaaS used a blockchain, assuming that ever makes sense. For users, it's invisible plumbing. > I'm surprised Spotify hasn't broken into podcasts yet (or have they?). Shoot, I hate to see technical folks genericize "podcasts" this way. Podcasts are a great and popular standards-based medium for distributing audio and video on the open web. Proprietary platforms like Spotify ingest a small percentage of the best podcasts and make that content available to their customers via their proprietary platform in order to increase the value of that platform. The important bit is that the Spotify show isn't a podcast — no podcast app can play it. Spotify owns the listener relationship. They share stats with creators at their pleasure, if at all. It's a closed thing. Apologies for what will seems like pedantry to some, but podcasting is the only open audio/video medium we've got. > Do you consider, say, Stitcher Premium's original audio shows like Wolverine "podcasts?" Stitcher does make at least some of their original content available as podcasts, which I think is great. Wolverine: The Long Night appears to be paid-only, but (for example) LeVar Burton Reads has a podcast.[1] > …that service is certainly pitching that they are the same medium/art form as those in the open space. It really looks that way. The domain for Wolverine: The Long Night is "wolverinepodcast.com", which to me says that Stitcher is intentionally leveraging podcasting's popularity to try and sell shows that aren't available as podcasts. Considering that Stitcher was built on podcasting, I find this pretty distasteful. [1] https://rss.art19.com/levar-burton-reads > Pokemon Go's AR was a joke… If you think of AR as video overlays on reality, for sure. If you think beyond video, Pokémon's AR was a home run. My kids know where Pokémon are most likely to live. They know where the gyms are. Their reality has definitely been augmented. That seems unlikely, considering that the first "Golden Age" for EVs was in the late 1890s and early 1900s.[1] Musk was the first to use lithium-ion batteries for a highway-legal vehicle, but is that really a unique innovation that wouldn't have occurred to anyone else? [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_electric_vehicl... > We will soon start open sourcing our content management interface, so users have the opportunity to customize the CMS UI to their needs. "We're going to open source the interface" is a disingenuous answer to the question. Documenting an interface isn't open source. If your plan is "proprietary SaaS", just own it. > i just wonder why jquery is still there? You may not need it! Go to [1], then click on "Show components requiring JavaScript" to see which components require it. You don't need jQuery for the CSS part of Bootstrap, for example. [1] http://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.1/getting-started/introductio... The article also incorrectly calls AV1 "patent free". It's royalty-free, but what that really means is that contributors are licensing their AV1-connected patents to everyone for free. That's all fine and good as long as AV1 isn't found to infringe on patents owned by non-AOM members. > I don’t think the FOMO is linked to Internet usage… Evidence suggests otherwise: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S235285321... > You can't even plug a USB stick into it. You can via an adapter[1] or hub. FWIW, even today this is fairly rare (once so far this year for me) since Dropbox tends to be the new "USB stick". [1] https://www.monoprice.com/product?p_id=13507 A YouTube "view" means that someone played the content for ~30 seconds. > I do too but can we say "most" Americans? Are there any stats available on their customers? "Most" is almost true if you only look at ecommerce. "This year, the online shopping juggernaut will capture 49.1% of the market, according to eMarketer's latest forecast on the top 10 US ecommerce retailers, up from a 43.5% share last year. Amazon now controls nearly 5% of the total US retail market (online and offline)."[1] [1] https://retail.emarketer.com/article/amazon-now-has-nearly-5... > It's open source and looks awesome "Looks awesome"? As the CEO/Founder of the company that makes it, have you not tried it? > "I'm confident we'll deliver an even better experience next year," he wrote in the email. "Even better." Ugh, I detest this kind of PR-written language. Acknowledge failure. "We failed, and we're sorry we let down our customers. We'll try our best to provide a shopping experience that's up to our standards, as well as our customers' expectations, next year." This is not that difficult. Yep! Expandable to a glorious 8MB.[1] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macintosh_II > No, I mean they own the contents of your correspondence because you can't get the emails out. It looks like you can using beta.protonmail.com.[1] [1] https://protonmail.com/support/knowledge-base/how-to-export-... > I've heard arguments like this my whole life. Not once has it turned out to be true for me. I'm with you, and I'm surprised by the downvotes given the explicit caveat "for me". I wouldn't have thought that many HN folks would think of this as universal dogma. > It's easier to just not judge. Don't let others past drag behind them, don't use their past against them. Unfortunately not everyone feels that way, and you have zero control over that. You do have control over the attack surface you leave for bad actors to leverage. > But what is the point of liking or retweeting tweets which you know the author will delete in a year/month? If you really do find yourself consulting liked/favorited tweets on the regular, it's not super hard to make personal copies.[1][2] [1] https://zapier.com/apps/google-sheets/integrations/twitter/1... [2] https://github.com/Datamine/Archive-Tweets Although Netgear Orbi setups do have a full-featured web UI, you can also just stick to the mobile app for an Airport-like setup and management experience. I replaced my router and helped a neighbor replace theirs. After a few months of use, I have no complaints. Nim is new to me and I'm missing the "why" of it. From the website, I'm getting "we like Python but wanted to compile to native code and JavaScript". Is that fair? If you're a developer looking to avoid the same mistake, use "ducking"[1] to help make sure that your music bed doesn't overwhelm foreground audio. Even low-end tools like iMovie[2] support this, although the feature may be called something like "lower volume of other clips". [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ducking [2] https://www.cnet.com/how-to/tips-to-become-an-imovie-master/ > Pocket is, however, sending almost 75 percent more traffic to Parse.ly’s publisher network than it was at the start of 2018. That's meaningless without knowing what percentage of traffic Pocket represents to Parse.ly. Did it go from (for example) 5% to 8.75%? Or 0.1% to 0.175%? > How is a federated and decentralized network reinforcing bubbles and increasing polarization? Because users see completely different local and federated timelines depending on which instance they join. > Do service workers work with iOS yet? Yes, as of iOS 11.3.[1][2] [1] https://webkit.org/blog/8090/workers-at-your-service/ [2] https://caniuse.com/#feat=serviceworkers Apple came aboard with iOS 11.3.[1][2] [1] https://webkit.org/blog/8090/workers-at-your-service/ [2] https://caniuse.com/#feat=serviceworkers "Using case studies involving machine learning and other hastily-executed figments of Silicon Valley's imagination, I will explain why computer security (and larger notions of ethical computing) are difficult to achieve if developers insist on literally not questioning anything that they do since even brief introspection would reduce the frequency of git commits." For anyone who hasn't heard a James Mickens talk, do yourself a favor! Here's my favorite exchange from the comments: > Tigt: I have no idea what you want me or others to do, even after reading this 3 times. > Judy DeMocker [Author]: That’s a valid point. I'm sure it was fun to write a post that imagines how the use of anything-other-than-AV1 ultimately leads football fans to firebomb police stations in 70 cities. But I'd rather have read a thoughtful post on actually-legitimate reasons to care about this. > Keep pushing for free and open standards. Oppose lock-in and patent protection racket. The commenter is looking for a list of specific, actionable steps they can take to make sure AV1 "wins". Unfortunately (as the author effectively acknowledges), there really aren't any. My worry about seeing thinkpieces like this is that Mozilla hasn't been able to influence Apple through AOMedia — it's not accidental that Apple is still missing from the front page — and so is resorting to general-audience emotional appeals. I'd go so far as to say that "here's how the sky will fall" posts like this are harmful to their cause. Safari's Reader Mode is ideal for this scenario. You won't see the associated media (at least not on this particular page), but you can read the story in peace. This is bonkers, but slightly less so once you realize that the author means "mouthfuls of food or caloric liquid" rather than literal bites (which you hopefully do many times per mouthful of food). > As an open source lawyer, this is definitely not an open source license in any meaningful sense… TFA plainly says that it isn't, "at least not by the official definition set forth by the OSD." > I'm sure you can make up another word other than "proprietary" to call it… TFA also answers this: > "Applying the Clause to an open source project will transition the project to 'source-available'." Is this any different than the same non-story we've been reading since 2011?[1] Don't want to give Apple their cut? Do what Amazon does, and don't sell through the App Store. [1] https://www.businessinsider.com/apple-kindle-2011-2 If you're interested in JavaScript and IoT, check out Moddable[1] and their open source SDK/runtime[2] as well. It's by a small group of great engineers who know how to build tiny, performant runtimes. [1] http://www.moddable.com/ [2] https://github.com/Moddable-OpenSource/moddable I agree with all of this but would just note that Jobs wasn't an asshole every minute of the day, or even most of every day. He was often nice, charismatic, and inspirational. The real solution is probably hybrid (i.e. AI-assisted human moderation). I've assisted with moderation for a bunch of communities over the years, and IMO the problem isn't that there's not enough humans — for every bad actor in a community there are many good ones — but that Facebook doesn't provide good actors and moderators with anything beyond the most basic tools imaginable. Had Facebook invested even 1% of their resources into this, I don't believe that Facebook would be the raging culture infection that it currently is. > They will embed advertising in movies. FWIW, native advertising has long been part of film as a medium.[1] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Product_placement#Movies_and_t... > It's interesting to see just how finely tuned it was to practicality and technological constraints rather than an artistic aesthetic. As I understand the entomology of the word, that's literally "technique". As you note, this can change over time as mediums evolve, but a major aspect of creators' work is working and innovating within the technological constraints of a medium. Yes, thank you! > people have the freedom to associate in communities that censor if they are okay with it. You'd think, but no. Some instances are run by "free speech absolutists" (in quotes, because they're really not) who block instances which, in their opinion, are "too aggressive" about blocking spam and bad actors. For example, mastodon.social blocks counter.social, preventing all counter.social users from federating with mastodon.social users. In other words, Twitter users have to deal with the opaque decision making of one @jack. Mastodon users have to deal with the opaque decision making of a bunch of @jacks. > Counter Social seems to be a walled garden but it suits their mission statement. It's not, but counter.social users are blacklisted by Mastodon folks who don't like how th3j35t3r[1] is running his Mastodon node. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Jester_(hacktivist) > Counter.social broke themselves off of the federation. Ah, assuming that's true this is the first I'd heard. My guess is that we'll see more of this as a handful of instances dominate and (in at least some cases) consolidate. My point about @jack is that, for now, you're trading one benevolent dictator for many. The result is a Tower of Babel of moderation and federation standards. Maybe that's a feature and not a bug? It's Linux. "Magic Leap is best known for its hardware, but the roughly 1,500-person company has a large software team as well, and the Magic Leap One has a functional operating system and starting app suite. Its Linux-based Lumen OS…"[1] "There's also information on the Magic Leap's Lumin OS, a custom-built operating system based on open source/Linux tools."[2] [1] https://www.theverge.com/2018/8/8/17662040/magic-leap-one-cr... [2] https://www.engadget.com/2018/03/19/magic-leap-first-set-ar-... > "tolerance" swings both ways. It doesn't, which is the "paradox of tolerance".[1] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradox_of_tolerance > But it was really disturbing that it was a coordinated move by all the major social platforms at once. That's his claim, but the reality is that (1) he violated hate speech policies on several platforms at around the same time, and (2) he's happily tweeting his usual garbage on Twitter as I type this. > Someone telling me what is ok and not ok to believe. Like what? > Mark Lantz is manager of the Advanced Tape Technologies at IBM Research Zurich Seems a bit odd to see such a blatant P.R. piece in IEEE Spectrum. Wasn't optical going to eat rust-based cold data storage technologies? What happened? > I genuinely do not understand Apple's move into this space. Many people didn't understand their move into MP3 players or mobile phones, either. If you take a step back, Apple is an "affordable luxury" technology products company with a heavy emphasis on design and user experience. In the luxury and "affordable luxury" tiers, cars are technology products with a heavy emphasis on design and user experience. Apple knows that smartphones, as we know them today, are likely to be an anachronism by 2030. The market for transportation is large enough to be interesting as a potential source of revenue when the iPhone cash cow falters. > What kind of device or system of devices do you think will fully replace the current concept of a smartphone? Today, my Apple Watch, iPhone, and iPad provide different "lenses" on my digital self + my digital stuff. If I run an errand without my phone, I can still make phone calls, text my wife, play my music, etc. Things like CarPlay, Apple TVs, and HomePods are other lenses. CarPlay happens to need an iPhone now, but something wearable will be enough to power CarPlay at some point. Eventually, cars will have enough native computing power and connectivity that they won't require a proxy device to work. By 2030 I expect AR smart glasses to be fairly common, hopefully with less-conspicuous options for people who don't need vision correction. Maybe they'll be powerful enough on their own, or work more like CarPlay and require a wearable complement. Additionally, voice user interfaces will continue to evolve and work with all of these lenses. TLDR: Instead of today's "hero device" model, I think we're moving toward an "many devices" model. This. I've owned an electric car for 6+ months, and have literally never charged it at home. It does seem tame, but a quick search suggests it may be an anti-semitic dog whistle. A "good" (which is subjective) news site isn't guaranteed or prevented by the use of any particular CMS. A quick Google search shows that many popular news sites are WordPress-powered, including BBC America , The New York Times , The New Yorker , Quartz , TechCrunch , Time , and Variety . Many of these are considered good. > An unstated problem of trying to gauge customer (or prospective customer experience) is orthogonal to this article: people are very reluctant to tell you to your face that your baby's ugly. That's so true. IIRC this lesson is imparted early and often in "lean startup" resources: Testing a product/pricing hypothesis requires that customers "get out their wallet" — that they pony up actual money, or at least click a button where they believe they'll be required to do so. But also the ability to detect lying. "Lie-sense", if you will. > Things like templating, or JSON parsing for that matter, would be much easier in something higher level than C, but python, PHP, node, etc are simply too huge and slow. FYI, there are some nice (small, performant) JavaScript runtimes now. A typical Moddable[1] xs engine app needs less than 200KB of ROM, runtime included, and a few dozen KB of RAM to run. [1] http://www.moddable.com/ Wow! When I first learned web development way back when, I was surprised that something like HyperCard's lock screen didn't exist/wasn't possible. Being able to do this on an element level is a huge improvement over that. This is great. > Nothing they released after it makes sense to me. Too big… The iPhone XS itself is 13mm wider than the S. As someone who uses an iPhone 7 Plus with one hand, I'm surprised that 13mm would make a difference. I'd be curious to hear what you thought after using one for a week. The iPhone XS is 13mm wider. You can absolutely use it one-handed, and can enable Reachability[1] to make one-handed use easier. [1] https://9to5mac.com/2017/11/20/iphone-x-how-to-enable-reacha... > It currently uses under 2 MB of disk space and requires a minimum of around 1.5 MB of RAM Wow, that's an absolute unit of a JavaScript runtime compared to Moddable's XS7, which can run real apps on devices with as little as 32KB of RAM. http://blog.moddable.com/blog/moddable-tech-presentation-to-... > To be fair, they claim at least some subset of Node.js compatibility. That's very fair, thank you. XS7 is more directly comparable with the Duktape engine they're building on. Now I'm wondering if the Low.js folks could replace Duktape with XS7 to help them not only reduce their system requirements but achieve ECMAScript 2017/ES8 compatibility to boot. Note that I said devices with 32 KB of RAM. The XS7 "hello world" sample (with debugger attached) needs a total of 6 KB of RAM on ESP8266s. Ah, indeed. :) Podcasting is RSS. That means that 26% of Americans (I don't have worldwide stats handy) depend on RSS every month. So, more Americans use RSS every month than use Twitter. There's no concept of an "excerpt" in RSS, but if we're talking item descriptions, the RSS 2.0 spec says that HTML is allowed and provides examples. http://www.rssboard.org/rss-encoding-examples > Do you have more stuff to read about it? Yes! Check out the deck and video from Edison Research's "The Podcast Consumer 2018" at http://www.edisonresearch.com/podcast-consumer-2018/ . Regarding the "The myth of RSS compatibility" article, at one point RSS was evolving and changes broke stuff. But the article overstates the case, and the RSS spec has been boringly frozen for almost two decades now. > The article downplays the significance of Atom. Does it? Atom Syndication Format seems like a vestigial feed format, so I'm interested in cases where it's used and RSS isn't also available. Apps like VSCode show it can be done well. And using JavaScript for doesn't necessarily preclude a native UX (see: React Native). > React Native only minimally uses native views. My comment was that it doesn't preclude it, addressing the parent's conflation of language and view layer. Yes, you might have to do more work in React Native. But similar frameworks[1] appear to do this out of the box, if that helps. [1] https://docs.nativescript.org/ui/components > People have pointed out that for an abused child sitting watching with her abuser, this reinforces the idea that the person who is harming her actually loves her ... a repulsive idea and perhaps as damaging as jumping off a roof with a towel. Some good critiques of Infinity War's questionable messages: Let's Talk about Thanos - Movies with Mikey: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7Skq8UtJpY Daddies in Film: Bad Dads [referenced by video above]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJ0nAkXOkMs > Cell phones, unlike home assistants, are not designed to be recording anything by themselves. The assistants in phones work in exactly the same way as the assistants in home appliances, no? They start recording when they hear their voice trigger. Both classes of devices require trust that their maker won't invoke this functionality when it's not asked for, has hardened this functionality against bad actors, etc. > What's wrong with tracking raw downloads? This seems like a great way to measure a podcast's success since the number of downloads probably tracks pretty closely to the number of listeners… I mean, that's one assumption you could make. Another equally-valid assumption is that 50% of downloads are listened to (depending on your definition of "listened to"). The metric is surely different for different shows — I'd hypothesize that most Hardcore History downloads are listened to, but for many shows this is likely guest-dependent. Without data, we can only guess. The completely different Google Sites that OP is referring to was released less than six months ago. > I debated calling this post ‘Home, News, Stocks and Voice Memos for Mac’ because it’s not really a comment on the Marzipan project initiative. I would've been a lot less disappointed with the article if it had the alternate title. > …I like JavaScript, and Typescript isn't JS. Considering that you don't need to use it unless you plan on contributing to Vue.js itself, my (sincere) question is: Why does it matter to you? > Humans have had to deal with climate change for all our existence… Not like this: https://xkcd.com/1732/ It surprised me how many different services it wants to connect to at first launch (thanks, Little Snitch!), not to mention access to System Events. Do you document all the services you're connecting to, and what data is being collected? Maybe the strategy is to service Sneetches with both Star-On and Star-Off machines.[1] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sneetches_and_Other_Storie... > We consider our differentiating features our reliability, focus on privacy, and configurability. Just curious: What data are you basing this on? > We are cloud hosted service… And that doesn't strike you as incompatible with your nods toward privacy and reliability? Keep an eye on Apple, who has active, direct financial relationships with a billion+ consumers[1]. Services like Apple Pay, Apple Pay Cash, Apple Pay on the Web, and iPhone Upgrade Program are pieces of a larger (if relatively slow-moving) strategy. [1] In early 2014 Apple boasted of having 800+ million iTunes accounts, most of which have one or more associated credit cards. In September 2014, Bono leaked that Apple had shared a figure of 885 million. https://9to5mac.com/2014/09/22/u2-bono-apple-itunes/ Years ago I started using this technique to set up my mirrors to minimize that. Highly recommended. [Single-page PDF] https://www.cartalk.com/sites/default/files/features/mirrors... Personally, I'll need a stronger commitment to this than a comment on HN. Also, can you answer my first question? > Go into the settings on any smartphone, and you can see that this is implemented. Not on iOS. Out of curiosity I'd turned off both "AMBER Alerts" and "Emergency Alerts", and still received the "Presidential Alert" alert. It's a different class of alert. What's interesting about it? > It's missing the point in the sense that plain SQL has properties that are not desirable for blockchain's (valid) use cases. The parent's point is that most of the time it's the other way around, with blockchains being hyped for use cases where they're a terrible fit. Thanks for explaining! I also didn't know what you meant by "missing the point", so that might be a good place to edit the article to share what you were thinking. You intersect with many cultures — examples might include religious culture, pop culture, Southern American culture, etc. "White male culture" is a thing, but it's easy to be white and not aware of that if you take it for granted and/or think of it as "the default". (As an analogy, you might think you don't have "an accent" because you think of yours as the "normal" one.) > Networking isn't talking to people about important things. It's talking to people with the specific goal of moving your career forward. If that's what you think networking is, I can't imagine that you're getting great results. Are you? There's an under-appreciation of the psychological toll that content moderators face. > I don't tip 20% when I grab a coffee at Dunkin. Why not? Not a critique, just curious about your rationale when you note that "tips are expected to fill in the gap". > If so then how can something on the client-side compromise the security of a server? This is answered in the plug-in author's thorough note, posted a couple hours before you posted this. Which idea are you thinking of? (Flash was very similar to tools that had been on the scene for many years before, like Director and it's predecessor VideoWorks.) > Is this a joke? Sort of, not really. "SimpleSSR: Don't do SSR" is as humorous as "SimpleC++: Don't use C++" . I'm guessing it's funny to SSR haters? (Related question: Are "SSR haters" a thing?) So is the essence of this particular hot-take that it's better to render pages per-request with Ruby or PHP than to serve a rendered result that has no additional per-request overhead? Are you arguing for or against SSR here? (Both would include base HTML, no?) It does—that's the point of the page. > For one, "no additional per-request overhead" is an oversimplification… That's fair, but setting aside packaging decisions like code-splitting (which aren't unique to SPAs), my point is that SSR is typically used to deliver content and app logic that would otherwise require round-trips to code running on a server. It hardly seems like a huge win for "SimpleSSR". > These tools are no good for automatic lossy image compression The self-promotion didn't bother me until this claim, because you posted some great advice along with it. ImageOptim is great. If you choose "lossy minification" it does automatic lossy image compression, preserving perceptual image quality while making huge reductions to file sizes. Users can even adjust how aggressive it is. I'll take your word for it that I could get 13-24% smaller file sizes with your Optimage product on top of the 80% (or whatever) that I can get with ImageOptim. But I'd prefer that you didn't claim that other choices are "no good". Does anyone know if there have been notable changes since the v2 rewrite[1], or have thoughts on how it compares to alternatives? [1] https://goldfirestudios.com/blog/143/Howler.js-v2.0-Released > Can anyone help me understand the rationale behind the anonymous part… In general, 21% of workers who report misconduct suffer from retribution (source: National Business Ethics Survey). An estimated 75% of workplace harassment victims experience retaliation when they speak up (source: US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission government agency). > Critically, using the persistent location API also allows us to use an acknowledged acceptable way to capture when our users have active screen time. They're admitting to using background location to infer screen time, which is clearly "misuse" according to section 2.5.4. Whether the decision is right or wrong, I find it hard to believe that the developer is actually confused by this. Do HN-ers have recommendations for connected devices that measure S02 and particulate matter? > With the Time Capsule being discontinued, how does the average MacBook user make a backup? In my case, Carbon Copy Cloner plus Time Machine backups to a local NAS.[1] [1] https://www.qnap.com/en-us/how-to/tutorial/article/time-mach... > Wait till A13x or A14x to see an iOS that can utilize it properly. What will these future processors do that's so earth-shattering that it can't be supported on today's iPad Pros, which will run new versions of iOS for many years? > I don't know how representative my experience is. As someone who works with speech content, this seems unusual. Typically, low frequencies are reduced because there's not much useful voice signal there—for example, NPR typically rolls off frequencies below 250 Hz. You'd probably like MetaFilter. > You guys have the best subway system in the US if we're being honest here. The biggest (in the US), certainly. "Best" depends on your perspective. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/10/18/nyregion/chicago-l-train-... This would fail if the decoding algorithm was trying to match exact RGB or YUV values. But in reality, all it has to do is disambiguate 8 (in the case of the example) colors. All barcodes can be printed on glossy papers, so that's not a unique challenge. Various light conditions aren't terribly difficult to account for, especially when known colors are involved (as they are here). Slavery/human trafficking is not a US-only thing. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_the_21st_century > Don't know about face id, but with finger ID you certainly need to know the pin number for all the cases that finger ID doesn't work. This is the case with Face ID as well. I use my PIN more with Face ID than I did with Touch ID. > More than that, it's easier for a security guard to point the phone at your face / push your thumb on the sensor than get you to reveal a passcode It's fairly easy to discreetly disable, FWIW. Just "squeeze" your phone for two seconds (i.e. press the power button and either volume button) to disable Face ID. It also won't work if you're looking away or have your eyes closed. That's up to you. The details depend on what you're using to do backups. I don't know much about this, so do you mind elaborating? Wouldn't userspace implementations be safer and easier to update as we spend the next few years sussing out security and performance issues? > Until then, actual users are telling Facebook, "Full steam ahead." Are they? U.S. Facebook traffic fell nearly 50% over the last two years.[1] Yes, they've got other properties cushioning the fall. But Yahoo! had lots of other properties, too. [1] https://market-intelligence.io/analysis/shakeup-in-top-five-... > I don't understand why Facebook is being singled out here. From where I sit, they're not. Facebook is the canary in the coal mine because of its current outsized influence, but you can find similar pieces about all of the services you mentioned. Here's an example, but I ran across a bunch more just looking for this one: https://www.wired.co.uk/article/youtube-for-kids-videos-prob... Serious question: Were you ever funny? Nice! This takes me back to my days as a kid when I would pour over issues of Cinefex , which I'm very happy to see is still around. If you enjoyed this, you'll probably also get a kick out of how they made the legendary HBO intro from 1983: https://youtu.be/wqzihgR_-SI Agreed, that's incredible. As I watch that it strikes me that one of the underrated uses of CGI is to make practical effects possible that wouldn't have been before. An actor can safely fall out of a helicopter or jump between rooftops, knowing that rigging can easily be painted out. > No they don't. Can I ask how you came to that answer? https://www.crypto51.app/ says a one-hour 51% attack on Bitcoin would cost only $237K as I type this, which doesn't seem like much for tech behemoths (much less nation-states). You may be interested in "computational typography"[1], "mathematical typograhy"[2], and "variable fonts"[3]. [1] http://printingcode.runemadsen.com/lecture-typography/ [2] PDF: http://www.math.lsa.umich.edu/~millerpd/docs/501_Winter08/Kn... [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Variable_fonts I'm glad you mentioned this. There are many reasons why I'm no longer using Sketch, but their weird pricing model is the reason I finally decided enough was enough. What makes you think it's short-term? [Serious question. I don't have skin in the game either way.] > I love how everyone always shat on PHP (the original serverless technology... I like and use PHP, and you absolutely can create serverless solutions with PHP, but you may be confusing "serverless" with "stateless". PHP itself is in no way intrinsically more "serverless" than other options. > Tim Cook loves the narrative that it's impossible to bring manufacturing culture back to the US. Citation on "impossible"? Under Tim, Apple has invested $100 million in US manufacturing. The Mac Pro has been manufactured in Austin since 2013. Whatever the intent, how it will be perceived is effectively out of your control. Its current name is a headwind, actively working against its potential for success. If the project is important to you, you must rename it. https://www.merriam-webster.com/thesaurus/vitriol This one? https://www.gimletmedia.com/reply-all/117-the-worlds-most-ex... > Apple can walk away from China whenever it wants to. Not unless they've spent the last decade building a secret duplicate supply chain ecosystem. Not the person you asked, but I also switched from LastPass to 1Password. The reasons were (1) 1Password's more integrated/more convenient 2FA support, and (2) AgileBits seems to care more about design. Yes, deleting all posts (using Social Book Posts Manager[1] IIRC) and other footprints as much as possible before I did. Of course, I can't control whether Facebook actually performed those deletions or just simulated it to my satisfaction. On retrospect I'm now just sick that I was ever caught up in their "engagement at any expense" Skinner Box to the extent that I was. I'd have Facebook open in one tab and start typing f-a-c in a new one before being aware of what I was doing. Facebook is digital lead, digital radon, digital asbestos—pick your metaphor. Life is much better without it. [1] https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/social-book-post-m... > I don't think either Gimp or Blender have bad UIs at this point. I'm reasonably fluent with modern tools (Photoshop, Sketch, Figma, etc.) and consider GIMP to be an incredible accomplishment. But as much as I'd like to use GIMP, I find it too painful to use even for simple tasks. I wish someone would start a "sister" app leveraging the GIMP codebase as much as possible, but with an entirely different user experience and name, starting with Apple Preview-level MVP functionality and building from there. > That defeats the whole point of 2FA. Does it? I think of "security" as a relative thing, and would rather be more secure than less secure even if imperfectly secure (which isn't possible in any case). That's brilliant. You could even hide other data (shipping addresses, purchase history, etc.) until valid payment information is re-entered, or until the next successful purchase. I can also recommend "The War of Art" to people who encounter internal resistance when trying to get things done. https://www.amazon.com/dp/B007A4SDCG/ Yes, you can absolutely sell "HD SATA" cables. To paraphrase, "There's a new audiophile born every minute". https://jcat.eu/audiophile-sata-cable/ > I'd argue that software is a product… You need much more than just software to build a real product or service. As an example, you can sell LibreOffice[1]. But you're going to need people for sales, support, marketing, finance, legal, etc. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LibreOffice#Derivatives