I'm When I walk out the door, I would assume the contract is over and I'm at liberty to use my freedom of contract to go elsewhere. I've been proactively working on this problem for years actually. This is like my 4th or 5th attempt: https://github.com/kristopolous/ytmix Alright, let's do ruby then. I use vim with Ri, Rdoc, and ack-grep plugins ( https://github.com/kristopolous/vimbuild ) and then use irb with a bunch of extensions ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2952793/anything-like-bpy... ) but there is nothing out there that makes my life phenomenally easy yet (for instance, some really awesome code navigation tool). zsh has built-in autocomplete for ri; try running zsh then do "ri " ( http://qaa.ath.cx/ri.png ); that ought to win you to at least having it installed. And yes, you can do "ri XXX# " for the second level! ( http://qaa.ath.cx/ri-kernel.png ) For the record, I do straight ruby; I don't even know how to deploy rails. Hype: A clever marketing strategy which a product is advertized as the thing everyone must have, to the point where people begin to feel they need to consume it. Substance: the actual matter of a thing, as opposed to the appearance or shadow; reality. This piece is hype. Those that push off hype as substance are swindling your valuable time and are basically saying "come on everyone, let's hope on board the train and base our infrastructure off of unproven, new shit." Which is fine; but only because most of these people are just writing the same social shopping website over and over again; and will do so until the next hyped idea makes its way into the business world. Some think he's just a novel con-artist: 1. http://www.splcenter.org/get-informed/intelligence-files/gro... 2. http://kanewj.com/wbc/ Looks like it equates to fairly decent take-home pay given that he probably works far less than the 2080 full time hours a year for it. And remember, it's a church, so it's all tax free. Marty McFly: Whoa, this is heavy. Dr. Emmett Brown: There's that word again; "heavy". Why are things so heavy in the future? Is there a problem with the earth's gravitational pull? From, of course, Back To The Future (1985) In 1951 you could have whined, "With the rise of pro-grammable computers, the Engineer can simply turn his brain off and let the computer do all the work. The era of craftsmanship has come to a close. No, no need to think dear friend, we have ourselves a Computer. Aughh!" Then, in 1961 you could have sighed, "The knowledge of how to maintain a computer will be gone forever with this increase in reliability. How will someone ever know truly how computers work unless they have to fix them piece by piece." Then, in 1971 you could have pined, "With the rise of these time-share based operating environments, the future programmer has all the hard things taken care of for them. All that you need now is a data-bank administrator and record input clerk. There is no future in computing!" Then, in 1981 you could have lamented, "Baugh! The rise of these pre-built micros means that the future generations won't know how to work a logic analyzer or an oscilloscope. They will never use a soldering gun or know the joy of assembling a memory board because they will just drop it in the slot. Ug!" Then, in 1991 you could have scoffed, "well with all these new fancy compilers, nobody will appreciate the joys of directly manipulating registers and stacks. Instead, they will spend their career in higher order abstractions without ever truly knowing the soul of the machine." Then, in 2001 you could have cried, "This era of the world wide web is hastening the decline of single system software and entertainment consumption is simply supplanting productivity for the largest use case of computing. Programming has become nothing more then playing Oz in the Emerald City; pulling pre-built levers as the scarecrows and tin-men of the world marvel on the sidelines" I use it all the time in network and graphic programming, but I name the variables to state the fact. It's like a poor man's struct; sometimes you are doing say, some kind of packet analysis and you have some really convoluted spec to work off of. You could either formalize it in a bunch of headers and try to synthesize the structure of it or you can use tricks like this in order to parse it nicely. In graphics programming, or more specifically, file format programming, sometimes I have to parse through, or generate a colortable and then go through a bunch of serialized data and transform that into a buffer where I have something like coordinate[x][y]{[z]}.{rgb/cmyk/yuv/hsv/rgba/bgr...} and I have a bunch of unions and structs; having char * data[3] as my payload and then being able to offset around into it is fantastically convenient, especially when trying to apply kernels or do transformations over the entire space. The code is far more readable at the lower level manipulation with this kind of stuff. And when you say 'Well I use OTS solutions for graphics' and I say "I do too, when I can. But when I can't, it's nice to be able to express what I need to do effeciently" To us unfiltered web viewers, they are actually advertisements. cliche headlines make me want to run too ... I despise them. Agreed. The argument about gaining or losing sleep has always struck me as a bit meaningless. What time do I go to bed? Between 11 PM and 7 AM ... depends on the day. What time do I wake up? Oh between 8 AM and 2 PM. Am I some 18 year old without a job who doesn't need to perform? Nope, I do programming and go to the office 5 days a week, lead meetings, conduct interviews all that stuff. I don't take any drugs and am right around 30. This is not just me too. I, and I think everyone I've ever talked to about this have no real substantial long term issues with 10 hours of sleep one night, 6 the next, 8 after that, etc. and having it occur at widely varied times. I once had a paranoid schizophrenic friend that suggested such things were happening to him. I think it's a bad move when what were previously paranoid delusions start manifesting themselves as accepted realities. I started with http://hello.jpg.to/ and was delighted by the results, thinking that the web app translated my phrase into a variety of languages and then made a stylish motif. Eagerly, I typed in http://goodbye.jpg.to/ to see, again, what looked like a totally custom image based on random text that I put in. I have to admit, I found this to be http://totallyawesome.jpg.to/ at this point, pressing F5 and hoping for other stylized generations. After not seeing any, I decided to just try my name ... and found a football player. I actually did this, back then, a few times (I was a pipping teen in the day). It was enormously fun; absolutely loved it; all on a 486-dx(2?) Recompiling the kernel manually was something you just did ; it was expected. Downloading a bunch of source code and compiling the dependencies and managing everything yourself; also completely ordinary. The best thing was going between Pillbox, Yggdrasil, Mandrake, Slackware(!) ... those were the days! There were two floppy disks that you would boot from, the `Boot` and the `Root` if I remember right. If you had a system up and running you could use dd, otherwise there was a DOS tool that would do as much. Interestingly, this was when the first thing you'd see at boot was LILO The LILO above was actually a complex diagnostic result. Getting something like LILILILILILILILI was possible or LIL They all meant a bunch of different things. If you got the full LILO you would be like "phew, it worked". Otherwise, you use your rescue floppy (or the one you used to install, had to remember to keep those around) and figure out what was wrong. CDs originally weren't bootable and lots of BIOSES didn't know how to deal with them. There was a standard that went out called the "El Torito" or something that basically talked about how CDROMS would be bootable. I think Windows 98 had this; in fact, I think it came out of Redmond (but I haven't done my homework in the Goog) So in 199x, even if you had a fancy bootable CD, you were still making floppy images, then inserting the CD when instructed to. In fact, I still have a box of floppies just in case I need to deal with hardware pre-1999 ... which is becoming less and less relevant (I think I used one last in 2006). Then again, I used a 5 1/4 in 2003 ... so I guess it's worth keeping around another 4-6 years. The worst memory I have is when I found out just how bad swap could be. I had to compile the NetBSD kernel on a laptop I had (IBM 360C, active color 640x480 display, NiCd battery, 2.88MB floppy, SCSI disk, huge docking station with speakers ... this is about 1999 (more of 1999 below)) and it had all of 8MB of RAM. I had to recompile the kernel to make use of an early wireless (which felt like pure magic) PCCARD I had (mind you, 16 bit, not 32-bit CardBus) and the kernel took 4.5 days(!) to compile. In fact, I remember starting it Christmas eve before eating dinner and it went on through Christmas day and then a few days after that. I had mastered screen by this time so I was able to see that the machine was really chugging away. The reason was that the compiler used up all of my RAM and was hitting swap. After that I upgraded the machine and the new compilation took 40 minutes. 40 minutes then, seemed like getting DSL for the first time and then clicking on that 10MB file and thinking "What is going on here? A whole megabyte downloaded right in front of my eyes? In mere seconds?! I am never going outside again". I long for these exciting days. The mobile world has it, that's about it. More about 1999; Speaking of 1999, two other big things, the BeOS 5 Demo, booted from windows and was awesome, then there was the "Bootable Floppy Challenge" which was done by QNX ... it was quite impressive in the day. Ah very good then. Well since the CDC now says that blacks and women are the most at-risk for HIV, we should probably change the rules with the times then, right? What's that? It now sound horribly offensive, erroneous, and bad policy? Well sorry about that! Gotta be consistent you know. yes, that's the report that went out yesterday. The context of the discussion was "at-risk" in the spirit of "have it but don't know it" or "don't know what to do about it"; not in the spirit of "have it". You can go over to the early release of the data here: http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm60e1129a1.htm?s_c... ... the people that get the least counseling, don't think they are at risk, etc, are those two groups. They are the ones that are most likely to have it and not know it or treat it and are also the ones to face the largest stigma in dealing with the issue. That's the context; it was the time window after infection but before high confidence of the results in the mouth swab test, which is the standard method used in such circumstances (and also the cheapest). Anyway, that is what I meant by it, and that's the report I was referring to when I said CDC. I didn't mean to say that gay people don't get it. try Tree style tab ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tree-style-ta... ) ... it's pretty awesome: http://qaa.ath.cx/manytabs.png General form appears to be as follows: http://www.facebook.com/ajax/report/social.php? __a=1& __d=1& attach_additional_photos=1& cid=((FBID))& content_type=0& h=((HASH BASED ON YOUR ACCOUNT))& phase=6& report_id=1& rid=((FBID)) After you get that initial hash then you can swap out the CID and the RID and get everyone else (I tried it for 3)... it's pretty easy. This issue is probably going to make mainstream news by noon. Sorry just got up ... anyway ... I got it through Firebug and was able to reproduce it in a FireFox Tab, so I assume it was a GET, although it may have been a POST; I didn't cURL the URL from outside the browser though; I'm sure you need cookies. I've often wondered who the Hitchcocks and Coppolas were of the Adult Film Genre. I've considered the idea that there are masterpiece films, dismissed for being erotic, that have gone unseen and unappreciated by the masses. Alas, I have yet to find a nice thorough list, akin to the AFI top 100 for the lewd. * If you know where this is, maybe you can also direct me to some reputable cult list; you know, that would have Todd Haynes and Kenneth Anger etc... inquiring minds want to know! What about the porno chic movement? Do I see Microsoft on GitHub? what about these reasons: 1. It's trendy. Snooty programmers use them. 2. It's hyped. Annoying masters of hyperbole won't shutup about it. 3. javascript is already easy to write, easy to read, easy to use, and well understood. But really it's because I despise hype at such a deep and fundamental level; it leads people to being impulsive and emotional; making decisions based on personal reasons rather than finding the right tool fo the job. countless times i've seen people work significantly longer and harder with the hype technology then if they had just been solid project managers and made good decisions regardless of what is being currently blogged about. other times i've had legacy systems that were built in the super-trendy tech of yesteryear that was a fly-by-night and nobody uses any more ... sometimes you will have managers for instance, that wlil request something like perl code to be rewritten in ruby or some other rearranging of the deck chairs kind of activity. It's a complete and utter waste of time. I'd rather go home and click on all those nsfw tags ... so yeah, no freakin' way; unless there is native support, it's been around for a few years, and there is actual real solid evidence that it doesn't suck (extra time that is) for a similar goal. Who would have thought that by the time we could get the library of congress on a device the size of our thumbnail for under $30, there would be a draconian business apparatus expecting tens of billions of dollars for the privileged access of such knowledge. "Video cassette recorders now provide the technical means of taking the works of creative people from them without compensation. If we allow a new technology, the VCR, to take property without paying for it, I believe the Nation will be jeopardizing one of its greatest assets, our film industry." -Richard Orear, President of National Association of Theater Owners in front of Congress in a proceeding to block the sales of the VCR, 1982 The MPAA lost and the VCR stayed in the market; phenomenally increasing MPAA member revenue because apparently, potential is a two way street. The IP-based industries see new potentials (eg, the internet), get FUD'd up by the potential abuse, refuse to be creative enough to see the potential revenue, and then go into Destroy-Everything mode. The stupidity runs deep. They seek legislative blockage due to their thorough inability to be compatible with emerging patterns of consumption. I was hoping TB was actually a disused hallucinogen, popular during the 40s. 8mb of ram reminds me of this thing: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGq0jGrJS6U For a while their was a "no tools" restriction. That one really struck me as odd. Some high-school dropout is given broad powers to play mr. security guy at the airport. I didn't fly for about 2 years after someone made me miss my flight because I had to check a jewelers torx security bit screw driver I had accidentally left in my bag (this was some custom, "let's charge you bucketloads for this bit" style screw driver); as if I'm going to disassemble the plane with that thing. so I decided, fuck them; I was not going to give them my money. edit: Just because I'm stating this fact, doesn't mean that I endorse it. Please, just because you agree that the world unfortunately is this way, don't downvote me as if I'm the cause of the current state of affairs. I'm not old enough or powerful enough to be so. Is the author a constitutional lawyer? Because if not, I really can't trust any of this. The reason that constitutional lawyers exist is because this short document is deceptively sophisticated and every interpretation of every stanza has seen its day in court almost every generation since its authorship. Just reading something and assuming that the legal ramifications are clear and apparent without knowing the extensive history of the actual legal ramifications belongs more in the world of political opinion than anything remotely approximate to legal standing. It's almost as if a corpus of court proceedings a 100 meters long should be affixed to every word in order to gain an appreciation for what is legally pursuant via the constitution. What's a fundamental right, who protects it, and is there any document that enumerates said rights so that parties don't disagree? Of course not. But that's what's happened. And as a result, the barrier to entry in knowing the true meaning is now quite high. I'm not placing a vote of approval of this reality; just stating that it exists. It aggravates me too. ah, it was "We the [non-native][male][land-owning][non-enslaved] people [between specific longitude and latitudinal points][that aren't corporations, at least, for another hundred years][unless you are a slave owner, in which case multiply your the number of slaves you own by 0.6 and then add it to you (aka, +1)]". We have been actively struggling and expanding just that alone for generations now. see federalist papers number 51 and 10 to see the thoughts on the constitution and human rights. Items covered include civil rights, religious freedoms, minority rights, the tyranny of the majority, balancing the power of conflicting classifications of rights, etc ... I actually don't find them difficult but mostly because I've read a lot of stuff from the era. It's kind of like Shakespeare, it's hard initially but then you get in the swing of things. There's also plenty of civics style booklets with explanations. check out anything from pcmag.com on SOPA if you want to see spin that makes you dizzy, I could link to a lot of articles, but I invite you to read the pieces on the site itself. Econ, IR, Poly Sci; all considered, at least my school, to be the fall-back majors when you didn't have the chops for things like biochemistry or physics. I stuck with Engineering because I wanted to do it and also, because it was hard; thus supposedly more rewarding in the long term. But this is almost telling me that the easy way out was the right thing to do ... confused. I wrote something about this http://kristopolous.blogspot.com/2012/01/why-pirate.html the phrase "dick around" is actually from "dicker around" which is a 19th c. term. "Dicker" is to "Engage in petty argument or bargaining" and "Treat something casually or irresponsibly; toy with something". So when someone is "dick[er]ing around" they are treating serious matters lightly or doing things in an unnecessarily protracted way; which is precisely how we use it. The word "dick" however, which I would gather, people would envision it meaning "penis" here, simply doesn't work. We don't use "dick" as a verb, yet alone a progressive verb. "To dick" or "to be dicking" a person, although fairly clear in its sexual connotation, is certainly not in use, "dicking (with) a person" however, makes perfect sense, because it's from that ye olden term "dicker" again. So "dicking around" has nothing to do with the slang term for penis or the disused colloquial meaning of a rookie detective, or it being an everyman; all wrong. Sorry to bust your bubble. If you want the free version of Visual Studio, you go to a web page ( http://www.microsoft.com/visualstudio/en-us/products/2010-ed... ) and click on the download link. You don't need Windows installed, or need to be signed in or have special software on your machine to download the file. If you want the free version of Xcode, you first need a mac. Now you need a mac with a recent OS. Ok, good, go to the web page, click on the "App Store" link. Make an account in "App Store" then hand over Your CREDIT CARD information. Great. Now it will download through the app store. Click on "Purchases" to see the status. Microsoft doesn't need to know who I am and doesn't even care if I'm on Windows but Apple wants me on a newish mac and then hand over my credit card before I can get their IDE. Really? Ridiculous and almost intolerable. But that's how they roll. Macbooks catching fire is kind of what they are good at, just do a little google-fu: The Powerbook 5300 was recalled because some batteries caught fire on the assembly line. (1995) The batteries, manufactured by LG Chem Ltd. of South Korea, could overheat and pose a fire hazard, according to the CPSC. The recall affects laptops sold since January, which contain batteries produced last December. Approximately 28,000 batteries are affected by the recall. (2004) Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday recalled 1.8 million Sony-built notebook batteries that could overheat and catch fire. (2006) Great, so someone explicitly asks for evidence that Apple would release laptops that caught on fire, I provide 3 examples, Directly Answering the question; then I get downvoted. Maybe I didn't provide references. Here's the references, most with the official statement from the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. The powerbook 5300 was explicitly recalled, by Apple, for the short-circuit problem. Reference: http://www.nytimes.com/2001/03/15/technology/laptop-batterie... http://news.cnet.com/Apple-woes-continue/2100-1001_3-211692.... http://books.google.com/books?id=R7zgbMJM3vwC&pg=PA10... 2004 recall, same problem: http://www.cpsc.gov/cpscpub/prerel/prhtml04/04201.html (Problem: An internal short can cause the battery cells to overheat, posing a fire hazard to consumers.) 2005 recall, same problem: http://www.cpsc.gov/cpscpub/prerel/prhtml05/05179.html (Hazard: An internal short can cause the battery cells to overheat, posing a fire hazard to consumers.) 2006 recall, related problem: http://www.cpsc.gov/cpscpub/prerel/prhtml06/06245.html http://www.seattlepi.com/business/article/Fire-threat-spurs-... http://www.macworld.com/article/52084/2006/07/recall.html This is precisely what he asked for, and now I've included references. But really, if you guys don't value facts, research, and actual answers, then to hell with it. Why do I try? Might as well hang out on Digg. How much money is a 30 day supply? I'm curious as to the pricing structure in less corporatist countries, especially in places with public health care where (unlike the US), the government has the legal right to bargain prices and doesn't just satisfy any arbitrary price set by a manufacturer. Hi, I'm the actual author of the article (it was posted by someone else ... I'm flattered). Anyway, as an atheist its really hard for me sometimes. There are certainly healthy, productive, happy members of society that have deep religious convictions. So be it. But when people think they have an active full discourse with God and God is literally conversing with them and is furthermore telling them to do things that actually yield no results (Do X and Y will happen, and then Y never does), things get difficult. Balancing the liberty of a person with what needs to be done to effectively empower them is a difficult task. Hi I'm the author of the article. Thanks for your comment. * I didn't post the article here and I wrote it in about 70 minutes; I had no intention of opening up this discussion in HN. * All the information is very public, most of it authored by the gentleman in promotional materials. * The article is about accepting and awareness. There's been much harsher words said about the individual and his project. * The article is mostly in praise of his accomplishments. * I have known very similar people and so this hit me on a personal level. * As an article there's some general rules that yield a good read. I guess I could have been non-specific, or asked for consent of the family, I didn't know this was going to gain so much traction. Yeah. I've only recently become good at it. Changes things enormously when you are no longer ignored. That's horrible. Should I just take it down? I mean really, I don't want to do anything bad like that. I could try to stay up and remove the stuff referring to him ... but I've been struggling to build context without using him as a concrete example. Edit: I'm re-editing it now. (I should be in bed, ug tired) 03:45 I think it is a better job now ... hopefully you find it more acceptable; I'm starting to become a bit incoherent myself and need to catch a wink. 04:25 Just finished another round of editing. I do really hope everything is better. (4:50 still going ... ) I'm working on an edit. probably about 75% of the would be viewers haven't woken up yet ... if things should be changed, now is the time. Alright, I think most of the finger-pointing is gone. Hopefully it's better ... I need to get to bed. (1) it was openly admitted by him (I've changed it) (2) See 1. (3) I removed the word "handicap" - it was done to contrast it with the physical world, but yes, the juxtaposition is effective without it. Did the spellcheck .. I do things in vim and dont have spellcheck turned on, sorry about that. I also removed all references to his name except for the initial one where I cite him as the author of the software. I've also made more of the paragraphs general, trying to remove him as the focus of the article, and instead just as a topic. alright, give me the benefit of the doubt ... I want to make it right ... what would you suggest? lots ... but im not going to name them here. mirror? And so the apartheid security state begins. Here's the endgame: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israeli_checkpoint > Israel is actually good at what they do O.o. Yes. They are the best at religiously driven oppressive racism. You want to find people that think non-kin aren't fully human in 2012? Hey, I used to work in a room full of them; but never on Saturday of course ;-) I've always loved this style of microsoft advertising. nobody else in the industry has this kind of humor. It's been a bit harder to kill off NCSA Mosaic/MCOM/Netscape/Mozilla Foundation than people had imagined; and people have been imaging killing them off for 16 years or so. The likes of Clark, Andreesen & jwz built an idea in 1995 that will not die. it just wont. they can lose their nsf funding, aol can buy up the remains and then discard it; google can use it as advertising space and then go elsewhere, they can take 5 years between netscape 4.0 and mozilla 1.0, but they will not die. Don't forget Charlie Ayers of Google, the master chef with $26 million in options in his back pocket. Actually I have a question ... maybe you can't answer it. But as we are looking for radio signals from other civilizations, what are we doing to make sure we continue to send out strong, unencrypted, easy to decipher signals from earth? To say that IP law will result in all terrestrial signals being encrypted in say, 150 years, is not unfathomable. Then, at that point, if the encryption is good enough, it will just look like noise to a would be discoverer of us. You either see Israel as an intentionally aggressive religiously driven racist (different license plates, voting laws, roads, id cards, laws) nuclear state with a colorful history of terrorism, espionage, invasions, spying, and assassination convictions in multiple countries, or you choose to ignore all of history and blindly support it. Either way, please stop acting surprised when people claim Israels' foreign policy is antagonistic, as if her detractors are mistaken and fabricating... as if Chomsky and Kofi Anaan are liars... Israel was founded by Lehi, Irgun, and Haganah. The evacuation plan which led to the population growth of Israel was invented by Irgun commander Ze'ev Jabotinsky. The sixth prime minister of Israel, Menachem Begin, was also a commander in Irgun. Irgun and Lehi led to Herut, which is now the modern controlling Likud party in Israel. Lehi also had Yitzhak Shamir who became prime minister in the 1980s. Lehi is famous for the Ankara document which proposed a pact with Nazi Germany to help start a totalitarian state (their words) in Palestine, to fulfill Zionism. They sponsored multiple sabotage and espionage operations against the British and in the Middle East. They were instrumental later in the invasion of Iran in 1942. Lehi assassinated politicians in Britain and was described as a terrorist organization by the British authorities. Irgun is an even easier case to make. Its motto: a hand holding a rifle with the words "only thus" underneath it. It was self-described as a terrorist organization by spokespeople from it at the time (1940s) and openly spoke of terrorism as the only effective way for a Zionist state. So yes, Israel exists because of terrorism and is deeply rooted in it at a fundamental basis. The whole point is that to point out that the current political manifestation known as Israel is a danger for the geopolitical stability of the region is actually a valid observation that historians will see as clear as day in 500 years. I know how politically unwise it is currently, but that doesn't make the reality false. There's lots of bitter pills out there. South Africa had a nuclear program, apartheid, and a few interesting property laws. But then they had a regime change and the previous way of thinking have been wiped "from the pages of history"; npt signing in 1991, cwc in 95. SA split in two forming Namibia in 1990, the same year that the talks to end Apartheid started ... leading to the release of Mandela and the multi-racial 94 elections. Sure, in California English, I'd be using different idioms for describing that transformation, but that is the whole point here ... sometimes idioms don't translate well and the nuanced connotative punch of a colloquialism can have different impacts in different areas. Some things just don't translate well; http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/We_will_bury_you (although that one feels more like this: http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/195/treehouse2.jpg/sr=1 ... who's to know?) I would be in wide support for something similar to Israel, but instead of having say, a non-jewish prime minister, they take a Jewish State loyalty oath; an interesting opposite. Statehood ecumenism is seen as a radical idea in Israeli political discourse. I'd just like them to be more inclusive and a bit less violent. dear lord ... all I was saying is that "Here is why people think this" not "you should think this" or even "I support this" other than for the fact that I want cultures to be more open (and that is all cultures ... really). I was just trying to back up the idea that these aren't just hateful things concocted out of thin air because people are evil or something trivial and without context. There's a history to all of this ... that's all I'm saying. Don't need to get offended by it. Even if you were 100% correct, hard drives aren't going anywhere. Browser cache is around 1GB and web developers are itching for vast landscapes of local storage systems. And where do you expect the operating system and marvelous web stack where all these things are created to reside? Burned in EEPROM? I think the consumer already can't really differentiate between what is local or over the internet, they don't know what a browser is by and large. But if what you say is right, the pendulum, at the consumer level, will soon swing back the other way the first time that someone can't access the "cloud" on a trip or forgets to pay their "cloud access bill" (phone/internet whatever) and then gets locked out of ... well, everything. Castrating the device and agitating the users by making everything Microsoft Palladium style will continue to be a bad idea. Remember Sun's motto, "The network is the computer"? Nah, don't think so; the computer is the computer. Networks are pretty important, but they do not replace everything, they are fundamentally not reliable, responsive, or resilient enough to. And every time a step is made in any of those directions, it's done because some machine or some network, somewhere else, is better off. That rising tide will lift all boats, keeping the consumer devices edging ahead; that is unless, you are harking back to the "give consumers bare minimum craptaculous cloud terminals". That's been tried about every 3 months for the past 35 years or so and has never gone well. No. Even if we assume a magical device that stores nothing, cloud storage is still backed by guess what? hard disks. And this time, heavily redundant to ensure low latency and high availability. So no, moving everything to the cloud, tomorrow, would vastly increase hard drive sales permanently. Oompff! http://allthingsd.com/20111005/it%E2%80%99s-all-about-conten... Here's an example. I upload a video to youtube. youtube converts it into about 8 formats (depending on the initial quality; (mobile + flash 8/10 + html5 ogg/webm) * multiple resolutions), stores the original, generates dozens of multiple sized thumbnails for the seekbar, farms these out to multiple data centers, and then stores a bunch of metadata along with that (every like/dislike, comment, playlist, landing source, geoip of user). You are looking at something like 15 times more space needed for the cloud architecture. Well this is because the word "computer" needs to be dismantled a bit. Computers as a personal mainstream entertainment device will eventually work much like television. Data retention policies will be at the whim of the content distributor and consumers will select from sets of content dictated by different price packages. Computers as midrange workstations for engineers, artists, musicians, and scientists aren't going anywhere and will be the same as they always have. Same goes for the NOC and the Datacenter. Devices that collect and analyze data will work much in the same way. The people that will create and maintain the consumption paradise will continue to do things on traditional configurations. The biggest change here is that display and input systems will continue to diversify in form and function. However, the machine will still be a rectangular block, with all the internal components you are used to. The million dollar question is how will people that do mostly office-productivity work? For instance, the person at the dentists office that makes the phone calls and does appointment and billing management. Most could probably get by with a desktop version of a smartphone, but nobody has produced the right one yet. But this doesn't mean that say, the traditional computer will exodus from the dentist office. Just the opposite. They are in every room now, hooked up to cameras and xray machines, talking to redundant servers either on or offsite. Probably something like "Based on the antiquity models of Physics, the ancients thought the following" and then the school children will all have a good laugh. Ford, Kellogg, Seagate, Monsanto, McDonalds and Intel have plenty of notches on this belt. Let's play this game again in 7 days. Execution. Execution. Execution. Really. Ideas are 1% of the work. Doing the idea is 9%. Doing it well is the other 90%. Different things matter every time, that's what makes it so hard. I toss the "take notice" into the execution pile. That's why it's 90% of the work. That includes understanding why brands fail regardless of the quality of the good or service. It includes understanding the pains of your userbase, the expectations they have going in, and what you have to do in order for them to converge and spread your technology in an organic manner. It is the holistic picture that constitutes success. That's the "other 90%" and it's a black art. Surely. I think I'm a bit bitter from all of the would-be-CEOs that have a wonderful idea and just need the rock-star programmer to um, do the design, engineering, QA, customer feedback loop, product definition, you know, the actual work. Let's take youtube; "I want to watch a video on demand". Really? What a brilliant 1920s style idea I've never heard before. It was how they pulled it off that matters. What about an iphone/android? "I want one device that works as a PDA and a phone that does everything I need." Really? Never heard that idea before. Every now and then someone comes along with a truly innovative and truly brilliant idea; and may God Help Their Soul. I've personally suffered from being ahead of the curve many times. Or was it bad execution? In 2002, I had this AIM bot that you would send small messages too, then it would be posted on a website under your AIM name. You could follow your AIM buddies and see their messages. Yeah, it's called twitter. I did it on top of AIM in 2002. In 2003 I did another bot that would proxy messages between anonymous users. Yep, you heard of that too, it's called Omegle. Then in 2003 I did a multiplayer extension to an NES emulator that utilized DCC irc connections so that you could in an Fserve style, play random people well known games in IRC. Sounds familiar? not yet. There will be a node.js/socket.io version of this soon by someone, I know it. So yeah, even with novel ideas, I still think the 1/9/90 rule plays. In the 90 here is the very important element of timing, along with, of course, target audience. So I'm not trying to brush off the necessity of true ideas, just trying to minimize the importance of it. Look around, many of the successful things that we use are totally void of true innovation (as in, I'm not using the First One). The desk I sit at, the monitor I use, the keyboard I type on. They are just decently executions of old ideas. and 7 days have lapsed! FB is down 28%. Wonderful. Very good. I do a lot of thinking about this too. I wrote this snippet a few days ago: I think the core tri-state here is 1 users 2 restrictions 3 structure The users are the target demographic of the sites content. They can be tween girls or seasoned engineers or perhaps people in certain moods (e.g. pornography, games) The restrictions are the limitations from being say “admin” or “god” on the site. Can someone delete other’s content without any recourse, record or undo? Can they masquerade themselves as someone else? Just what are they permitted to get away with? The structure is the purpose and intent of the usage of the site. Is there a forum for user contribution? Is there a place, say on think geek for user photos of products? I think a model with retention and growth must somehow balance the users it's attracting, the restrictions they are given, and the structures of creation they can employ. Together these form a social product. I don’t think it’s necessarily important to get these right at first blush as much as it is important to know what part you are lacking and what direction you need to turn to based on whats going on. It has to be reactive (or perhaps, adaptive). When you get the formula unbalanced, it may look good for a while (large growth accompanied by a decrease in quality is the common one), but then it will collapse under it's own disarray. Metafilter is a nice one. They simply charge $5 to sign up. That's it. Keep (2) open, never have a low barrier with (1) and have it be a, I'm not going to say social aggregator, but a collaborative blogging platform for (3). I too have an in browser db, theres a few similar technologies available. Heres mine https://github.com/kristopolous/db.js and here is someone that takes the performance seriously https://github.com/danstocker/jorder/wiki/Benchmarks ... Have fun! :) I'm trying to follow. So you are saying that with the following scenario: 1. +3000 at P100 or +4000 at P80 2. -3000 at P100 or -4000 at P80 Depending on the context, the answer is basically universally different if you say "1 then 2" as opposed to "just 1" or "just 2"? Yes, statistically they are identical. However, the fact that people consider the significance of the objects and the context of the decision isn't a fault of human intellect. Really, stating otherwise is a fault of human analysis. It's a game theory problem I think (likely a variation of the stag hunt: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stag_hunt ). It's a paradox only because Armchair mathematical intuition fails to explain it. Ok thanks. I am no specialist in this by any means. But I do know enough to be cautious when dealing with these types of problems. Glad you clarified. I've really been working hard on this idea too: http://chatwithvideos.com ... I don't know if anyone has done it right yet. I even used the same terminology. Does anyone know where this one actually comes from? yeah, that's totally the biggest news here for me. Is there actually a decent half hour video program of technology news that's not just a beauty pageant for new consumer electronics? I haven't been to that site in probably 15 years. This is about what I think of: http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_o1MzQ-TV5SU/SIk8yBmT1ZI/AAAAAAAAEM... The red logo, a lot of blue over the right half of the screen and I could have sworn that the login was on the left hand side, that's how I remember it. This is the hotmail that is basically, burned into my memory until my death: http://i.i.com.com/cnwk.1d/i/ne/p/2006/1997-hotmail.jpg Nice Find! I added it to my git-themed twitter account here: https://twitter.com/#!/gitHater Let me explain what's happening. What you are looking at is actually part-git, part unix-shell-y. You did ls * .txt Let's try something way crazy, type echo * .txt What do you see? All of your txt files right? But that's just echo, not ls. Ahh. Here's the clinch. When you do " * ", that's called either shell "expansion" or "globbing" depending on your shell. Basically, the shell says "ok, before I run your command, I'm going to look at it and see if I need to do anything on my end" This is why you can do $ n=0 $ echo $n The shell hijacks your input, replacing "$n" with "0", then feeds it into echo In your example, the shell has hijacked the star in "ls * .txt", replaced it with all of your txt files, say (a.txt, b.txt) and then ran ls. That means that ls ACTUALLY got ls a.txt b.txt And THAT's why it works with echo. --------- So git add "* .txt" works differently, what gives? Well, when you put things in double or single quotes you are telling the shell "hey, don't do your usual stuff here". The single quotes are more extreme. If we go back to our n=0 example we can try two more things: $ n=0 $ echo $n $ echo "$n" $ echo '$n' As you can see, the ' says "relax shell, I have this". So when you do git add "* .txt" you are actually passing the "* .txt" to git. In most reasonable, sensible programs, the program will look for a file named "asterisk dot t x t" in this case. But alas, our friends at git have decided to be tricky. The ' * ' syntax for git is similar to gitignore-like syntax ( http://www.kernel.org/pub/software/scm/git/docs/v1.7.10/giti... ) "Awesome", you exclaim! Not so fast. It's not the same. So git add '!1' doesn't work. git add 'one/ * * ' doesn't work, only git add ' * ' seems to work. Why is it so hard? Good question! I haven't any idea. But we can commiserate together ... you know, over twitter. Have a good one! It was under pretty heavy load ... should be ok now. Indeed! In the introduction I talked about how there was that one-percenter of programmers who know-better-than-the-rest and can majestically out-smart the compiler every time. I assume that those people know what they are doing and don't need to read this! This was for the rest of us. to the rescue: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mars_surface_color I was asked this question once and I said "This is a common, widely discussed interview question on the internet. Are you trying to find out how smart I am thinking on my feet or whether I surf the web, because in practice, on the job, I'd be doing the latter to find out the answer. If you have genuinely unique problems here, you can do better than that." And yeah, didn't get that one. Oh well. "Brain teasers" with thoroughly documented, widely-read solutions leave you with a Bayesian problem: You'll have the 0.5% geniuses that can come up with the answer in 2 minutes and 5% of people that have read the answer but will make you believe that they are geniuses by not disclosing they have read the solution. In other words, you'd probably get 90% cheaters and 10% smarties. duh? I'm sorry but low security systems like hotel rooms of course have wide vulnerabilities. The front desk will just give out keys based on trust since you don't have to register everyone staying in the room; they don't even have an audit trail if they wanted to use it. Keyless entry cars are mostly crackable ... garage door systems are trivial, you can bump pin tumbler locks, many home security systems have no backup power. rfid skimmers are cheap and easy-to-use. almost every elock I've seen has the bus readily exposed on the outside (secured by a single screw at best). There's at most 6 things I can think of that actually do not have trivial security issues. If I knew I would become famous by informing the press that, for instance, a car model only has a handful of key patterns for millions of cars, I would have done it a long time ago, but I thought such things were just stupefyingly obvious. Many after-market and non-luxury cars can fall victim to a replay attack. More expensive vehicles use something called a rolling code, here's an example chip: http://ww1.microchip.com/downloads/en/devicedoc/21143b.pdf and http://www.atmel.com/Images/doc2600.pdf Just to be perfectly clear, what you have is a synchronized incrementing number usually using some in-house block-cipher with a 2^16 period. When the car receives a PRN from the RKE, it checks the locality of its current sequence (usually about 2^8) and then if the PRN matches one of them, you are in. So if you have the 2^16 sequence, just skip over every 2^8 and see if it unlocks. That's 2^8 tries; under a second. If you don't have that, with a few sequences you can deduce the key pretty easily; each PRN is 32 bits; providing you up to 32 bits of information. Since the payload is an incrementing 16 bit number you have probably 3 bits of entropy on the 32 bits (8 PKE commands between your sniffing). Anyway, assume you have 29 bits from the 32. You also have to toss the 16 bit sequence on the 64 bit source key calculations since it is effectively a salt. Therefore, you can conservatively get the magic 64-bit key in 6 transmissions assuming there are no sequence collisions of that length. And even if there are, the solution space of the collisions would be quite modest. Since each transmission has a plaintext serial associated with it (usually a subset of the VIN ... available on the windshield and all), you are not at a loss as to which transmission is which car. So install your sniffer in an office-building parking structure on Monday, assume codes before 1100 are locks, after 1400 are unlocks, and you are in the car of your choosing by Thursday. Pretend you don't have this. Pretend you want to do brute force on the 32 bit key-space. There's something called guard time. The idea is that there's a backoff period before another code can be tried. That's usually about a millisecond or two; if at all. The transmission of the payload is on the order of tens of microseconds. So generally speaking you can presume that you can do about 1.5m keys an hour. Now let's say you are a car thief and you go to a lot of new cars ... there's 64 of them (2^6) just to make our lives easy. You have a wonderful consequence of the birthday-problem. A 2^32 key space with a 2^8 tolerance over 2^6 vehicles ... means (32 - 8 - 6) = 2^18 keys until you should have a match. Now let's see, you can generate about 2^21 keys per hour ... oopsie daisy. Look what we just did ... Your mean time to unlock one of the cars passes a 50% threshold in all of 4 minutes. And that's the naive approach, without doing any predictive plaintext attack. Now let's assume you use both methods together. We aren't talking about much waiting time here. So I mean yes, the rolling code means you can't just do a replay. Ok, fine ... right ... you have to do a napkin full of math and a little programming. It's not real security. The "Cheap as an anti-theft mechanism" hypothesis has interested me in a while. I don't know how true it is though. I see the cost/benefit argument, sure. But then again, thieves come in all stripes. Maybe we should call them matryoshkas? Is this consistent with other companies? Did Ford's heyday end after Henry died? Standard Oil after Rockefeller? Hearst after WRH? Arguably Microsoft has faltered after Gates; what about Hughes Aircraft; well ... right. Founders cashing out after the equity event seem to be a constant death-blow to acquired properties; Snapple, CompuServe, Bebo, Mirabilis, Xoom, AOL, Excite, MySpace, GeoCities. But then again there's Paypal, reddit, and IGN. Nintendo had Gunpei Yokoi, Atari had Nolan Bushnell, MGM had Louis B Mayer; Sony had Ibuka and Morita. Even Disney started tumbling after Walt's death. Virgin has Richard Branson, Subway has DeLuca, Aldi has Albrecht, Koch has the brothers, Oracle has Ellison, Google has Sergey and Brin, FB has Zuck, News Corp has Murdoch, even HN has pg, Ubuntu has Shuttleworth, Wikileaks has Assange, Linux has Linus, and Wikipedia has Jimbo. Perhaps there's something to this on a more general scale. There's other stories though; 3M, Kraft, Merck, Kroger, General Mills, Walmart, McDonalds, Procter & Gamble, Safeway, and Samsung; all continued success long after the founders demise or exodus and without quasi-government granted funding or monopolies (e.g. telecom, auto, and energy). Although perhaps one could argue that these companies have either lost their soul or assumed a malevolent one; none of them, save Samsung and perhaps McDonalds really produce, I'd say, goods that capture people's imagination. Ok, two things. The first element loaded here on the train was stop soundtrack ... that made me bounce as I thought "My mobile tethering will choke on this" and "I don't have headphones hooked up". * A lot of idle browsing come from idle time spent at coffee shops, libraries, and trains using low-power devices (e.g. netbooks, tablets, phones). If you want that to be your time then you have to play by those rules. Make sure your experience is acceptable for these scenarios. * People don't expect playing audio on page-load. If you are trying to shock, ok. But if you are trying to get a message across, and people are around other people they will bounce from your site or have to quickly press mute...you're forcing your user to be really reactive here. Instead of trying to understand the content, they are doing damage control. Think about your grandparents riding the subway reading the old-time newspaper or standing in line somewhere with the 25cent novel. Although our media today has changed, the purpose of the content consumption really hasn't. Make sure you captivate people in analogous ways. Second, the domain made me think it was a reboot of "post-secret". You can go with a goofy or an intriguing domain as long as you deliver something that matches the level of goof or intrigue. The delivery here is ok ... being on HN, I just expected more I guess. If they are including tab/window open and idling, then it's not really fair. It's kind of like presuming that a magazine is being constantly read from the moment it enters your house to the moment it leaves in the rubbish bin. Apple already eats up 71% of the mobile profits. Looks like they never forgot how to act like a monopoly in all these years and they like getting up on stage and playing all their 20 year old tunes: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Computer,_Inc._v._Microso... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphical_Environment_Manager#L... Buying their products is saying, with your actual wallet, and your actual real money in completely unequivocal terms: "Yes, I fully support these blunt litigious anti-competitive tactics. Please do this more." It's almost like a more evil serpent version of the Windows tax: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_refund#The_.22Windows_t... What if Apple spent all this lawyer money instead on making a superior product that would beat their competitors, you know, because it was a better product, and not just go around and be the corporate Tonya Harding? you did see this http://i.imgur.com/KPGYL.jpg right? A large-screen candybar phone isn't really revolutionary. Nor is a touch-screen interface. I really don't know what you mean. Something with a web-browser? http://www.pocketpcfaq.com/wce/wceapps.htm A home-screen? http://reviews.cnet.com/smartphones/palm-treo-600-at/4505-64... An app store? http://reviews.cnet.com/4520-3504_7-5021267-1.html Face-time? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Dell_Axim_X30_624.jpg Nothing that Apple did was really that new ... they have never been the "new"; just the people that came up with the right marketing sauce to convince people to buy it; and that's just a US thing. US lagging behind in mobile tech was an on-going joke up until about 2007 because other companies had had run-away successes in the Asian and Europe markets already. Just nothing of that scale in the US. There were touch-screen smartphones in 1994 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:IBM_Simon_Personal_Communi... ... Oftentimes there were widely available commercial equivalencies 10, 15, even 20 years prior to the Apple "Innovation" event. And then a few years later they (Apple) pretend like they invented and own all of it. I don't see Palm or Rim or LG or Qualcomm or IBM or Sony or Nokia or Ericsson or even Microsoft going around and suing the pants of people in the Mobile space; even though they clearly have more of the prior art right than Apple does. With Apple, suing people out of market has been their modus operandi at least since Lisa. And I really don't know what you mean with the Microsoft comparison; you can do a very identical analysis with early 80s computer UIs ... from visicalc to desqview to deskmate to countless utility suites that did WIMP pre-lisa, some even graphically (e.g., wordperfect, wordstar) My apology ... that's a partial statement. They have 33% of the market and 71% of the profit. Apple has the most profits with all other companies, except the one they are suing, selling at a loss. Yes, at a loss. http://www.bgr.com/2012/04/30/apple-samsung-take-profit/ The basis of these types of IP arguments is that the competitor can take short-cuts and thus price the originator out of market or at best make a much more handsome profit because they didn't have to do the R&D or some other type of fair-play argument line. You certainly don't have to prove that harm is being done for patent violation, but the idea is that such a system exists to stop it. If there's a sniff test here, the highest-profit-margin-in-the-industry Apple isn't passing it. Decent article, but I have something a little off ... it's an honest question though: What compels people to use words like "grok"? Is comprehend, digest, understand, follow, etc. so insufficient that it necessitates an ugly sounding word meaning emotional absorption to be misappropriated as mental absorption? There's no good tense rules established and it's not widely known outside the domain of nerdom. So I ask, to what ends? The most valuable two settings I know for this are: set ttymouse=xterm2 set mouse=n Now you can use the mouse to resize buffers and click on tabs. You can even click to focus on a buffer and don't need to meta-press your way around when you just want to browse things. Go on, click on topics inside of the help, assign the right click to supertab[1], navigate NerdTree[2] like the explorer clone it is. Collapse and expand code folds[3] like a 21st century digital boy.[4] Furthermore, your scrollwheel all of a sudden now scrolls through your document in putty, xterm, screen, rxvt, tmux, iterm; all of them. Yes, total heresy, I know. The only thing more important than this is doing a visual selection[5] and then doing a :!(any program) like say: fmt, sort, mail, python, rdoc, indent, bc ... I know what you are thinking; "But kristopolous, this is so easy; it is not possible". Relax my friend, this is unix, you know this. PS: Here's my custom vim builder/environment maker: https://github.com/kristopolous/vimbuild [1] http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1658 [2] http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1643 [3] http://vimdoc.sourceforge.net/htmldoc/fold.html [4] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZN6kCgMUjFw [5] http://vimdoc.sourceforge.net/htmldoc/visual.html I take issue with this math. The first set deals with percentage but ignores overall numerical values. It's the classic 1 -> 2 = +100% while 1,000 -> 1,500 = +50% error. Most new jobs won't necessarily come from the most percentage growth. The numerical value analysis is then isolated to this percentage growth (thus probably ignoring the 1,000 -> 1,500 industries). For evidence of this, there's an est. +35mil influx of population from 2010 - 2020. If we assume that ~25mil of the influx will be working in 2020, then we have a much more modest ~8.4% growth (from the 2.1mil cited), not the infographic implied +75%. But that isn't the whole story. There's buggy-whip industry syndrome (ie, negative growth industries): In the next 8 years there will jobs lost to automation; eg., bank tellers yielding to online banking, toll road operators yielding to fast-pay devices, you may even see driver-less taxis by 2020. Many of those people will be forced to change industry. Since those negative number industries have to be accounted for, just looking at the influx of population is erroneous when considering potential positive influx. Also, the median age is set to increase, so that has to be accounted for as it implies that a larger percentage of people will be of working age. Napkin math is going to get you in trouble when dealing with this kind of stuff since those things are much harder to estimate, but the 2.1mil cited accounting for 5% of jobs may be a much more reasonable assessment; or it may be 15%, but it's not 75%. Don't get me wrong, I like the color scheme: nice fonts, good layout; I just find the lensing of the data to be manipulative. When you have bad stats you have bad conclusions, a misinformed public, and bad public policy. That can't be good. Besides, claiming a more honest figure of 1/10 of new jobs will be elderly care related doesn't detract from the message of industry's significant growth - it's still a really substantial slice of the pie. In case you've never used this tracking system, the icon you need to click on is here : http://i.imgur.com/o02oX.png That yellow circle with the pencil in it. It should yield a pop-up for you to state whether it affects you. I've checked about 10 stores (~60 copies) ... haven't found a special magazine yet ... I'm going to continue to check throughout the night at various drug stores and grocery stores. I'll respond back here with my findings. (Nothing on ebay yet ... just generic copies) Ok ... I've checked most drugs stores and grocery stores on the westside of LA, here's a few things I've found: Question: What stores carry Entertainment Weekly for sale? Answer: Always Carries: Vons, Pavillions, Rite Aid Mostly Caries: CVS Sometimes Caries: Famima Does not Carry: 7/11, Walgreens, Ralphs, Smart & Final, AM/PM, Mexican Grocers (4x), random liquor stores (7x) Not enough information known: Barnes & Noble, Albertsons, Gelsons, Trader Joe's, Target, Fast & Easy, and Whole Foods. --------------- Geographic Area Covered --------------- I've covered everything in Downtown LA, Culver City, and most of Hollywood, Mar Vista, Marina Del Rey, Venice, and Westchester. I missed a few places that close early; will probably try again around 6am. I've gone through approx 300 magazines, no luck. I'm assuming effectively random distribution of the ad; that is to say that EW, inc. didn't carefully cherry-pick the recipients of the 1000 special ad issues, but instead distributed them indifferently. Some tips: * Some places will only have their EW magazines at the checkout while others will have them on a separate rack which is either on a shelf around where greeting cards end and vitamins start (in drug stores), where the film development sections used to be (perhaps still are), off in a desolate corner, or some place completely unexpected. I have yet to find a store that had EW BOTH on the rack in an aisle AND at the checkout. * Employees of the store generally _have_no_idea_ if they carry EW or not; just ask them where the mags are. * Customers are sloppy with magazines. A large number of times I found say, a Vogue, placed in front of the EW stash; so if you are glancing over the rack and can't find the stack of EW, look BEHIND the front magazines and you may find it. * Grocery stores generally open at 6 am. Drug stores, if they close at all, generally open later; between 7 and 9. * Remember, EW is an entertainment magazine so it will be placed with celeb gossip and other hollywood like magazines. Generally there's a mens' section (with things like sports, working out, monster trucks) a kids section, a feigned intellectual section, a glamour section, and an entertainment section; oftentimes mixed with the tween (think 17, tigerbeat, etc) section. * I haven't tried a book seller (e.g., Barnes & Noble) or a newstand yet, but I don't think they would carry a significantly larger quantity of the issue or be statistically more likely to have the special ad on an issue by issue basis so therefore, I don't necessary view them as more lucrative potentials. * This is the cover you are looking for; it's pretty distinct: http://www.ew.com/ew/inside/issue/0,,ewTax:1227,00.html ... What I have been doing is taking the whole stack and then bending them in a wavy motion to quickly see if it's all paper, or you know, something else. Then I will eye-ball the thickness; this isn't a 1000 page wedding magazine, it's only about the thickness of a Cardbus card. I would think that an issue with the right advertisement would be bulbous and obvious; it clearly has different paper stock. Interestingly enough, EW doesn't seem to have the 25 odd mail-in subscription things fall out when you pick it up, nor does it seem to have a different paper stock ad that makes you flip to it. This image from ebay has a pretty good representation of the standard issue with thickness: http://i.ebayimg.com/t/ENTERTAINMENT-WEEKLY-October-5-2012-T... Anyway, lastly, if you are lucky and get one, please post pictures, I want to see it! This sounds like pretty neat technology. If I owned the only bridge in town, I'd be giving lots of money to the people that had the power to authorize new bridges; they may even be personal friends or current employees of mine (who better to call the shots on the bridge than someone who has already built one). I'd also sign near perpetuity contracts with all the shipping firms offering them lower rates for exclusivity of my bridge. I'd push for tougher building and environmental standards so that any would-be competitor would have a larger barrier to entry and have to go through a longer approval and vetting process than I ever did. My bridge would be the one with the proximity of gas stations, factories and major roads simply because it was there first. Other bridges then wouldn't be built not because I'm offering a better service, not because the patrons are charged fair tolls, and not because the roads are clean and well maintained. No. Other bridges wouldn't be built because my friends wouldn't approve them; they would be further away from the major roads, they would have to go out and pitch to each shipping client, and face a substantially higher cost of constructions. Additionally, they would have to deal with the arguments "We already have a bridge" and all the NIMBY lawsuits that comes with it. Hell, I'd even pay for their lawyers. I'd focus on maximizing profit and making sure I remain the only game in town. When someone has the capital and motivation to effectively stop the competition from ever forming it's in their interest to do everything they can to pre-emptively do so from the start. Heck, it's probably even outlined in the initial business proposal given that addressing potential competition is such standard practice. Napkin math says it would cost ~$5000 to put the data online and ~$138/month to power it: Here's the "Everything will always work" math: ~ 27 3TB SATA drives @ $129.95 [0] ~ 7 machines @ $60.17 [1] [2] ~ 8-port switch @ $11.99 [3] ~ 100ft cat5 cable @ $15.95 [4] ~ 14 cat5 connectors @ ~$5 total. ~ 2 6-prong power strips @ $5 [5]. Total: 27 * $129.95 + 7 * $60.17 + $11.99 + $15.95 + $5 + 2 * $5 = $3972.78. With decent redundancy: ~$5000 [6]. Monthly power bill: ~$138 [7]. Labor: $0 [8]. You can store basically a copy of "The entire internet" for 1/4th the cost of a new sedan [9] and power it at 1/5th the cost of using that sedan [10]. I officially christen this the future. ----- References: [0] http://www.goharddrive.com/ProductDetails.asp?ProductCode=G0... [1] The cheapest all-in-one with SATA I found was the $49 cubieboard ( http://www.linuxbsdos.com/2012/09/11/cubieboard-raspberry-pi... ). 4 of them would run you $200 ... putting it at higher expense. [2] Breakdown: $24.99 Motherboard: http://www.ascendtech.us/asus-p5rc-le-lga775-ddr-motherboard... $3.50 256MB RAM: http://txmicro.com/256MB-DDR-RAM-PC3200-184-Pin-DIMM-Name-Br... $4.00 celeron: http://starmicroinc.net/intel-celeron-325j-253ghz-256k-533mh... $8.95 CPU fan: http://3btech.net/inorlga775co.html $21.99 550 W PSU: http://3btech.net/24pinch550wa.html $0.74 Molex -> SATA: http://www.amazon.com/Syba-SY-CAB40007-Molex-Power-Inches/dp... ----- $60.17 [3] http://3btech.net/giee24ramo10.html [4] http://www.acnt.com/product.asp?pf_id=NHG08 [5] http://www.google.com/shopping/product/18338766357132175733 [6] Using base price * 1.25. [7] http://www.bls.gov/ro9/cpilosa_energy.htm Assuming $0.15 KW/hr + 180 W/hr per machine avg usage we have: 7 * 0.180 KW/hr * $0.15 KW/hr* 24 hr * 365.25 d / 12 m = $138.07/month. [8] I mean equity, cough cough . [9] Based on KBB value for a baseline 2013 Nissan Altima ( http://www.kbb.com/nissan/altima/2013-nissan-altima/25/?vehi... ) [10] Based on 15,291 miles per year average ( http://www.fhwa.dot.gov/ohim/onh00/bar8.htm ) * IRS mileage rate of $0.55 ( http://www.irs.gov/uac/IRS-Announces-2012-Standard-Mileage-R... ) = $700. How did I screw that up ... woops, let me change it. Ok done. I still argue 7 machines though. I mean, sure you could do USB + enclosure or have some more expensive board (with 6 SATA connectors, I don't know how cheap those go). Then you also may need more power, depending on how you use the thing. It's true that fewer machines generally = fewer faults, just as a matter of statistics. But in reality, in practice, the users will probably have some IBM or SGI solution that is a full-height rack with a bunch of SAS drives or something. I'm sure you've seen those things at trade shows. But my point here was to try to determine how much it would cost with total baseline OTS hardware. > That's easily another $2500/mo (amortized). I'd be doing this myself, so I'll charge myself $0. > Secondly you don't really want to store 80T on the cheapest components you can possibly get without a lot of testing and planning. This $22 PSU, trust me, it will come back to haunt you. Sure. Of course. Bump that to $45. Ok, another $200. Not huge. > Thirdly, "decent redundancy" starts at factor 2.5, not 1.25. If you are serving it to the internet at large. But for personal use, 1.25 is fine unless you are saying the proper RAID setup is Number of disks * 2.5; which would be something new to me, for sure. > And finally: If you want to put this stuff online and have people actually download it then you'll soon notice that redundancy is not only needed for availability but also for performance. I don't. The presumption is that it's a copy (my copy, actually), not the original. > A reasonable ballpark figure for low-end networked storage nowadays is $0.05/GB per month (it gets much cheaper above 500T). Thus hosting those 80T should cost roughly $4000/mo, give or take a few. You might be getting ripped off :-(. I can get a half-rack (that's 22U) for $900/month. Even at 2.5 redundancy and if I had to pay for the patch and the switch, it's still way under $4000/month. Besides, the thought experiment was to run it from somewhere like my entry-way, near my coat-hanger: "What's this? Oh, it's just the internet; the Whole Internet. No no, just a copy." Firefox seems to work much better than Chrome here, as in comma works. I have a script that allows you to copy and paste things into the emulator (via keystroke sending). It's totally not-for-production-use but I can use it. I did a mandelbrot and a ray tracer with it; I wrote the copy/paste tool for bellards http://bellard.org/jslinux/ Don't give up. I just saw this 2 days ago at a talk given by Venu Anuganti (the url was on the final slide, he didn't actually vocalize it though). Seeing something for the first time twice in two days in startup land could be a fluke, or it could be a trend. You may be on the brink of success. In fact, I'm going to download and compile this right now. oh man, is my face red :(. I'm still your new watcher on github though ... :) I just moved back to the 2.6.0 tag. works. This looks like a scalable database. I don't know if it was a for-profit company that you just open-sourced at the end or what. All I know is that I don't see what I'm using. This is about a day worth of authorship on your part. Literally. 1. Write something to help a noob like me find out what I'm doing. 2. Give some (it can be silly and contrived) but useful example to bootstrap the user. In programming you are fundamentally building something abstract that lacks concrete reality. The key to success, I've found, is giving it that concrete reality through coherent narratives, consistent verbiage, probably more. Silly marketing can make or break your product. Example time (I don't have many) I have this dumb little library called TickTick. When I linked people directly to the github is flopped ( https://github.com/kristopolous/TickTick ) ... so what I made was this http://qaa.ath.cx/TheEmperorsNewClothes.html . I made it very carefully; being light hearted, poking fun at myself, trying to balance what people would think of it, being overall positive. I was trying to strike a really delicate balance in basically an advertising-to-geeks campaign. Well, I think it worked pretty well. The project has 203 followers, which is my most successful by far. I've found that this stuff matters a lot. Man does it ever. Backbone, underscore, and socket.io are probably popular not only because they have functional code (there's a lot of functional code out there) but because they have pretty websites (pretty is a POV word, but I think most people would agree those three sites follow aesthetic rules of thumb or modern web design ideas). The readership of my blog entries went up phenomenally when I spent about 2 hours on my CSS. I spend 2-3 weeks on my longer articles ... that's 100+ hours, per article, it seems ludicrous that 2 hours on layout could lead to a larger gain than an extra 20 hours on citations and research. But let me tell you right now, that is irrefutably true if you hadn't done it at all yet. I think jQuery was so successful (and probably PHP too) because their documentation is so easy to navigate. No, it's not that it was so well written (Python is better written), but because google picked it up well and it was a cinch to navigate, and it worked. Can someone far more successful than me weigh in on this, I hate to see people doing solid work and not getting acknowledged; that's enormously frustrating. Anybody out there? To me the most interesting thing is that it slightly resembles my gold standard for polls: http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2012/president/2012_... That site, btw, seems to be out of the damned future with their predictions. resize the window slightly if it's blank ... there's a silly renderer bug in the latest chrome. I had to do it here. And no, I don't know the bug number or if it's tracked or if it's been fixed. I just deal with it and hope it will be fixed eventually. That's because those are from 1910: http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:France_in_XXI_Century... while ones from 1899, not so accurate: http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:France_in_XXI_Century... The 1899 depictions are due to earlier models from people like http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alphonse_P%C3%A9naud and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cl%C3%A9ment_Ader More police mean more people. More people mean more mistakes. And when police make mistakes people die or at best go to jail unnecessarily. Law enforcement is entrenched with a stand-your-ground-to-hell-with-the-facts culture. Their job is essentially to find "bad guys" so when there are many more cops then bad guys, the category of bad-guy gets vastly expanded. In 2002 at LAX there were so many cops it was ridiculous. My friend got a ticket for littering and I got one for jaywalking. Actually he was going to arrest me at first. So yes, please, I want that experience everywhere I go. If I walk briskly, well then I should be stopped and questioned. If I stop slightly ahead of the line at the crosswalk, I should get a $500 fine every time and eventually lose my license. But the police of course can simply turn on their sirens and go through whatever red light they please, or park in front of a hydrant, or on a sidewalk, they are above the law after all. This overreaching police state sounds simply wonderful. Where does one sign up? Do you have any concrete examples? It's in the class of restricting personal liberty in the name of public safety. I don't think you'll get people to move on their positions very easily. His name is Gabriel Weinberg and I am continually impressed. I wish I had a chance to work for him. And that's because GoDaddy's interface is convoluted and confusing; almost designed so that users accidentally click and buy more things instead of get things done. Accessing the panel to change DNS records shouldn't be 7 or so clicks away from the dashboard. I really haven't had any problem getting anything done with any other provider. And bam, junk fax companies are back in business. I remember staroffice 5 (its ancient predecessor) in the late 90s. The interface was amazing to my eyes, for the time: http://linuxbook.orbdesigns.com/ch11/images/btlb1114.jpg and http://www.os2ezine.com/v4n3/sointr-1.gif The star office applications all played well with each other in this shell of an application that looked like windows 95. This is back when KDE was a new thing and many people were using FVWM ... it just looked so wonderfully sophisticated up against the desktop applications available for linux at the time. PS: http://www.os2ezine.com/v4n3/soui-1.gif and http://www.os2ezine.com/v4n3/soint-4.gif and http://www.os2ezine.com/v4n3/soss-6.gif and http://www.os2ezine.com/v4n3/soss-5.gif ... I don't know how it's taken them 15 years to start to be awesome again. I've been working on something that does something like this for 2 years ... it's a busy field: https://github.com/kristopolous/db.js lines like this: DB() .insert(what) .find( DB(".contentDetails.regionRestriction.blocked.indexOf('US') > -1") ) .select('id') .each(Timeline.remove); This is great. My whole life landing on Mars has been perpetually in the closer and closer future. The Russians talked about 20-25 year plans in the 50s and 60s. When I was a kid, in the 80s, they talked about Mars in 15-20 year plans. 199x: 10-15. 200x: 5-10. Now: 5. The ambitious goals gradually decrease in time estimates and then one day, it actually happens. Do I expect Mars in 2018? no. By 2030? sure. That's fine by me. Imagine: Living humans landing on Another Planet; one that is but a dot in the sky to the human eye. They'll get out of a space craft and set foot upon the /Surface of Mars/. We will be The Aliens. On that day, we will assume the next step of being the intelligent life that we always hoped for; coming in from outer space, out of the sky, like a Greek God descending from Mount Olympus. We'll need to dream a new future; this one will be in the past. Be patient. Be part of it. And this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_manned_Mars_mission_pla... yfiles for html has a strikingly similar approach to going about doing things. > Minority Report interfaces also will never become mass consumer adopted because of this. it's actually been built, by the same guy that designed the thing for the movie, but many express reservations: http://oblong.com/ There's also kinect and leap in this space in the "stuff I can buy today" column. So I wouldn't discount this as "never" quite yet. It was bought in July of 1994¹ for a company called NeXT that Steve Jobs started in 1985² and sold to Apple in 1996³. After which he had a second "boardroom coup"[4] which he won; going on to become the CEO for a second time[5]. The first coup he lost[6], resigned, and started NeXT[7]. Due to horrible sales of the Lisa[8], Apple III[9], and original Macintosh ref:1984-86[10], Jobs wasn't trusted to make sound business decisions[11]. NeXT didn't sell many machines either; only 50k over its 11 years[12]; one of which TBL used to make the World Wide Web[13]. The nextgen Mac OS was scrapped in favor of a nextgen NeXTStep[14], branded as OS X[15] [16]. Fun Fact: I own zero Apple products except for some stock I bought in 1998 (after trying a rhapsody developer preview) and one NeXTStation color turbo I got at a surplus sale in early 2001 (in my parents garage, up in the rafters; call it an investment). Best $1,000 and $25 I've ever spent, respectively. [1] http://who.is/whois/next.com [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NeXT#1985.E2.80.931986:_Foundin... [3] http://news.cnet.com/Apple-acquires-Next,-Jobs/2100-1001_3-2... [4] http://news.cnet.com/Amelio,-Hancock-out-of-Apple/2009-1001_... [5] http://news.cnet.com/Jobs-named-interim-Apple-CEO/2100-1001_... [6] http://news.google.com/newspapers?id=JiAyAAAAIBAJ&sjid=3... [7] http://money.cnn.com/magazines/fortune/fortune_archive/1987/... [8] http://news.google.com/newspapers?id=dxEhAAAAIBAJ&sjid=J... [9] http://www.nytimes.com/1984/01/16/business/apple-expands-pro... [10] http://news.google.com/newspapers?id=CgwhAAAAIBAJ&sjid=T... [11] http://money.cnn.com/magazines/fortune/fortune_archive/1985/... [12] http://www.crunchbase.com/company/next-computer [13] http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/WorldWideWeb.html [14] http://www.businessweek.com/bwdaily/dnflash/january/new0114c... [15] http://www.nytimes.com/1998/05/12/business/rhapsody-s-out-os... [16] http://www.rhapsodyos.org/misc/rhap_timeline/Rhapsody_Timeli... I've used gimp since 1997 exclusively and I hate every bit of 2.8s interface ... from the impossible to find dockable tabs that hide every which way, to the laborious change in workflows, to the new way they've decided to do ranges ... making it really simple to choose numbers like 15 bazillion versus 10 bazillion but making it impossibly difficult to easily go between 1 and 4. And they STILL only have 8 bits per plane (people were whining about this in the 90s ... when Bill Clinton was president), STILL can't remember sub-pixel rendering steps ... other than improved PSD importing, I don't see why. I'm sure they've put a lot of work into this; but not in the right areas. Their target audience should be highly technical people that need to do image work and want a tool like vim/emacs/zsh etc but for images; learning curves are ok as long as you can combine simple steps in composable tasks to do amazing things. I say the same things about all my good tools: "I've been using it for 10+ years, I totally suck at it still, and I would never use anything else". You can say that about paintbrushes, driving, violins, maybe even photoshop or excel; but not gimp. They were going down that road for a while in the 2.2 or so days, but then they did a 180. Here's what I did on the old kernel.org: 1. I typed in www.kernel.org 2. I looked for the new kernel on the page that loaded. 3. I clicked on the link and my download started. On the new kernel.org: 1. I type in www.kernel.org 2. I look for the new kernel on the page that loads. 3. I click on the link and my download starts. Conclusion: Good job. You made the site look more modern without disrupting the most common workflow. The only 2 suggestions I have are 1. The entire container for "Latest Stable Kernel" should be the hit point; yes, all of it, including those words. 2. When I hover over the tabular download links, my eye can get confused on which row I'm on. Something purely css and really subtle would alleviate that; for instance: * changing the row background color * changing the color of the font for the row * prepending a UL style dot to the LHS of the row * making the bordertop and borderbottom more distinct * underlying or italicizing the words * etc... any of these things would help and I'm totally agnostic to what is done; it would be a quick fix that would really make the thing less prone to human error. I've often wondered what all those extra bits of information mean and whether there's information encoded in there that I may not want to give someone. That's because americans drag their feet. Look at what happened to ShangHai in 20 years: http://www.businessinsider.com/shanghai-1990-vs-2010-2010-6 Or Dubai in 17: http://www.ebaumsworld.com/pictures/view/187773/ Or (in the US): South (new) Las Vegas: http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/IOTD/view.php?id=37228 Or take the 1994 LA Earthquake where the freeways were repaired 2.5 months early: http://articles.latimes.com/1994-04-06/news/mn-42778_1_santa... Or you can even go 150 years back to when the London Sewage System was built, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/London_sewerage_system in a matter of a few years Or Chongqing: http://forum.skyscraperpage.com/showthread.php?t=172962 ... their rivers glisten brown with progress (I guess) Or take the Chinese High Speed Rail which went from 0 KM in 2007 to 9300 KM in 2012. Or take the German Autobahn which went from 108 KM to 3736 KM between 1935 and 1940. I see you are using my stemmer implementation ... snowball and porter2 are better - git clone that instead. In fact, if you had poked around, you probably could have snagged about 90% of this code from various projects ... too bad I didn't put it together like you did. Ah well ... internet fame points to you I guess. I claim I was born in 1910 on Facebook without any issues. I backdated my age and then started posting pictures changing the dates to the 1910s and 1920s (of things like me in period clothing standing next to older buildings during the filming of an older film; with cars from the era parked out in front, a fruit vendor on the side of the street, etc.) This is because Facebook doesn't allow you to backdate prior to your birth - they really don't understand personas at all. If I want to post a picture of me buying a WW2 era newspaper from a paperboy and claim it was taken in 1941 then why can't I? It's high quality content that people enjoy (compared to someone posting a picture of say, a hamburger) - isn't that what's going to make people continue to have FB Time and not have tumblr Time - the quality of the content? Youtube also has problems with this - I don't want my name, I want an invented thematic identity; a character with its own soul. Thank you. I'm sorry but I am too getting better. It's just that getting better is a draining, exhausting, humbling, confusing, difficult, pain in the ass process where your effectiveness goes to 0 for a while as you do something new. I think the reality is that people avoid getting better because the process to truly make such strides is a horrible experience. For instance; after 12 years of vim I'm trying emacs ... intensively; and it's overwhelming. I want to do things in vim but I'm forcing myself to learn the other side of the fence. And you know what? It has been truly invaluable. Next time you get an idea tell yourself: "I'm going to write this in (pick a random language, like prolog, or ocaml that you don't know)." And stick to it until it's done. Pretend like you've never used anything else and must learn all of it over again. Then try something else you aren't good at. Spend many hours a day at it. Ask yourself "If I was 15 ... how would I approach this?" or "If I was much smarter than me, how would I approach this?". Both systems help you unshackle yourself from your comfort zone and the latter helps you try to get a better handle on things you haven't yet. Dedicating yourself to the learning process towards mastery outside the institutions of learning takes real dedication and is a pain. But I certainly write a better parser and lexer than I did out of college. I certainly write better functional and object oriented code. I certainly organize my time better. Across the board, I run circles around my 23 year old self because I continue to endure the unnecessary pains of intellectual growth. And one day, I'll finally sit down and figure out how to write a mobile app. It's up next. I've had a bunch of failed starts, but my next idea will run on my phone; whether it belongs there or not. Not because "I can" but because I've told myself that "I will". An aside question; what's the deal with "pathogen"? I've been using the "/bin/cp" command for years installing vim plugins and it's worked remarkably well; requiring just about 1 invocation on average... What problem does that thing solve? Why can't you also keep your .vim in git too then? It seems to work well for me. see: https://github.com/kristopolous/vimbuild It's what I call the Karp/Poole identity ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/kashmirhill/2011/10/20/chris-poo... ) versus the "Zuck" identity (tied to legal name): > “What’s at stake is the ability to be creative and expressive on the Internet,” says Poole. “I especially worry about young people. Part of growing up is finding who you are, what you’re passionate about, what you’re interested in, and being an idiot, making mistakes. And now that we have a persistent, consolidated identity online — look at Timeline, that’s what it is — I fear that we’ve lost the ability for the youth to explore themselves and make these youthful indiscretions.” Even when Karp is asked about FB ( http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2012-11/06/david-karp-on... ) the one thing he mentions is it's tying to the Zuck identity: > Consider the undertaking of taking the internet [in which] anonymity was so inherent… and Facebook [bringing] some sense of true identity to the internet and to the world -- what an impossible undertaking that they did an incredible job with, and still do. The real battle here is between person and persona. I shall place all my chips in the second basket. And he's also part of the Long Now Foundation and did volunteer coding for MediaWiki (Don't know the guy, just googled around). No need to be mean to a nice guy. :-\ just like they did with the iP[ao]d. I remember that too. Although I'm just a lowly programmer I feel that a swift and dramatic price crash is in the cards right now. And then; then I shall buy. the real surprise is that it appears to be the only doodle for the day. In other countries that celebrate easter, there's no doodle at all. For instance, the uk: http://www.google.co.uk/ france: http://www.google.fr/ italy: http://www.google.it/ russia: http://www.google.ru/ spain: http://www.google.es/ mexico: http://www.google.com.mx/ argentina: http://www.google.com.ar/ new zealand: http://www.google.com.ar/ canada: http://www.google.ca/ The libretto was a fine machine! I'd certainly be interested in a modern-hardware version of it with the same sturdy, rugged design. (Here's a size comparison from wikipedia: http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3f/EEEPC901_... and here is one more: http://rubenerd.com/uploads/photo.libretto.jpg ) There is a group of highly dissatisfied users (like me) who have found that current solutions are really inadequate. You'll have to trust me on this. Using suggestion models based on curated reputable crowdsourcing as opposed to simply volume of popularity is a way around this. Here's a contrived example; say I'm looking for something that goes well with say, Lonnie Smiths' 1980 "In the Park" ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBPSf-VoDZk ) and say, Jon Lucien's Listen Love ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Bm7c0z_0ws ) and let's toss Fela Anikulapo Kutis' Witchcraft in there ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31cGWpe8_L0 ). There is no software in the world that can curate music like that based on predictive modeling that I've seen. I've been trying to make one for years that can span decades, nations, and genres like that. I've found that if I aggregate a selective circle of people than I can get there. But that's the only way I've found so far. Ok, USE CASE 2. What's Justin Bieber or Keith Richards currently listening to? What about a talent scout at BMI? What if you could follow and tap into those people's personal playlists like twitter allows you to tap into what's on their plates for dinner and other personal things? And I mean right now. Shania Twain hits play and it sends that to the server. Thousands of users world-wide tapping into her personal radio station immediately get a non-time-shifted instant feedback. I think it would be compelling and addictive. It's the classic celeb allure that's been twitter's mainstream pot of gold. This is because people wanted to make English more Latin-like in the 1700s. So Latin rules were applied to the non-Latin English language: i.e., not splitting infinitives and not ending sentences with prepositions. However, applying these rules changes meaning and tone. English doesn't have special grammatical structures (e.g., Thai) or verb conjugations (e.g., Spanish) to discern levels of formality or tone; so we must encode them in the dynamics of the word choice and standard grammar. Being able to form sentences in such structures is one of the primary ways in which we do this. Double negatives are another example. In the 1700s people wanted Formal Logic rules to be in English and decided that a double negative was invalid. However, the double negative places a meaning in the sentence that is intended by the speaker, and comprehended by the audience. That meaning is fundamentally different from the single negative form. Observing such restrictions create artificial barriers to communication and unnecessarily hinders the depth and character of expression. Reminds me of Youtube. On-demand video was the "flying car" of Silicon Valley before them. And what about Skype? The notion of a usable video-phone was pure fantasy for years prior to them. And now, Tesla is doing this again. I can walk into my grocery store, use their smart-phone app to get discounts on things I want to buy and then wave my phone at the self-checkout station to pay for it all. What a nice future. Reminds me of these commercials: http://ThisWillTake.Me/youtube/ATT_You_Will . They seem so quaint now. I wasn't being combative. Just adding to your examples. There's countless things that people tried for decades and nobody succeeded in that are now ubiquitous. It's easy to justify being dismissive of people trying things that have yet to succeed by this argument. But it's also, clearly not valid. For instance, with the rise of cloud storage and web-applications, we are doing, essentially, thin client computing now - something that people said would never come. Self-driving cars were another constant future-device (e.g., http://ThisWillTake.Me/youtube/Johnny_cab_clips_from_total_r... ). And now it looks like we'll get them by the end of the decade. That's pretty impressive. interesting. I just wrote that earlier that day. I was trying it for the first time in that comment. Failure already! That was fast. have the source posted anywhere? Why should MY tax dollars be used to enforce YOUR copyright? If you want to protect it, go hire your own police and build your own courts; stop using mine. I know this isn't a very HN thing to do, but ... relevant: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIN4tC5Zwx0 what would this look like? Any ideas? Good article, but all of the GIF formats are certainly newer than CDs. Even LZW is newer. CDs have been around widely since 1982 while GIF 87a & 89a came out in ... Well you can guess that. And the thing it's famous for, the "Netscape looping extension" (NAB) ... that's from 1995 (Netscape Navigator 2.0b4). Yes, there was a time when IE would only play a GIF once and Netscape would loop it. There is a profoundly large number of people that prefer the CLI in every way shape or form for 99% of their computing needs. They are the most absurdly productive and effective computer users I know and the most highly competent. They can deal with thing abstractly and don't need to spatially visualize every type of manipulation on the screen. The CLI allows you to create tiny on the fly programs, slicing and dicing small tools to do really useful things. There is absolutely no way to do it quite as fast if you have to artistically draw the connections with a pointing device in a GUI. But, couldn't I just coerce any data to be an image and then just use it as a general store? Certainly. I imagine flickrstore.py in my near future - it'd be like megaupload (was) without the nagware. I believe it's primarily because story submissions don't have down arrows? At least not at my karma level. Here's what I see @ karma 579: http://i.imgur.com/eKkzXgL.png ... perhaps I get down arrows for submissions at a certain threshold? I don't know. Edit: The answer is "there are none". from http://ycombinator.com/newsfaq.html : "Why don't I see down arrows? There are no down arrows on submissions. They only appear on comments after users reach a certain karma threshold." So I guess a collusion of puppet accounts in some script that automates upvoting can be used to game the system pretty easily without the story falling from grace for a while - as there exists no mechanism for the community to do so . oh I indeed have the flag link. I thought that was only to be used in dire circumstances - like people posting a large stash of say, credit card information or child pornography - not for a story which I thought had bad science (such as this) Why would you submit false data? you need some more supportive friends. Hit me up; I love innovative things like this by passionate people. I even like to work on them in my spare time, collaboratively (remotely of course). Contact info is on the profile page. at the same time, though, I read every word and was captivated until the end. This has been thoroughly covered in the NYT, on BBC, and NPR weeks ago. Is this news to anyone still? I'm pretty convinced that design is trending towards the web circa 1995 with custom fonts, larger hit-points, better white-space control, and a more attractive color palette. it's part of that narrative editorial style that turns 1 paragraph of content to 7 pages of sprawl. there's a lot of to-scale installations. May even be one in Your Fair City or Town: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_System_model or if not, try the web: http://www.scalesolarsystem.66ghz.com/ The only thing I do on the phone now is yell into it "fuck communism" and hang up. I threaten a bomb. jk. The call is yours to make. No. I may respond with "lol". That's it. Have you ever been to 4chan? Just scroll through: http://boards.4chan.org/b/ ... things like this can be considered the norm depending on what sites you go to. The first-world people with access to world class health care that contracted it in urban environments were gay. Origins however, are a bit more murky. Most of the worlds population don't have the financial resources or the proximity to say, the UCSF medical hospital, where such specialty physicians would be to study such a thing. There's been quite a bit of discussion of how it got to Christopher Street in New York. My pet theory is that the international drug trade had quite a bit to do with it, but I'm just a computer programmer The number of people, globally, using the internet, is still on that same near exponential growth curve that the first world nations were seeing in the late 90s. It really hasn't subsided; only gone to lower income brackets. Heck, half of the US didn't have reliable access to the web until I think 2002? And these late adopters, they are both non-english speakers and non-technical people. Additionally, the early adopters, let's take my parents, who had Prodigy in about 1990, are now using the web more for things like shopping and content consumption, then they did in 1998. If they wanted to watch the latest TV show, they can do that now online, AND they know this. Compare that to 2004. That will be reflected in the search terms. Also, there are internet phenomenons that are at the order of that which we have not seen. Psy's videos on youtube for instance; 1 ba-ba-billion+? That's insane. So yeah, Linux is left in the dust. Also, it's much easier than it used to be - take that from someone who's been using it since 1996 (?) I need to do a write-up some time soon of how good we have it now - for my own memory. Do you know how your refrigerator works? automobile? What about the mechanization of the lock on your front door? could you construct a radio from base components? Alas, no. I think we will have a generation of computer programmers just as likely as we would have a future one of plumbers, electricians, home-builders, or even exercise and health specialists. I think it may be the opposite. Yes, fewer programmers by 2050 than today. I've seen things like this before. I call them KafCos. Generally, any organization that has an arbitrary structure that is used to assign roles to individuals in a way that statistically aligns with a usual hierarchy, using some quantifiable metric that makes one group smaller than another. There's this self-destructive modality that organizations can enter into where politics matter more than product and people worry about their own resume and ego more than functioning as a team to do something greater than the sum of the parts. If you take any pride in your craft, that's the ultimate red flag to run like hell. It's a form of art. A bunch of people doing harmless consensual acts digging that deeply into your psyche actually makes it very strong and effective art. Classifying something as porn or obscene is a personal decision that each individual makes. Oh I totally will. Back in the PPro days I called the project to get the workstations cointelpro - and I was just a snippy highschool kid then. I'm totally going to do this. This page fails to load phenomenally in a number of browsers (might be because the disqus comments are baked into the page load), here's the copy: The major hollywood movie studios have filed a motion for contempt against the popular torrent site isoHunt, arguing that a court-ordered piracy filter is not working properly. The MPAA informs the court that isoHunt has “deliberately engineered the filter to ensure that it is ineffective” and wants the site to turn over its source code to prove their claims. In addition, the MPAA wants millions of dollars in compensation for the damages the studios have suffered through the isoHunt site. isohuntAlmost three years ago the U.S. District Court of California ordered BitTorrent search engine isoHunt to start filtering its search results. The injunction was the result of isoHunt’s protracted court battle with the MPAA that began back in 2006. The Court ordered the owner of isoHunt to censor the site’s search engine based on a list of thousands of keywords provided by the MPAA, or cease its operations entirely in the U.S. isoHunt implemented the filter for U.S. visitors which allowed it to remain online, but at the same time owner Gary Fung took his case to the Court of Appeals. Through the appeal, isoHunt hoped to reverse the permanent injunction, but this didn’t come to pass. With the appeal concluded the movie studios are now asking for a summary judgment, hoping that the court awards them compensation for the many pirated movies that were downloaded via the isoHunt site. In addition, the MPAA has filed a motion for contempt claiming that the current keyword filter on the isoHunt Lite site is not doing its job. “The Isohunt Lite filtering problems are too serious and consistent to be mere matters of innocent ‘mistake’ or unavoidable filtering ‘leakage’ as Defendants have variously claimed,” the MPAA tells the court, suggesting that isoHunt is making these mistakes intentionally to keep up its profits. “The record to date supports the inference that Defendants have deliberately engineered the filter to ensure that it is ineffective in preventing access to Plaintiffs’ copyrighted works. As the Court found, because Defendants profit from infringement, they have a powerful economic incentive to continue providing users with access to Plaintiffs’ popular movies and television programs.” Backed up by screenshots, the MPAA cites several examples of popular movies whose titles are on the ban list, but are still available thought the site. “One work on Plaintiffs’ title list is the popular film ‘Zero Dark Thirty’ for which Plaintiffs provided Defendants the movie title, release date and media type. Yet, the movie is available to any Isohunt Lite user who looks for it. Typing the term ‘Zero Dark Thirty’ into Isohunt Lite’s search box returns innumerable dot torrent files for the movie.” MPAA’s screenshot of isoHunt zerodark The movie studios argue that nearly all movies are still accessible through the site, which would mean that isoHunt is not in compliance with the injunction. While isoHunt has claimed that these are mere mistakes, the MPAA believes that it supports their motion for contempt. “These are not isolated instances. Virtually every movie Plaintiffs looked for using Isohunt Lite returned innumerable dot torrent files for Plaintiffs’ copyrighted works. Defendants’ so-called filter does not even appear to block access to dot torrent files that match a movie’s exact title,” MPAA writes. “Facially, such a filter is wholly ineffective and cannot be the basis of compliance with an injunction that enjoins Defendants from ‘hosting, indexing, linking to, or otherwise providing access to any Dot-torrent or similar files that correspond, point or lead to any of the Copyrighted Works.’” The MPAA asks the court to order isoHunt to hand over all filter-related source code and databases, so the movie studios can show that the filtering failures are not “innocent mistakes” or “mere unavoidable leakage.” TorrentFreak asked isoHunt owner Gary Fung for a comment on the allegations put forward by the MPAA, but he chose not to respond at this time. It is clear that the MPAA is not letting the isoHunt case rest just yet. In addition to the motion for contempt there is also a motion for summary judgment pending. The movie studios are currently in the process of calculating the damages they have suffered as a result of isoHunt’s operations, which is expected to be in the millions. The MPAA previously won a $110 million judgment against the TorrentSpy site, and it’s expected the damages claimed against isoHunt will be in the same range, or perhaps even higher. I like how the unit of size was football pitch. I guess around the world it's assumed that the reader has intimate familiarity with lining up sporting fields but can't handle things like a metric system. Metric system quite intimately. I measure all my travels, all lengths of anything meaningful, just about everything with these units. I know how long it would take me to bike, walk or drive that. I know how much that would cost me in server farm, apartment, and retail space. My exposure to a magnitude (or a collection of) meters far exceeds my exposure to a large area reserved for multiple say, soccer fields, or any intuition on really how large they are. To be honest, whenever I hear something like "17 football fields" I go look up the distance of a football field to try to understand what the heck they are talking about. They might as well have phrased it as the distance a snail travels in the time it takes for a tea-candle to burn. I use metric and imperial units every day. I intuitively and immediately know what 330 meters is in almost any context. I'm knowingly paying an organization to openly wage cyber warfare and espionage operations on me? Splendid. At least we may get a few good HPC and IR publications out of it. Actually, it will probably be outsourced to contractors who will squander it away without producing anything. Unless, that is, the next 9/11 gets planned using twitter hashtags. Actually, since the Sandy Hook shooter openly talked about his plans on 4chan, I'm guessing that even a twitter campaign would still "pass under the radar". I bet the only real consequence is that someone will lose a laptop with like, everybody's social security number and financial history on it. It's going to be so awesome. ok fine. Gabriel Giffords shooter posted pictures and details on his MySpace profile prior to the assassination attempt. And for people like Colleen LaRose or the Underwear bomber, just a web browser and plain-old internet led to the apprehension. With Michael Reynolds, traditional "law enforcement officers posing as honeypots" style did the trick. These classical methods seem to be working quite alright. What is the use-case here? Some dastardly secret terrorist conspiracy where they collaboratively make detailed plans, over the internet, in clear text, like this: ----- From: evilbomber@yahoo.com Subject: Re: RE: re: re: Re: Secret plans To: confidant@not-the-fbi.com CC: coconspirator@gmail.com, evildoer2213@excite.com, bombmaker@msn.com Attachments: annotated-map.pdf ---- Hey all, After reviewing the bombing plans of the terrorist attack next Tuesday, set for Washington DC, when the Secretary of State, Jon Carey, is set to arrive by motorcade at 4:15 PM, I've decided that our assassination attempt (where we plan to Kill Jon Carey) would be best suited for a different intersection. As you can see here, there is a better place to bomb the motorcade. Also, I've gotten all the parts for the IED. This includes the incendiary, a timer, and all the wiring necessary. I carefully asked a bunch of questions on various open forums and posted pictures to confirm I made everything right. I also disclosed my intended use of the bombs along with my radical political leanings. Anyway, Down with the USA, and I hope to meet all of you to make this death of a US diplomat a reality, next Tuesday, at 4:15 PM. Patiently Awaiting Martyrdom, evilbomber. P.S.: What's encryption? Alright, swapped out. Alright I was mistaken, apologies. Reviewing the wikipedia page, it looks like a large number of people raised red flags on the guy. I guess my overall concern is that I fail to see how this exotic spying tool will address such human failing. I'm just amazed that someone would go through all the effort to plan an attack of terror and not do a single web search to see if their inventive cryptography system has any notable issues. I think people can do their own crypto as long as they are exceptionally prudent in doing their own homework.[1] He clearly wasn't. el oh el. ---- [1] The authors of RSA and AES aren't demigods that descended from mount Olympus; they are people that did their own crypto, but with the right amount of focus and caution. It's clearly possible for a competent person to invent their own. Just like someone could invent their own operating system or programming language. It's just rarely appropriate to do so for a single task. reminds me of the js1k/2010 #2 winner: http://js1k.com/2010-first/demo/750 This one is playable. It would be like "Before we allow you in our restaurant or show you a menu, you must give us a positive review on yelp." I really want to crack an eliza joke here, but I'm just not clever enough. I'm guessing it's the "oversold" portion. There's probably quite a few "idea people" out there that are paying the monthly fee for their facetubebay[1] idea and are just looking for the right technical team to work for the equity. Really. I bet most people that are buying a perl site are actually doing things with it and the vast majority of people that paid for the PHP site either have a static splash page or no page at all and just don't bother calling up and canceling the $2.00/month fee for that idea they had in 2009. There's 188 million active domains. 188 million. http://news.netcraft.com/archives/2013/07/02/july-2013-web-s... ... if took any skill to buy a domain and pay $2.00 a month for hosting, godaddy would have been out of business a long time ago. [1] I like that facetubebay.com is actually registered - and by the owner of a restaurant chain ( http://www.linkedin.com/pub/richard-makinadjian/6/b26/477 ), how fitting. That sounds horribly painful. I hope you are doing ok. It's intensely slow too. I just fed it top 10 female names of the 70s and 80s and it got about 30%. It's wrong, slow, and broken. Not a good start. I'm unique again every time I've come here (probably 12 times over 3 years). I've never been not unique. I don't think that's very trackable if I appear to always be a new person every time. It's not for me, however: The biggest hurdle is that I don't think their target demographic for the product is savvy enough to install it without being hand-led. I also think it's a mistake to not have a news stream button that shows news and content that this demographic would find captivating. If the person doesn't have a yahoo mail account (or it appears to not be used), clicking the purple envelope should open outlook or whatever the users' default client is. The envelope should also have some kind of "new mail" notification. Also I want to know what the toolbar does inside of companies that block access to facebook. And lastly, I think the hardest thing is that google appears to serve this demographic better. If I go to google.com and type in novice queries like "directions to the post office" or "movies playing tonight" or "where can I buy stamps" I get arguably far friendlier results than I do with yahoo. Until Yahoo addresses this, it's not going to work. http://symposium.100yss.org/ is the actual info and registration. If you've been programming for a while, modifying software isn't as scary and intimidating as you'd think. For exmple, I had wpa_supplicant always crap out at a few coffee shops here in LA. It tried to associate but didn't wait long enough. I ran it with the "-v" option and saw a line that said something like: "Waiting 5 seconds". I downloaded the source code and searched for that message: grep -r Waiting * | grep second I got 5 results or so. I opened up the code and I saw a line like this, right above the debug message. timeout = 5000; I added a 0 (making it 50 seconds) and saved the file. I ran ./configure && make and killed /usr/bin/wpa_supplicant, then used my copy and like magic, it started working. Go me! I think any average non-wizard programmer could have probably done the same. I didn't have to know all any big-picture detail of wpa_supplicant's design nor did I have to know the 802.11[anything] protocol. No need to do packet dissection or anything like that. I looked at the screen, I grepped for where the problem was and I added a 0. Fixed. It took all of 20 minutes or so. A lot less time then the productivity I had already lost by putting up with the issue in the first place. [1] Those kinds of experiences are the kind that make me stick with linux. I have an identical problem with the same networks on my s3. I'm guessing it's because of the same thing. But my stock install of the developer-unfriendly OS has made the barrier to doing the same process much much higher. I had a different, but also easily solvable problem on a MBP once in 2012. I tried the same process. But the man pages were half a page long and dated 10 years ago. The developer documentation was non-existent, the source code was inaccessible, and everyone that was experiencing the problem were unsophisticated users who recommended things like "going to the mac store". Basically, I was stuck with the problem. I would have had to have been in my top form hacking zone to even find out what and where to mod; and then I'd have to write assembly to fix it; using tricks to maintain byte alignment, function pointers, all that noise. After a few experiences like that I realized the machine in my hands was a sophisticated consumer appliance. That's nice. But what I really wanted was a "feasibly reprogrammable" computer. --- [1] Here's another example: I had an idea for a way to switch application windows where you type in string matches of the window names, all these weird UI ideas... The problem was I couldn't program in X - I had no idea how to do that. Good thing is that I didn't need to. Because of the openness of the system, I was able to execute my idea with a perl script; calling programs to move around and manipulate windows. The existing tools gave me enough control, power, and information, in order to execute this sophisticated idea; and all without having to learn xlib (which I intend to do one day). It's become part of my must-have list for my long-term environments. Here's the link https://github.com/kristopolous/alttab . I still don't know exactly how to create an x window. I'm convinced that although initially daunting, the "here's the blueprints" philosophy of linux actually makes sophisticated ideas simpler to execute, however counter-intuitive that sounds. It's MAX_PATH in Windows (== 260. There's a 32K Unicode-equivalent limit[1]). In Linux it's PATH_MAX, which is (very likely) 4096. That's a bigger number than 260, sure; but it's still a discrete one; instead of, say, ∞. --- [1] 'To specify an extended-length path, use the "\\?\" prefix. For example, "\\?\D:\very long path".' http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/aa36... Doc: Don't you see? The bridge will exist in 1985. It's safe and still in use. Therefore, as long as we get the DeLorean up to 88 miles per hour before we hit the edge of the ravine, we'll instantaneously arrive at a point in time where the bridge is completed. We'll have track under us and coast safely across the ravine! I do 20 hours a week, at most. The "work what you like" in the hands of someone who sincerely thinks "fuck work" actually seems to work as intended. I'm not a Japanese citizen or know the language but I'm under the impression that Nintendo is more like a Hasbro or Milton-Bradley; having been around since about 1905 or so. These companies don't seem to go away. They have brands that continue to sell to the next generation of children. Every now and then they become immensely popular and have some runaway freight train successes. But even in the bad times, they seem to stick with it. There are some game companies that seem to do the startup gamble. The company that produced Teddy Ruxpin (Worlds of Wonder) and Atari seem to have been structured this way; put all the chips on black and see what happens. But I'm under the assumption that as an American what I see are the electronics of Nintendo and that within the confines of Japan they have other product lines such as boardgames and toys for children (things like this: http://d3gqasl9vmjfd8.cloudfront.net/aba95bdd-6979-4b92-b7fe... ) - as that is their history. Am I wrong, or is this fundamentally what Nintendo is? Can't carry it on my shoulder, can't put it on my car's bike rack and how would I secure it? U-lock the front part of the frame? It also doesn't appear to have turn signals or a place for license plates. I'm guessing this isn't meant to be used in the US, or in California at least, where both would be required. (see http://www.dmv.ca.gov/pubs/vctop/d03/vc5030.htm and http://www.chp.ca.gov/html/motors.html ) A nice toy I guess, but it's not a good candidate for replacing my retrospec or my electric scooter. BTW, maximum speed for this type of vehicle in California is 30 mph so you'd need to ship it with a governor. ( http://www.dmv.ca.gov/pubs/vctop/d01/vc406.htm ) Also, 108 pounds? That's not a good weight for a bicycle at all - but still a great one for a theif to toss it in the back of a truck. I'm sure if you unscrew that fancy biometric id all you'd have to do is give some pin +5V to turn it on. No wireless, less space than the Nomad ... I mean ... ahem, it's very pretty. I hope it does well. I have no idea how this solves the fundamental push/pull networking problem. Is a network connection kept open? Is there an assumption that the user has some port open that can be contacted? I see that you somehow reduced your calls, but I don't see how. Please tell me in actual socket level networking terms how this is done; who establishes a connection to what, for what, and for how long? Also how do you deal with disconnects, timeouts, and missed realtime data. Service works. It's pretty nice. Here's some suggestions: * The tag doesn't get the subject line. * I want a readable url. I would assume that my test url p34t3aaa44n could be a bit simpler. After all, the whole of YouTube is 11 characters. Something like /p34t3a/Title would be awesome. In base64 with 6 digit ids you still have a namespace of 68.7 billion posts. * There should be special markup just for your site. Here's an idea, something like: [theme:moonlight] Look at the nice darkness. * I don't use signatures but many do. This will be a hassle for them. * And finally, choose a different name. As an American at least, "Urgeous" sounds awful. Something more in-tune to what the site is would be great. I spent about 10 seconds doing some whois queries; emailpos.com is closer to what I'd be expecting - and it's available. Smash two words together, drop a vowel; all the cool kids are doing it. As did I. I've built these systems (socket-like systems that work efficiently across browser in diverse environments). And if you think you can just get that right the first time, then either you have the hacking skills of which I have never seen or you are (more likely) wrong. But this thing here they are talking about is something I've been doing for a long time. I didn't think about making a brochure site for it though. Just follow the principle of making the parts as dumb as possible. They should be the stupidest simplest things ever. Sometimes you can't get to this model on the first try, and that's ok. But the closer you get to it, the better the product becomes. I swear this is true and part of the soul of the machine's ghost. If you can't make things laterally connect this way, then make them vertically stack this way and then laterally connect this way. But don't obfuscate the objective. I've magically kept http://80smtv.com alive for 18 months now. I would have sworn it wouldn't last this long without some lawyer taking interest. I think the reason is that I kept it a hobby and never tried to make a business out of it. Just make it a money pit and you are (probably) fine. At the end of the day, I'd rather have it exist then be a meal ticket. PS: If you want the source, I give that away too: https://github.com/kristopolous/emptyv It's a hobby to me. some people do role playing games. some do basketball. I do recreational programming. I also did this project to answer a number of questions about user engagement and interactivity. The biggest is that I wanted a total anarchy - as per the technical definition. Anyone can add, delist, skip, enqueue a song - at any time. You can cut into someone's video without anyone's permission. I didn't find answers exactly. But I know more now then I did. Plus really, will I stop watching music videos on youtube? I don't think so. A platform that plays them more seamlessly than youtubes? I'll use that for sure. I subvert video ads and I dunno ... it just feels very "illegallish" in jest or in seriousness? if in seriousness, would you mind elaborating? Forgot Engelbart in mother of all demos (1968)?? ok then: "A paintbrush in hand doesn't make you Monet" rtorrent is great too. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RTorrent I put it in a screen session and detach and log out ... Or, with a more historical lens, lots of history has been learned by pouring over intimate private personal correspondences of historical figures - most of whom I would imagine would feel quite perturbed to see their love letters on display in museums. Should historians not read private letters sent long ago? Should they swear to some oath and take a moral stand that such things shouldn't be examined? If the answer is "No, they should read them.", then in that same way, then why, for historical record, should we observe robots.txt? Isn't it the same thing? Probably not. I don't think there is an inarguable answer to my rhetorical question. People's intents and wishes do matter. But there also is an idea from antiquity about the public good and the commons. I guess at some point my personal wishes get trumped by this overarching principle. The whole point of the question was that someone would say "You may not read my love letters" and then society said "Too bad, we're doing it anyway. And reprinting it in highschool text books." Is that ok? I don't think there's a clear line and I do think there are probably moral boundaries. I'm by no means Lawrence Lessig and this type of discourse I'm really not experienced at. I do think there are many important questions here that we may need to rethink our thoughts on. Linear A at least has many artifacts. In Unicode 5.1, a script with a single artifact had the character set from its short inscription included: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phaistos_Disc#Unicode Perhaps your font supports it: 𐇑𐇛𐇜𐇐𐇡𐇽 | 𐇧𐇷𐇛 | 𐇬𐇼𐇖𐇽 | 𐇬𐇬𐇱 | 𐇑𐇛𐇓𐇷𐇰 | 𐇪𐇼𐇖𐇛 | 𐇪𐇻𐇗 | 𐇑𐇛𐇕𐇡[.] | 𐇮𐇩𐇲 | 𐇑𐇛𐇸𐇢𐇲 | 𐇐𐇸𐇷𐇖 | 𐇑𐇛𐇯𐇦𐇵𐇽 | 𐇶𐇚 | 𐇑𐇪𐇨𐇙𐇦𐇡 | 𐇫𐇐𐇽 | 𐇑𐇛𐇮𐇩𐇽 | 𐇑𐇛𐇪𐇪𐇲𐇴𐇤 | 𐇰𐇦 | 𐇑𐇛𐇮𐇩𐇽 | 𐇑𐇪𐇨𐇙𐇦𐇡 | 𐇫𐇐𐇽 | 𐇑𐇛𐇮𐇩𐇽 | 𐇑𐇛𐇪𐇝𐇯𐇡𐇪 | 𐇕𐇡𐇠𐇢 | 𐇮𐇩𐇛 | 𐇑𐇛𐇜𐇐 | 𐇦𐇢𐇲𐇽 | 𐇙𐇒𐇵 | 𐇑𐇛𐇪𐇪𐇲𐇴𐇤 | 𐇜𐇐 | 𐇙𐇒𐇵 | The real solution is a distributed hosting and traditional interfacing system. Like YaCy but genetic. People participate in it like in SETI@Home, Tor, or the mersenne prime number search. "Site" code gets deployed in a git/bittorrent mashup with a web-of-trust system of signed certificates. Code can be federated and distributed and not rely on a single point, ie github. People access it by running their own modified DNS server that gets updated with the serving "exit nodes". (Part of the hypothetical client) It is essentially Tor but no crazy onion URLs, direct connections, and divestment at the back end. The user downloads the client, runs it and that's it. Pick some TLD that sounds safe for the taking, like .!com and we're good to go. There's even a trendy new currency that makes ecommerce viable using this system. ;). It's all there. I've implemented bits and pieces over the years. But never gotten the full model working. Everything from domain registration to fair load balancing all have hard, but feasible solutions. And what do you get for it? The same freedom that bittorrent and bitcoin give you, but for everything. You get it all. Yes. There's lots of examples of this... Just none doing all the parts I'm thinking of http://www.theonion.com/articles/ah-to-be-young-rich-white-m... Is this in fiction or fact? If fact, can you provide some reference? I lost hundreds of them due to a disk crash a couple years ago (they were worth I think $0.06 then). I think that's the biggest downfall of the currency. As time progresses, more and more coins will be "lost" and the replacement rate will slow to, well, 0. It will become as much a currency then, as rare baseball cards or antique physical coins. I found a 68K SGI Iris 2400 machine up and running in college in about 2004. It had a sticker with the hostname on it. Later on that week, I went to the department homepage, got the staff roster and tried to guess the usernames. I telnetted to port 25 and tried RCPT TO hypothesized names, like so $ telnet host 25 MAIL FROM: a@a.com 250 Sender OK RCPT TO: afranks 550 Recipient not found RCPT TO: arty.franks 250 Recipient OK ... With this list of usernames I logged into the FTP to try to guess trivial passwords: $ telnet host 21 USER arty.franks User OK PASS 1234 Login failed PASS password ... Eventually I got a valid username/password combo. Now I can just telnet and log in. I got a line like this: Last login April 12, 1992. $ It had this ancient version of IRIX on it, a hard drive under 100 MB, no X, a version of egcs, some ancient version of perl, no bash, and I think 12MB of RAM? It was fun, but I didn't know what I wanted to do with it. We executed this attack from the school library. Putz'd around a bit, in amazement of how old it was, and that it was still online, and then logged out - never to return. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EEY87HAHzk - a video of the machine Check out the forks of Links: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Links_(web_browser) ... There is a console and optional (to compile) graphics mode. The section on the graphics stack is an interesting read. It took me 7 tries before it found an edm group I asked it. LTJ Bukem and Dillinja don't make the cut. These services are clever, but I usually know all of their suggestions. :-( And yes, I'm trying to do better. I'd pitch in towards the $20 a year for the domain + vps. The "Dallas Area Rapid Transport" is the only counter-example I could find. I'll see if I can get around to helping you with that. Linux software is ok with copious debugging to the terminal and an ugly UI - it will fit in well. I consider SN to be an entity with one or more people behind it. I work far less than 40, make enough money to pay the bills, and wouldn't have it any other way - for now. tcl.tk? Reminds me of the "Think different" campaign when they tried to peddle off electronics by coopting public domain images of famous people --- making it look like that they would be consumers of overpriced shiny gadgets. Ghandi totally would have had an iPad air. Me too. But I'd rather have poor cell phone coverage than personally fund AT&T or Verizon. I've got no investment either way. My nginx log has 19,333,928 entries ... when I do grep -Ei '(bot|spider|crawl|aggregator)' on it I get 2,609,874. That means that bots who declare themselves make about 13.5% of requests to this site. The robots.txt has no restrictions. I don't know if that's helpful. it's just supposed to be a narrative setup for the content - trying to make the story more substantial. I agree that since the article was just about someone adapting to changing markets, it was kind of an unneeded setup --- but just gloss over it - it's like how in wired articles where they talk about the kind of coffee table and rug the person has. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rothschild_family#The_Napoleo... is my favorite example of this. brilliant at every move - like some chess grandmaster of business. Grey on grey is usually a bad usability move if you expect people to read your content. (For FF use nosquint: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/nosquint/ and Chrom* use high contrast: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/high-contrast/ ) I don't know about others, but there's really no chance I'd be physically able to read those words without things like this. My eyes blur and I feel a physical strain on them - like I'm trying to do some type of eyeball aerobics. I literally can't read more than about a sentence without having to look away a few moments and then return. I've gotten my eyes checked regularly for 20 years. Nothing medically troubling to report. I'm slightly color blind and wear glasses. I really want to read the content and the substance - but the modern low contrast design has made it difficult for me. Some particularly aggressive sites I print out to read on physical paper. I was able to easily read content for my first 18 or so years on the web until the trend started. wouldn't "discrepancy" be a more suitable term? It's a question, I really don't know. I wrote an identical thing 10 years ago. went nowhere. boohoo for me. I called it wtf - it was keyword driven. Things like wtf deep copy array in php or wtf add disk to a raid array people would add recipes with keyword laden titles and there was votes on them. You could also download the entire db and use it locally for quicker response time. Also, this was because we weren't living in an "internet is everywhere" age back then. I like to imagine Buffet personally knocking a key player's knees in if it appears that someone is getting too close to winning -- like some Adam West Batman villain. "Let me show you why the first three letters of my name spell 'War'." I've thought about the fluctuation thing. Say I was to misplace $1 ... I probably wouldn't notice. $100 would probably catch my eye, but is that only because my total wealth is a few orders of magnitude above that? The question is if I commanded say, $10 billion, could I just as carelessly misplace say, $10,000 as I currently can with $1. Here he is in the 60s ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REhg_bv7srM ), clearly his Bruce-Wayne-like cover identity. /s well, that's story deadlines for you. I think it would be better to find an existing user and execute the scheme - a registration date of "yesterday" and a post count of "1" probably wouldn't qualify you. It reminds me of the MSFT settlement in the early 2000's where you could get a (I think) $100 check from Redmond. It was somehow "transferable" and a few of my friends bought people's right to redeem the check by doing things like giving out gift certificates or handing out free ice cream. (IANAL so excuse me if I didn't use the proper lingo there) IIRC, I think they made in the tens of thousands. Unfortunately I'm not interested in working on this code for the sole purpose of posting comments on this website. I honestly don't have that kind of time. It's a fascinating idea. There is the Eternal September effect that can be combated by having a barrier to entry. Metafilter has $5 registration, stack-overflow has their own sauce. My friend who runs the VMS company prgmr.com requires someone to give them a public key to sign up. I generally think this is a good idea to keep the riff-raff out. (then again, I've done countless anonymous spelling, format, and grammar corrections on wikipedia - but some people say their convoluted markup is the barrier) The point here is, if I can get my eyes on the prize (the privilege to post), and if it doesn't look terribly valuable - then I have very little motive to hop on board. My core contention is that the barrier has actually been placed too high. $5, a public key, learning wiki markup, providing correct answers - these are all easy tasks of very little effort. Doing code comprehension and diving into a project - that's a fairly large commitment. Am I to be held responsible for the code? Will the people behind the project care if I continue to submit after I get the prize? I count the circle of people I listen to, respect, and care about (here, it would be the commenting accounts) as greatly outnumbering the circle I'd want to work on code with. I believe that presumes it's a traditional phonetic alphabet. I'm not a linguist by any measure, but the inventiveness I have seen in human languages gives me hope here. But let's assume this is an elaborate hoax by a masterful con-artist. Are you really claiming that someone spent so long crafting such a forgery, with nothing before or after - like some black dahlia of literature? you can find a number of shaky-cam amateur examples on youtube of them. I'm quite surprised that there isn't some googlable drawing of the thing in a textbook-quality form - you know, like http://outreach.atnf.csiro.au/education/senior/astrophysics/... this - but instead for sunstones. if you think that's old, you should check out the rock. Try ghostery. it's like adblock for share buttons. https://www.ghostery.com/ Try it out. it has a nice feature-set that is mostly on par with the other browsers. here's a glory screen shot I just took: http://i.imgur.com/NpzUWWB.png (I'm ok with people knowing my home directory path) In the mobile world they offer access to their compressing proxy built-in, similar to http://www.khelekore.org/rabbit/ so that you can save your OTA bits. I haven't found any other mobile browser that allows you to push your web connection through a proxy like that. It is the current version for Linux. I can't speak for platforms I don't use :-( Perhaps "bell and whistle" would be better? I was trying to illustrate many of the features. That's the current version for Linux. I can't speak for other OSes. Sorry. Exciting. I'll be sure to check that out! did you just come up with that? it's a pretty brilliant turn of the word. The code is here: https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/blob/master/m... I can't get it to do anything on my s3 or my nexus tablet. My very non-destructive implementation is here: http://9ol.es/ex.html - I'm editing it live btw. Ah ok. So then it looks like that over half of the android phones listed here for sale right now: http://www.frys.com/ads/page16#AdNavi would be susceptible to it. That's pretty bad. I see it as part of their charm - speaks to the homebrew, grassroots, piecemeal nature of them. Not too slick and not too polished. For instance, I feel that the artistic execution of the old NetBSD and FreeBSD logos really felt inline with my perception of the projects themselves. When they were replaced with thought-out carefully designed ones, in my mind, this abstract connection was lost. git did this recently too. I preferred the tree-eating monster and vertical logo - it had so much more character and soul than the current look does. I don't think it's about professionalism. It's about aligning the presentation with the reality. I believe such designs are appropriate and well-suited for all-volunteer, community-run projects and there should be no generalized push to change them. git may not have been the best example - but I did really like the monster. Why is google willfully sabotaging every great product they have all in the name of one terrible one that nobody wants? Up until about 2010 or so, they were absolutely legendary for their skillful execution of ideas - just the right interface, feature-set, and balance. Time and time again, everything they did they knocked out of the park. And then, something changed. Now they are changing what they did right by taking the dumbest moves over and over again - the ones that completely destroys their credibility and alienates their userbase. Is there a single user anywhere who wants this? I really don't get it. If google did a survey: "Are you happy with google voice or would you rather have it in our wacky skype knockoff that you use with our goofy facebook clone?" I'm trying to think of what it would look like if other companies decided to do a similar thing. It would be like if say, General Mills came out with a terrible wretched artificial sweetener and then decide to put it in every product they sell because well, it's their sweetener - of course they should completely dismantle all of their successful lines in the name of their incredibly unsuccessful one. Duh! I really hope that they find the John-Scully's who are internally making all these retarded decisions and stop doing what they say - or else they're well on their way to being a has-been. Yet another great company that somehow put a bunch of ivy-league fortune-500 trainwreck-types in charge and then trusted them until it was too late. In 1999 my friend called Google The next altavista. At this rate, he may be right. the 3d one I found to be the easiest: http://joppi.github.io/2048-3D/ but 4d is terribly hard: http://huonw.github.io/2048-4D/ edit: I did a 3d victory in the 18 minutes in editing the comment. You can generally just push higher numbers into a corner, and pick either the left or the right side to consistently fold to and you'll get it mostly without thinking. ignore the "3d" idea. Just look at the rules of the game and play by that. I'm sure some people can maintain clear mental models of higher order dimensions and seamlessly translate the grids on the screen in some hyperspace in the mind. But I, my friend, have no chance of that. The more I ignore that notion, the easier it becomes. (45 minutes later) all lies. I would think that a piece of software which intends to have a markedly different user-interaction with the computer would show, in concrete terms, what that interaction looks like - through the technology of photographics or videography. Especially when wanting $150 for it. I guess I ask too much. They still called it a "kiosk"? I think I respect them for not going down that pun road. Probably friends and family. Looks like people have been working at this for some time. People get excited they are releasing and share the link. 404'd He's on the team. hobby. I'm not trying to be a troll or argumentative, but personally I think it's all ugly and lifeless. Which is interesting because this article says that there's some biological link to people perceiving beauty. I think all math is some little tool and all code is also some other little tool - some of it hairy, some of it less hairy. But I consider none of it "beautiful". I think the entire notion is preposterous. I'm totally misanthropic to the whole notion. Does that make me strange? Relative to most, I've done a lot of math. I have an entire bookshelf dedicated to it, subscribed to journals for a number of years. I worked in cryptography for a while. The only things I ever think are "why is this presented in such a convoluted manner" or "Why is this so poorly written". The idea of "beautiful" is so remarkably far removed from the situation --- it would be as if people said they found it sexually arousing. To me, there is no possible connection. I'm not living a romantic loss-of-beauty through corrupting money narrative though. It was not beautiful when I was 5, 15, or 25. I found it a useful tool and that interested me, but aesthetics? no - never. Sorry to crash the party Really? for me it's either competently done with care and precision (call it 'quality') or some degree of not those 3 things. Maybe it's just a word usage. For me, "beautiful" are things like lush ornamental gardens or rolling green hills on an early spring day. A, say, 30-in-one screw driver, however, is not - regardless of how suitably manufactured it is. It's just a tool to me. For me I'd say "what remarkable durability this tool has - at such an affordable price. Look at how compact it is" definitely compliments, but nothing with an emotional attachment. Goes a bit beyond that, especially in the kablang navigation and sworfing but yes ... it definitely gets closer than the current one-way linking model of html. It started about 945 ... But I'm in the back of the room. :( I'll ask around when I get a chance. I thought it was a stream but it doesn't explicitly claim so. Live? Chapman guy is in front of me now and says it will be live later I see him two rows ahead but unless I'm missing something he didn't speak yet. It was the chancellor, Wendy Hall, and now Christine Borgman Woz is here too. It's pretty epic for a room of 45 people Someone got it working on a Mac. It will be available for a while. I'll ask around about getting it officially put on YouTube this was just out today. done by nicholas levin. nothing on the mailing list yet. If I don't see anything by Monday, I'll ask him. computer lib is now in reprint. http://hyperland.com/LibPage it's a different form factor: http://www.digibarn.com/history/grand-opening/images/amara-c... ... At small volume printing, you'll have to pay a good amount to get such a custom work done. And Ted's is an idealist ... he would never be ok with a PDF version of the work. Those letters are fighting words. Also in that shot you'll get a rare rare glimpse of Steve Inness without a hat! Why is it a for-profit operation with a 30% profit margin? Are they trying to become rich through people's charitable contributions? Why does every student as opposed to just every classroom need one (with multiple accounts supported)? And why is the base price $5? Flashing is $.32 ( http://www.usb2usb.com/pre-loaded-data-usb-flash-drive.htm ) on a $3.41 drive ( http://www.usb2usb.com/marketing_series_flash_drive_costs.ht... ) = $3.73* ... that's $1.27 less then $5. This doesn't sound like much until you are doing 150,000 of them. Now we have $190,500 that's not accounted for on top of the existing $300,000 deposited into their personal checking account. Someone can do this same project for 40% less (at $4 versus $7) and still walk away with $40k+ - a much more typical salary for a social worker. Or they could do a multiple-account, single device strategy and probably get away with an astonishing 98% drop in price. Of course, there's no money in that. ;-) * - We can't see the price for 7500+ from this vendor - but I think that a cost of about $3.55 is fair for the volumes the founders are talking about - and there's probably better offers if you call around - so maybe $3.45 is more realistic. It's certainly not $5.00. The flashing is $.32 per device ... it's accounted for above The software is Android, it's maintained by Google and already exists - as does the documentation. The distribution of the USB stick, as the article states, is through http://www.liveinslums.org/ . The duo also are explicitly not distributing the older hardware - although I guess they could be testing it. They surely have added some software to an existing Android ISO. Was that their personal investment? No. People gave them $40,000 to do that through indiegogo. The $90 donation point was a 200% markup from the base price (which I believe is 40% inflated) - They were paid a disclosed $28,000 (probably closer to $32,500) to make the product. That's 3 months on a handsome 6-figure salary to write essentially a few shell scripts. Now they have a for-profit android-based distro that They Are Selling to impoverished African children which was built through donations. They will pitch it as "We need your money to help the children" (and, ahem, our pocket books). Also, they want to sell a separate USB device for each child as opposed to 1 which supports multiple accounts for a single classroom (or more likely, single school). So they sell 80 to a school where 2 would do fine. Why? I'm guessing it has to do with the "for-profit" part. It's more profitable for them if each kid has to manually reboot the computer and switch the USB stick then it is to just switch accounts. How is this not just a clever scam? Functional sewage systems are probably a higher priority right now than giving every kid a USB stick. ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Water_supply_and_sanitation_in_... ) You do realize that the usage pattern will eventually be 1-stick-per-computer, right? And the computer-to-student ratio is many dozen to 1? That means 95% of these will be sitting around. 1 stick with 39 spares. I think net neutrality is one of those things that the average laymen has to be explained and doesn't intuitively understand what is in their own best interest. If Time Warner claims that net neutrality gives them slower more expensive internet, then they really don't have the expertise to conclude otherwise. And that's a problem. As a result, the polls which are conducted show that the public doesn't want net neutrality. see http://heartland.org/policy-documents/majority-public-oppose... and http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2006/09/7772/ I think that the big players need to plaster ads on things like the google homepage which try to explain the concepts in simple-simple terms and why having it doesn't mean "slower and pricier internet" and additionally, that any complaints they may have about expensive slow internet is nearly 100% due to too-little and not too-much regulation of the companies which they pay for this so-called service. I'm under the impression that introducing the Queen too early (say I don't know how much this is actually true though. That would also be a good thing to look over Can't you definitively say this about any smaller player compared to their larger counterparts in any market whatsoever? I think there must be something more than the inherent and apparent structural reality of big fish/little fish. note that it's just a chess "engine" and doesn't come with a human-usable front-end. But it's not hard to get the thing to use xboard in linux. This is what i use to invoke it: xboard -fUCI -fcp stockfish -sUCI -scp stockfish& it's very challenging - and in my experience, will unfortunately peg a core unless you explicitly pause the front end (the "P" button in between the two arrows in the upper right) Yes that way also works! But the xboard way allows me to modify the engine, get debug output, try various different weights for pieces, put two engines against each other to see how specific features affect game play... It helps me demystify such sophisticated software. I've only seen it faster than comparable methods. I'm trying to incur the smallest impact possible on existing scrapers and give a solution which could still be used to make validating HTML. The only other way I know to break the interpreter is if you force a bad character encoding of a different bit width. I have yet to get it working as reliably across the same wide range of browsers. As far as it disappearing; In order for that to happen one browser group will have to take the first step of intentionally breaking legacy webpages - it seems antithetical to the "render as much as possible" features arm-race nature of the browser world. Then again, I've been wrong plenty of times before. Wow is that ever clever! 1488 bytes for the minified js and 3773 for the "development" version --- I'll add that ... ok done. not if the document has an existing (and thus ). is rather final ... see here for a demo I just threw together: http://getpostdelete.com/plaintext.html The HTML interpreter packs up its bags and goes home - you can't "close" a tag if it's existing in a plain HTML page. However, you can still manipulate it through the DOM. 10 years?! Aw shucks! Count me out then. :-( Let me respond paragraph-by-paragraph: --- 1. Blocks incremental rendering? Indeed ... for people not TeeWEE, "incremental rendering" means say a 2MB HTML file will be partially rendered prior to the entire payload being transferred. That is no longer the case here. 100% true. As an aside, I'll think hard about how to overcome this. --- 2. The description of how it works? Correct. Very succinct. Good Job! --- 3. Significantly slow down a page? This depends on the page. If it's a small-footprint HTML page which leverages templating, then the base page will be quite small. If the design previously loaded unneeded dependencies which were only applicable to a subset of users, then this provides a very easy way out without requiring lots of technical knowledge - and probably a good speedup to boot. As far as actual tests, I've refactored a number of personal projects with this library, and the time to where the spinner stops (if I load the two versions side by side) isn't noticeable through my eyes. I can't honestly tell which one is which. --- 4. A "mis-use of JS"? It's certainly non-canonical - but I'd argue that many "standard" common practices got their start being just as heretical and then were later replaced by standardized ceremonial ways of doing things. Ok I'll bite ... I made a version that uses " " as the stanzas --- on a gist: https://gist.github.com/kristopolous/7d68c3c7cec5f9ac5bc3 Lines 35-37 are the change. Have fun. possible? yes. easy? hah. lol. There's some fundamental differences here which would require a bit of work. yes you should. this thing is amazing. hey, that hurt my feelings. :-( I'd really like to know what the legal framework is for securing a market position by law. I constantly hear the argument that by codifying contemporary business models they've secured jobs. Using this logic we should still have manually switched phone networks where people move around cables on giant boards all day long and rooms full of people using typewriters who have to start over again if they have a spelling error. There should be artificial $1 taxes for emails to keep the physical post in business and other nonsense. I really don't see how the argument is valid. I'm just surprised that there isn't some landmark labor case that would invalidate laws which artificially perpetuate inefficient vestigial processes or explicitly ban a market from evolving. Fairly unimportant question about the English but wouldn't "250x less" be -249, as in -(250x more)? If this is true, then, shouldn't the claim be "0.996x less"? Surely someone would say "99.6% less" and 99.6% = 0.996. 250x would then = 25,000%. 25,000% less isn't likely a valid value here. Am I missing something? I was thinking it would have been from English Common law - you know, from like the 14th century or so. I find the reasons presented for these types of laws to always be patently absurd when generally applied and it just seems like an obvious shoo-in that should have been there since like the hundred years war. In theory since it will be up for public ownership you could argue that some sense could be knocked into them. But for some reason, it never works that way. It's kind of a shame that being a publicly traded stock is Not correlated with a company cleaning up their act. Is it a closed biosphere? What's in it? looks like you could use my bootstra/386 theme: https://github.com/kristopolous/BOOTSTRA.386 Author here. I had no idea this was posted until I just rolled out of bed. Feel free to ask any questions here or hit me up on gchat/skype/aim/facebook/yahoo with the same username as here if that's more comfortable for you. There's also the standard issue tracker and mailing list. Thanks! The only thing I was able to figure out cross-browser, and it's already in there, was this: https://github.com/kristopolous/BOOTSTRA.386/blob/master/les... img { display: none; -webkit-filter: contrast(800%); -moz-filter: contrast(1000%); filter: contrast(1000%); -o-filter: contrast(800%); -ms-filter: contrast(800%); } (In fact, I don't know what that display:none is doing there now ... I'll have to look into it) There may be some brilliant visual hack to get images to look more faithful ... but this was the best I could figure out. Hit me up with the links and I'll put you in the gallery on the first page of the pitch. I still need 3 more screen-shots to swap out. There's a lot of demand for 3x. I have been working on this for 18 months off and on ... I'll look into 3x very soon. There's a lot of demand for 3x. I have been working on this for 18 months off and on ... I'll look into 3x very soon. sure I can roll that eventually. author here - it was an artifact of a common library that was used for TUI creation. I used it in the early 90s. Applications made with it all had it. "really small" won't fix "really corrupt" - how things are now, the first to go would be things such as laws keeping businesses honest. no. because with "really small" governments you still get "really big" companies. The term "deregulation" really epitomizes this - the idea that there should be fewer laws restricting companies from harming others and that the magical free hand of the market will miraculously prevent malfeasance and malevolent profiteering in some ayn rand utopia. what a lovely fantasy. The process I've seen called "decivilizing" - the willful dismantling of the post-industrial societal state back to some goal that is effectively an 18th century corporate oligarchy. The problem is that then you get companies which effect as governments - it's no mistake that the US flag is a spinoff of the maritime flag of the East India Trading corporation - it was effectively a de facto governing body - above the state. The corporate becomes the state when the state is weak. They are poised to fill such a power vacuum and it happens immediately. It's so clear. nope. if you look carefully, the math doesn't work out. verizon will be fine. They want to charge netflix and have people pay for tv programming. The current legal way to do this is to claim they don't have the capacity (between what and where is unspecified, and by refusing to add it - even when it's 5 minutes and free). elements cycle - styles really don't. For instance, here you have high shorts which are also loose-fit and with a color palette that's fallen out. Also if you had a closer look, you could see the material and cut of the fabric is different. It may have an elastic waistband and other nuances that form the cogent style. all of these facets of the garment or outfit together as a package are unlikely to come back. Parceled out ones? sure. The author needs to be less aggressive in the accusations. This current trend which supposedly "doesn't work" actually runs the vast majority of the modern web consistently and reliably. Placing onerous restrictions on what someone is permitted to do in order to satisfy some formal abstract programming model - that is the thing that really doesn't work too well. This makes arbitrary programming arbitrarily difficult: many simple concepts are completely prohibited. Fanciful convoluted ways that don't violate the formalism have to be fabricated...because we can't violate our arbitrary formalism! No! Not in the name of instructing a computer to do something. /me adjusts his english headmaster cap. I didn't say Haskell. There are numerous programmings languages which only permit pass by value (and no referencing) for "I'm-such-a-smartypants" reasons. I was really bashing the single-paradigm purist approach in general. It's much too rigid and difficult for anyone who isn't a card carrying mensa member. Alright ... I didn't mean this to be confusing ... here I'll remove that --- I was referring the whole class of languages which are more driven by purist theory than by practical need. There's quite a few that only support pass-by-value intentionally sorry ... it's 340 am ... i'm screwing up my english. alright ... i'm going to stop replying. but if the aggregate long term (think 24 month) price projection is lower, then price sensitive establishments will take the bait. Have you looked inside a mcdonalds kitchen lately? They've automated quite a bit of it already. I've fantasized about making a more responsive, consistent traffic light for years. Every time it's the middle of the night and I'm sitting at a red light for no reason --- or when I figure out that the sensors are broken and I need to get out of the car and press the cross walk to have the light change, or when I'm on my bike and have no chance at all to trigger the sensors. All these things I want fixed. I want stop lights to stop sucking. I want an unprotected left to have the signal on the opposing side turn red sooner if there's a lot of people in the queue ... so that more than two cars can turn per green. There's countless improvements that could be done but aren't that are purely in software and would use the same signal installations. We're not moving mountains here. But clearly nobody has done this. Stoplights suck exactly the same ways, in exactly the same amounts, as they did 25 years ago. And then, instead of making them suck less, we slap cameras on them to make sure that people put up with the suckage or pay a stiff penalty. "This technology has annoying bugs that have never been fixed. But luckily, we've just spent a lot of money on making sure you don't work around them." Who does that? This is absurd. no new features - just fix the damn bugs. I don't get why hackers want to work at such large companies. If someone has over about 50 employees or about 10 million backing, I don't see what's interesting about it. edit (due to the downvotes): Sorry, this was an honest question. I've been working for about 15 years and have always been really put off by the institutional structure of large companies ... the constitution of them just doesn't work for the kind of green-field I'm (and I thought most hackers) are looking for. I wasn't trying to be negative or deleterious --- I really didn't get it. Oh yes, what I call the "family argument" (work rules are different if you have a spouse and kid). I always forget about that one. Makes perfect sense. Sorry about that - it was pretty obvious. I'm not trying to be argumentative here, but does that honestly come through? I routinely turn down offers from the big players because I imagine once I'm in, it's going to be like the movie Brazil. I've worked for three large companies as a non-contractor - and I mean maybe I just didn't have the right title but I found the following (in all three): * I was prohibited from working on broken things that I was capable of fixing but I wasn't assigned to - even if nobody else was addressing them ... Almost as if there's some internal taxonomy model which strictly defines my role as X and only X . Having things lay broken is so frustrating to me. * Pointing out that projects are on a steady course for derailment and failure was discouraged. Recommending any fix whatsoever was completely a prohibitive. * Questions like "what does the client want?" or "Can I ask the client a question" always came back with things like "That's not your job". * Proposals to big payoffs for small LOEs that would substantially improve the project always got shot down. Probably because the "from" field of the email was wrong. * Creativity, innovation, and working on big new problems was incredibly discouraged. The concept that I have more than just one ability appears either cognitively impossible or structurally incompatible. I got a nice paycheck - the work was relatively stable and secure, and everything was running smoothly --- but I was completely wasting years of my life. On the contrary, all the small companies I've worked for have been the exact opposite. It's not that I necessary want to do contract negotiations and SOW writeups, but it gives clarity and purpose that I was just unable to get from the larger firms. I mean again, maybe it's because my resume doesn't say "PhD, Stanford" on it - I don't know. Has your experience been dramatically different? Honest Question: Doesn't the FCC have the privilege of disregarding every comment and moving forward however they want? So if I was to engage in this, what would be an effective plea? Alright but (1) why should I publicly subsidize a private company who can't manage to fit a project like that on its balance sheets? (1a) Isn't that a sign they need to be a public utility? Furthermore, (2) the last time we did this (1996 Telecommunications act), wasn't it no strings-attached? (3) Wasn't it widely seen as the private companies not coming through with the intention of the legislation? (4) What do you mean "flood the small guys off the net"? Are you saying they would maliciously do denial of service attacks on smaller companies, as in a "Trespass to chattels"? If not, then what do you mean, in concrete terms, without platitudes? (5) "no way for the ISPs to recover those dollars in the future" - Isn't it true that other companies in other countries can do it without government subsidies and are yet, still profitable? (6) [background] It seems like you are outlining an industry-wide endemic attitude which belies service. Although I agree that there are institutions structured this way, there are others, such as Level3, or my ISP, Sonic.net, which appear to be committed to tendering networking services. [question] Wouldn't it be better if companies who do not value providing high quality service actually do exit to a NetFlix model ... as service-providing doesn't seem to be the right industry for their culture (they are entertainment companies such as Paramount, not utilities such as PG&E). Thoughts? Thanks. ok, I think we are quite different but let me address just two things. For (4), are you suggesting that a company first pays for the bandwidth, and then pays again, for essentially the privilege to use the bandwidth paid for? (Given the Verizon/Level3 debacle, it was clearly shown that the networks are at about 40% capacity - so the narrative of scarcity or oversubscription is false - can't be used, sorry.) And for (6), I'm suggesting that conglomerate companies have industries they are good at, and those they aren't. I wouldn't expect to buy an automobile manufactured by starbucks - and furthermore if starbucks went out to manufacture automobiles, everything from the board of directors down would be poorly suited for the task - they are in the food services business - it's fundamentally different. So the idea here is that perhaps some of these modern cable service providers should be entertainment companies and not distributing in-house hardware or laying out the internet infrastructure - they may be terribly structured for that job. I think the ISP should be a common-carrier and unbiased vehicle for the open exchange of information that makes the Internet so intellectually critical. It sounds like you prefer them to be a privately held entity with zero civic obligations. I really wish that there was a metaphorical wall between entities that facilitate the civic function of a press and these more or less chicanery-based private corps. I'm terribly worried about the fact that the fate of modern discourse, society planning, press, arts, and culture essentially lies in the hands of the people whose primary goal is to bring commercially sponsored leisure distractions to the living room - their interests are too narrow and their vision of the task is too thin - as if we asked the Orville Redenbacher corporation to single-handidly draw up agricultural subsidization, land use, and disbursement policy (I bet their suggestions would favor more popcorn and leave 80% of the problem unsolved.) oh how exciting! can't wait to get this as a low-power commodity single chip package with OTS sensors at a hand-held device form-factor with wide-scale production at consumer price ranges - like the S5 almost has - but with higher fidelity. You know, like the leap but lower cost with better sensors and a higher range. I really wish their analysis went beyond just heterosexual pairings. Firstly because those who haven't dated outside their own gender like me can't really comprehend the significance of this and secondly because same-gender dating dynamics are profoundly different than their different-gender counterparts. even if you believed the entire narrative it still doesn't work. The efficacy of a criminal is due to the response time of the enforcement. It doesn't matter if 30 police show up in tanks if it takes them 45 minutes to do so, except for instance of you know, mass protest and civil unrest. It's like we're moving towards a day where the photograph of the tank man is no longer shocking And this is why you should switch to another ISP. Really. do it. Stop giving AT&T your money. They are out to screw you. Leave them right now. They are not your friends. They hate you and want your money. All of it. Stop giving it to them. They will use your money against you to extort more of your money. Encourage your family and friends to do so. Smaller ISPs will treat you better. They do exist. I switched to one (sonic.net). I got a call a week after switching from them, "Hi, your internet speed is slow. We can do better. Can we come out there and fix the line noise?" And they did. Faster than AT&T ever was - no data caps, and $10 cheaper to boot. Totally unprovoked, totally unasked for. It had been so long that I forgot what solid customer service looked like. AT&T has been sending me junk mail offering me first $35, then $29 and now, $19/month for 12 months. Sorry --- my bar of acceptability has been set back to where it should be and you simply do not reach it. Your pricing points do not matter when I no longer value the services you provide. It's like McDonalds trying to sell a cheeseburger to a vegan. What do you mean? Are you honestly saying that medical care is provided for 95% of the planet at a voluntary loss and that the exorbitance of the US market is the only thing that keeps the companies solvent? Really?! They are intentionally in the red, everywhere else, and make up for it through overcharging the US market? Do the local hospitals in Bangalore franchise to the US to do so? Do the nurses go on extended holidays to make back all the money they lose? Do the pharmacists go home and night and pack boxes headed for the US so they don't continue to go into debt? Is that how you think it works? That would probably explain why my GlaxoSmithKline stock is yielding a 6% dividend. Cause they are just that broke. No way. There's thousands of drugs companies which are not global and do no business in the US. They operate in the black, at profit, like any other company. Collective bargaining rights won't put them out of business. That's so false. I had to go hunting big time to find that there even existed an option, in this case, sonic.net who had service where I live (culver city, los angeles). It's not like they had a prominent billboard campaign and youtube ads. I had to read a bunch of forums, go through a bunch of reviews, dsl report web sites, etc. Finally found out that they do. At that point it wasn't a question of whether the company "sonic.net" did - it was "what can I get that's not comcast and not at&t." Anyway, the point is, that I thought I was in the boat of "nothing. you are screwed", I really believed it - but I wasn't. Finally found them. Felt great. So I say to you, keep digging - they are out there. And if there isn't, then a guy named Paul Cienfuegos has a formula for successful community rights movements http://communityrightspdx.org/ that's one of them. Fight for a municipal broadband - regardless of whether the state bans it. What's the state going to do? Bring in the national guard to protect the rights of time warner by blocking a city truck from installing fiber? Seize city assets? Arrest the city council? No, of course not. They'll give you the finger and move on. Look into it - the "fuck you, we're asserting our community rights" seems to actually work. I've done lots of international travel. You get regional everything - regional car companies, hotel chains, restaurants, grocery stores, drug stores, etc. They contain regional products. I turn on the radio and hear regional music. I watch TV and see movies I've never heard of, stars faces I've never seen, and television shows I never knew existed. They have their only mobile carriers and apps and their own versions of things like yelp. A few things are international, but 95% isn't. The idea that every single sector from industry to the food supply to entertainment to automotive to clothing and home appliances are all regional, and the drug companies are all actually, located in the US? Is that what you are claiming? I'll come back and edit this ... but asking for a list is just silly. edited: Axon-Pharma, Steifel, Xenetic, Pharmsynthez, Laboratorios Vargas, Rusnano, CPhi (ok I have other things to do) ... Oh yeah, also, explain Cuba. Anyway, have you traveled internationally? I have a list there near the end. it's not all just "blah blah blah". Do I need to honestly do all the legwork here for illustrating the plain and obvious? This is kinda becoming a huge waste of my time, sorry. that "find mcdonalds" game in the linked article has lots of bugs. it's completely unplayable. "Automatic"? Or do you mean an application that makes killing tasks fewer taps? Because the latter isn't that bad ... I have apps misbehave about twice a week; chrome, skype, yelp, google voice - they all need an occasional fresh start - a convenient way to do that I don't understand the objections against. My bet is a "no" otherwise I think historians would be going bonkers over it and it would probably make CNN front page style material. * - what I mean is that they probably won't find an unseen paragraph of text outlining entirely new provisions not previously known. Typographical differences and variations of spelling I'm sure may be found. I am really curious if they are going to try to bridge the biblical narrative to the historical record somehow. I imagine a lot of acrobatics would have to be done to tie the two together ... since um, you know ... best argument to use seamonkey I've ever seen. I'm at a loss ... what's the legal framework for this? I'm sure that some lawyer somewhere has justified why this was a legally valid maneuver. What's the narrative that clears this of legal issues? Is it this? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Authorization_for_Use_of_Milita... and if so, what does international law have to say about events such as this? To what authority are the actors here accountable to? Only their own domestic authorizations? It's the imperialist narrative. It used to be god's will and then they were savages, then it was eugenics. Then they were socialists and now they are terrorists. This train will keep rolling until we as a people decide with our wallet and ballot "your cover story is bullshit. Stop making up things to deny people sovereignty and stop inventing new euphemisms for war." We as individuals need to be proactive for a meaningful outcome. You can be part of the obstruction and direct the seas of change. Shifts in the status quo only come as a result of personal convictions and a consistent imposition of values. Nobody ever changed things without actually changing the things they do. and just how do you plan to make them accountable to you? Until you can answer that question, you won't get a seat at the table. Sorry. there is this benchmark : https://github.com/danstocker/jorder/wiki/Benchmarks ... I maintain this one ( https://github.com/kristopolous/db.js ) which is part of that. From my perspective, with a small collection size, I'll sacrifice performance for expressiveness. I have a number of expensive features that I think do nice things. I know a number of people who have diabetes and not vast financial resources (including the family of a teenaged nephew of mine). The current medical solution takes a significant and ever-present financial toll on them. Something like this would be absolutely life changing for those people who can't easily afford on-going, lifetime treatment. I really hope it works. I'm going to complain that it doesn't work on my tiling window manager. Usually I can't do this because I'm not the target audience. But this time I am!!! So yeah, menu doesn't work in notion. There you go! I believe both major parties reach the same conclusion, it's just that the Democrats do some dramatic act of high-minded rhetoric, then cry uncle and are forced to give in, shaking their fist at the sky. It's all for show. The game is rigged. US politics is the dramatic art of competing narratives to get there. probably not as much as where we paint them. ;-) thank god. industrialized hunting at a global scale is probably the least sustainable activity we are doing. https://rms.sexy/img/p1010270.jpg is a great one. Don't let them control the narrative. The discourse they have is absurd. Their system not only doesn't work but creates haystacks so big that needles get deeply hidden and no real intelligence happens. The rationale for the spy-everyone story is such an implausible fantasy. We have to stop letting people get away with saying it without being challenged. This needs to stop. It becomes even more bizarre when you consider that the NSA has been caught tapping foreign nationals and diplomats. Two countries in conflict may hack the US as a proxy to get at the others communications - with no direct interest in the US at all. This is a factually possible scenario. It's the unchecked blank check bureaucratic process. This the natural output given such input parameters. We need a way to make this more real to people: Dysfunctional projects of grandeur is how organized people respond to no oversight and unlimited funding. They will invent justifications to perpetuate their purpose. This happens through an utter failure of discretion in governments, startups, not-for-profits, wars, corporations... everything. Preventing it is Our Job to make a functional society. It's very somethingawful / uncyclopedia / encyclopedia dramatica / 4chan; A totally common narrative form on websites I don't really go on. Author is not serious - this is just a style of Internet storytelling. Ex: http://voxelstein3d.blogspot.com/2012/04/cool-story-bro-time... ... It's not for me, but it's certainly in jest. Maybe the target audience is FPS gamer culture? I think that I won't be compatible in a culture where such process is acceptable. If my first touch-point at a company is profound incompetence, I've already wasted enough of my time. I do not look forward to being on a team with people who were compatible with such a brain-damaged arbitrary system. I've been engaged with too many clients where every day of work is a theater of the absurd. It's the wrong goal. Public sanitation, clean water, weather resistant dwellings ... These are far more important than liking the latest look of some celebrity. If the focus is on the latter in the name of the former then either they are a fool or we are thought to be. zelda & metroid series are fairly well regarded. no. The classic example is missionaries trying to teach malnourished landless peasants how to farm. The real issue is water rights, land rights, and a traditional seed exchange program. We have this notion that political self-determination is the end goal - a population having zero economic control we see as irrelevant. That's the issue in these places - they don't have a sovereignty over their own economy. The only thing facebook could lead to for them is a popular uprising - but that will only be successful if there's a large enough middle class. What may be more likely is that facebook will act as a further usurpation of the independent critical thought necessary for self-determination because people will have an effective propaganda tool with them at all times. Imagine if a country wanted to filter out anti-government posts in a users news feed - giving disproportionate voice to a vocal pro-establishment minority; making them look like the silent majority; manufacturing consent as literally as possible. This will happen in your lifetime. What a lovely future. couldn't someone also entitle this "the incredible clumsiness of human perception" Dogmatically following so called rules in a cargo cult programming style without any understanding of the rationale behind them is many orders of magnitude more bad. This form of blind programming is terribly dangerous. It takes focus away from the task and placed on the process. Engage with the problem, engage with the computer. Do not engage with autocratic decrees and programming equivalencies of heretic and kosher. Goto does something specific. If you need that specific thing then that's why it's there. Ceremonial rituals be damned Furthermore at the shell you can set environment variables such as "http_proxy" which many tools will observe. Search "http_proxy" with your favorite search engine for more info. It's pretty useful. It's interesting to speculate how this exposes both perception and familiarity of the brands and institutions. I wonder how both Google and the NSA would rank amongst their respective peers; for instance say Kraft Foods or Target for Google and say, the National Forestry Services or the local police department for the NSA. I also really wish the variance of the results were published How is the detection done? Is it some chemical signature? A graphical visual image? Something else? Could it be that the methodology used may be too presumptuous on the nature of the phenomena? Could it be that the phenomena is something else entirely and has been misclassified? What is the methodology of identification and classification of such phenomena and how is that confidence expressed? I've been running linux on a variety of laptops for 15+ years without any issues that were outside my comfort level. If you are looking for a locked-down consumer appliance of a computer then linux really isn't for you. That's really the most extraordinary part of the whole movement. 20 years into it it's become mainstream on phones, set top boxes, and embedded devices everywhere but it hasn't also necessarily become some washed down, stupefied, lowest-common-denominator black box that is impenetrable to look at where you rely on the whims of some private company to fix issues that you are unable to communicate to them. It's still grass-roots and community driven at its core. It hasn't sold out. Anyone is still just a bit a time and hard work away from making a difference - that's pretty powerful. there's certainly a fanboy hobbyist requirement in making a linux-you-install-yourself work for you. it takes a bit of passion and commitment. Just like the automobile enthusiast who always disassembles parts of their car and replaces components - although their cars probably break down more often these people are enraptured in the art of auto mechanics. What would be our expensive nightmare is to them, hours of enjoyable pastime. it's not on many modern at least, smaller form factor, laptop keyboards. Chromebooks, lenovo x230/240, hp stream 11, carbon x1... losing an iphone? in that case they should be looking for an empty 1882 bottle of liquor there too. Are there significant political elements who champion dirty energy and deny its effects in the UK like there are in the US? It takes me an enormous amount of effort to read this font. I need to squint my eyes and had to zoom my browser window to about 200% and then scroll horizontally to make my way through the paragraphs. are you talking about through the css? What method do you use? I really want to read this content but I find some difficulty in it. Finally a chess engine I can beat. Speaking of expensive placebos, how is selling oscillococcinum legal? I can't imagine how many well-intended people mistakenly buy these sugar pills believing it is efficacious medicine. I think the suggestion was to give a clean version of the thing away I guess. And if you disclosed what it was on the packaging then it goes away. I'll tell you how i bought it in 2005. My boss's wife recommended it to me so i went out and got it. Then my symptoms went away and i thought OK i should do that again. I trusted the recommendation and presumed the pharmacy wouldn't be selling actual sugar pills so I didn't investigate it at first. Then when I saw it labeled with the homeopaths a year later somewhere else, I looked into it and was like "oh...". I think my experience is probably 97% of the stories with or without the realization. The other 3 percent is like " oh homeopaths, gee isn't this stuff great? What a wonderful science." out of curiosity, why not use the bookmarking feature? Ok let me try. Bad abstractions are bad. Additional complexity without additional functionality, increased dependencies without increasing stability, poor documentation and buggy implementations; strongly coupled things which have no business being coupled and overt assumptions on what kind of application you are writing and how you ought to structure it. They have fundamentals which don't interact with anything else - events that won't be caught, arrays that use their own iterator, etc. They decide to suppress language features like console logging and replace it using different names. You never learn this by reading the outdated documentation but by startling discoveries 45 minutes into what ought to have been a 15 second bug. And let's not get started on how utterly useless the call stack or object inspector becomes. They presume there are fewer coherent approaches to programming in a language then there actually are so they shoehorn you into writing things in one specific poorly documented, buggy, highly complex, inappropriate, monolithic, and fragile way. One of the main arguments for the abstraction approach is that they assist average programmers like a golfing handicap. But the reality is that the quality of the programmers work remains the same - but now with the abuse and misuse of the language AND a convoluted abstraction. You are far worse off. The historical problem is that these things despite all of these clear flaws become immensely popular - each one for about 6 months. And then your business critical application gets locked in. Locked in to the hottest framework from 5 years ago. Awesome btw, I tweet about my hatred of this specific topic here: https://twitter.com/frameworkhater ... I think a proper manifesto may be in order. Is this what passes for journalism? That was truly awful. Did that take 3 minutes to write? Maybe four? There's a lot more to this... I've been a fan of these studies for a long time in the way of holistic dynamic analysis of systems - problems that usually get a statistical analysis approach. I think there's another school of thought that can lead to higher fidelity predictions - and these tensegrity systems are examples of that nonformalized and unstudied school. Although these systems can be treated through classical analysis, there's something a bit more compelling about how they are truly faceted in ways that facilitate further nuanced analysis - and not the other way around, where the systems are a product of an analysis. It's a short-circuiting of the classical methods of scientific analysis and somewhat defies the limitation of models that we are so accustomed to. Instead, they embody an underlying system with dynamic networked coherent responses. I've thought that there's something fundamentally different about them and a way to punch through some of the computational, analytical, and measurement barriers presented by classical analysis on traditional systems. I've met one person, http://ti.arc.nasa.gov/profile/Vytas_SunSpiral/ who thought the same way I have with a requisite technical background to see the implications of this school of thought, and so far, that is all other than perhaps, Buckminster Fuller in his 1982 book, Synergetics - which deals with the same concept. I worked on this a few years and then I put it down, about 12 years ago. I hit the end of my cognitive ability in the research and haven't returned. It's a redefinition of analytical engagement. The classical Aristotelian discreteness is a limiting factor in its development. Stepping outside this while maintaining a descriptive formality of what constitutes this form of analysis is exceedingly difficult. I apologize that this is so vague but it is, for the most part, completely unexplored. I think there's a very real possibility of coming up with a divergent philosophy of science with a completely different disciplinary system - but with higher accuracy and fidelity of analysis and results of some of the problems which are for intents and purposes, currently intractable due to the compounding effects of being multi-faceted systemic problems. Here we are, we can construct highly-coupled, dynamic, reactive, but ultimately stable systems - the same class of systems we see in our "unformed" natural world. That's the key insight - that this is a real thing and that there is a distinct and different way of dealing with it - and that it can be exploited generally. This I believe, is inherently revolutionary. If you've read all this and don't think I'm nutso, then congratulations, we can work together maybe. Just respond below. I think this could honestly be the most productive and meaningful project that people could ever engage themselves in. What the? I'm one of the top css people? time to change my resume! It's almost like the regulatory capture of the FCC has been undone. Is there even a political term for that? Regulatory release? How did this happen? Was it just the 4 million request for comment responses? Is there something else at play? Also the quote from the congresswoman is quite brilliant how she uses tea party rhetoric to defend laws that lock in regional broadband monopolies. Her spin is artfully magnificent. Boldly rising to the defense of crony capitalism. I only wish everyone saw it for the utter bullshit it is. they are totally different. The workers having sovereignty over their own business produces a dramatically different outcome than classical capitalism. The constitution of a thing is partially dependent on the infrastructure behind it. For instance, I have a local grocer who owns the grocery shop. I have asked the grocer to stock things I'd like to buy which aren't there. The grocer has stocked them. I buy them so predictably that the grocer sets a quantity aside for me individually. These patently obvious social courtesies at a corporate level become policy decisions with a marketing campaign. If some big chain did it, they'd give it some stupid name like "YouChoose" and then have a jingle and some commercial to go along with it. The idea of engaging with the customer in this way would be commoditized an shoved down our throats. If some entrepreneur thought of it, they'd turn it into some consumerist share-style phone app backed by $10 million in VC capital. The first one is totally different from the last two. It's not the same thing. Quantifying a value is not the same as Qualifying an experience. Starbucks has done this recently - trying to fight independent coffee shops, not with hiring competent people and giving them liberty to make purchasing decisions and take control of the means of producing coffee, no. They have introduced a new machine called the "clover" that supposedly makes better coffee. They are going up against local roasters and people trying to take food service seriously with yet another shitty little product from corporate america. big fucking whoopdie doo - that's all they do. so when you have a distant billionaire try to come up with a new variation of westfield and then structure it like a process based corporation, it simply won't work. people are sick of being characterized as consumers, the culture of consumption, sick of being advertised to where everything becomes a product with a sanitized, transactional exchange of goods and money, to go about some soulless mechanized existence. Capitalism and community are enemies. The classic structure of neo-liberal consumer capitalism is completely incompatible with this movement - it's a fundamentally different constitution of culture, control, and capital. Huh? I am clean cut, drug free, and have a regular job. Desiring a substantive community is becoming a mainstream thing - just like community-based open source free software is now in use, well, everywhere. Another political theorist, Albena Azmanova calls this aggregative capitalism. An interview here: http://www.againstthegrain.org/program/1099/tues-22415-post-... and an essay here : http://www.academia.edu/11034347/The_Crisis_of_the_Crisis_of... A summary from http://events.newschool.edu/event/politics_talk_albena_azman... > A key feature of the new modality is the renewal of the state's redistributive function, with an altered logic of distribution, and a simultaneous increase in the state's administrative power and a decrease in its authority - a process that has failed to trigger a legitimacy crisis of the socio-political system, despite the recent confluence of financial, economic, and social crises. And no wonder society accepts the pain with equanimity, Professor Azmanova will argue, as the very social contract in Western democracies has been recast, thus breathing new life into capitalism. Look into gitlab the thumb type cured me of rsi. i swear by them ... can't go back to the dragging type. No they won't. Type in "econometrics of rent control" into your search engine. It's a fairly well studied question with a fairly consistent conclusion. Huh? The idea was without rent stabilization or leveling, rent would magically be more stable then if mechanisms were in place. We don't need to argue about this. Rent control has been removed from many communities, and the rent becomes much more volatile without the stabilization control. There's lots of actual case study literature on this. These things aren't mere untested hypothesis where our personal politics come in to play - they are well studied. The claim was that markets without stabilization eventually stabilize. However, from what I've read, the markets studied continue to be more stochastic for the long term. I really think you should look into the research. There's a lot of tested hypothesis and survey analysis in them. We tend to not treat economics like a science - as if our general education is enough to have an informed opinion. We certainly don't do that with psychology, chemistry, biology, or even softer sciences like sociology and anthropology. But yet, when it comes to economics, we all have a pretty solid opinion and think we are all fairly well informed. I encourage you to look deeper into the topic. Attend proseminars at your local university. Watch some graduate level lectures online. And, this is just an encouragement, revisit statistics and calculus --- you'll find out why if you look into 21st century econ. Not trying to be antagonizing but it doesn't seem to work on my nexus tablet. Screenshot with version info : https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B423NJPhUeLbVEJ5TVg2OWlYOEE/... Sorry, I'm not making this out to be competition. We all come to this discussion with different backgrounds. I'm fascinated by economics. So when I see claims that really aren't backed by the literature I feel obliged to bring it up. As far as your other claims ... those are harder to measure really. Rent amounts is a pretty easy number but things like lower quality (how much lower, what kind, where, is it predominant) and higher competition (amongst whom, using what process, which strategies aren't in play any more) ... well those are much harder questions. The microeconomic topic here is called Welfare economics: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Welfare_economics and in economic theory is the social welfare function: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_welfare_function I'm not saying those broad ideas don't hold ... but defining things like quality and competition can be a much trickier business than price. And unfortunately, if you are going to approach it as a science, you can't really go off anything other than definition, observation, and measurement. I have an old project that does a similar thing: https://github.com/kristopolous/apophnia ... enjoy 1090+ clicks from that one comment alone ... the internet is a pretty wild place. Sure, but I'm going to move myself into the line of fire by suggesting that some frameworks can encourage the development of bad habits and anti-patterns - especially those that prevent projects from being easily re-arrange-able in the future. Sometimes the choices made presumes a specific application is built and then a junior developer over-commits to the current state of a dynamic application and thereby precludes the application from easy future repurposing to match the dynamics of the actual products intent. What do I mean by that? You can call this "concreting the abstractions". The abstractions given by frameworks have to be implemented in a concrete manner in order to build the application - duh. But then what you often get are ill-equipped abstractions layered on top (square peg in round hole syndrome) and then the concrete implementation on top of that. Then the rug gets pulled out from underneath that. The naivete of a Junior Anything is a lack of perception of the nuances of the craft - an ignorance of the consequences of actions - and the wisdom to have the right kind of deductive minimal execution to get from objective to actualization. All too often, the frameworks give you a bag of hammers and say "alright, figure it out". With This approach, the limits of excellence are quite low. This matters for the long term with the customers ... you want them ecstatic and to follow you in a near cult-like fashion --- not just merely shrugging their shoulders and cocking their head sideways as they abuse the product in a disenchanted ritual. Anyone can do that. There's no beauty or value there - and it's not how you create a following. There is a meaning to art and mastery - when you do it right, everyone gets it. It's the unquantifiable quality that Robert M Pirsig discusses in Zen and The Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, or what Tim Leberecht talks about in the Business Romantic. These things matter - otherwise we are all soulless hacks. the help screen with the "?" button is probably (hopefully) not the final colors you are looking for. Thanks for doint this though! The whole thing is a dice roll. Have you tried to work the social media sauce? At its most scientific it's still just a game of statistics - until you get "a following"; whatever that is. I have. Profanity is a weak indicator. Disproportionally faster engagement over a given short time period and low variance of word choices along with repeated use of n-grams >= 4 words are all much more indicative then profanity. Trolls are argumentative and tend to resort to trite sloganish language. They are no more rude then the average commentator (which is fairly impersonal and insincere) It's about a general discordance with a generic community and what that looks like. There's two kinds: the salvageable and the hopeless. The hopeless is unwavering and defensive - irritable and divisive. You can see where and when users post - them there are extreme outliers - those are usually bot spammers; the next group in, the first humans, they are the trolls These are not hard things to compute - and profanity has nothing to do with it. Alas,yet another thing I should have written up in LATEX and sent off to a fancy journal... Why a native phone app? Isn't this a gallery of images? Am I missing something (other than just for the fun of it)? This is a common argument but the numbers don't back it. Radio station listenership had tanked and market penetration of pop music with respect to total sales volume is going down. The most popular song rarely constitutes over 0.5% of sales for a given week. The only growth segments I read about are for NPR and non commercial stations. The real idea is that they want the most cheap to produce, easiest to sell commercial on format. I don't believe that they care much about who listens to it. I'd like high quality renditions of some of those years. They fly by too fast for me to enjoy all the details. The mid 1800s were pretty fascinating. I guess I intellectually knew that urbanization existed then but I didn't ever see it so wonderfully depicted. For instance, look at the elevated railcar that goes up in the bottom left around 1840 - then you get the paving of the streets around 1900 - and you can quite clearly see how it was the same street that was there in 1750. That's why early stage planning is so crucial! that's a problem. Especially because they claim to care passionately about it. I think more realistically computers are Still mysterious magic boxes to them to some extent Javascript database - https://github.com/kristopolous/db.js Javascript event system - https://github.com/kristopolous/EvDa * Self-contained * Piecemeal * Vertically sophisticated - simple things remain simple; hard things remain possible * Focus on pleasant, consistent, ease, and flexibility My end-users are programmers and my UX is the API and documentation. I care about facilitating both novice and experienced programmers equal enjoyment and proportional productivity with the most minimum ramp-up necessary. If I have to think about how to do it in the library or look up how to invoke things, I consider that an impetus for re-design. That documentation is so awesome. You may think about doing a version with https://github.com/kristopolous/BOOTSTRA.386 ... Out of curiosity, is sf.net your preference for FOSS hosting in 2015? ... that's a lot of work. Thanks! What a clever idea. Thanks! put the http:// in front of it so hn makes it clickable. I have something in the same spirit: http://unreadable.website Absolutely correct. It's called the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis. You can refer to the Himba color experiment for more information : http://www.vidipedia.org/vidipedia-the-video-encyclopedia/vi... I think not. I go into details here: http://unreadable.website/guide.html ... The biggest problem is the screen on say a MBP is different than an X240 or an XPS13. Next time you are in a big box retailer look at them side-by-side - each screen can access a quite dramatically different contrast and color space. So the low-contrast issue is a manifestation of the classic "works for me" bug. A "cozy" distance on one display become irritatingly illegible on another. The WCAG2 ( http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/ ) calls for a 4.5:1 ratio ... make this 7:1 or so and you are good. I have another axiom I will dub "third-worldify". Take this story and replace United States with a "third world" country such as Turkmenistan or North Korea. Now, if instead it was, [Zambia] does so and so, is it believable? So therein you find your fallacy of exceptionalist presumption. If you think that, say, the Pakistani government could execute this, then I assure you the United States can. There's no magic change in the greed of power from one land to another. The background on this: http://www.dangoldstein.com/papers/Hershfield_Goldstein_et_a... On wow, those were words there. I thought it was just an abstract pattern of grey noise. Pity. I'd really like to know what the person is trying to say. They are using the same template as this group: http://opengrok.github.io/OpenGrok/ ... I'd really like to meet the person who made this - I bet he can see through walls. (it's here: https://github.com/orderedlist/minimal ) might as well plug my site: http://unreadable.website that was decent work. Good job - really accurate. alright. I have a few questions: * What is the lighting condition of your work environment? * What kind of screen do you use? * What does your "normal" desktop look like? * What kind of programming do you do (scientific? web dev?)? I have assumptions about this and I want to see how they pan out. Unfortunately the most successful people in capitalism tend to have an analogous psychopathy which characterizes an optimal corporation. What a system! Where being a terrible manipulative monster is encouraged. A web-ring. How retro. It's how it works. All the star, follow, reblog platforms basically expose your presence on that persons "blog" in a push manner. Twitter, tumblr, pinterest, instagram ... They all have a number of indirect ways of this. And as someone who has had to do icky marketing on these platforms, doing that process is the best way to grow. You are over 114? Amazing... Or why not just sleep and have some dreams? People act like losing consciousness to hours of vivid hallucinations is unnatural. We have rooms and furniture dedicated to it. "This lovely house has 2 bathrooms and 3 hallucinations chambers - to prepare you for work!" Make sure to get 8 hours of delirium in darkness every day to promote a healthy lifestyle. Many people who get on heroin got there because of an initial self-medication for some underlying issue. Heroin usage was rampant in Vietnam. Once the troops came back, the heroin use went away. Opioids aren't simple drugs. For the "addicts", the primary problem is not the drug - it's the prohibitive acrobatics to mental health care, medication, and ongoing maintenance. No wonder why most people on methadone (mu-opioid maintenance) are below the poverty line - they didn't get adequate help early enough. The minuscule percentage of psychiatric practitioners who accept the government health plans place them on separate low-priority waiting lists. Street drugs are more accessible and affordable because we are just that stunningly bad at providing effective on-going psychiatry to the poor. We've chosen to criminalize the victims of this catastrophic failure and claim they are at fault for not succeeding with a system they can't afford, don't have access to, and doesn't want them. The thresholds are lower than you think. In "Why Civil Resistance Works" Erica Chenoweth calls it the 3.5% rule - basically that there's a really low threshold for change. Here's a WaPo article summarizing it: http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2013/11/05... . She has a book on it with a much more thorough study from Columbia press here: http://cup.columbia.edu/book/why-civil-resistance-works/9780... In "The Rebel's Dilemma", Mark Lichbach outlined how if 5% or more have sustained civil disobedience, it has always led to successful downfall and complete regime change of government - not that we need that here. In more modest proposals, you have things like the Human Rights Campaign (the largest gay-advocacy group) boasting a 1.5 million membership - about 0.4% of the country. They are making dramatic gains for being such a small percent. In the 1960s, the most powerful civil rights group in the south, the SCLC, had around 250,000 members which was equally, about 0.5%. Whenever you privatize a social need, you thrust the logic of capitalism upon it. However, the incentives of capitalism aren't always well paired with achieving that social need. Privatization can incorrectly incentivize an industry - look at the recent Corinthian college or the red light cameras where they reduced the duration of the yellow lights in order to induce more tickets (and thus create more accidents). In both cases, these companies totally won at the game of capitalism but totally failed at addressing the social need that society expected of them. The problem is that structuring these as capitalism encourages these types of activities. If we then ban the current offences but keep the profit incentives in place, the problems will only manifest in other ways. The problem IS the incompatibility of privatization with addressing a particular problem - not mitigating the natural obvious consequences and deluding ourselves into thinking it will still work. It's also why open-source community linux has done better than privatized commercial unix: Keeping the incentives of software-making aligned with making good software ( as opposed to an artifact of monetary profit ) produces better solutions. You get better results without the neo-classical logic of capitalism in play - there's no incentive for closed ecosystems, planned obsolescense, forced horizontal integration, crippleware, releases timed with the market, information siloing, etc. All those problems just magically dissappear. Should there be rewards for lying? Should there be strong encouragement to charge people for things that are effectively free? Should the winner be whoever cut the most corners, cheated the most people, had the greatest deceptions, and paid their employees the worst? Should we have a system where sending things around the world multiple times to be manufactured is seen as the best solution? Should we really exalt those who provide the cheapest service at the most unreasonable price by defrauding people? Should not taking responsibility for the consequences of ones actions be to their advantage? Should exploitation really be how one gets ahead? Should we have a system that defines success and progress by the volume and speed of such swindlers and con-men? There are more options than trickle-downy free-market anything-goes capitalism and authoritarian centralized despotism. The thing we currently have is enormously unstable and teeters on the brink of collapse every 8 or so years. It allocates resources grossly ineffeciently and can only keep going with a 2% global growth. This isn't going to work if we want our civilization to survive the next 100,000 years. We need to do better than the antiquated 19th century economic models or 18th century goverment models we've been using. There are exciting systems out there, but we need to get past the cold-war era polemics first. It's time to grow up as a species. ok sure. That's what I meant. Usually when people say "privatize" they mean "make it for-profit" and not "establish a separate charter and incorporate as a not-for-profit". My only claim is that the goals of the underlying impetus of the organization can be at conflict with the premise for its existence. The theory is that a large enough mismatch of these effort will only give rise to dysfunctionalism. Much of the "argument" I see is where people thing that their pet generalized economic model is clearly the best one for all of societies needs. It's a bag of hammers approach. The problems are too divergent for a unified solution to be the most efficacious. We need to stop the cheerleading and start the analysis. How does this theory affect the BRICS? (edit: The atlantic has an opinion here: http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2012/10/the-rich... ) So long as you want a system of property you need to have an arbitrator and enforcer of ownership. Private property (read "capital") must have the threat of violence behind it. So you either have a system where people have their own force (feudalism), ~ or ~ you have a designated body which enforces communal rules - a governing body if you will. Functional capitalism requires a functional government. Otherwise it's feudalism[1] What the anti-government proposal usually boils down to is: "I'd like my property protected, no requirement to treat my workers or the environment well, and have my workers pay for this by contracting everything out to for-profit companies owned by people like me." It's a sweetheart deal where everything is privatized and capitalized on by some tiny elite group (let's call them royalty) who don't have to pay any taxes and keep all the profits and are protected by large armies --- hey this sounds like feudalism again, but worse! This leads to over-concentration of capital manifesting itself as speculative bubbles, mass indebtedness (a carryover from feudalism), currency devaluation wars, quantitative easing, labor and tax inversions...etc. For instance, now there's a negative yield on the 1-month T-note. The Fed lowered interest rates to try to spur domestic investment, but that money has already been invested overseas or gone to speculative gambles like real-estate - just like it did 10 years ago after the last recession. This means housing goes up, interest rates stay low, but monetary velocity remains dormant, economic liquidity doesn't move, and overall GDP growth happens but only as a function of rising investment valuation, not increased production. Furthermore, capital is spent on debt-obligated interest instead of a goods & service marketplace so demand remains stagnant ... the entire system just doesn't work. If you take away the money to be spent, then there's no money to be made, and capital investment goes elsewhere. Look at European austerity program -- reducing government spending was supposed to spur job creation and rebound economies. But as Greece did more Reaganomics, unemployment spiked upwards of 60% ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/youth-unemployment-ra... ). The creditors who got the money invested it outside of Greece where the returns were better. The movement of capital went from the taxpayer to exiting the Greek economy. Check NYSE:NBG to see it affected one of the in-country banks. So small-government capitalism just doesn't work. It leads to a de-industrialization, a de-population of the marketplace, a rise of speculative finance, and an exit of investment. In this case to BRICS (next is Africa, then Zomia). Just like in the US it went from NAFTA -> CAFTA. It's so fun listening to EconTalk or Steve Forbes because they have a correct description of the economy and the current instruments behind it, but then scratch their heads thinking "hrmm this shouldn't have happened according to our classical models! This is a mystery! All of our predictions were wrong. Hrmm! Maybe we forgot to carry the one somewhere!" Even though they openly admit neoliberalism is wrong, they've convinced themselves so much of their bogus models that it doesn't matter. It's like watching Dora the Explorer fail to find the huge mountain drawn right next to her. An this will continue to be a problem as long as it is treated with such unquestioning religious fervor. ---- 1. Which is where proto-capitalism began and was finally able to take over in the 1840s through reforms of governance throughout Europe. It's worth noting that there are no functioning capitalist economies in places without functioning governments. Can we get some financial theories as to why they did this? (Note: the deleted parent comment was to the Wikipedia page on gender equality) Sure ... but are you saying that this is politically prudent and financially irrelevant? Unisex things like diet soda are engendered (Diet Coke vs Coke Zero) because market differentiation and segmentation works. Were consumers unable to find products because their assumption of a girl's toy was different from the manufacturer's assignment of the toy's gender? Were manufacturers gaming the system by marking toys unisex to increase sales? Was there a lower convergence rate when the consumers filtered by gender? Were consumers offended by the category and complained? Was gender the least used classifier and Amazon was simply tidying up the interface? I don't know the answer. There's many options. Filters are on the left hand and near the top. That means they are important. I think Amazon knew the financial hazards or benefits and then made the decision primarily based on that. Do people here anticipate programming being their lifelong career, or do they in good faith, think there will be a switch later? Personally, I've done this for 15 years and I keep doing contracting to pay the bills but really I'm pretty done with it. What about you? There's nothing wrong with wanting to do it as a lifelong career. There's plenty of well-adjusted responsible adults that do. I just don't think it will be my decision, personally. I'm surprised the global tipping point is now and not about two years ago. With technology like this, Anne Frank's diary, if written today, would be the size of tweet. I find the description of this confusing. I feel like there's a number of people who talk about programming in a way that I'm not familiar with. Where do people learn verbiage like this? Is it popular among some universities? Is there something beyond code complete and gof? For example, I've never gotten a good handle on what other people see as declarative. I know the definition and I know my interpretation - but other people's interpretations seem to lead to very slightly different sets of declarative things. Is the term really not strongly defined? I think my main grappling with this (such as "two way data binding") is that they are generally things that aren't that hard, I just didn't know there was a name behind it. Then when I see someone describe it, it takes me embarrassingly long to figure out that it's something I've done for a decade. Do other people experience this? edit: I noticed a downvote. I don't intend this to be off-topic or irreverent. My apologies. I'm glad you brought up ember! I found it very confusing (and I have 5 years of ruby). I don't know what kind of approach I need for success there. I met people who had only been programming under a year who were more successful with it ... and I have been doing Javascript since the 90s. I wish I could unlearn all the things that create this mental blockage for me ... but I've been unable to overcome them. I don't know what to do - I feel like I'm missing out on a pretty lively movement. I feel like I need to approach ember, angular et al as if "ok pretend that this isn't javascript. Pretend that it's something new." Because honestly they don't treat the language like the scheme-self hybrid I've become so familiar with.[1] I think that approach will help, but I just don't have the discipline to be successful at it. ---- 1. It's like with C++ how there's basically two kinds of devs ... the C-programmer who discovered some nifty organizational techniques, and then the C++ programmer. The second C++ programmer writes code that the other one finds very odd and confusing and the first one doesn't understand why anyone would go through all that trouble to do something that ought to be so simple, in her mind. One thing that many of these techs do is take one primitive, such as a function, and then call it half a dozen different things - making it look like there's a difference. I understand the goals of such an exercise, but I'm not convinced that it leads to quicker to deploy, easier to maintain, simpler to modify software. I think they must have different goals in mind when they write code - a lot of people clearly love the stuff. I just don't know what these goals are. Many people on this thread like it and you shouldn't feel obliged to deviate from your goals for the project because of me. Thanks for working on this and I wish you the best. Ostensibly it puts the head of state in a power to negotiate with a guarantee that the legislative body won't modify the terms and conditions after the international negotiation is done. This offers a leveraging ability because the other negotiators know that the document won't be modified afterward. There's nothing wrong intellectually with the problem/solution scenario presented and solved by such a mechanism - so long as you entrust the people negotiating to be representing your interests. And therein lies the problem. Many American's haven't stated the words "This is not a representative government and has lost its authority" because that is directly seditious, but in practice their contextualized actions support this postulation. The reason that the mechanism of fast track is not ok because people strongly distrust the government - in fact, that's a redeeming feature of some open democracies - it's why we have an election determined by a calendar, and not the whim of the ruling party. The underpinnings of trust in what makes such a solution work is fundamentally incompatible with our structure and experience of government. We have strong evidence and are fully aware of what that will lead to. And as more of the TPP is leaked, we see we are 100% right. That's why fast track is patently offensive - we know it's the 1% trying to be a stealthy ninja to screw over the 99% even more. Well, most of us do --- some of us are Lenin's useful idiots (usually about 28% believe in supply side neoliberalism in polls. Lucky for us, about 90% of those hate Obama) This is why commercial news outlets report so little about it. A strategy of silence is the only chance they have. They could try to stall two years and hope a republican or at least a white male is in the white house but I think there is cognizance that the timeline of net neutrality which led to an activist victory can't be repeated. If you give the internet 2 more years to mobilize on this, TPP iz getting defeated. Chelsea Manning changed the rules of the game. People could relate to the wussy kid who shook the global military complex. Everything took off after that. Corporate power needs to be faster and quieter, the lion has awoken. The same thing that stops people from lobbing rocks through your windows or hammering your head walking down a street. Everyone is always a few seconds away from having access to terrible crimes. The mere introduction of new forms of crime does not necessarily lead to an increase in criminality. Nor does reactive policies to specific criminal narratives necessarily reduce it. In other words, it's going to happen, just like every other crime already does. Existing infrastructures of human society can easily facilitate this new form of misconduct. We disagree on this. I believe accessibility may increase the frequency someone attempts a crime but not the number of people who will engage in it. Think about grocery stores ... many leave items outside the store. You're expected to inconveniently walk in and pay for it. Yet do you see people rampantly ripping off those potted plants or cantaloupes? Although that crime is highly accessible it doesn't happen. Now if we were to leave cigarettes out there, of course it would disappear. But the question here is whether there would be more thieves or just more thievery from the same individuals?[1] The theory is that certain people have relationship dynamics to society which in their mind, justifies these actions. This theory supports looting grocery stores during some catastrophic natural disaster. Under this theory, if you can change the dynamics by which someone identifies with society, you'd see fewer issues. But this is mere speculation. Is there any literature on this? ---- 1. In the lens of this theory, one may claim looting cigarettes is part of their terrible nicotine addiction. This unfortunate narrative constitutes an (unjustifiable) reason to steal the item. The idea "I'm a screw up so this is the role I play in society" is a very Zimbardo-prison way of looking at things - but I think it's unfortunately true. I read this many years ago. Let me find the source. Edit: I can't find it. Anyone else remember reading this? The mysql job queue reference was from a popular article that went out about it at the time Edit 2: the job queue article is from 2011. Edit 3: still can't find it. But I know every part of this article before seeing it ... I tested myself and remembered all the details... Where is this thing from? Still can't find it. My confidence in the permanence of the web is pretty destroyed right now. I can't even find references to it existing. Yes. This article came out after that. I realized a few paragraphs in that I had read all of it. I tested it by guessing the content and was 100% correct. But I can't find it. This isn't the first time I wanted a searchable version of archive.org that effectively timecapsuled the interactive internet. Things fall off the net far more than common folklore suggests Anyone got $10 mil to drop on that project? I made a service called http://rt2.me which tries to semantic-ify the URLs ... but I seem to be the only one that likes it. overlapping windows was actually a challenging problem within the constraints of the old hardware. It's really fun to realize that the disks you load with all of DOS are about the size of a typical web asset. Prodigy. That was built between CBS, IBM, and Sears. They wanted an Amazon in 1988 ... Didn't happen. Would you mind breaking that up into paragraphs... It's easier to read that way I've had this weird theory that generally, the more sophisticated the record keeping technology, the less the shelf-life. If I was to do this writing in clay tablets for instance versus paper versus the fragile digital tech we have now. If this is true, then the corollary is that given say, some ancient civilization of say 3,500 years ago - perhaps the more sophisticated ones used record keeping technology that would become total dust a mere 2,000 year ago - while the less sophisticated ones have records which have survived. It's written by Ken Dilanian, who was accused of being a CIA lackey: https://firstlook.org/theintercept/2014/09/04/former-l-times... , caught falsifying facts in the CIA's favor and left the LA Times: http://www.nationofchange.org/la-times-reporter-caught-falsi... Seeing the guy enthusiastically shake his pom-poms for #team-surveillance is a no-brainer. note: the article at AP, with author credit, is here: http://bigstory.ap.org/article/60c0d988801742cf96cf8d725466c... ... AP gives the publisher the right to modify an article. Doing a fold -w 20 -s allows you to diff them and see the changes. Here they are: http://getpostdelete.com/ap-fold-20.txt and http://getpostdelete.com/npr-fold-20.txt Still quite a bit faster then the old "pen and paper" method this machine was a replacement for. over 70 years of age or over 70 sample size? In Economic Theory, the words "Nash Equilibrium" is said at least once an hour in every lecture hall. It's a pretty obvious focus (see here: http://math.uchicago.edu/~shmuel/AAT-readings/Econ%20segment... ). He's an Alan Turing in the field. Also see here ( http://econtheory.org/ ) for some good sunday afternoon reading. Alright. But honestly, if I got my namesake on some kind of fundamental theory, I'd be pretty ok with everything else being forgotten. I can imagine the awkwardness of grad students presenting their work in a room where he was present ... "and so-and-so forms a nash equilibrium ... (silence, looking for approval from Johns face, sigh of relief from grad student when professor does not shake head in dismay)" I'm sure Martin Fowler has an opinion on this. I bet he'll respond to emails. Seems like a nice guy from his writing style. Indeed. I also consider 70 to be pretty young for a retirement home. Statistically speaking, I assume the vast majority of 70 year olds (95+%) are living independently. So I thought either OP is being redundant and low-balling or giving a sample size. Didn't know. Btw, through a quick web-search, it appears the average for new residents is mid-80s. I'm curious about how the civilian population went about this. I'd like to say that if I saw even a remote possibility of something like this happening, I'd hastily vamoose to the hinterlands without a second thought and remain there indefinitely. What percentage of people left the cities in anticipation of such events? The narratives I've seen on the Japanese bombings was that people strategically moved to the smallest villages they could find family in. I've seen this depicted in movies also (I think the imitation game (2014) had a scene with it). wikipedia has this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evacuations_of_civilians_in_Br... did some research ... this would be a dot: http://waralbum.ru/wp-content/comment-image/91368.jpg http://news.nationalgeographic.com/content/dam/news/photos/0... secrets in 1943 perhaps ... not now though. adding "-bible" does this nicely. The fact that I don't use OSX has been a barrier to getting better at iOS development. Hackintoshing has proven to be quite elusive and the vmware and vbox USB layers in Linux don't convince virtualized OSX enough to transfer over apps to my iDevices. I'm not convinced you can get to high quality by testing strictly on emulators. If anyone has an old mac that can run modern xCode (you probably know what this constitutes more than me) and wants to donate it to a dedicated open-source developer for completely unspecified future projects, feel free to email me at (my handle on hn)@(googles email service). thanks So many people report success but a half dozen attempts with 20 years of computing to back me up has been nothing but abysmal failure. I don't know what kind of magical book of voodoo spells these people are using. I wonder if the web is just biased towards success because generally the people who haven't succeeded have nothing to say. If so, it would be nice to get insight on the whole picture here somehow I believe there's some consensus that eating closer to the time you wake is more advisable then closer to the time you sleep - all other things being equal. Could also be called display quality quiz The level of variations in the text of the article depending on the drawing is a nice touch: http://imgur.com/a/pbmfc (didn't get anything special for drawing a bell curve BTW) This is an MS site? Honestly, I'm liking this no-bullshit thing MS has been doing lately. I'd really like for everyone to construct elaborate arbitrary but consistent identities. It would make Facebook enormously fun as opposed to a large interconnected network of corporate brands and homogenized identities. A communal reflection of the minds eye. The current perpetual thanksgiving dinner is fun but I'd rather talk about dreams. Exploration over documentation. absolutely stunning design. nothing of new mathematical interest. beautiful though - simply gorgeous. It's going in my /raid/datasets with about 1.4TB of other comment data. So the answer is going to be "yes" ... well probably by Tuesday morning it will be. I've used older reddit dumps before ... it's not great data for most things, but there's an awful lot of it! Clearly all this crap will still happen in a flash free world. sure. http://frustrometer.com > Do people actually sign up for newsletters from these things? Yes. This is a very successful way to increase those numbers > Does this actually work? A more important question! The issue is that the numbers that the website owner is trying to get up are really low to begin with - usually So you have to think like a Bayesian here. What are the chances of someone who isn't computer literate enough to know there's a way to dismiss the dialog and believes that giving their email address is the only way to continue? Even if 99.8% of users are smart enough to x out of that dialog, then bam, you've increased your newsletter membership by 20%!!! (simply by confusing 0.2% of your visitors) Congratulations! Look at how effective you are! You're now giving a bunch of novice computer users email they don't want and shit they won't read! Sure! You can decrease the amount of time people engage with your content, antagonise your users, and get 0.01% more of the user base to convergence with donations (these are the common numbers I see) Either these things aren't looked at holistically or they are and people don't care about user experience. Think about it, you have to do this using CSS because all the browsers block doing the same functionality with another window. Once you start asking questions like "how many exits happened at dialog versus how much convergence?" you will, as I have, see ~60x more exits from service then engagement with dialog. You lose 6,000% more than you gain. And yes, the engagement is so low on most analysis that you can't dismiss marginal user error in many of the cases as constituting a large percentage of engagement. We can do better wikipedia has done a lot of research on this. Their method doesn't block content, doesn't force the user to interact with a dialog, and isn't perennial. If the website is honestly just a bunch of scraped content which solely exists to solicit donations then go ahead. But if there is another purpose, any other one, than the popup dialog detracts from it in an unnecessarily injurious way. Libraries that can be explained quickly and have good marketing material gain traction. The popularity of my projects appear to be nearly inversely proportional to their amount of complexity and sophistication. Things I've been refining over 5 years like ( https://github.com/kristopolous/EvDa ) has a userbase of 1, while my occasionally evening hacks have significantly more traction. At least for me, working long and hard on things I believe are of value and writing tests, dogfooding, and documentation basically means it's just going to be used by me ... bizarre but true. Yet another great innovation crushed by unimaginative soulless beauracrats. State-managed capitalism and socialism are not the same thing. Putting a state-run monopoly in private hands (which is what's usually done), instead in state-run hands ... where the risks and profits are held by the same entity instead of the public bearing the risk and the private sector getting the profits? That's socialism? No... This guy's a professor of political economy ... what a terrible word choice he's using. According to him, not blindly gifting away the collectively-held public commons into the hands of private capital to sell it back to us is now called "Socialism". What's next? Insisting cities which build private sports stadiums with public funds participate in profit sharing instead of just presenting the stadium with a little bow on top to some billionaire? Woah, Socialism cometh! The real thing that's happening is that people want a fair shake... "If we're going to be on the hook in the bad times, then we should see some of the good time too." The companies that were bailed out with public funds now have record private profits ... that's the problem. It's got zilch to do with socialism. I understand ... I just don't want the idea of being fiscally prudent and economically responsible with municipal resources at a structural level to be stigmatized as a form of socialism. It's just an act of diligence and paying attention. Sure he is. But if I wanted more of something, calling it "socialist" is probably not a winning strategy to help convergence numbers. The differences are in the kinds of risks taken, how the revenue is allocated, and how the profits are handled. The incentive structure of the two systems are different. This changes the outcome. The biggest thing that needs to happen is the realization socialism can exist next to capitalism just like charities, private clubs and other types of charters. Replacing any class of duality based thinking with multiplicity based ones seems to be really hard for people. The capitalism/socialism false binary is pretty ingrained how so? Capital driven entities excel by maximizing revenue and minimizing cost. They perpetuate themselves and insulate their volatility by building vast warchests. A public equivalence however, excels by maximizing utility. They perpetuate themselves by making sure the value they provide is near the cost they incur. Take a gym for example. A private one wants to maximize membership dues but minimize actual facility use - that maximizes profit. A public one wants to be something that the community utilizes. Generally speaking, in a public equivalence, the only party to enrich in the exchange is the customer base. Now given this, a homogeneous state-run society sounds foolish ... but America's homogeneous capitalist society is equally foolhardy. We are sophisticated enough to analyze things and apply appropriate incentivized structures upon them instead of using the same one inappropriately in every use-case. I had a web app to do this a few years ago (2011?) For thematic music video content at http://80smtv.com/#80smtv (still up but a ghost town). Here's the source ( https://github.com/kristopolous/emptyv ) ... most of it was written during the 3 or so weeks that it had lots of traffic, coming from all places, Poland. I worked hard on the anarchistic anonymous vj feature as a social experiment. It was interesting but not traction building. One day I'll build something that can sustain traffic. One day... That's pretty high quality writing for tc, maybe I should start paying attention to them again Since there's (at the time of this writing) 827 jobs here, I wrote a script you can copy and paste into the web console to search the posts (available here: https://gist.github.com/kristopolous/19260ae54967c2219da8 ) There is both OR and AND support here. If you specify your function parameter as an ARRAY then it operates as an AND, otherwise each argument is an OR. For instance, to see posts that are remote and python OR remote and ruby, you can do query(['remote','python'],['remote','ruby']); The return of the function shows how many jobs were shown versus in total. For instance, as of this writing, I get the following result when running the above function: { shown: 56, total: 827 } Let me show you how close to feudalism this idea is: Serfs are free to renegotiate their constitution, move, buy land from their king, or start their own kingdom. Now all these options sound a little more silly... Because we accept the power structure of feudalism. But many doubt there is any power structure in capitalism. Landless wage labourers? Yes. Debt based economies? Yes. Taxes given as handouts to the owners? Yes. The differences between the structure of two are far more subtle than most people like to believe. We are at a point on political democracy, that's great - but economically we are still kinda stuck in the 1700s ... We could try to democratize that too. Part of the problem is that neoliberalism suggests that everyone should act like an entrepreneur, a CEO if you will. This is actually as silly as implying that if everyone acted like a prince or princess in feudalism, it would have been a fair system. But you point to the "self made man". Statistically speaking, those are about as rare as someone marrying into royalty in classical feudalism. Pointing to that fact of course, didn't make feudalism fair either. There's a real, leaky (they all are), power structure imposed by the system that can't be undone by the power of magical thinking. Wait, this is just the Maginot line all over again. Surely they'll come back through Medford, go down through Crescent City where they will ferry out from Mendocino in elaborately colorful barges with high artistic merit, only then to dock back into the bay and storm the city with their DJ tanks once again. Have we learned nothing from WW2 and the battles of ancient Greece? need to require non-anonymous payment (credit card etc) because they'd be very steal-able. Also, train stations.