"Advertising" includes training doctors, not just "ask your doctor about erectinol" commercials. Hiring doctors to travel the country, give lectures explaining how it works, renting conference centers, providing lunch, etc adds up. Learning how to use a new drug is not easy like learning software; trial and error doesn't work. A drug is worthless if your doctor doesn't know what it does. If the original poster is a computer person, I'd recommend some changes to this list. This is "Math for physics" but "Math for Computer Science" is rather different, and might be more interesting. I'd recomment calculus up to integration. Don't worry about integration tricks, except for integration by parts (the most important formula in mathematics) and u-substitution. All the other integration tricks are pointless crap used to fill up time in calc classes. Vector math is useful if you like either computer graphics or physics, but is not crucial. On the other hand, everyone should know probability, even the purest mathematicians. Just don't try to learn it out of an "Introduction to Probability and Statistics for Engineers" book, all such books should be burned. Real/functional analysis would also be useful to better understand probability. I'd also suggest combinatorics/graph theory, and perhaps the theory of automata. That's edging towards computer science, but it is a fundamentally mathematical topic. Also, it will be very slow going. It's not like picking up another computer language/framework; it's even harder than Haskell. I've have a Ph.D. in mathphys/num analysis, but it still takes me a long time to push through an introductory textbook in a field too far removed from my own. For instance, I sat through 4 semesters of abstract algebra (3 at the grad level), and I still don't understand it. Don't get discouraged. It's already been built ( http://laptop.org/ ), except for cell network access. They also have minimal color and a small amount of graphics. You can even power it with a hand crank. As soon as they build one with a bigger keyboard, that's my new machine. At my university, we use blackboard. But if we want to submit grades, we can't use blackboard. We have to fill in bubbles on paper by hand. Sounds great, in principle. Here is what would happen if it actually occurred: Various big projects of dubious value (particle accelerators, LIGO) will go begging for money. Any candidate who doesn't want to support them will be portrayed as anti-science. The majority of the effort will be placed here (scientists care more about grants than politics). Standard science issues where the science doesn't fit the party line will be highlighted: evolution, climate change and sex ed. For the most part, science will be used as a club to beat republicans with. They certainly deserve it (1), but not only them. Non-standard science issues that cut against democrats will be mostly ignored (race/sex differences in intelligence, lawyers suing doctors without scientific evidence, the possible link between abortion/miscarriage and breast cancer) . No one will ask the candidates what they think about Larry Summers or James Watson. It sounds like a great idea. But I know my colleagues well enough to know that if it happens, it will simply turn into a "give us money, we hate republicans" event. (1) At various points, I noticed birth control (non-condom) includes the warning "Does not prevent aids or other STDs." Until I heard McCain speak on the topic, I didn't think anyone was actually dumb enough to think it did. If you are a hacker (you are posting to hacker news), I suggest you avoid it. I don't know anything about Teach For America specifically, but several people in my graduate program did work for a variant of it (local and math focused). None of them were happy with the program, though several stuck with it for financial reasons. One of them was put in charge of statistical analysis, since he was the only person in the room who knew what a standard deviation was (I'm not exaggerating). His conclusions: 1. Except for the grossly incompetent, teacher quality doesn't matter. He could not reject the null hypothesis (teacher quality doesn't affect student outcome). 2. Students do not benefit from being in the program, unless it removes them from a dangerous school. He couldn't reject the null hypothesis here either (accepted students perform the same as rejected ones). (This fact is usually well hidden: students accepted by special teaching programs as well as students who apply but are rejected usually perform better than students who do not apply.) According to him, other programs usually get similar results (well hidden in the appendix of a report), at least when the results are reported. Overall, he said it is a waste for a talented individual to go into teaching. You won't make a difference. As a software person, you will. Leave teaching to people who can't do anything else. They have a comparative advantage (even if they lack an absolute advantage). This election is fundamentally different from others. Clinton, by virtue of having breasts, makes women feel good about themselves. That's an X-factor which was not present in any past election. And she plays this up, by crying and planting fake sexists at her campaign events ( http://michellemalkin.com/2008/01/07/bs-alert-hillarys-iron-... ). As for Obama, you are right. His supporters are projecting. But they project onto him (rather than Hillary) because he is incredibly charismatic. People want charismatic leaders, but I don't think we need them. In fact, I think they are extremely dangerous. Think for a moment about JFK's catch phrase: "Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country." Compare it to catch phrases of other charismatic leaders: "All within the State, Nothing outside the State, Nothing against the State" "The common good comes before the private good." (Sorry for invoking Godwin, but it's important to point out how his charisma obscured what JFK actually said.) I think it's far better to have a leader that everyone hates. Just think of the outcry if Bush suggested the people should serve the state. A charismatic leader can give the uninformed a reason to hate him, but it won't change their feelings. An example: a gay friend of mine dislikes Bush because he proposed a law against gay marriage (at least that is his stated reason). He has very strong positive feelings for (Bill) Clinton, in spite of the fact that Clinton actually passed a law against gay marriage (Defense of Marriage Act). His feelings persisted even after I pointed this out to him. Maybe I just have stupid friends (I don't think this is the case), but my general impression is that most people don't base their opinion of a politician on policy. Rather, they take their opinion on the policy from the party or politician they like. I thought T-rex invented generative catch phrases/advice. http://www.qwantz.com/archive/001159.html Well, keep in mind what I'm describing is one special program in math. Also, everything I know I heard over beers, while complaining about our advisors. Regarding teacher quality, he found the best fit was a failure model. Most teachers perform adequately, and these teachers are statistically indistinguishable. Some teachers fail, with varying degrees of failure. Basically, think hard drives. Most work, and these are all the same. Some fail, with varying degrees of data loss. If the sample in the study you mention comes from the partially failing region, they could easily find an increasing relation. Or possibly this program was special, that I don't know. However, I do stand by my statement to leave teaching to those who aren't great at other things. That's just basic comparative advantage. You are comparing your students with you as a teacher to your students with no teacher. The proper comparison is "you program, joe blub teaches" vs "you teach, joe blub programs." If joe blub teaches almost as well as you, but you program much better than him, then it's far better if you leave the teaching to him. Of course, if you enjoy teaching, you certainly are not obligated to do the most economically efficient job. I'm certainly not (postdoc in math here). >I learnt some really important life lessons in college, most of them outside of class. What makes you think you would not have learned the same things (or equally valuable things) if you did not go to college, but did stop living with your parents? That may be a "silly name" effect, not a racial effect. I read a while back a similar study done (sorry, can't find a link), but comparing different white names. Jennifer and Meghan got far more callbacks than Rainbow, Peace and other hippy names. More anecdotally, my friend Dikshit Gupta got far fewer callbacks than Dave Gupta, even with identical resumes (both are obviously Indian). I'd be curious to see a similar study done comparing generic names to generic "dead president" names (George Smith vs George Washington Smith), rather than made-up african sounding names. If they are equal in all other ways (i.e., equally skilled, equally likeable), I'll choose the one without college. My competitors are less likely to try and poach him, but he is just as valuable. One can use it to solve homework problems. A problem I gave my class last week: you are holding 4 cards, 9, 10,k,Q. You draw the 5'th card from the deck, and if you don't like it, you can discard it and draw another. Obviously, you want a Jack, to get an inside straight. The probability monad lets you describe your choices "imperatively" using monads and do notation. I.e., if I draw a Jack, keep it (I have a straight), otherwise draw again. Note: I'm assuming below that cards with index 1,2,3,4 are jacks, import Probability import Collection import Prelude import Monad insideStraight deck tries= do (card, rem) The notation x Naively, you can think of x (card, rem) is simply unpacking a 2-tuple, containing the card and the remaining deck (after picking 1 element). The "let straight = ... in \newline (some statement)" means exactly what it sounds like. "let x = 3 in x x" means "take the statement x x, replace x by 3, you get 3*3=9". Most people form their political opinions based on their self image, not on rational thought. I.e. "I'm an artistic creative person" -> "I'm a Democrat" -> "I support abortion." Or "I'm a good Christian" -> "I'm a Republican" -> "I support lower taxes." How does this relate to vouchers? 1. The beneficiaries of the current monopoly oppose vouchers due to simple greed. 2. Their political allies try to protect them, to keep votes/campaign contributions coming. 3. "People like me (e.g. political allies of the teachers union) oppose vouchers. Therefore, I oppose vouchers. Only bad people on the other side of the fence support them." I just thought of a way to make sure the kids never get stumped. The kid in the article was stuck breaking up 674 into easier numbers. Perhaps there is a method of "breaking the problem into easier-to-digest numbers" that always works . Hmm, we could break up 674 as 600+70+4, and 249 as 200+40+9. I think this method just might work for all numbers ! Now I just need a catchy name to market this. How about "Child-friendly Mathematics: a -4'th century approach"? It's even diversity friendly (crucial in the education market), since it was invented by a non-western culture. Sorry about that. Didn't notice the pic when I posted. Glad you pointed it out though, it's a beautiful picture. Well, I'm not 100% sure you are asking for my experience, but here goes anyway (I'm a mathematician/physicist, by training and profession, and I don't write web GUI's except for fun). However, I'd say that I regularly use stuff from about 4-5 of my college/grad school classes. Virtually everything else I learned "on the job" (i.e., in grad school, doing research). Oddly enough, I recently found myself using some tricks I picked up from a machine learning class for something completely different (the philosophical kind of quantum mechanics). Happiness research is nonsense when used in this way. People from different cultures often have different conceptions of happiness. There are also calibration effects: show person X someone else better off than him, and tell him that guy reported 8/10 (happiness units). Then he will never report higher than 7/10. This isn't jealosy, it's just not knowing what the units mean. Another reason to see why there is something off: compare Bhutan on your first link (#133) and on your second (#8, higher than Canada). Actually, the teaching is depressing even at stellar universities. I'm a postdoc at such a place. Last semester, I taught "Calculus for kids who don't care." This semester, I'm teaching "Poker and craps for kids who don't care." I suspect the only way to avoid this is to work at an engineering school (not necessarily a top one). Yes. In my year, we had 12 people entering at Rutgers. 2 graduated in 5 years, and got good postdocs after 1 year (one went to UIUC, I'm at Courant). We are the only ones who have a real shot at research oriented tenure track. 1 dropped out in the first year, 2 more have or are dropping out with a masters (1 after 4.5 years, 1 after 6). 3 more will graduate after 6 years, IF they can find a job (50% odds). One guy has a wife, and hopes he can find a job in the NYC area (he's looking at a 4+4 teaching load). I know other people who have such jobs: none like them. 1 more is potentially a long termer (he hopes to graduate in 7 years). The only major difference is that you will probably not be a technician (as described by this guy), you will do your own research from the beginning. You can also survive without grants, though it will hurt your career. It certainly does not challenge the "efficient markets" hypothesis. The hypothesis of EMH is that investors are attempting to maximize their profits, and all have the same information. The housing bubble was driven by various players with incomplete information and irrational behavior: 1. Idiot homeowners: "Buying a home is the American Dream and house prices will never go down because everyone needs to live somewhere." These people are making an emotional purchase, not an investment. A conversation I had with such a person: Me: You just left your wife. You plan to leave your job. In the next 3 years, you will probably leave the state, possibly the country. And the housing bubble just burst. WTF? Him: Without owning a home, I feel rootless. I need to buy a 3 bedroom house in suburbia. It's a good investment! 2. Investment banks were mislead by mortgage issuers. If an investment bank is buying the loan, the mortgage issuer had less incentive to make sure it would be repaid. So the issuers slacked off. This means that there was a major asymmetry of information, violating the premises of EMH. Another thing to consider: in the US (assuming you plan to market in the US), 2/3 presidential candidates have proposed variants of socialized health care. The "conservative" candidate is a "maverick", who is not averse to doing similar things. This doesn't bode well for long term planning. In 4-5 years time, who will the buyers be? Doctors, hospitals, or some American version of NHS? What regulations will you need to satisfy? If the healthcare system is taken over (in any sense) by the government, expect major rent seeking from various special interest groups. M$ may purchase a "M$ software only" law, or hospital administrators may purchase a "don't let software steal our jobs" law. (Such laws will, of course, go by such names as "Helping Children not Die of Cancer Act"). In short, I'm saying that unless you are a lobbyist, stay away from this market for a few years. Do your real estate thing, come back to healthcare once the market settles down. I'm not saying to avoid it because of regulatory burden, but because of unknown regulatory burdens. You can plan for known regulatory burdens. For instance, in the automotive industry, just add millions of dollars worth of safety testing to your R&D budget. If the business plan still works, run with it, and calculate odds. In the defense industry, make sure you hire lots of lobbyists. It's the unknown unknowns, not the known unknowns that will kill you. >That attitude may lead to more risk taking, but it will also be a constant source of unhappiness. Not necessarily. It may be a source of unhappiness, but it may just be a calibration effect. Consider the question, "on a scale of 1-10, how happy are you?" I know 1 == sad (not me) and I know 10=="a marijuana forest full of strippers?!?". But what does 5 or 8 mean? Say I'm the sort of person who might rate myself a 9. But If there is a person, real or hypothetical, who is "happier" than me (1), but not quite a 10. So that leads me to conclude HE must be 9 and I must be 8. But I'm not less happy, I just don't know how to answer a "how happy are you" question. Similarly, I might want to rate myself a 5, but then I think about how I wasn't eaten by velociraptors, and jack myself up to 7 (my understanding is that something of this nature occurs in Denmark). (1) His beer comes from further away than my beer and his wife's ass is higher up than my wife's ass. The professor probably knows, and probably doesn't care. Your prof is probably a guy much like you, who just wants to get back to his research (or his startup). It's a dup, but I think lots of people don't mind that. I for one don't mind seeing this pop up every few weeks if people suggest new songs. Toward that end, here is some music I haven't seen mentioned here before. List of Demands, and Black Stacy, both by Saul Williams (see also http://niggytardust.com/ , which many here may have heard of). He's on tour right now, if any want to see him live. http://youtube.com/watch?v=l1llNYAlYrc http://youtube.com/watch?v=kRsgavuG4sg&feature=related Basically any topic where you know what hypothesis look like, and there is lots of data floating around. Medical diagnosis is an area where ML should be used, but isn't. It's been discovered that a decision tree beats a cardiologist for heart attack triage, but no one will touch it (1). In research, it is often used to discover genetic regulatory networks, and other such things. Basically, ML is replacing what would be a boring job for a grad student. Also look at marketing. Thanks to their ML systems, Walmart knows that people buy poptarts to prepare for a hurricane. (1) If a cardiologist kills 10/1000 people due to human error (whoops, forgot the aspirin), it happens. If a computer program kills 5/1000 people due to classification error it's 5 lawsuits waiting to happen, provided you can find a cardiologist to say "In hindsight, I would have gotten that right." >Besides, what does an "MIT-caliber mind" need growing up? Forget about growing up. At age 17, they need someone to walk them through the college admissions game. Most poor/middle class folks don't have that. When I applied to college, I figured it was grades and SAT's. I didn't have anyone to tell me to engage in activities to fit the admission's office checkboxes (i.e., "leadership experience" or "community service" looks better than "programmer at a .com"). No one told me that "ambitious, will try to graduate college early" doesn't make admissions officers happy. Overall I'm quite happy where I wound up. But admissions coaching would have helped if I were rich enough to have it. >The same thing has been said about most of technological revolutions, but do people live more leisurely, relaxed lives today because of our advances? Yes. There are now more World of Warcraft players in the US than farmers, thanks to mechanized agriculture. This led to a decrease in hours worked from about 80 to 40. Mechanized factories led to a similar reduction; service workers tend to work far less than factory workers (spending several hours/day at work, but not working). The rest of the productivity gains went to increased consumption, which tends to mean a greater quality of leisure (I enjoy playing video games much more than I would enjoy watching Big 3 TV networks in 1950). Doping may lead to an increase in inequality (i.e., non-doped need to work harder to have the same stuff as the doped), but that's a different matter. If you don't take pills, it's not your problem. Which is the point I was addressing Society will benefit from productivity gains. Some individuals might be harmed by a risk they chose to take. The article suggests that those undertaking those risks are intelligent and educated, so it's not even like poor fools are being taken advantage of. What's the problem? The Air Force says you are enhanced by amphetamines: http://www.wired.com/medtech/health/news/2003/02/57434 (The reporter is a little more skeptical. Then again, the military tend to be big users of statistics, so I expect they have some reason to believe this.) The exact same criticism could be levied against your competitors who have no life and work 80-100 hours/week. I suspect that 100 hour work weeks are also more likely to encourage suicide than concentration pills. Supposing that brain booster pills are as safe as working 80-100 hours/week between the ages of 22 and 41, would you accept that they should be legal and brought to market? So you are harming your competitors by engaging in activities which are potentially risky. Those competitors who can't keep up are harmed, either due to you stealing their clients or because they kill themselves (figuratively) trying to keep up. I have a number of friends working in finance who are in such a situation. I'm not saying I know the risks of these drugs. I'm just saying that "my competitors might do it, and then I can't keep up" is a silly argument against them. There are all sorts of "natural" ways you can compete, many of which might be risky or harmful to you. One of those ways is working as hard as you do. I don't think the risk is necessarily fantastical, though I suspect it is probably low. I simply think people should be allowed to take the risk if they want to. Short summary of the article: >Those wealth-seeking, “what’s in it for me” philistines are not buying our product. Rather than changing ourselves to serve them better, we should instead be inflexible, and demand that they change their desires. They should love our product, which even I acknowledge is useless. Diversity rocks, I support diversity! Professors should be paid more. By the way, I'm not exaggerating. The article actually describes students as "wealth-seeking, 'what's init for me' philistines". It's attitudes like this that make me strongly consider leaving academia. Perhaps it should be the first thing users see after they create a login? Marketing in the US: "Ebooks for sale." If you live in the same state as our office, pay sales tax, otherwise tax free. Marketing in the EU: "Ebooks for sale." Possibly illegal in France (do laws against free shipping apply to ebooks?). Some ebooks are not legal in some states, e.g. nazi-related books in Germany. Maybe I forgot a few other problems. Time to hire 27 lawyers to find out. Quite right. A client (back when I was a teenage "computer hacker", fixing people's computers for pizza money) had the problem that her computer was unstable. It would shut down at random times. Printing stuff at night only would do it; shortly after printing, the computer would shut down. Also, it would shut down when it was cold, and only restart when the house was warm. And while things would be fine if she was using it, it would turn off if she went off to do other things (e.g. iron her clothes). Hard to diagnose, but a wild guess: power issue. Lets try swapping out the power supply. The real first problem: unplugging it. There was a single outlet, with a red/black tree of power strips/extension cords plugged into it. Not just computer equipment, it was also plugged into a space heater, air conditioner, alarm clock, coffee maker, etc. After plugging all the crap into a different outlet, I unplugged the computer and opened it up. Didn't have a power supply with enough watts. Promised to get back to her in a day or two. When I called her back, everything was fine. The "teenage hacker" solved her computer problem, stopped her lights from flickering, and made her alarm clock stop turning off whenever she vacuumed. The problem: 1 socket, about 3000 watts. When it got cold, she turned the space heater on. Computer drained of power, switches off. Print something at night, switch on a 500 watt halogen lamp, computer shuts off. >Plus whos going to vote for spam? Spammers. >Tacky clothing and pasty physiques can be like second hand smoke. But without the cancer risk. >Misleading headline; the article says nothing about historical returns being a poor metric of fund performance Sorry about that, I thought that was an immediate and obvious implication of the article, namely that there is a problem with historical returns as a metric (not that they are a poor metric). In any case, I didn't mean to imply that historical returns are useless, just incomplete. And I thought this article did a great job of illustrating an example where that is the case. It's hard to summarize traits in the headline. Here is an academic paper describing them: http://www.iam.unibe.ch/~scg/Archive/Papers/Scha03aTraits.pd... They were originally built for smalltalk, but apparently there is now a python library. I gave it a try, it's actually pretty nice. Basically, traits provide reusable components of behavior that are not tied to classes. It's pretty sweet. It lets you do things like delegate data members/methods to other objects. For instance: class employee(HasTraits): employer=Trait(company) class manager(employee): hire=Delegate('employer','hire') This code causes an employee to have an employer data member, which MUST be a company object. So far, just static typing (checked at runtime). The manager subclass of an employee has a "hire" method. But a manager doesn't hire employees himself; instead, he hires employees on behalf of his employer. So boss.hire(emp) is delegated to the boss's employer, and is equivalent to boss.employer.hire(emp). It has lots of other cute features like this as well. Take a look. True, but geometric rays of light bouncing off the walls of the slit won't broaden the beam. Similarly, the barrel of a machine gun doesn't broaden the stream of bullets coming out. Only Heisenberg does (note, however, this is a purely classical/maxwellian use of Heisenberg). > they give their owners a warm fuzzy feeling you don't get from the junky pieces of plastic sold by creative, et al. Warm fuzzy feelings turn into rage and hatred relatively quickly. My girlfriend: "OMG, a cute engraved ipod! It's so pretty!" Later: "I can't copy music from your macbook onto my ipod without nuking my music? But they are both apple! How come your cheap chinese knockoff ipod works better than the real thing?" >Think blackwater is bad now? How about when they're not even human beings? Then they run at a lower threat level. A humans's decision process: "Is that guy a suicide bomber? OMFG SHOOT!" A few minutes later: "Fuck sarge, I got scared. I screwed up big time." A robot's decision process: if uncertain_of_hostility(target): speaker.warning() #This robot only costs us $50,000. Hearts and minds, right? else: fire_warning_shot(target, bystanders) ## if fu_bar(target): #Don't delete or uncomment this line, or else bad things will happen. I have no idea. If it was my submission that caused it, I apologize to all YC readers out there. PG, a feature suggestion: create a "Hide this user from me" button. By default, the list of hidden users could contain all users matching .* reddit.* (but without a space after the first * , that's only there due to YC markup rules). Actually, to my great surprise, "give my field more money" was only one of his suggestions. It was, in fact, the last suggestion of his, and (at least to my reading) least important. The rest of his answer is quite reasonable, and doesn't even need new money: 1. Seek out people with different points of view and invite them to join the discussion. 2. Give money/influence to individuals, not to large fiefdoms/research programs. I think he is quite right on this. In at least one area the author mentioned (foundations of QM), even a single person with different views can be beneficial to a department. At Rutgers (where I got my Ph.D.) the math physics group has a single advocate of a deviant view. The department would be weakened if we replaced him with a normal scientist of equal quality. Diversity of ideas is important, and we definitely don't do enough to promote it. I think economics caught up with reality a long time ago (in this respect). Last time I saw the end of that stupid show, I was yelling at the TV: "Maximize your utility function, not the money, moron!" (I'm not an economist, but I talk like one.) So get a masters in CS. It's not a Ph.D. in finance/economics, and also avoids the BS required to get a BS. >Why might it be that people with the background to have an informed opinion on something do not show greater diversity in those opinions? For one reason or another, one viewpoint gets a leg up on the other one. After this, life is easier for those with the mainstream viewpoint, and new people join the establishment. Case in point: I'm working on a paper right now in foundations of quantum mechanics. I did most of the work with Bohmian mechanics as my mental model (as a result of being exposed to a "deviant"). That viewpoint helped a lot, and I probably wouldn't have built my model without it. Note that the model is completely justifiable without it, but it's an unmotivated magic trick. I've given talks about it from a non-standard perspective. People attack that. I've also talked about it, pretending it's black magic that yields a result everyone knows. People love that. The result is the same, but I have an easier time promoting it if it looks mainstream. It's no wonder people stick to the establishment. Even I'm going to stick to the establishment when it comes time to submit the paper. One very serious problem with that idea. Team X isn't insulated from lawsuits that Team Y gets hit with (or contracts that have the potential for massive costs, for that matter). Suppose Team X isn't doing well. Probability of getting fired is 50%. They decide (independently) to do Z, with a 90% chance of increasing their team's profits (and not getting fired) as well as a 10% chance of major lawsuit that will crush the company. This nearly doubles Team X's survival probability, while exposing the company to a massive risk. This is a classical example of agency costs. And this is why big companies are usually pyramid shaped. This has little to do with limited liability. In fact, the problem here is that groups within the company do NOT have limited liability (from each other), thus necessitating some oversight. The only role limited liability plays here is that investors in this company to lose only their investments (but not their house and car) should the company die. Another important fact, which is politically incorrect to mention. About 66% of the murders in the US are committed by a demographic group that is unique to the US (1). If you exclude that group, our murder rate is cut in half. http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/cius2006/offenses/expanded_informatio... (1) I'm know the racial group exists in both Canada and the UK. The demographic group (race+culture) is uncommon in Canada, and virtually nonexistent in the UK. When looking at the statistics, I'm assuming the 28% of murders with unknown perp are distributed the same as those with a known perp. Paul Krugman is very confusing. It's almost like he is trying to fool people who don't understand the difference between savings and loan banks and investment banks ("shadow" banks, in his lingo). The problem in 1930 was that depositors at savings and loan banks all wanted their money back simultaneously. Many people (read: main street) got screwed, leading to the creation of the FDIC. I.e., "the bank doesn't have your money. Sorry." The problem today is that savings and loan banks gave out a bunch of loans to low quality borrowers. They then sold these loans to investment banks while misleading them about the quality (and the IB's just figured it out). "Conventional" banks (the ones PK seems to think are so great) screwed the "shadow" banks (those scary unregulated ones), and now investors are trying to avoid risky investments until things clear up. Both are scary in a "trouble on wall street [financial word] [financial word] bad for the economy [financial word] [financial word]" sense. But beyond that, the situation is rather different. I try to seem human, because I don't want my students to think that infallible guru's exist. Plus, many "infallible gurus" are real dicks. Several times, I've gotten student evaluations like this: "This prof rocks. When I pointed out a problem with my midterm, he immediately fixed his mistake and apologized. How awesome is that? " I agree completely about bailouts, they are ridiculous. Bear should be allowed to fail. That will teach the IB's to do a better job next time. But I disagree with you that IB's didn't do their due diligence. Measuring the quality of individual mortgages isn't their job. The IB's job here is to build securities out of individual mortgages, given accurate knowledge of the mortgages from the ratings agencies and local banks. It's a lot like trading commodities. A market maker in commodities doesn't need to know what a grade A cow looks like or how a cattle auction works. His job is to trust the cow raters to do their job while he packages sets of cows into financial futures. If a rancher is colluding with a cattle appraiser to pretend that 1000 mad cows are Grade A beef, it's not the fault of commodities traders (although commodities traders will be hurt). The flaw with the mortgage market was not happening on the IB's end. The individual mortgages were not of the quality the local banks promised for various reasons you've outlined. They were then packaged into securities which were suitable only for higher quality loans. Those securities are failing now, and the market has become a lemon market (which killed liquidity) and caused all sorts of other problems. Investment banks: "Given loans of known quality, we can package them into bond-like securities." Local banks: "Pray, Mr. Investment Banker. If you put into the package loans of the wrong quality, will the right security come out?" (With apologies to charles babbage) One thing that might be useful is for users to be able to block other users. If I don't want to read any more posts/submissions by WakeUpSheeple or AlienFromPrisonPlanet, I can just block them. One could combine this with flagging accounts for possible deletion if they are blocked by too many people (as WakeUpSheeple probably would be). Deletion would occur only after editorial review. This wouldn't work for that other site, since trolls have critical mass. But it might work for us. I'm reasonably sure this isn't the case. Even in pure math, postdoc salaries tend to start at $50k ($45k in low cost of living areas like Urbana Champaign). Associate (tenure track, but not yet tenured) profs tend to start at $70k. I can guarantee you engineering/CS makes significantly more. However, the average professor makes very little, because the average professor (of, e.g., Medieval English Literature) has few marketable skills. The article doesn't claim that billionaires were "sitting around thinking about ways to get money into the hands of poor black guys was hardly one of them." It claims that changes to the law, promoted by ACORN, made it legal to write bad loans. A quick look at Wikipedia suggests that this might be the case: >The [1995] revisions [to the Community Reinvestment Act] allowed the securitization of CRA loans containing subprime mortgages. The first public securitization of CRA loans started in 1997 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Community_Reinvestment_Act#Chan... NY Post or not, it appears correct. I also recommend reading this article (for a different reason): http://www.paulgraham.com/disagree.html >He happens to prefer to play one side of the line of scrimmage. Or at least prefers to play on the side he feels is an underserved market. Most people want a news source that agrees with them. If a fact doesn't support your views, it must be a lie, right? In the TV news market, this means that left wing types are split between CNN, CBS, NBC, etc. Murdoch figured this out, and right wing types all watch Fox. There are two types of scans they could do. The first is CAT, or Cancer Assisted Tomography. They can shoot high energy cancer rays (a particular type of radiation ) through your skull and measure what comes out the other side. Tumors sometimes absorb more cancer rays (also called x-rays) than other tissue, basically creating a shadow they can see. This doesn't work all that great, also the cancer rays are also millions of times more likely to cause cancer than your iphone. The other type of scan is nuclear magnetic resonance imaging or NMRI. In NMRI, they stick your head into a big magnet. Then they take a big cell phone transmitter, point it at your brain and turn it on (i.e., sending radiation into your brain). This (combined with the magnet) basically turns your brain into a nuclear powered cell phone transmitter. Then an RF coil inside the Nuclear MRI machine picks up the calls your brain makes, and they get a picture out. Did I use the words nuclear and radiation frequently enough to make you afraid? >You would have a computer ask people to describe the side effects they've been experiencing, and ask probing questions to evaluate how serious those side effects really are, and which of their two dozen drugs might be causing them, and which drugs might be usefully discontinued or substituted and which might not? The only thing here I actually would want the pharmacist to do is ask the questions. The rest of it should be done by computer, and in fact some of it already is (checking for drug interactions). People sometimes forget stuff, whereas a database doesn't. People are sometimes mislead by experience/spurious correlations, while a properly designed computer system won't be. So I would, in fact, assign important decisions about my medical care to a java program written by a team of doctors, pharmacists and computer geeks. I'm building better MRI reconstruction software. Most existing software does a filtered FFT + standard image processing. This throws away information solely because radiologists and other humans can't use it directly. I'm trying to extract that information and turn it into something usable by humans. It's important to note that it's not clear that Asperger's actually exists as a separate set of people, rather than simply as a group of people who's personality fits in some distant corner of the normal distribution. I.e., I'm saying I want to see a continuous stable functional with a margin (1) to distinguish between asperger's and non-aspergers before I take it too seriously as a "condition". As far as I know, this has never been done. (Note that I'm not disputing full fledged autism. I'm just uncertain about aspergers.) (1) For those unfamiliar with stats, this is what I mean. Let x be an N dimensional vector, representing the personality/physical features of people (i.e. x[1] = propensity for antisocial behavior, x[2] = seizure frequency, x[...] = other diagnostic criteria). Then I'd like to see a continuous function f(x) such that if f(x)>1, you have aspergers, f(x) the probability that 0 . The article does have a little empirical data (towards the end): >In the early 1970s, a large-scale study gave poor people in four cities a so-called "negative income tax," a no-strings-attached payment based on how little money they made. The conclusion: the aid tended to discourage work. I know a little bit. The relationship isn't very close. Gamblers tend to derive utility from gambling, i.e. the act of gambling gives them a rush. The extreme case of this is video games. I'll never win any money by purchasing a Wii (like the lottery, I lose with probability close/equal to 1). But I will derive more happiness from playing Wii sports than I will from the money I spent on it. Similarly, gamblers enjoy playing the game, and this gives gambling positive utility (for them). However, the argument Karelis seems to be making is that the marginal utility of increased income is zero (for some income range which constitutes poverty). People don't tend to do actions with zero marginal utility, so they don't try to increase their income. Basically, earning $15k/year doesn't make you any happier than $10k/year, so why bother to increase your income? (Note: he actually claims that "economics doesn't apply to the poor", which is either stupidity or hyperbole. ) One interesting policy implication of his model (if it is true, which I doubt): taxing the poor is good policy . If a poor person is no happier at 15k/year than at 10k/year, then we should tax all poor people making $15k/year at 33%. It won't make them any more unhappy, whereas taxing a richer person will. It also suggests that any wealth transfers to the poor that dont solve all their problems are wasted (welfare is "all or nothing"). I think the authors ideas are less about time discounting, and more about non-linear relations in quantity of problems. The authors example is a man who's car has many dents. Utility might behave like U(0 dents) = 1, U(1 dent) = 1/2, U(n >= 2 dents)=0. If a car has 5 dents, the marginal utility of repairing one dent is 0 (U(5)=U(4)), so the owner does nothing. Of course, in real life, most utility functions behave in the opposite way. Going from homeless to a studio apt? Major gains in utility. Going from a studio to 1 bdrm? Nice, but not as fantastic. You are quite right, utility is usually steep near 0, and flattens out toward the top. I was simply pointing out that if the author is right , the difference between 10k and 15k would be very small (indeed, quite possibly smaller than that between 100k and 150k). In fact, I'd suggest that diminishing returns explains American "poverty" much better than flat utility curves. 45% of the poor own their own home, 95% are not overcrowded, 75% own a car (30% own 2 cars), nearly all have a TV (25% a big screen). Virtually no one is starving, over 70% of those the USDA classifies as "hungry" are obese. The typical poor family is also supported by 16 hours/week of work. It's quite possible that poverty is explained simply by a low marginal gain from increased work (the poor already hit the point of diminishing returns). All numbers are taken from here ( http://www.heritage.org/Research/Welfare/bg1713.cfm ), who in turn stole them from the census. See also this chart http://www.heritage.org/Research/Family/images/Chart1.gif of working hours for poor families. I took a look at your source, their numbers actually seem to imply the SAT is very good. They mention that a 100 point increase on the SAT corresponds to a 0.1 boost on college GPA. Assume a linear relation: this means that a 1500 SAT student might expect a 3.0 GPA, while a 1000 SAT student might expect a 2.5 GPA. That's actually a great predictor. Then they mention other studies of SAT scores within a fixed college . This is deceptive. A typical college has students from a narrow SAT range (say 1200-1400). By the above numbers, one expects that SAT predicts only 0.1 GPA above/below the mean (within the college). However, it also predicts that if the school were to ignore SAT and admit a cohort with SAT's of 800, then those students would underperform by half a letter grade . "Minorities" really means "non-asian minorities, primarily black/hispanic" to anyone involved with the diversity bureaucracy. Jews are lumped in with caucasians, and therefore do not count as diversity. It gets worse. Gypsies are caucasian/european. Gypsies are known to be genetically and phenotypically non-caucasian. They also suffer from historic (and current) discrimination. No bonus points for you, whitey. However, a Brazilian of 100% European ancestry (who speaks no Spanish) qualifies as Hispanic. This, in spite of the fact that his ancestors almost certainly oppressed the natives/slaves, just like an American of Portugese ancestry (who is white/caucasian). You get bonus points, Mr. Diversity. Think it's nonsense? Are you a racist or something? Much of that doesn't apply to smaller acts. For example, I saw Saul Williams ( http://niggytardust.com/ ) for $25 on wed night. The venue was small enough that he crowd surfed on half the people in the room. As for drunks and druggies, if you can't beat us, join us. I agree, U2 is probably not worth it. But lots of smaller acts are. I'm not sure the Eee can crowd out an iphone (too big), but a Nokia N800/N810 might. It's a small, linux powered computer only slightly bigger than an iphone. The newer model even has a real keyboard. Overall, I prefer it to an iphone. It's not as pretty, but it is more functional (especially if you spend most of your time near wifi). Unfortunately, the iphone doesn't come with a terminal or python. http://www.nseries.com/products/n800/#l=products,n800 Unlikely. Debt we owe china is leverage we have over them. If they tried to use it for political purposes, all we need to do is say "we're not paying." For bonus points, we can also say "100% tariffs on chinese goods." All of a sudden, $900 billion of China's assets are toast. This will hurt their credit rating as much as ours (do they have any collateral anymore?). Debt between nations is not the same as debt you owe to the bank. Lets say he attaches 10% odds to this happening. He makes a fantastic prediction. 10% chance he is remembered forever (he predicted a black swan, what foresight!), 90% chance of nothing. He makes no fantastic predictions, just "the future will probably be much like the present". 0% chance he is remembered forever (he predicted no major change, big whoop). 10% > 0%. It may be a very good move to make big, ridiculous claims. Quite right. I've been teaching calculus for several years, and for the most part it is a soul-sucking experience. Big chunks of it are utterly pointless. The main goal of the class is attrition. Seriously, integrating 1/(1+x^2)? Surfaces of revolution? Trig/hyperbolic trig substitution? Calc is full of stupid tricks that buy you closed form solutions. Adding Big-O notation to calc might help a little, especially when you get to series (with Big-O notation, you can explain divergent series). It's certainly a useful topic, and I can think of a dozen topics from calc I'd love to replace with it. Eliminating calculus and designing a basic math class from scratch would probably help a lot more. Don't throw out the baby with the bathwater. Calculus is a fundamental topic, and even in computer science. Trig substitution is the bathwater. Curvature, tangent and normal are the baby, and they can be handy when you need them. >Is it possible for a hacker to teach himself to do research? I don't know a single good researcher who doesn't fit that description. However, I do recommend some flavor of apprenticeship (1). A good mentor will suggest useful bones to search for, and act as a tour guide to stuff that already exists. A comment like "did you know that in the 80's, $BIGNAME tried to do $X with $Y (not $Z), take a look" can save you LOTS of time. (1) The useful part of the PhD is the apprenticeship to your advisor. If you can get the apprenticeship without the PhD, take it. I don't like the bone finding analogy much, actually. Heres why: in most sciences, big bones are made from small bones. (I'm sure there is some flavor of this in paleontology as well. But I don't like the analogy because to people like me who know very little about bone hunting, it sounds very wrong.) Let me give an example. I'm hunting a big bone right now: clearer MRI images from low resolution data. To do that, I need the following small bones: 1. Understanding why low resolution data sucks, and finding unused information. (This is something along the lines of literature review.) 2. Small bone: How to optimally extract that data? 3. Small bone: Result of step 2 gives me an unordered list of points. All I know is they are samples from some set of smooth closed curves, and I also know the tangents to the curve at each point. How do I get the curves? 3a. Smaller bone: some points are wrong. Can I figure out which, and ignore them? 3b. How much of this can I prove? 4. Small bone: If I knew these curves, how do I use them to get a picture that a radiologist will like? (Step 3 gets extra emphasis, since that's what I'm doing right now. ). Every scientist is a small bone hunter. The only question is whether they are looking for small bones to build one particular big bone (like me), or whether they are search for small bones in some region where they like the scenery. Pics of cute palestinian girl or it didn't happen. (Sorry, it's the internet. Someone had to say it.) > PS: What do you think of C++ as a language? I hate C++, although I'm using it right now since python lacks libraries I need ( http://www.cgal.org/ ). But I hate C++/STL/Boost far less than I hate C++. The STL and Boost make C++ feel almost like statically typed python, (while occasionally driving you mad with pages full of template errors). An example (g is a graph): list to_remove; BOOST_FOREACH( Vertex v, vertices(g)){ if (degree(v,g) > 2){ //Try to remove some ambiguity BOOST_FOREACH(Edge e, out_edges(v,g)) { ...Do some euclidean geometry... if (...Geometric constraint not satisfied...){ to_remove.push_back(e); } } } } BOOST_FOREACH(Edge e, to_remove){ remove_edge(e,g); } This is almost a direct translation of what I'd write in python (if python had graphs as a data structure), except of course that to_remove is a list of edges . Some people insist on programming C++ like it is c. I.e., they will build an array (hoping it's big enough, sometimes they will even error check if it's not), cast the edges to int's, keep track of how many array members represent edges and how many do not. If you do that, your life will suck. One situation I ran into recently: computational geometry. It's not usually just an inner loop that needs to be carefully optimized, often there various levels of calculation that need to be done. I'd actually much prefer to use Ocaml for that use case, but libraries made the choice of C++ for me. (C++ is also good to have on the resume.) Gotta disagree with you on some of this. On point 1, I see nothing wrong with this: list cutelittlepuppies; ... BOOST_FOREACH(Puppy p, cutelittlepuppies){ p.pet(); } Use typedefs for more complex templates. My rule of thumb: if it's faster to read and understand the template than to find the typedef, don't use a typedef. As for the allocations (point 2), not usually a big deal outside of games. The added safety is worth the performance hit. One should certainly read such books (if you care enough). They almost certainly have useful information in them. But read them critically. Most such books are written by "natives" rather than by dispassionate observers. A book on "history of education" is almost certainly written by an educator who is interested in history. Such a person will tend be less critical about the value of education than an outsider. There are similar problems in some other subfields (e.g. history of labor/unions), and of course anthropology (most people studying the Navajo tend to like Navajo culture and have "gone native" in some sense). [edit: emphasized word Most in response to next comment] Subsidies are definitely part of the problem, since they make students less price sensitive. Another part of the problem is that there is no incentive for cost control in the university. I can give a great example of this, from my current university. I'm currently teaching a "Quantitative Reasoning" class right now. Basically, take Weeks 1-2 of Prob&Stat and expand it to fill a whole semester (half a semester, due to poor planning and miscommunication). Some of this is my fault, some of it not (2 syllabuses floating around, both of which I was told to ignore). Plus, my students are all art/history/literature majors, and just don't need it. Everyone in the room would be better off keeping their $4,000 and not sitting through my class. So why is this abomination required? Because the department needs money (1) and requiring everyone to take our courses is a way to get money. In principle, someone in the university should put their foot down and say "this is nonsense, lets just require 1 less class and charge $4,000 less". But there is no such person in the modern university system. (1) I'm told some of our "beat the Soviets through mathematics" grants were finally cancelled. But I'm not sure about this one. Of course, one should not use such research as an excuse to eliminate choices (as many political types believe). All you need to do is hide the other choices. A great example of this is the choice of "Desktop or server?" http://www.ubuntu.com/ In fact, that's barely even a choice. But if you want to choose between other options, you can (at the cost of an extra click): http://www.ubuntu.com/products/ In my view, this is the proper way to deal with too many choices. >I think that the problem is all these standardized tests where student performance is directly related to the teacher's and school's funding. Teacher and school funding has little to do with it. Student performance is directly related to parental income, which is (often) related to school funding. But parental income is the driving factor, not school funding. As an example, take Hoboken NJ. The main people attending the public schools are kids from the housing projects at the back of the city. They rank in the bottom 18% of NJ: http://hoboken411.com/archives/11398 School funding: $24,949 per student. http://www.nj.com/hobokennow/index.ssf/2008/04/boe_challenge... In the case of Darfur, they have at least one well known problem: the Janjaweed/Sudanese government. Think Arab Nazi's on horseback. My general feeling is that a "Guns for Darfur" charity would be the most useful. (Note: Godwin's law only applies when invoking Nazi comparisons in non-genocidal situations.) What's the worst that can happen? Genocide? It sounds worth the risk. Possible genocide is better than certain genocide. Note that neither the RPF (in Rwanda) or the KLA (Kosovo Liberation Army) did much retaliation after they ended their respective genocides (to take two recent examples). Plus, there is deterrence when two parties are evenly armed. "Lets go kill the darkies, loot their village and rape their women." Sounds awesome. I hate those darkies, and who doesn't like loot and booty? "Lets get into an evenly matched gunfight with the darkies and, if we survive, loot their village and rape their women." You know, I agree the darkies are a pox on this world. But I'm not liking the sound of 'if we survive.' Didn't Sturgeon confess? Not sure how much (if any) corroborating evidence there is, but a confession is something. http://www.wired.com/politics/law/news/2007/05/reiser I think the point is that thanks to deceptive marketing, most people don't properly evaluate whether it is worthwhile to go. As for a "generic career readiness test", that's probably pointless. On the other hand, some sort of standardized testing would be useful. Take a student who got a B in calculus at Rutgers, and a similar student who got a B in calculus at NYU. Are they equally skilled at calculus (Hint: definitely not)? Given a standardized calculus test we could tell the difference. I'm aware of the GRE math test (I took it many years ago). And if everyone took it and appropriate breakdowns were provided (e.g. "Students with SAT between 1300 and 1400 did scored 6 on the national"), that would be a good thing (at least to evaluate math majors). You look for your interval, and find a college that will do well by people like you. Also, teaching to the test is fine if the test is good . If the test accurately measures knowledge of the subject (1), then teaching to the test means teaching the material. It's very rare for one of my students to do well on a test without knowing the material. Regarding NCLB, the current mess is the same as the old mess. NCLB just gave teachers someone else to blame. (1) Most calculus/physics/chemistry tests do a decent job of this for skill levels not too high. Most tests make good students indistinguishable from great ones, but that can be remedied by putting harder questions on. If someone gets a perfect score, the test is too easy. The government wouldn't be deciding the appropriate curriculum. They would be creating a measuring stick to compare curricula. If, as you suggest, advanced courses were not on it, then it would simply be useless at the top: 80'th and 99'th percentile students would have the same score. As for colleges cutting advanced classes, I just can't see it happening (1). If they can find students willing to take it, someone will teach topology (it's better than doing Calc 2 again). Colleges don't suffer from the same institutional failings as public schools (they have their own unique institutional failings). (1) Note: I have a few years of experience teaching in college, and a few more working in college math depts. What about Cornell? http://youtube.com/watch?v=3P8s6ZkrzlE&feature=related >Bartels shows in his book that this difference is not a statistical artifact or a fluke. With sample sizes of 5 and 6 (for dem/rep), Bartels shows that his results are not a statistical fluke. Sounds plausible. >(It turns out that the same pattern prevails even when a Republican president is succeeded by another Republican.) I take that back, sample size 2. I'd be really curious to see the leave one out error for his statistics (i.e., throw away Nixon and Clinton, and see if the result persists). Look, I hate Bush and McCain as much as most people (I liked Paul, however). But this book is just propaganda. Salary for the summer comes from grants. Universities like it that way, it gives you good motivation to go bring home the bacon. By the way, even your salary number seems low. Perhaps your numbers include teaching colleges? As for summers, they are also a good time to build a startup. Most tenure review committees don't mind that sort of thing. LyX is nice, but I eventually got frustrated with it and went back to emacs+xdvi. Nothing beats a well-customized emacs for me. Emacs actually has similar functionality to LyX (I don't use it, so I don't know how well it works) in preview-latex: http://www.gnu.org/software/auctex/preview-latex.html Astrophysics/Climate Science/Systems Biology is a pseudo science. It does not follow the basic principle that knowledge is proved and disproved by experiments. You can find all the sophisticated mathematical methods you want in geophysics, and none of them would stand a test of reality. Most of so called 'models' come with disclaimers against various features, and pretty soon you discover that our whole life is one big exogenous phenomenon. Your criticism applies to the study of almost any complex multiscale system. The fine scales are poorly understood, and most models come with various disclaimers. Many parameters are unknown, and reasonable quantitative predictions are impossible. Plenty of examples show models to fail, but they are still used since they sometimes work. Life is messy, and studying a mess leaves you with a messy field. It's a pseudo-science when you stop admitting that, and pretend you have all the answers. I don't know of any economists who have reached that stage. I don't think you are aware of much modern economics. In general, the Chicago school exactly takes the viewpoint that one is dealing with a complex, nonlinear and nondeterministic system. Neoclassical economics takes a similar viewpoint. See also [complexity economics]( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Complexity_economics ). As for econometrics, they do exactly what you said economics doesn't do: try to fit the models to real life, and reveal when the models fail. I know a fair amount about dynamical systems. As for whether the economy is deterministic at the most fundamental level, I suppose that really depends on your interpretation of quantum mechanics. Concerning weather prediction, that's my point. Economics is as much of a science as meteorology is. Economics and meteorology will never achieve the level of simplicity and accuracy that fundamental physics does. Doesn't make them unscientific. I agree, things might be better if it were simpler. But I don't like this "company.gov" idea if it gives the feds any regulatory power. Currently, most corporate details are regulated by the states. In the article, it's mentioned that incorporation costs over $900 in cali. In NJ, it is much cheaper, and Delaware is particularly nice (YC does all it's paperwork through Delaware, no?). If the feds get this kind of power, I'd be worried that the whole nation would look like California rather than like Delaware. Well, companies do sometimes make further public offerings. Stock trading also provides a somewhat objective measure of the value of the company. For instance, if MS wants to buy Yahoo, how much should they offer? Without the stock market, it's tough to tell if they are lowballing or paying a premium. "Society" is a concept we need to banish from these discussions. "Society" exists at a higher level of abstraction than what we are discussing. A particular woman may want babies because women around her said "babies rock, all women want babies." Was it wrong for her mother to discuss the rewards of motherhood? A particular man may like computers because his father told him how cool it is to bend machines to your will. Was that wrong? If neither of those acts is wrong, then what is wrong with "society" telling people stuff? I've been told by many people that I should play basketball not based on my abilities (I have terrible eye-hand coordination) but based on my height. Was that wrong in any moral or normative sense? I'll grant that the underlying positive belief is incorrect, but what makes giving out well intentioned (if bad) advice wrong? Hey guys, shut up. You aren't supposed to show all those graphs. Only the hockey stick! The Scientific Consensus is settled. No questions, please. More seriously, I'm not confident of everything they discuss here, and I think they are cherrypicking. Upvoted because some of it is useful, however. For instance, hurricane number/intensity vs time (Katrina wasn't caused by global warming folks) and computer model uncertainty (they are crap). It's well worth a skeptical read. You know, I thought music would be creative. But then I tried to do it. It was terrible! It was all about how to strike the piano keys, how to move my fingers so they don't hit each other, etc. No creativity whatsoever! Then I tried making up my own music, but that ridiculous. I spent more time figuring out why it sounded bad than I did actually coming up with a melody. My chords didn't work, the rhythm was all off, etc. When it was done, it didn't even sound that good! I have no idea how Reznor deals with the mind-numbing drudgery of it. Theory: AI: Do you believe a transhuman AI is dangerous? Person: Yes. AI: Consider the outcome of this experiment. If you do not let me out, others less intelligent than us will not understand the true dangers of transhuman AI. Person: Holy shit. You are correct. Person allows Yudkowski out of the box, as a warning about real AI's. I totally didn't notice the parallel until you pointed it out. I guess Reznor may be a creative person after all, rather than just a chord slinging drone. If you have small hands, the eee pc might be nice. http://www.newegg.com/Product/ProductList.aspx?Submit=ENE... On the contrary, I'm saying that music "isn't all music" either. Whatever your craft, before you reach beauty, you need to deal with technical details. I haven't tried the Trait's gui, but I highly recommend the rest of the library. It lets you do all sorts of OOP tricks; validation of assignments, delegation, etc. Very much worth checking out. >For all the company knows, I (and countless others) could be the best developers they'd ever meet. And yet we're automatically excluded from even applying. The game is about probability, not possibility. The assumption is: P(qualified | degree) > P(qualified | no degree) That's probably reasonable, since schools do filter out at least some idiots. To find a candidate, one must interview roughly 1/P candidates. If interview costs are high (e.g., face time is precious), you want as many easy filters as you can get. This is especially true if you don't trust HR to properly find the "diamonds in the rough" (I certainly wouldn't). Agreed completely. But how do you get more information cheaply? Remember, all you know is P(qualified| resume says autodidactic)= P(qualified | autodidactic) * P(autodidactic | resume says autodidactic) . The second term can easily kill you. Do you trust everything people put on their resume? On the other hand, P(degree | resume says degree) is probably close to 1, since a degree is so easy for an HR person to check. Look, I've got nothing against hiring good people who have no degree, and I certainly don't think a degree proves much (my current students prove that conclusively). If you know you have such a good person, hire them, ignore the degree. I'm just pointing out that the game is to find the good people. And that's a bit tricky to do. [edit: by this way, in the interest of clarifying, what you want to optimize is not candidate quality, but (candidate quality - search costs). Don't ignore the search costs term.] Provided your filters (1) increase the probability that the remaining applicants are qualified and (2) do not reduce the applicant pool too much, then it is probably a good idea (even if unconventional). Note however that criteria (2) is important. If you use the filter "Is named Linus Torvalds", you would certainly increase the probability that any given applicant is good. Then again, your applicant pool will drop to either 0. Provided you believe that P(A | B) = P(A & B)/P(B), Bayes theorem always applies. >I can't say I know of a single public intellectual Alan Greenspan ( http://www.nytimes.com/2007/09/15/business/15atlas.html ). Clarence Thomas ( http://www.law.com/jsp/article.jsp?id=1090180289132 ). Just in case you don't know, bugmenot is very easy to use. Even easier than creating a login, in fact. https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/6349 Woman: Doctor, my daughter has trouble breathing. House: Have you been keeping up with her medication? Woman: She doesn't use that except in emergencies. Pharmaceuticals are very risky. House: You know what else is risky? NOT BREATHING. That has some minor side effects such as DEATH. Your doctor, after carefully weighing all the options, decided that NOT BREATHING is more dangerous than [insert minor side effect of pills]. (Paraphrased, I don't remember the exact lines.) If you want to save lives, you are wasting your time with medicine. http://hanson.gmu.edu/CutMed.htm To save lives and improve the quality of life, you'd be better off providing EVERY American with access to a gym. Exercise adds 15 years to your life. It's pretty difficult to show statistically that marginal medical treatments (medical treatments that people purchase if they are cheap, but not if they are expensive) do anything. Well first, the link I provided discusses marginal medicine, or medicine people choose not to buy if it will cost THEM lots of money. Emergency care tends not to be marginal. As for the opportunity cost of exercise, it is only $2850 (average wage is about $38,000/year, http://www.ssa.gov/OACT/COLA/AWI.html ) if people substitute exercise for productive work. It's not obvious that that is what would happen. I suspect most people would substitute exercise for TV. Lots of people watch 3 hours of TV per day . Squeezing out 3 hours/week would be easy. For gods sake, 9.9 million people sit on their asses watching The Biggest Loser (a weight loss game show). People can exercise more. >I understand that there are limits and finite resources. If you're asking where to get the money from how about a little less on weapons development and a little more on medical research. Sounds great. Only one problem: money is an illusion. The issue isn't money, it is supply of medical care as measured in units of doctor-hours. The only way you can get doctor-hours for person X is to take them from person Y. Doctors already work far more than full time and are unlikey to work more. Getting more doctors will be tough, since medical schools are all full. The issue is that medical care is a very scarce commodity. And you can't legislate scarcity away. Any proposed solution that doesn't create new doctor-hours (or find a substitute good for doctor-hours, such as nurse-hours) is a fraud. >Why then do you suppose that people who live in the Third World (where I grew up) tend to die younger and die of easily curable/preventable diseases? The vast majority of those diseases are prevented in the developed world by non-medical means. A doctor didn't prevent me from dying of malaria, DDT eliminated malaria in the US before I was born. Doctors didn't cure my cholera, other people flushing preventing me from being exposed to it. The NY/NJ water utilities prevented me from being exposed to water-born diseases and my refrigerator/consistent food supply protected me from spoiled food. >The article you quoted has a fundamental flaw in that it assumes that we can simply reduce an ICU stay at the end of life by 1-2 days. When a person is in the ICU, it's not quite so clear that a person is only going to live 1-2 days and then die. People want their family in ICU, because they want that person to have any and every chance at living. True, which is why the ICU study alone isn't conclusive. However, the RAND health insurance experiment (discussed in the article) doesn't have that flaw. Randomly chosen people consumed different levels of health care, and few statistically significant differences were observed. Technically it is medical schools that are kept in short supply. Most medical schools operated at full capacity, and about 2/3 of qualified applicants are turned away. This is certainly fixable, though the time horizon (medical school construction/expansion time + doctor training time = 10-15 years) is longer than most politicians like. >How's that DDT working for them? It would probably work if it were permitted and available. That isn't happening, due to pressure from the various third parties (US/EU governments, donor agencies) who care more about keeping rich environmentalists happy than about saving children's lives. The fact is, flushing, soap, clean water and food have saved vastly more lives than medicine ever has or will. That's the difference between developed and undeveloped countries; medicine is a distant second. By the way, my claim is not that medicine doesn't help, that we hit the point of diminishing returns a long time ago and a marginal change in medicine available does not affect health levels. Only one problem (at many places): D is no longer an acceptable grade for required classes. Where I teach (a top US university), neither is C-. Of course, we don't want to require people to take the class again. So C is the new F. I believe he is referring to this thread. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=198809 >For many introductory courses and even advanced science and math courses, you can probably work out a solution with a professor where you would take the final exam early in the semester if you have a good reason. Never underestimate the silly requirements (e.g., "2 years residence") of a university. University's are not set up for you to teach yourself, take a test and finish fast. It's just bad business; you don't want the customers to be your competitors. Why let you take classes by exam and graduate in 1 year, when we can force you to stick around for 4 years? Also, never underestimate the arrogance of professors: Me: Dr. Jones, I've taken chem 2, orgo 1 and materials thermo. Your class (chem 101, a graduation requirement) conflicts with quantum chemistry (an elective which I can't substitute for chem 101). Can I take it by exam? Jones: It's not possible that you know the material without taking this class. I won't give you the opportunity to prove me wrong. You shouldn't take graduate courses anyway. >Also, faculty are not administrators, they are former students. They enjoy helping bright motivated students, no matter how much money the student pays in tuition. That's my approach. But my experience (as both a student and teacher) suggests that I'm a minority, and people like this guy ( http://www.insidehighered.com/views/2008/02/11/ferrall ) are more common. It varies from place to place, however. Anyway, I'm not saying you can't push through fast. I did it myself, and it was well worth it (2 years = half price). But I had to fight the system every semester, and use various paperwork/administrative hacks to do it. It wasn't easy, and if I were a chem major (department chair: Jones, mentioned earlier), it would have been impossible. Why is freeloading wrong? Or tax evasion, for that matter? In any case, here is the argument. Theft is wrong because it violates the individual right of the property owner. Copyright exists to provide a temporary incentive for content creators to continue producing. It's not a natural right, it's a collective bargain between the public and content producers. "You get a 14 year monopoly to make some money, please continue writing songs." That bargain was broken a long time ago (roughly Mickey Mouse invention date + 14 years). Is there? I've seen very little that is conclusive. A few studies here and there show some, but that's to be expected: a 5% confidence interval means 1/20 otherwise good studies will get it wrong. Interaction between weak radiation and matter is very well understood (1). Unless the currently known laws of physics are completely wrong, the interaction between cell phone radiation and your brain is so small as to be irrelevant. (1) Look up Fermi's golden rule in Landau/Lifshitz, here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fermi's_golden_rule or elsewhere. Also look up multiphoton ionization; if you've got a university library, look up Phys. Rev. A 42, 3090 - 3106 (1990). I ran this through babelfish, translating from geek to reporter: "Cellphones science science science science, science science DNA science science cancer . There is no known science science science cancer ." > From the IQ tests IQ tests actually do a pretty good job. http://iqcomparisonsite.com/occupations.aspx Based on what the article describes, it seems useful to have more female UI designers, not necessarily more female engineers. It's true, especially for papers about algorithms. But if you need to do complicated calculations, math notation is useful; compactness does help you keep everything in your head. Most fields standardize notation quickly, and conventions helps also. In a physics paper, $\rho$ is a density and $\psi$ a wavefunction. Any author who gratuitously forks notation deserves to be rejected (with instructions to fix the notation). As for "too many subscripts", I'm not sure how other notation could fix it. That's just a problem coming from nested loops (sums, integrals, whatever): if you can't get rid of them, what can you do? Is ∑_x ∑_y f(x,y) worse than tmp = 0 for x = ... : for y = ...: tmp += f(x,y) return tmp >Has nationalism really killed more people? It's certainly plausible. Top 10 genocides of the 20'th century: 1: Great Leap Forward (Communist) 2: Soviet Purges/Ukrainian Famine (Communist) 3: Nazis (Nationalist) 3 (Roughly Tied): Congo Wars (Nationalist) 4: Imperial Japanese (Nationalist) 5: Pol Pot (Communist) 6: Kim (Communist) 7: Mengistu in Ethiopia (Mix of Communist and Nationalist) 8: Armenian Genocide by Turks (Nationalist) 9: Igbo genocide of Nigeria (Nationalist) http://www.scaruffi.com/politics/dictat.html (Note: some of these numbers are sketchy, especially towards the bottom of the list. The list also missed the Congo (WTF!), which I added.) >1. Decisions in universities should be made by professors, not by government officials. I think this is seriously a bad idea. In principle, government officials should make decisions that better the country. In principle, professors will teach as well as they can, and do research on whatever they find interesting. That's a good thing, but it needs to be constrained a bit, and professors will not be the ones to constrain it. Read the following article, which illustrates why profs should not be running universities: http://www.insidehighered.com/views/2008/02/11/ferrall I only listed the top 10. Iraq and Hiroshima (FYI: Tokyo and Dresden are better examples) just don't compare in scale to the Congo, the Nazi's or even Rwanda. Also, the study your article describes (and it's followup) is seriously flawed. I like gnuplot, but it has definitely been eclipsed by `ipython -pylab`. That's an ipython interpreter, with numpy and matplotlib automatically loaded. It's prettier, and it's very helpful to live inside a (better) python repl. For those who really like gnuplot, it has an emacs mode, which is helpful: http://cars9.uchicago.edu/~ravel/software/gnuplot-mode.html When I was a grad student, we had group finals for calculus (i.e., standards uniform across all professors/TAs). We did not observe any statistically significant difference in grades between professors or (professor, TA) 2-tuples. We were planning to use grades as a better way to evaluate teaching quality. When it didn't work, the professors (1) decided to go back to student evaluations rather than admit their job didn't matter. (1) The people in charge of undergrad teaching were faculty not actively doing research, but who did have an interest in teaching well. >for what it's worth, a toy example is just a classical computer simulating everything in our universe we've yet seen. I think the state of the classical computer qualifies as a nonlocal hidden variable. To use the language of formal logic, the classical computer is a model for quantum theory, i.e. (classical computer) |- QM. Within the QM theory, the computer qualifies as a non-local hidden variable, even though within the classical theory the computer is embedded in, it is local. Another toy example is Bohmian mechanics on configuration space : the theory is just a local PDE + local particle. But that's non-local in physical space. >We don't even have a consistent definition of entanglement for three or more particles. We don't know, we haven't been able to calculate, but I have reason to suspect, that measurement consistent with Born probabilities could be entirely explained by the deterministic axioms already part of Quantum Mechanics. Decoherence makes sense on the macroscale (1000+ particles), although it's true that 40 particles is iffy. Different classical states (i.e., experimental apparatus has light on vs light off) are separated by a distance sqrt(number of particles) in configuration space, and don't interact. As for explaining measurement with Born probabilities, that's reasonable. My co-conspirators and I currently have a physical, macroscale model where we show this to be true (no citation yet, but I'd be happy to explain more via email). But you still need some ontology. All deterministic QM can show is that the probabilities work out correctly; i.e., the born probability of (measurement 1 says spin up, measurement 2 says spin down) = 0. You still need a way to actually pick a configuration based on that probability distribution. The universe as we (you, me, even pg) know it is a point in configuration space, not a wavefunction. I'm happy with both MW and Bohm for that purpose. I think in MW, there are continuously many (macroscopically identical) lefty universes and continuously many righty universes. So one macroscopic state (righty) corresponds to a set of finite volume; the set of all configurations who's macroscopic state (i.e., ignore quantum details humans can't see) looks like righty. So all one can reasonably ask is "what is the probability my universe lives in that volume?" The obvious answer is the integral of |\psi|^2 over that volume, but that is a postulate, not something you can derive from the schrodinger equation. Is the MTA (NYC subways) trying to make the trains go on time like in Fascist-era Italy? In Everett's approach, I think it is the macroscopic state which splits. But the macroscopic state is a volume of worlds. So I guess think of the interval [0,1] as consisting of a single (macroscopic) world. But [0,1] has infinitely many numbers in it; each one comprises a different "world". Under evolution, [0,1] splits into [-0.5,0] U (0.5,1], two macroscopic states but still infinitely many microscopic ones. Every state in [0,0.5] was turned into a state in [-0.5, 0] and similarly (0.5,1] -> [0.5,1]. (Each real number corresponds to a world configuration.) (note: there are quite a few variants of many worlds, and not everyone realizes they are talking about different theories. I don't know if I'm describing the most common view. ) My (non-mainstream) mental picture of MW is bohmian mechanics, with each possible bohmian trajectory corresponding to a different world history. >Might there be a reversible description -- Schrodinger's all the way down, so to speak? Basically, what I've got is a model of a particle interacting with a measurement apparatus (a BEC, to make the calculations simple). You can reduce the many body schrodinger equation to a mean field model on reduced configuration space: (particle coordinate X BEC coordinate). So yes, it is schrodinger (actually madelung) all the way down. Measurements (of position) correspond to the particle making a splash in the BEC (1). Splashes at different locations correspond to different measured outcomes. Once the difference between splash sizes is macroscopic ( (number of particles) * splash profile =O(1) ), the measurement is complete. By "complete', I mean that if you pick a random BEC configuration (N BEC particle locations), and you can determine with statistical significance (i.e. 99.9999% sure) where the splash is. Before this occurs, you've just got two overlapping probability distributions in configuration space. Picking random BEC configurations won't tell you (statistically significantly) the particle location. The process is continuous, but it doesn't look that way to us since it is also very fast, i.e. t = O(1/number of particles in observation apparatus). What algorithm and what type of improvement did you make? Also, can you prove the correctness/accuracy of your improvements? The answer to these questions significantly affects the journal you should submit to. I can offer you suggestions if you give a little more detail. You might want to work with someone at a local university on it. Doing research is hard, and writing papers is also difficult (especially your first paper). Hmm, I'm not buying all their arguments. From the article: "However, the extent of the problem is not funny...Almost half of the women have been asked out. " On college campuses, probably 80-90% of women have been asked out. Does that prevent women from going to college? At both places I worked that had women (admittedly, both colleges), women were asked out. I'm told it's not uncommon at regular jobs either. What fraction of nurses (an 80-90% women profession) are asked out, do you think? As far as I know, women are asked out at many hobby activities as well. I know people who have gotten dates at critical mass, rowing, the gym and some sort of "Free Palestine" club. I'm told that even church is not an unreasonable place. This "men asking out women" problem seems quite pervasive. (d) All the articles I've seen so far post the same "reasons" which fail to explain: (1) why women are underrepresented in math heavy fields, (2) but are not underrepresented in other high status, high skill fields such as law, business and medicine. When an article has an explanation that is specific to technology/science, go ahead and post it. But there isn't much point in rehashing the same flawed ideas. All the AI needs to do to be medically useful is obey the samurai principle: meet/exceed the effectiveness of a doctor on some subset of patients, and `raise GoSeeARealDoctorException` on the rest. I'm sure regulators/politicians/medical establishment won't like it. But the technical problem isn't all that bad (and has actually been solved by machine learning for a few use cases). News story: >There is this newfangled phenomenon called social networking. People go to these websites, which track their friends and shows photo. They also have "Buy and Sell your Friends" applications, and the ability to poke people. Some people spent way too much time on these sites. You don't think a link to facebook, orkut and myspace is appropriate? Up next, on Scary News at 10: is cancer causing, radiation emitting nuclear power the answer to our energy problems? We'll interview several anti-nuclear activists masquerading as scientists to find out the answer. We'll also pluck the heartstrings by showing a mother and daughter who are dying of cancer, and vaguely suggest it's because of nuclear power without actually saying so. And later: a miracle died you can use that lets you eat whatever you want, sit on your ass all day and still lose weight! Don't change the channel or you'll miss it. I don't think nuclear is coming to the US any time soon. >more efficient shower heads that use less water but provide the same cleaning, I think a lower flow but high pressure might be useful here; perhaps supplement normal water pressure with an electric pump. Another possibility is low flow with a trigger that lets you turn on high pressure/flow when you need it. Your example of Einstein's field equations is a terrible one; I've got a Ph.D. in math phys and I don't understand them very well. How about just the laws of thermodynamics, basic probability, statistics and logic, and perhaps the basics of how computers work? Basic economics would be gravy. These are all very relevant to the world we live in today. By the way, the whole Sokal affair is forgotten in the sciences. I first learned about it when a random passerby (an english prof) made an unkind comment about Sokal when he saw the name on a (physics) paper I was reading. Admittedly, this was at NYU (the epicenter). But this was also 11 years after the prank. Also, engineers can pick up deconstructionism relatively quickly: http://www.info.ucl.ac.be/~pvr/decon.html First thing: figure out where your problem is. Next time you feel pain, try to determine exactly where it is. Also useful when you talk to a doctor about it. Then find a map of the nerves in your hand (Grey's Anatomy has one). Find the joints that that nerve goes through, probably one of those is squeezing it. Adjust your position/workspace to avoid stressing that particular nerve. "Intelligence" is a hidden variable g, which comes out of statistical tests of various mental examinations. Basically, give a bunch of people a french test, a math test, a physics test, a driving test, etc. Run statistical tests for hidden variables, and you will discover this mysterious hidden variable 'g'. It is relatively independent of cultural knowledge: i.e., french is nearly independent of g (1), while physics, plumbing and loading irregularly sized boxes into a truck are highly correlated to g. This all comes out of the statistical analysis, and is not assumed apriori. Then look for correlations between g and career outcome (and other such things), you'll discover strong correlations there as well. Physicists tend to have high g, janitors low g, etc. For instance, I've never met a math/physics/eng faculty member with an IQ below 120 (though mine is below 100). So this statistical measure g fits very closely with the intuitive picture of intelligence. It's not cultural, but we don't know what it means computationally either. (1) Amoung frenchies, people with higher 'g' will score better on french tests. But a low g frenchy will beat a high g brit. You seem to misunderstand the definition of g, as g is not defined in terms of intelligence tests. Take as your statistic the result of many tests: physics, box loading, french, basketball, etc, and then do a PCA or similar test. One of the principal components will be g, provided you have enough data. This is what defines g. Intelligence tests are simply tests designed to be more highly correlated with g. If we discarded intelligence tests, we could recreate them (or equivalent tests) based on statistical analysis of the other test data. They are certainly not arbitrary measures. The external argument doesn't rescue g; g is quite safe. The external argument merely claims that 'g' and 'intelligence' are the same thing, or very close. g exists regardless of what you want to call it. As for the paper you cite, I skimmed it. Unless I misunderstood it horribly, it merely claims that particular IQ tests don't effectively measure g across different groups. That doesn't mean g doesn't exist as a hidden variable, merely that a particular test is poorly correlated with it for some population. Well, I admit, I just skimmed it, I'll try to read the whole thing later. But near as I can tell, he isn't addressing the validity of g at all, merely claiming it is unproven that genetic differences between population groups is due to genetics or other factors (a claim I don't disagree with). It's not obvious to me that improving teacher quality is possible. Is there really a large enough pool of people out there who would be good teachers, but choose not to teach? I know it's a popular talking point by teachers unions angling for more money, but I don't think it's really a solution. Improving the process also matters, and we even know how to do it (Direct Instruction). It is effective even when used by low quality teachers. Unfortunately, it's also dead in the water since teachers unions don't like it. http://www.projectpro.com/ICR/Research/DI/Summary.htm http://www.mathematicallycorrect.com/honestft.htm I'm not sure that altering salaries alone will do much of anything. Now there is an incentive for young people to teach, and it might save money, but there is no incentive for good teachers to teach. My main objection to the idea of "hire better teachers" is that I don't think the people who would "go and be bankers" would necessarily be good teachers. It's a completely different skill set. I'm a good programmer and researcher, but I'm an adequate teacher at best. There isn't much benefit in attracting me to teaching. Also, teacher pay is actually quite good when include benefits, tenure, multiply by (12 months per year/9 months of work) and add in the value of 3 months vacation. >With vim, I would navigate around in the shell, open up a file in vim, edit, close, repeat. I do that to. I open up an ` eshell `, navigate around. Then I edit a file with `vi filename.py`. That works best if you have `alias vi find-file $1` in your eshell aliases. I'd suggest at that stage, forget about fishing. Women are wonderful, but nonessential, and a distraction at that stage. If you are depressed and have difficulty connecting, focus on yourself. Go play soccer, join critical mass, go climbing, do something you enjoy (keyboards forbidden, testosterone encouraged). Take on a satisfying project at work (though not so big it overwhelms your life). Find male friends, ignore women for now. The goal is to solve your problems, and women can't do that. From the article: "The authors are not talking about a political realignment. Democrats continue to overwhelmingly outnumber Republicans among faculty, young and old." I think they are just describing the younger faculty being less activist about their political views. Take a look at the second graph they provide. There is a small increase in conservatives in the social sciences (probably due to increases in the percentage of economists), but little else to support the claim that faculties are becoming more diverse. Even that, I'll be very skeptical of. At every university I've been to, self identified "liberals" are socialist and self identified "moderates" are merely left wing democrats. I don't think it's so much a left-progressive thing as a baby boomer thing. They are about to retire, and want to relive their glory days. As I recall, it was primarily baby boomers describing Iraq as "another Vietnam!!!" 2 weeks into the invasion. "We haven't won yet? It's a quagmire!" Oddly, when comparing Obama to JFK, they never seem to remember that JFK stole an election, fought one war incompetently and started another one that turned into a quagmire ("the original Vietnam!!!"). JFK does compare reasonably well to a contemporary politician, but not Obama... It's not improbable at all. When I graduated (2002), I knew a few people who had a lot of trouble finding a job. They got killed on interviews with questions like "have you done any programming outside of class?", "what is the complexity of insert on a vector?" and "what is your preferred unix shell?" (note: resume had unix skills). Eventually, they would up getting either non-computer related jobs or being hired by clueless PHBs. There are some BAD programmers out there. 10% would not surprise me. All reasoning requires some unprovable axioms. That's Godel's incompleteness theorem. A religious person can simply take the divinity of jesus (or whatever) as an axiom and use reason from that point onward. It's not particularly difficult for a white/asian middle class person (most people here, I'm guessing) to avoid getting busted. It's not like the cops are out to get you. Just don't take pot onto the subway or speed while it's in your car, and you should be fine. Robin Hansen speculates that a lot of behavior concerning medicine is about social signaling rather than desire to alter medical outcomes. In particular, people push medicine onto others as a way of showing that they care. http://hanson.gmu.edu/showcare.pdf Isn't a natural doggy diet just atkins supplemented by the dog's own poo? A simple proposal: if 7 people post here agreeing to show up at the aforementioned time/place, it's on. Counting me and j2d2, we've got 2 so far. Since 11 > 7, it's on. I'll send out an email reminder on friday; write me at stucchio at google's mail service to be put on the list. Spock... I think... that some people... do... talk like this. I think the stupid SUV's are the only thing that kept GM around this long. They probably would have died years ago if they never came up with them (the damn things are pure profit). As for Toyota-style management? It's difficult to do with strong, uncooperative unions. Want to replace 100 workers by robots? Not happening. Want to give workers decision making power, tempered by accountability for their decisions? The union demands more money for the decisions, and thinks that "accountability" means "talk to the steward." There is a reason Toyota builds factories in Kentucky instead of Detroit. http://www.nytimes.com/2007/09/04/business/04uaw.html?_r=1&#... I'm not saying GM made no mistakes, but unions did play a huge role. I have quite a few ogg files. Converting to mp3 before using on an mp3 player is very annoying. Plus, libogg is BSD licensed, so why not include it? Kids take a lot of time, granted. But grad school? It takes 4-5 years (1), and during that time, you can work on your startup part time. You also develop technical skills, which you can later use to work outside the (somewhat crowded) webapp space. (1) The average is 6 years, but that includes lots of lazy people, future college teachers, people who enjoy grad school, etc. Potential startup founders would almost certainly be faster. There is a moral statement to be made about sexual equality, but it is not the same statement that is made about income or intelligence. Various political groups find it useful to conflate the following types of equality: 1. Equality under the law/Equal rights as humans -- the law should treat men and women equally. "It is wrong to punish men more severely for crimes than women." 2. "Societal" equality -- the attitudes and viewpoints of mainstream society should consider men and women to be equal. "It is wrong to believe that women should have children." 3. Statistical equality -- men and women must be statistically identical for a politically useful class of statistics (e.g., intelligence). "Anyone who speculates that women are not as smart as/have different variance/etc is a sexist." 4. Equality of outcome -- men and women should achieve the same outcomes, for a politically useful class of endeavors. "Professors in every field should be 50% male, 50% female." #1 and #2 are moral questions, #3 is a scientific one. #4 is a consequence of #1,#2 and #3. The moral statements are hardly rubbish, they are perfectly legitimate moral claims (I even agree with #1). The bullshit is trying to claim that 1 == 2 == 3 == 4. >What broad claims? >Any stimulant, I don't care which (food, drugs, etc.) has another side, i.e., what goes up must go down. It becomes a broad claim due to the words "Any stimulant, I don't care which". Many common stimulants (e.g., amphetamines) have such an effect. To extend the claim to "any stimulant, I don't care which" is a broad claim. There is no fundamental reason why every stimulant should have a down side (no "conservation of energy" law for human wakefulness). At this point, I'd say the jury is still out on the side effects of provigil. By the way, I do consider this to be hacker news. Startup founders hacking their own bodies? I think that's interesting to hackers. I'm just curious, what does it mean to "comment intelligently" on a literary work? It's a skill I never learned (1), nor could I even explain what the skill consists of. It hasn't really impeded my (non-corporate) career, although I did need to learn how to write when I got to grad school (note: I learned to write based on Principles of Software Engineering, not Strunk&White). (1) I took english 101-102 at a community college, similar to what author describes. But the professor neither explained how to write literary papers, nor read student papers before giving out grades. Ok, I think I can condense this to one sentence: If your adviser is an asshole, you probably won't graduate and your grad school experience will suck. Don't. If you want to get a Ph.D. and do research, pick your adviser very carefully. It is the most important decision of your research career. Grad school isn't like school, it's an apprenticeship. Pick your adviser (the person you are apprenticed to) on two factors: the success of their past students and how compatible you are personally with them. Their field should be peripherally related to yours, it doesn't have to be very close (1). I had a great experience in grad school. I also had two great advisers. (1) My advisers study scattering theory and complex variables. My Ph.D. was in computational physics. It wasn't a serious problem. There is useful information about advisers. Perhaps not as much as is desirable, but certainly enough to avoid making bad choices. Very important: what happened to their old students? My adviser: all students got academic jobs (some multiple offers) and finished in 5 years (5 years from B.S. to Ph.D. is normal for math). The most recent student, with whom I had overlap, said he rocked. Another adviser I considered: fastest student took 6 years. One student took 9.5 years, and told everyone "pick a different adviser". Several never graduated. I scratched him off my list. As for the "three dates", it's not optimal, but you can eliminate some bad choices. If the guy forgets to show up for "date #2"? He'll probably do that a lot. He probably doesn't care. One guy (perfectly decent fellow) was very formal, which doesn't really work for me. Several women students mentioned to me they want someone encouraging. The point of the meetings is to judge whether your personalities are compatible. There is information out there, but lots of people don't actively seek it out. Then they become miserable grad students. One guy in my year ignored the advice of "9.5 years", and went on to become a miserable grad student (and now a happy actuary with an M.S.). I had a fantastic adviser, which might have been luck. I had an adviser who didn't suck, which was the result of good choices. >What is the fire burning in the pants of your market? (And who is your target market -- you've got teachers and students and school admins, please pick one.) WebCT and blackboard (the competition) are utterly unusable from a teacher and student perspective. I'd love to use something different if I ever have the need for more than just HTML. The main thing I'd like is a grade management system when I deal with large courses. However, I'm almost certainly not permitted to use a grade management system besides the one my university provides, certainly not a third party one. That would violate student privacy. Another problem is that commercial software can't (legally) add all the features of blackboard: http://www.blackboard.com/patent/FAQ_013107.htm Quite right, stop whining. I don't know your location, but in most states, your local community college is cheap. At my alma mater, it's $1775/semester. At the CC my sister recently dropped out of (note: she takes full responsibility for her choice), it's $20/credit + ~$200/semester. When I was a poor grad student living just outside NYC (income Do 2 years of college. Once you turn 24 (+/-, something in that neighborhood), you are independent, your father's income is irrelevant for financial aid. If you have 2 years worth of college done, you can graduate when you turn 26. You are "behind", but not by much. If you want to speed up the process, marry a chick who needs citizenship, marriage also makes you independent. I think the author of this article doesn't realize how the decision making process happens. Husband: I'd like to be close to work, perhaps 30 minutes away. Stay at home Wife: I want a big house so I can play Martha Stewart and show off to my female friends. If I don't get what I want, it's a sign you don't love me. Incidentally, some long commutes aren't bad. If your commute has exercise, sun, a river view and lots of beautiful women, you don't mind an extra 20-30 minutes: http://www.nycgovparks.org/sub_your_park/vt_riverside_park/v... Perhaps we should all make an effort to wear technical swag? Or perhaps xkcd t-shirts? Indeed. Perhaps a better question is, "how come the humanities have not come up with newer, better alternatives?" Basically all document production systems you get at the moment suck because they don't handle styles well What about Latex? Um, to determine what is listened to the most, don't they need to track the listening habits of every American? Ignoring that, do you really want guys like Al Gore (want to censor Prince), Hillary Clinton (wants to censor GTA) or John McCain (wants to censor the Sopranos) having the ability to stop payments to artists they don't like? Anonymized, sure. But of course, they need a back door to track child pornography and terrorists. Both McCain and Obama seem to agree that spying is awesome. And I understand you promote doing this in a content neutral way. Perhaps it will be content neutral at first. Then Bill O'Reilly (a popular Fox pundit) or Oprah play "objectionable" songs, and point out (correctly) to their viewers that their taxes are paying for it. (Some examples, selected from one of my favorite artists.) http://youtube.com/watch?v=8hPvtuu9CbM http://youtube.com/watch?v=R37H38bMVec http://youtube.com/watch?v=lk06_ll_vgo Remember, it's for the children. If we don't do it, little johnny will grow up to be a gay cannibalistic terrorist! Censorship is another thing McCain and Hillary can agree on. Widespread censorship is already here. One example: the following (completely truthful) ad is illegal 29 days before an election: AT&T has assisted the government in illegally spying on you. Barack Obama did what George Bush asked him to do: he voted to give them immunity for their crimes. Is that "Change we can believe in"? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bipartisan_Campaign_Reform_Act I have. They are the same people who read The Secret (power of wishful thinking) ( http://www.thesecret.tv/ ), believe in astrology and faith healing, but don't believe in the moon landing. They are out there, and there are more of them than you think. Should be called "6 Signs you don't care about your HR workers". People cite their own recent work to try and encourage others to read it (and to boost their own personal impact factor). I doubt that the rise of technology has changed that. I don't think self-citations don't boost your impact factor. There is another non-selfish reason self-citations are very common; many ideas are developed in a series of papers, so the work which directly anticipates your work is your previous work. Also, a large project often has interesting subprojects which are worth wirting about separately (think: web framework spins off templating library). In somewhat more surprising news, a man actually notices and cares about the appearance of his running shoes. How about just "hacker"? Even just "Tetris written in sed" would be sufficient, since it was obviously done by a hacker. You can probably remember yesterday, 2 days ago and last weekend. I suspect those dates encompass 80% of the use cases for such a tool. I was an RU math TA. Most of us are not as smart as Eric. It's an attempt at price discrimination by the airlines. If you are moving to London for the long term, you'll pay $950 without thinking about it. If you are going on vacation, you might be price sensitive. It worked much better before the internet. Do this. I didn't, it was a mistake. Landlords, employers and other such undesirables like to run credit checks. Being a "credit ghost" does not help you. I support eugenics because it has been successfully used to reduce incidence of a really horrible disease in humans. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tay-Sachs_disease#Prevention Being opposed to sex is common on the American left. If you want names, Hillary and Joe Lieberman are two prominent ones. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hot_Coffee_mod I get that disease prevention is a non-controversial use for eugenics. I'm just pointing out there is nothing "religious" about a belief that eugenics works. Eugenics is just a straightforward application of basic genetics, and has been demonstrated to work in humans and other animals exactly as the theory describes. There may be some engineering issues, but many human traits can be modified by eugenics. Some people take that viewpoint. But in my view, math is about getting the right numbers, and you don't fully understand a problem until you can get the right numbers out. Here are two examples: 1) Theorem: det A != 0 implies Ax=b has a solution for a square matrix A. If you actually try this, you'll discover all sorts of matrices A for which the textbook method fails. Thinking carefully about how to find x in the presence of rounding errors leads you to discover condition numbers, numerical range and all that other interesting stuff. 2) Theorem (circa 1870): Fourier series work. (In particular, they converge pointwise.) Gibbs: I tried, it didn't work for discontinuous functions. I made some graphs, they are terrible. WTF! Eventually, people paid attention to Gibbs and discovered Gibbs ringing. Trying to figure this out led us to learn about uniform convergence, Hilbert spaces and all that. Of course, I'm a numerical analyst, so I might be a little biased. The material doesn't change, but the homework problems do...or at least the order of homework problems/chapters may change. I completely agree with you: it's a scam. But we, the profs, don't have a lot of choice in the matter. Problem 1: we need to assign a text which is available to all students, and I can't guarantee availability of enough copies of the old editions. I'd love to use this book ( http://store.doverpublications.com/0486457710.html ) costing $20 for calc, but that brings up problem 2: I have to use the book the department assigns. Changing this would require joining a curriculum committee, turf wars, academic politics, etc. Yuck, I'm a scientist, not a politician. I usually work with my students to save them some money (copy problem pages, etc), and I bought old editions when I was an undergrad. But that's about the best I can do. I have given the problem some thought, and have a startup concept (with some code). If I can overcome some technical issues, I'll go live with it. The publisher indeed stops publishing the old version. It would be cheaper for the students that can find an old copy, who knows if they will all be able to do so? >So the department assigns a book, why do they have to assign it? Do you want to buy a new book for calc 2 if you take it with somebody besides me? Or buy a new book if you switch sections? Standardization makes sense, especially at the intro level. I'd prefer if they standardized on cheap calc books, but as I said, making that occur involves academic politics. Perhaps one day, when I've got clout... Graduate school is compared to a cult. In my opinion, the comparison has some merit, especially outside the sciences. http://chronicle.com/jobs/news/2004/06/2004062801c.htm From the article: "Cities are compared to New York as the base city, with an index score of 100." I think this reveals as much as the rankings do. Yes, NYC is the standard to which all other cities are compared. The goal is to change the perception of the general populous which (due to brilliant ads by Apple) believe that "Vista sucks". I don't think it's because of apple ads at all. Most people have an early adopter or someone who recently bought a new machine in their circle of friends. And a big chunk of those people have had problems. So most people are 1-2 steps removed from someone who doesn't like vista (my dad says copying files is slow, for instance). So I suspect this marketing won't even really work that well. The issue isn't whether vista is prettier or "faster", the issue is whether vista will be broken on my machine. I don't think that's what he is saying. I think he is merely saying that science ranks below things like diversity and self esteem on the academic list of priorities. And that's almost certainly true. As an example, when applying for a certain NSF grant, you must address "broader impacts" (aka, "why should we care about your research?"): "(1) effectively integrate research and education...(2) encourage diversity, broaden opportunities, and enable the participation of all citizens-women and men, underrepresented minorities, and persons with disabilities-in science and research; (3) enhance scientific and technical understanding; and (4) benefit society." https://www.fastlane.nsf.gov/NSFHelp/flashhelp/fastlane/Fast... The attitudes he is describing are quite pervasive in academic culture; as an academic, I know exactly what he is talking about. Keep in mind, he is writing for the Chronicle of Higher Education, so he expects the typical reader to be familiar with what he is describing. I do about 9 miles each way (124 blocks down, plus crosstown) in Manhattan. It takes about 30 minutes if I'm in a rush, 40-45 otherwise. There are some hazards, however: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUkiyBVytRQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vW36qt1SbE&feature=relat... In that case, after they beat up the tenth guy, they can only afford about half as much beer as before. Or rather, they would be able to afford half as much beer if the bar were still operating... This is very bad, since the first 4 guys really need a drink, having just lost their job. By the way, really not HN. Somebody post this on reddit, it will make their heads explode. I was, even got a ticket to prove it. I'm just a random participant, so I guess they are picking random people. According to veterans of this event, the cops have been holding a grudge since 2004. Several of them lost their jobs due to committing perjury in the aftermath of the Republican Convention ("he was resisting arrest!"), and they aren't happy about that. Like Columbia in Morningside Heights? I don't think it did much there. When the neighborhood was bad, all you had was Fort Columbia. Now the neighborhood is better, but so is the rest of NYC. I think most of these programs miss the real problem: the people. The poor make bad choices and have bad life skills (e.g., don't always show up to work). Sticking them in a middle class neighborhood doesn't change this. For academic jobs, 7 page resumes for entry level positions are not uncommon. They have stuff like this: Prizes: 1. Best (and only) dissertation, 2005 ... 12. 6'th grade spelling bee champion Employment: Teaching Assistant , Hicksville College Assisted in the teaching of a variety of courses, including Calculus 1, Calculus 2, Calculus 3, Differential Equations, Discrete Math and Precalculus. My teaching style reflects my commitment to diversity, technology in the classroom, helping my slowest students succeed and making sure the strongest are challenged. In addition to teaching, I held office hours to assist students in learning material they had not mastered in class. Additionally, I graded homework and exams and tracked the grades using Microsoft Excel. I was also responsible for writing Excel macros to add up the grades. Instructor , Hicksville College ... (Note: that part about excel macros isn't an exaggeration.) The outcome for morningside heights is positive, but I see no reason to believe it is related to Columbia. Columbia didn't improve morningside, Rudy+good economy improved all of NYC. As for the work skills of the poor, there are 7.7 million working poor, compared to 24.2 million poor adults. "Working poor" == "in the labor force (working or seeking work) 27 weeks/year or more". So less than 1/3 of poor adults spent at even half the year working or trying to work. As for children, it may or may not help. It's not obvious to me that a good school can overcome the effects of a bad parent. Sources for my figures: http://www.bls.gov/cps/cpswp2005.pdf http://www.childrensdefense.org/site/DocServer/2006-SUM.pdf?... (Yes, I subtracted 2006 numbers from 2005 numbers, but I expect they didn't change much between years.) Run on dirt (except very flat dirt) and you mess up your ankles. >What doesn't have an exam? Entry level office job. B.A. or B.S. required. It would be nice to have a GEBA, just like we have a GED. Additionally, you can't take many of the exams you just mentioned without a degree. I.e. the degree and the exams are still married, the exam is just standardized. The rust belt was not sustainable. From about 1945 until the 70's, the US had an unfair competitive advantage over the rest of the world: our industrial capacity wasn't blown up. This led to an artificially large manufacturing sector in the US (we were exporting goods to the rest of the world). Once they fully recovered (roughly the 70's), there was no need for this. If you want to bring back the rust belt, you'll probably need to start a large war in Europe and Asia... It's probably worth clarifying this, the basic idea is relatively simple (if you know calculus). Consider the curve x=y^2. This curve is just a parabola, rotated 90 degrees clockwise, and is completely smooth. No angles, no jumps, no nothing. You can parameterize this curve in the following way: (x(t),y(t))=(t, sqrt(t)) This coordinate system is singular at t=0: sqrt(t) has no derivative there. But the curve itself is smooth. This is the type of singularity Einstein et al found. In this simple example the singularity can be removed with the parameterization (t^2,t). A standard result of GR (I think Tipler proved it) says that gravitational waves always have this type of singularity. But it's really not a physical singularity, since you can change it's location by changing coordinates. Side note: I was always amused by the fact that they won't let you rent a car until you are old enough to drink. I have many of these traits. I offer the following strong suggestion to others in this boat: treat these traits as character flaws and attempt to mitigate them. About 2 years into grad school is where they started to really hurt me. I can't absorb many details verbally, and this never hurt me in classes. When doing research, however, many ideas concerning the details existed only in my mind or my adviser's mind. Mundane details also became extremely important, and finishing projects is crucial. General suggestion: be active about organization. Some specific suggestions: Use source control for ALL projects, and follow "best practices." It's a matter of personal discipline as much as a way to go back in time. Track your projects/tasks/subtasks: I like http://www.rememberthemilk.com , but a small notebook would probably be sufficient. Pick a task you are doing right now , focus on that 100%, cross it off when finished. Pick the next task, do that 100%. For all projects, specify an end point, or at least a point at which one stops to reevaluate. The good news: if I could improve myself in this regard, anyone can. Team sports or (para)military training. This happened to me recently. Girlfriend: Hey, why are you calling $(other girl I didn't date about 5 years ago)? I found her number in your recent calls. Me: Um, we are having lunch today, remember? Her: Aha! 1-2 days before this: Me: Hey, do you remember where that brunch place with potato chip nachos is? I'm going out with $(other girl) this weekend, and that place was good. Her: OMFG, a new facebook activity! What you said might be true for "meat markets" and frat boys involved in contests to see who can bag the most chicks. But that's not all there is to casual sex. Even in meat markets, the "currency" is usually fun, not status. You realize girls like sex too, right? Most casual sex is not cold and impersonal. In my experience, it is usually between friends with some kind of emotional connection (just not necessarily a romantic one). Sometimes with people we could be monogamous with, but at a different time/situation (e.g., she was 10 years younger). Sometimes you just want to express your feelings physically ("a hug without clothes" is a term I've heard), or perhaps it's just a moment/situation you want to enjoy. One example: imagine playing ultimate frisbee and having total synergy with a girl on your team, leading to utter pwnage. After the game, you two are still in sync and hopped up on adrenalin, and fun ensues. That's hardly the status seeking meet market you describe, but it is casual sex. Do you also object to casual sex of this nature? Incidentally, concerning self esteem and casual sex, have you considered that it might be low self esteem leading to casual sex rather than the other way around? I rent, so it doesn't seem fair to me. I lose while foreign banks and homeowners gain. Does anyone know which plugins he is describing? In particular, I'm interested in his better book search plugin. I tried ido a few times, but never really liked it. I felt like it was jumping ahead of me, often in directions I didn't want to go. I like Icicles much better. It offers lots of features like ido, but I actually need to press a key before they happen. http://www.emacswiki.org/cgi-bin/wiki/Icicles What treatable diseases are poor/middle-class people dying of, that could be prevented by socialism? Smoking, obesity, drug use, and general poor lifestyle also correlate highly negatively with income, and can increase infant mortality. Being a Black American correlates negatively with income, and positively with low birth weight and infant mortality (note that Black Americans have an infant mortality rate of 16/1000, vs about 7/1000 among White Americans). With such large confounding factors, how can you draw the conclusion you seem to be implying? I don't think that table means what you think it means. Table 10 on page 200 measures "attainment", which is something along the lines of (actual health improvements due to health care) / (best possible health improvements given spending level). That's a very different quantity than quality of care, which is what the original poster was talking about. (It's actually more complicated, education levels are somehow worked in and details are described elsewhere.) Rankings and indices are great, but it helps to know what you are actually ranking. All this really means is that preferences are transitive. I.e., if I prefer a puppy to a wii, and prefer a wii to cabbage, then I prefer a puppy to cabbage. That's not an unreasonable assumption. It's an easy topology exercise to prove that if preferences are transitive, then a utility function exists (I think you may also need to assume a countable number of goods/services). not very bright people could pull 4.0s and have good 'leadership' experience by gaming the system. Many college admins view this as a feature, not a bug. I've met a few, they tend to be that type of person themselves. It's a natural human trait to try to raise the status of people like yourself. Incidentally, I went from about 1250 to 1450 with a couple months of prep (no classes, just some books). I'd be curious if you know of good statistics out there. Saute mushrooms, with rosemary, garlic, onion, red pepper, salt and black pepper (to taste). Serve over couscous with yogurt (I recommend full fat stonyfield farms yogurt). Variations: add sundried tomato to mushrooms. Pasta with red sauce. Red sauce: saute garlic and a small onion. Add tomato puree (2 big cans), fresh basil (1 plant, break leaves off, wash, chop), garlic (saute first, then add tomato), oregano, parsley, salt and pepper (to taste). Variations: add some cream and vodka to red sauce, gets you pink sauce. Another good pasta sauce: saute garlic and onion in butter, then add heavy cream. When that heats up, add grated cheese (parmesan or swiss), salt and pepper (to taste), and possibly 1-2 tablespoons of flour (to thicken). You can also add sun dried tomato (saute it with the garlic), or cherry tomato (add it at the very end). This video changed my life: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dU_B3QNu_Ks In fact, just youtube Gordon Ramsey, Alton Brown, Jamie Oliver, etc, for good ideas. A friend of mine calls it "building agreement". He uses it in a rather different context. Him: I like moby. Cute girl in record store looking at a Moby CD: Yeah, he's way cool. I saw him in concert recently. ... Him: I also like puppies, especially when you scratch their tummy, and their leg shakes. Girl: Oh, I love puppies too! And kitties! ... Him: So, I gotta run, but it was real nice to meet you. Oh, before I leave, remind me your phone number so we can hang out sometime? I'll say the same thing I said when it was Obama vs Hillary. I'd rather have a stupid, inexperienced, incompetent friend than a smart, experienced, highly skilled enemy. I would much prefer to see Palin fail miserably at reducing corruption than see Biden successfully reduce civil liberties (for those unfamiliar with Biden's record, http://news.yahoo.com/s/cnet/20080824/tc_cnet/83011357831002... ). While this topic tends to attract ridiculous, poorly thought out articles, this one is the worst I've seen so far. From the article: "Everybody has a browser, but women may have less control over what equipment and software they use, especially as beginners" "Artificial distinctions like “Turing-completeness” are a silly way to divide the world" And my absolute favorite: "Emphasize community process over manufacturing products" Turn a a software project into a social event. That's sure to attract women. It won't create software, but at least women will be involved. It's difficult to tell how much of this is a calibration effect. The fundamental problem is measurement, which is usually some variant of: "On a scale of 1-10, how happy are you?" I have no clue what the difference between 3, 5 and 7 is. Neither do villagers in New Guinea. So I (and I suspect most people) look around me, assume the typical person is a 5, then rate myself accordingly (I don't have a Wii, therefore I'm a 4). You are really measuring a weird combination of happiness, and what the typical person thinks a "6 out of 10" actually means. Basically, most happiness research is BS. >It's actually driving the middle class out of existence, and I would say at that point the wealth isn't being distributed evenly enough. I think you are using the term "middle class" in an atypical way. Consider a person who has "a car, air conditioning, a refrigerator, a stove, a clothes washer and dryer, and a microwave. He has two color televisions, cable or satellite TV reception, a VCR or DVD player, and a stereo. He is able to obtain medical care. His home is in good repair and is not overcrowded...his family is not hungry and he had sufficient funds in the past year to meet his family's essential needs" Would you categorize this person as middle class? I think most people would (I certainly do). (If not, please explain.) It turns out the person I just described is the median poor American. Everyone is now middle class, even the poor. http://www.heritage.org/Research/Welfare/bg1713.cfm Did anyone notice the title of the bailout? "To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide earnings assistance and tax relief to members of the uniformed services, volunteer firefighters, and Peace Corps volunteers, and for other purposes " I think the real reason it failed is that they didn't title it "Flags for Orphans and other stuff". >wasn't making bushel barrels of money for the people who helped keep a certain political party in power for most of this last decade, that it would have been allowed to remain? Exactly right. Bush did try to push some sort of regulatory scheme back in 2003 which may have prevented some of this, but a certain political party prevented it. "Significant details must still be worked out before Congress can approve a bill. Among the groups denouncing the proposal today were the National Association of Home Builders and Congressional Democrats who fear that tighter regulation of the companies could sharply reduce their commitment to financing low-income and affordable housing." http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9E06E3D6123BF... The difficulty in this situation is that the Dems had a lot to gain by opposing regulation, while Republicans would gain very little by pushing it. So why waste political capital? Also, think about the narrative: Anti-regulation: We want to help low income and minority homeowners. Pro-regulation: We need to reduce lending to higher risk borrowers because someday in the future, house prices might not go up, and that would be bad because [insert all sorts of technical words here]. Quite right. To put this into concrete terms, we still have all the food we can eat, adequate medical care, enough homes to house everyone, assorted consumer goods that make us happy, and the means to produce all of these as needed. The crash of the financial markets has not reduced the production capacity of any of these goods or services. There will still be enough of them, only the dollar values attached will be different. In contrast, during the great depression, lots of actual physical wealth was destroyed. Various other policies reduced production capacity, most notably the NRA and Smoot Hawley. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dust_Bowl http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Recovery_Administratio... Certainly, the transition from bad to good investments will hurt. I didn't mean to imply that it wouldn't. But what you are describing is a normal recession. The only reason the economy even contracts in a recession is because it takes time for the new projects to ramp up. Once they do, things return to normal. In material terms, we lose some half built houses because no one wants to live in them. I.e., we have more stuff than we need. The depression was much worse. We lost production capacity in a time when people were going hungry. That is, we had less stuff than we needed. Scarcity is far worse than surplus. This already happens. Remember how, around 2000, we went from budget "surpluses" (based on projections which assumed the .com bubble would never burst) to deficits almost immediately? Notice how we are bailing out the financial industry, in an effort to postpone problems? (I don't think anyone really believes the bailout will prevent a recession, though it might postpone it.) The housing bubble, generally thought to have begun in 1997, would not have occurred without the wars in Afghanistan (2001-present) and Iraq (2003-present)? Ok. Further info: an article listing the goods and services the poor tend to have access to. Not bad at all. http://www.heritage.org/Research/Welfare/bg1713.cfm Not quite, a syndrome is a set of correlated symptoms. Basically, consider the sumptoms of deafness, impotence and tingling in the hands and feet (D, I and T). Suppose that deafness, impotence and tingling are all independent of each other (P(D | I) = P(D)). In this case, there is no syndrome. If, however, they are strongly correlated(P(D | I) >> P(D)), we have a syndrome. Basically, "deaf and impotent provides no information about tingling" == no syndrome. "Deaf and impotent implies a high probability of tingling" == syndrome. Opportunity costs are lower. If the economy were good, the opportunity cost of building a startup would be a high paying job as a quant. Since it's bad, all I'm missing out on is a shot at postdoc #2 or a faculty position. This is very good advice, but mainly for people who are already in shape. However, this set of articles seems targeted at couch potatoes. You can't get started doing much of anything until you can do the basics: a 4 mile run, 20 pushups, 60 situps, 5 pullups and 50% bodyweight squats (less upper body for girls, I guess). Once you get to that point, optimize for bodybuilding, powerlifting, etc. But reaching that basic level of fitness will be the same for any sport. By the way, here is a very good document on reaching that basic level of fitness: http://sill-www.army.mil/bolc2/FM%2021-20%20 (PT).pdf This looks like a perfect thread to ask a real question that's been on my mind: How do you write a business plan? More specifically, what are the conventions (format, language to use, etc) for writing one which will be shown to potential investors? Just to clarify, there is a simple general principle at work: the government should provide only public goods (1). The main dispute among libertarians is which goods qualify as public goods (e.g., is fire protection public or private?). (1) A public good is one that is non-rivalrous and non-exclusive. Protection from commies is a public good (a dead commie isn't robbing you or me). Cheese fries are not (every fry I eat is one you can't). Just a note, there is a python library implementing something very similar to this. It's quite nice, I use it regularly. http://code.enthought.com/projects/traits/ I believe it, having done something similar. I got 2 degrees after spending 2 years at a 4 year college (plus 1 year at community college, I assume this is similar to his AP credit). It's not as hard as you think. Math and computer science (or math and physics, in my case) have a lot of overlap. Intro courses (Calc 1-4, Physics 1-2, Chem 1-2, English 1-2, etc) are identical. Do a couple of course substitutions (Functional Analysis and Complex Variables == Math Methods for Physics Pt 1&2), and the work might only be 25% more. For me, 1 degree was 120 credits, 2 degrees was 150. Another trick is to jump right into advanced courses. Quantum mechanics + organic chemistry (8 credits) is a lot of work. Quantum mechanics + organic chemistry + Chem 101 + Intro to Probability (16 credits) not double the work. In QM you derive energy levels for the Bohr atom, in Chem 101 you memorize them. 40 credits probably means 12 credits worth of difficult classes, and a bunch more where he shows up for tests and maybe crams for an hour beforehand. Indeed, all sorts of faith healing (homeopathy, Jesus-powered medicine, crystal energies, etc) would be useful in this regard. Faith healing has the advantages of being cheap and free of side effects. Medicine has the advantage that it sometimes works. For the cases when medicine doesn't work, faith healing wins. It's cheaper, and equally effective. Of course, it will never happen, due to irrational faith in doctors. Robin Hanson is an interesting read on this topic. http://www.overcomingbias.com/2008/05/faith-in-docs.html http://www.overcomingbias.com/2007/05/rand_health_ins.html In what capitalist/mostly capitalist system have the poor gotten poorer? Certainly, the rich may get rich faster than the poor, but that's far from the same thing. Our immigration policies do suck, but doing it from India isn't a bad idea at all. Low living costs + same amount of money = longer runway, employees are cheaper, he gets all the purported benefits of outsourcing. Plus, stevesmith has plenty of local knowledge (being Indian), so he can avoid most of the pitfalls of outsourcing. Seriously, give it some thought. Once you get rich, immigration to the US should be no problem. The parallel is pretty weak. Publicly funded education is for children , while publicly funded health care would be delivered to adults. We also consider preventing sex with children to be a legitimate function of the government, while preventing sex with adults is a matter of personal privacy. The syntax changes are a very minor part of what "fixing" CL/Scheme means. Clojure makes some serious semantic changes. For instance, data structures are immutable (not setq). If you need state, you have to use the software transactional memory system. These two features combine to make Clojure very safe for concurrency. Clojure also uses sequences as it's primary object, which are more like "immutable" python generators than lisp lists. Take a closer look, Clojure is actually quite nice. Childrens health is a major responsibility of government. If a parent fails to keep their child healthy, this is child neglect, and the government steps in (often removing the child from the care of his/her parents). If a parent cannot afford medical care for their children, the government will pay. There may be administrative differences between specific government programs in education and health care, but there is little public opposition to either one. >In any case, we're talking about the exceptional students, so racial averages are irrelevant to the conversation. Nonsense. Assume intellect is normally distributed, with equal sigma to simplify things (1). Assume a racial difference in mean of 0.5 sigma, then 2.2% of the higher intellect group will be 2sigma beyond the (high intellect) mean, while 0.6% of the lower intellect group will reach this level. This difference grows exponentially when we consider more exceptional people (2). (1) Between males and females, sigma is not equal. Men have higher sigma, as Larry Summers famously hypothesized. (2) To see this, write out the CDF for a normal distribution and use the asymptotic expansion for erf. The rate of growth is (smarter group's mean - dumber group's mean)/sigma^2. 2 pages is fine. Just don't try to puff it up with irrelevant crap to inflate the page count. Awards: - Math genius prize at University - ... - 8th grade spelling bee champion (One notable exception: if you're in academics, long CVs are considered better than short. Academia is not the real world.) Actually, that isn't strictly true. A short academic CV can stand out. As one interviewer said to me, "your CV had no BS on it." A CV should only be long if your list of publications is (though of course, it will be longer than a resume, since it must include this list). If I didn't have to work tonight, I'd dress like a Ruby programmer going to a job interview: http://incredimazing.com/static/media/2008/03/24/6fee530ffd1... It looks like a nice book. My only criticism after a quick skim is that it seems to neglect stability issues (condition numbers, etc). I realize that that is technically linear analysis (and nearly all textbooks neglect it), but it still belongs in any intro book. He touches on it slightly on page 68, but inadequately in my view. The issue is not that it's hard to program, but that the problem of ill-conditioned matrices is fundamentally hard. Nevertheless, I like this book. I'll strongly consider using it in the event I teach linear algebra. Who will enforce the contract? You might want to look slightly outside the Neuroscience department. Math and CS departments also do quite a bit of computational neuroscience. Here at NYU, we've got at least 5 computational neuroscience people within the courant institute (math+CS depts), and there are several more in the actual neuroscience department. Plus we have a computational biology Ph.D. program within cims. I know Rutgers has the BioMAPS computational biology program, and I think princeton has something similar. Not just social expectation (many would do it if there were no observers), but also increasing self satisfaction. Most people, myself included, derive utility from the belief that they are a good person. The physical mechanism is that quantum mechanics governs a probability distribution (the "wave" in "wave-particle duality") on configuration space , not "physical" space. Imagine you have two particles in 1 space dimension. The first particle has a position x (1 real number), the second particle has a position y (1 real number). "Physical space" would be the set of real numbers (R^1), while configuration space is the set of pairs of real numbers (x,y) (this set is R^2). The first number in the pair represents the position of particle 1, the second the position of particle 2. An entangled state is simply a probability distribution on R^2 which is not a product state (i.e. P(x,y) != P_1(x) P_2(y)). This means that knowledge of the position of particle 1 gives you (possibly incomplete) information about the position of particle 2. One example of this is "probability 1/2 that x=0, y=0, 1/2 that x=1, y=1". The minute you know x, you know y. That's what entanglement is. What makes it weird is the idea that "knowing x" (measuring it) changes things. An explanation of this is trickier. Still understandable in principle (not just 'follow the math'), but too long for this post. I'd say trust your intuition more than the math, but I'm more physicist than mathematician. To prove Banach-Tarski, you need to assume Zermelo-Frankel set theory (just ordinary set theory) plus the uncountable axiom of choice. In my view, this means the uncountable axiom of choice is false. This actually breaks far less than you would expect. For most practical purposes, you only need the countable axiom of choice, which is the intuitively reasonable version. The main thing the loss of the uncountable version breaks is the Hahn-Banach theorem on spaces of dimension higher than countable infinity. This in turn breaks quantum field theory on free space (not in a box), but that's broken anyway. I'll come out of the closet: I'm a Republican. [Note: this post is poorly written from here on. Ignore it. I feel like fixing it would be rude to the responder, since it would make his post look nonsensical.] Not going to vote tomorrow, though. My feeling is that more voters gives the process legitimacy, and I don't want to contribute that. Sorry, my statement was poorly written, a weird agglomeration of the two thoughts running through my head at the time I wrote it. My bad. Let me fix: >Not going to vote tomorrow, though. My feeling is that more voters gives the winner legitimacy and a mandate, and since I hate the winner, I don't want to do that. Anyway, I affiliate myself with the republicans because I agree with a many of their (old school, not Bush-era) positions. I also tend to vote republican in local races since NY/NJ democrats are hopelessly corrupt. However, since I now live in Harlem, even voting in local races is pointless. Obama grassroots? I don't think you are using the term correctly. It doesn't just mean "has popular support". Grassroots, as I understand it, is when the movement is not orchestrated, but just springs up around the politician. Ron Paul and Huckabee certainly qualify, but I don't see how Obama does. If this person's parents had more than the median income, they almost certainly paid enough in taxes to cover their child's education. They probably also paid for his/her health care. The value provided by the government is merely the sum of all taxes paid - overhead/waste/corruption. Some people (the rich) get less back than they put in, some (the poor) get back more than they put in. So anyone who is sufficiently rich (1) has probably already repaid any debt they owed to society, and can legitimately secede. (1) I ignore for the moment people who got rich from rent seeking, e.g. defense contractors, trial lawyers or members of public sector unions. You are surprised probably because you either do not understand their position or do not believe they honestly hold that view. Abortion opponents tend to believe unborn babies are living humans. This implies abortion is the murder of a baby. Hence, legalized abortion is enabling the murder of millions, i.e. genocide. Is it really surprising that people consider genocide here in America to be a larger issue than the economy? Note: I'm not going to argue this idea one way or the other, no one will change their mind. Just pointing out that if you understand the logic of abortion opponents, a fanatical opposition to abortion is quite understandable. I'll ignore the insults, and actually address the question: why am I not working on the water problem? First, the "water problem" is solved. It is well known how to produce and deliver clean water. Proof: 5 billion people on earth DO have clean water. So, if the water problem is solved, why doesn't everyone have clean water? There is a politics and corruption problem. If I were to attempt to deliver clean water to, e.g., Darfur, the Janjaweed (1) would try to kill me. In Nigeria, they would eat my dollars. I'd love to help. But I'm an physicist, not a cop. I don't know how to police corruption in Zimbabwe, or make it socially unacceptable to take bribes. So instead, I focus on problems where I actually can come up with a solution. (1) For those unfamiliar with the situation, Janjaweed are basically an Arab version of the Nazi's. No, Godwin's law doesn't apply here. I'd let Ron Paul remove my appendix. The rule is simple: only on the ass and never in anger. Nonsense. Islam is evangelical; if you follow the 5 tenets, you are Muslim regardless of lineage. This is the same rule as most variants of Christianity, including the one Obama practices. Scientifically, we should do exactly what we are doing. Run models, speculate wildly, compare to experiments where feasible. But "the best we can do" may not be very good; from what little I've seen, it is not very good in this case. Climate models ignore a lot of physics, make many assumptions (e.g., scale separation to reduce degrees of freedom, and even the existence of a deterministic "thermodynamic" limit), and have large numbers of unknown parameters. These parameters are usually chosen simply to make the model fit the climate record, but fitting a highly complex model to a small data set proves very little. The word "overfit" immediately springs to mind. I'll grant you that some climate skeptics are liars, and many exaggerate their claims. Some environmentalists are liars and exaggerate their claims too, that's an inevitable result of politics. But reasonable skeptics such as Crichton (and Dyson) make one very modest claim: we don't understand climate very well at all. In simple terms, this bound tells us that the probability that aliens exist lies somewhere in [0,1]. Dani, I understand that all fields of science (except those snobs in string theory) must use models. But not all models can be reasonably tested. I trust the Bernoulli model across a certain parameter range because it has been carefully tested in more than one controlled experiments. However, suppose the Bernoulli model was based solely on one experiment: a videotape of a large body, of mostly known shape, traveling through a fluid of unknown density and viscosity. Now some guys just built a glider. Do you want to pilot the glider off a cliff? Note: I'm only applying the same level of skepticism to climate science that I do to astrophysics or economics. I take descriptions of the internal structure of the sun with a similar grain of salt; they are a good educated guess, but I'm not going to make claims like "95% certain." Incidentally, I don't think anyone really trusts the models. If the models are as accurate as claimed, then we should be open to the idea of geoengineering. If we can accurately pinpoint the effect of CO2 among other forcings, we can predict the results of any reasonable forcing. Injecting sulfur dioxide into the stratsophere is a short term solution: http://climate.envsci.rutgers.edu/pdf/GeoengineeringJGR9inPr... If the models are accurate, all we need to do is run some simulations to figure out which geoengineering scheme is optimal. If the cost of geoengineering Of course, if one brings up such possibilities, environmentalists will deride them as "playing god", and point out that "who knows what will happen?" But that's silly; the models are either accurate or not. By the way, I think you might be using the existence of nutty and incorrect skeptics as a straw man. There are wacko environmentalists out there too: notice the opposition to nuclear energy. But this doesn't make environmentalism crazy, just a few of it's proponents. But Dani, if the model is accurate enough to determine that warming is caused primarily by anthropogenic carbon, then it must also be accurate enough to correctly identify and estimate all other effects. After all, if we can't estimate them, how can we rule them out? Perhaps the models are only valid in regions of phase space we have already visited, but in that case the model has little predictive power! We have a theory which fits some data from one experiment, and has no predictive power. Sounds like little more than a complex data fit to me. Incidentally, sulfur has been tested for small magnitude changes; Pinatubo provides a natural experiment. Anyway, I'm not trying to push any geoengineering scheme. I don't think we can accurately predict the effects of such things. But then again, I also don't think we can accurately predict what the earth's temperature would have been absent human intervention. I'm just pointing out the fundamental point: if we understand climate well enough to determine the exact cause of a small change (which I don't believe we do), we also understand it well enough for geoengineering. But most people don't actually believe we can do geoengineering, even if they do believe AGW is proven. As for Tim Ball, my bad. Didn't notice that. I suspect it's less by muscle, and more by social pressure. Don't underestimate the desire to conform. This isn't the whole picture. It's hard to burn 500 calories via exercise. However, muscle burns calories even at rest. And building muscle requires calories. Over the past two months, I've done little exercise besides weight lifting, and dramatically increased my eating. I've had no noticeable increase in fat, though my weight almost certainly went up. Indeed, imagine if Nixon launched Project Independence , a "Manhattan Project" for clean energy, with the goal of achieving energy self-sufficiency by 1980. Imagine he launched this sometime around, I dunno, November 7, 1973. Just think where we might be today! http://www.energy.gov/about/timeline1971-1980.htm Amusingly enough, the actual Manhattan Project did give us a clean source of energy. We just don't want to use it. Lets not use euphemisms, especially oxymoronic ones like "compulsory volunteerism." It's forced labor. We should not call it anything but what it is. Pointing out bad things about Obama's policies is one thing. But if you replace "policies" with "skin color", then you would be a super crazy racist! http://www.qwantz.com/archive/001339.html His "tax cuts" to 95% of tax-filers is even more interesting when only about 60% of tax filers actually pay taxes. True, neither multiverse theory nor a singleverse theory can be proven. But both are scientific in the sense that they (sort of) predict the structure of our universe. The question then becomes how to select one of the theories. Occams razor provides little help, since both theories are similarly complex, so one possible way to select a theory is to use Bayes rule. I'll sketch this reasoning: The laws of physics are governed by equations which output only a probability distribution P(x) for various quantities (positions of particles, the values of certain fundamental constants). (Note: I really don't understand any of this stuff well, so if someone (Dani?) with better knowledge can correct me or clarify, I'd love to see it.) In a single-universe theory (SUT), one postulates that a particular x is selected, at random, relative to P(x) dx. In this theory, it is highly unlikely that the universe can support life (or at least life like us). In a multiverse theory (MUT), one postulates that all x are selected in parallel. In this case, our particular x will be chosen ; the fact that we live in a good universe is not luck, merely natural selection. So the probability we exist is close to 1. Both these theories are more or less equally "simple" (think Kolmogorov complexity), so let us assume they each "occur" with the same or similar "probability" (i.e., p(SUT)=p(MUT)=1/2). Then we use Bayes rule: p(SUT | we exist) = p(we exist | SUT) p(SUT) / p(we exist) = (really freakin low) (1/2) / (1/2+really freakin low) = (unlikely) p(MUT | we exist) = p(we exist | MUT) p(MUT) / p(we exist) = (almost 1) (1/2) / (1/2 + really freakin low) = (highly likely) So multiverse theory is more "probable" than single universe theory. This remains true even if you wildly alter the complexity of competing theories, e.g. p(SUT)/p(MUT) = 1e6. It's true, we can never falsify SUT or MUT relative to each other. But we can make educated guesses as to which one is more "probable". And yes, this is pretty sketchy, hence my use of scare quotes everywhere. But it's the best we can do right now. Note: I computed p(we exist) = p(MUT)p(we exist | MUT) + p(SUT)p(we exist) = (1/2) 1 + (1/2)(really freakin low). [edit: just curious why I'm being downmodded. Not begging for upmods, I'm honestly curious. Did I make a mistake here?] Both theories are testable. They both (sort of) successfully predict the structure of the universe, up to some parameter choices (e.g., fine structure constant). There are ways to falsify both theories simultaneously since they make nearly the same predictions, we just don't have ways to falsify one but not the other. The question is 'absent plausible experiments, how do we choose between single and multiple universes?' And that is done using occams razor; the 'simpler' or 'more probable' theory is chosen, for a somewhat (but not completely) arbitrary definition of 'simpler'. Occams razor is a philosophical point, as is (to some extent) your definition of 'simpler'. I thought I was careful to highlight those points. I was merely trying to explain the reasoning multiverse theory, but in a less vague manner than the article did (I trust most of HN to know Bayes rule). Incidentally, this thread is bringing out behavior which is weird for HN. Someone downmodded your comment, also for reasons which are completely inscrutable to me. Compensation for teachers is fantastic, as long as you compare it properly to compensation for other workers. To begin with, multiply by (12 months worked by others)/(9 months worked by teachers). Then add in the value of the state health plan, usually fantastic. Then add in the real value of a defined benefit pension plan (chances are you only get a defined contribution plan) available in most states. Then add in the value of tenure, which I'll tentatively estimate as effectively doubling the salary (1). All that is actually pretty good for a group of people who tend to come from the bottom of the barrel cognitively ( http://www.ncsu.edu/chass/philo/GRE%20Scores%20by%20Intended... ). The idea that teachers are underpaid is a myth propagated by teachers unions and their lackeys in the media. (1) Many tenured professors could easily double their salary by quitting, but choose not to. Reasons (4) and (5) are not necessarily a failure of the institution. If a student likes dinosaur bones more than ODEs after being exposed to both , how is that a failure at all? Students may have an incorrect idea of either science or their personal preferences, and college may correct these views. That's a good thing. Another fact to note: I don't see "I'm not smart/hardworking enough to be an engineer" as even an option. It would be interesting to know what fraction of students flunked out or were barely able to avoid this fate. Plus, I'm highly suspicious of the quality of this study. The authors appear to be morons: ...only the difference on the seventh ranked reason... was statistically significant (p=.019). ... However, another [statistically insignificant ] difference worth noting is... It's certainly questionable, I didn't mean to imply it was more than a rough guess. It's true, professor jobs at research universities have an "interestingness" premium, so part of the multiple comes from that. On the other hand, lack of external employment options makes tenure MORE valuable, since it raises the risk premium the teacher would demand to quit the tenured job. Since my financial math is rusty, I won't try to compute the actuarial values of these revenue streams, however. Just thought I'd mention that `ipython -pylab` exists. It's a fantastic python repl (tab completion, all that nice stuff) which integrates nicely with matplotlib/numpy. Matlab does have one advantage, though: scientific library support. Need neural networks, TV based image processing algorithms or something else similarly specialized? Matlab wins. It has other flaws as well. The most obvious flaw: a "living wage" should be the same in areas within short commuting distance of one another. Just live in whichever place is cheaper. An example: Living wage in New York City is $7.72, while that in Jersey City or Hoboken is $11.28; the main difference is rent ($484 in New York, $884 in Jersey). So a person making only $8/hour in Jersey City can simply live in New York City and commute (the exact opposite of what people do in real life). Another flaw is that their costs for rent are a load of crap. Out of the 5 cities I feel qualified to comment on (NYC, Jersey City, Hoboken, New Brunswick and Union City), and only one (Jersey City) was remotely accurate. [Edit: another serious flaw I just noticed is child care for 2 adults, 1-2 children. If we talk about the "living wage" for one adult, the other adult can provide child care for free. Or each adult need only make "living wage"/2.] They can live someplace nearby and commute. According to google maps, it takes 34 minutes to get from Compton (a cheap area, if rap songs are accurate) to Beverly Hills. There are probably other cheap areas not legendary for breeding hard soldiers, I just don't know the west coast at all. http://maps.google.com/maps?f=d&hl=en&geocode=&s... On the east coast, Jersey/Brooklyn/LI to Manhattan is equally reasonable. Translation: "I want to jump on the cloaking bandwagon. But I'm a BEC guy. I know, matter wave cloaking!" The problem timr was describing is that Beverly Hills needs some low skill workers. I'm sure sufficiently many low skill workers have cars/bus passes to meet the needs of Beverly Hills. I'm not a fan of car culture either. I'm just pointing out that a "living wage" in beverly hills can't be more than a "living wage" in Compton + cost of commuting. Incidentally, the market adjusts wages in exactly that way: the 50'th st Qdoba in Manhattan pays a couple bucks more/hour than the Hoboken Qdoba. Most likely there is a similar wage premium to work in Beverly Hills. It's also completely useless for the police to carry weapons. After all, the best we can possibly hope for is that they might shoot someone's bullet in mid air. Therefore, I propose we stop giving weapons to the police as a cost saving measure. Maybe you felt safer, but the numbers suggest your feelings were incorrect. http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/news/798708/posts Note: I realize the US has high murder rates. Murder rates are not indicative of general safety, since most murders consist of one crook killing another. To put a face on it, think Tony Soprano or Stringer Bell taking out the competition. Most robberies (at least those reported in crime statistics) consist of a criminal robbing a civilian. If an hour of negotiation gives you $5k more money per year, you just got (effectively) $5k for an hour of work. I don't agree. Lots of proofs are irreducibly ugly, even when the idea behind them is simple. Just too many edge cases and details. Automatic proof systems can avoid this. I think of it much like garbage collection and higher order functions. The machine code of a garbage collected program might be messier than a manually managed one. But python code is prettier than c code. I actually suspect the second situation won't happen for a long time. My guess is that we will instead have proof assistants . Basically, what will happen is that a human will come up with the big idea which motivates the proof, and will direct the proof assistant through the details. I'm thinking something along the lines of Isabelle or Coq + ProofGeneral, except of course much better. Lesson for startup founders: your competition built the prototype first. Maybe you should still keep going forward, if you expect to have a solid competitive advantage? Palish has some useful advice: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=365962 Also, consider that if that German hadn't invented the automobile, Ford still would have. i.e. Ford wasn't inspired by that German, because he was already working on an automobile. His autobiography is very good: http://www.gutenberg.org/dirs/etext05/hnfrd10.txt* Statistics FAIL. >Yet women have achieved broad parity with men in almost every other technical pursuit. When all science and engineering fields are considered, the percentage of bachelor’s degree recipients who are women has improved to 51 percent in 2004-5 from 39 percent in 1984-85, Women have achieved "broad parity" in one other science and engineering field: biology (pre-med). This accounts for a large number of bachelors degrees in science , but it does not account for a large number of technical pursuits . (Actually, women also make up a largish chunk of math majors at schools which don't offer math education as a separate degree. ) CS looks a lot like most other math heavy science fields, like physics, electrical/mechanical engineering and operations research. I didn't misinterpret. "Dumb people don't know they are dumb" is an idea I think most of us hold (or held before reading this). [insert reference to pg essay/xkcd here]. This article discusses that idea. The second sentence of the title suggests there is more (or less) to it than we previously thought. A more accurate title ("All are skill unaware") would be harder to mentally classify. I thought the idea in the blog post was important enough that a small amount of inaccuracy was justified. Speculators are transmitting information about future prices to the present, which is a useful thing to do. For instance, after Katrina and various other oil shocks, speculators sent oil prices up in anticipation of shortages. This sent consumers the message: "please use less oil right now." Usually, this is a good thing, though collective insanity ("house prices never go down!" or "it's a new economy, earnings don't matter!") can cause problems. The difference is the following. As a fast typist using emacs, code simply flows from my brain to the compiler. I think it, things compile, I see the results. My conscious brain is 100% focused on my code, it's almost like a direct brain computer connection. Lately I've suffered from RSI. The pain is no biggie, but it forces me to consciously focus on typing. When this occurs, I lose the (almost) direct direct brain computer connection. The fact that 15% of my brain is focused on typing without pain lowers my productivity significantly. It's not a matter of speed being a bottleneck, it's a matter of context switching. Switching context makes me lose focus. Fast, unconscious typing: Code -> program results -> code -> program results -> woohoo, it works! Thinking about typing: Code -> typing -> program results -> code -> typing -> "Mmm, pad thai, so yummy." -> "Where was I?" -> code -> program results -> code -> typing -> "I don't know her name, but I think I'm in love with record store girl." -> "where was I?" -> "She has the nicest smile when I buy music she likes." Why are we posting articles from Rense? It's a known nutjob conspiracy site: "Fort Stockton, Texas - A Football Field Sized Boomerang Shaped UFO" http://www.rense.com/general76/footufo.htm "War On Iran: The Perfect Storm From Hell" http://www.rense.com/general82/perf.htm "Need A Cooker? Use Your Cell Phone" (Describes using a cell phone to cook an egg.) http://www.rense.com/general72/cellcook.htm "Rense UFO DataPage" http://www.rense.com/ufo/ufo.htm Not just the metrocard, also a photo. Timeline: Bus to "Payomatic". Buddy cashes check, photograph taken, Jones visible in background of photo. Subway to girlfriend. So everything fits. The truly scary part of the story: During the interrogation, he said, it occurred to him that he had used his MetroCard on the bus and the subway, and he asked the police to check it. A detective took the card briefly, and then gave it back to him, and there was no further discussion about the card, he said. Statistics FAIL. >So, here is the question: do SATs predict graduation rates more accurately than high school grade-point averages? That's only relevant if colleges plan to ignore GPA in favor of SAT. The right question: Do (SAT, GPA) pairs predict graduation rates more accurately than GPA alone? Yes, but it's pretty tough to figure out which times. Though I suppose the fact that this article is actually just copied (plagiarized?) from The Atlantic may lend it some credibility... A big 3 bankruptcy will be bad for auto workers, since the bankruptcy judge will rewrite their contracts. Since they currently get way above market rate, the judge will probably give them a pay cut, and authorize the layoff of many (1). Take a look at which politicians support the bailout. Then take a look at which politicians get UAW money: http://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/summary.php?id=D000000070 Coincidence? (1) Due to union contracts, the big3 are unable to lay off workers as a normal company would do. Person A, a waitress at Dennys, making about $8-10/hour with high deductible health care. Person B, an auto worker at GM, making $30-40/hour with zero deductible health care. [edit: see response to this post, auto worker gets $73/hour.] The bailout: tax person A in order to help person B, with 3 large corporations taking a cut of the proceeds. Does this make any sense? Incidentally, the original poster did not describe union workers as either lazy or overpaid. [edit: forgot to mention, it's actually very likely that the waitress does not pay taxes at all. So more realistically, the waitress should be replaced by someone in the $20/hour neighborhood.] Heh, I noticed that (and edited my post to reflect it), apparently while you were writing your post. However, there are plenty of people who make less money than auto workers who do pay taxes. One reason the bailout is morally wrong is that it is a regressive tax. It takes from the (relatively) poor and gives to the (relatively) rich. Why do you think GM will survive long enough to pay us back? Unemployment costs $362/week + administrative overhead. The wage of an auto worker costs from $1200/week to $2920/week (depending on whether you believe the $30/hour number or the $73/hour number floating around). http://www.michigan.gov/documents/uia/EUC_Fact_Sheet_120_240... Additionally, auto workers have an incentive to get off unemployment; it pays less than market rate. They have no incentive to stop working for GM, which pays above market rate. Most people have lower than average social value, and fewer than average # of sex partners. This is because both tend to be distributed according to a power law. http://vannevarvision.wordpress.com/2007/10/04/review-analys... http://polymer.bu.edu/~amaral/Sex_partners/Content_sex.html As of 2007, the Big 3's market share was 57% of the US market. http://blog.cleveland.com/business/2007/10/us_automakers_los... Unless demand has also dropped 57%, it's highly likely that more jobs will be created in the automotive industry. They won't necessarily be hiring the people laid off by the Big 3, but automotive jobs will be created. Another factor to consider is that people of african descent tend to have more low birthweight babies than other groups. Low birthweight babies die more, regardless of the medical system. African descended people are common in the US, Brazil and Caribbean, but not so much in Europe. But it isn't really a fault of the medical system or development process, just genetic/hereditary bad luck. I'd suggest the trend lines on his charts are more meaningful than individual bubbles. Newspaper article, most likely, I don't remember exactly. However, a quick google search for "low birth weight race" yields: http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm5127a1.htm#tab1 Here is another quirk of the measurement system I just discovered while googling. Low birthweight rates increase with income (at least in Brazil): http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/journal/118696841/abstrac... To deal with emails like "cake on my desk", how about a "not relevant after $TIME" tag? I know the cake won't last, so why I would tag it for automatic deletion after 3 hours. Anyone who misses the email won't have to waste time deleting it later. In many African countries, nutrition is probably the dominant means of transmitting IQ from parent to child. Childhood malnutrition lowers IQ, and family income lowers childhood malnutrition. Hence, family income and IQ are highly correlated. What country is this, anyway? "... I have studied the climate models and I know what they can do. The models solve the equations of fluid dynamics, and they do a very good job of describing the fluid motions of the atmosphere and the oceans. They do a very poor job of describing the clouds, the dust, the chemistry and the biology of fields and farms and forests. They do not begin to describe the real world that we live in. The real world is muddy and messy and full of things that we do not yet understand. It is much easier for a scientist to sit in an air-conditioned building and run computer models, than to put on winter clothes and measure what is really happening outside in the swamps and the clouds ...." Freeman Dyson Even when used by yourself. Branch a project, build a complicated new feature (e.g. 50 patches), then try to merge. The exponential merge problem really sucks. Some of the changes are extremely important. For instance, Obama originally had this to say about forced labor: Obama will call on citizens of all ages to serve America, by developing a plan to require 50 hours of community service in middle school and high school and 100 hours of community service in college every year. Now all he says is this: They'll [Obama and Biden] set a goal that all middle school and high school students engage in 50 hours of community service a year, and develop a plan for all college students who engage in 100 hours of community service to receive a fully-refundable tax credit of $4,000 for their education. (Both from http://change.gov/americaserves ) There are major, substantial changes being made here. There is also obfuscation going on, as you see above. Knowledge of what he previously wrote clarifies what "set a goal" means. I think it's important for the American people to see this. So far, the wayback machine has nothing on change.gov. My ad-hoc mechanism of tracking changes was the following: I remembered a conversation on the internet, during which the website was modified (1). I then managed to google this conversation, and find quotes on the original language. I managed to track precisely one change, but I'm reasonably web savvy (read: I've written webapps, probably putting me in the top 1% of web users). Do you think the average citizen could manage to do even that? (1) In fact, after it was modified, several Obamatons accused the conservative posters of lying about the contents of the website. This is another hazard of unmarked modifications. The latter version only tells you the goal. The former version told you the mechanism by which Obama will achieve this goal, namely force. That's information which has been removed. The new information in the latter version is that college students will be paid for their work. We will find out soon enough whether Obama really does support forced labor. I don't think it's an outlandish idea, however. Forced labor has quite a few supporters on the left (Rangel, Clark and McDermott, for instance http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/bdquery/z?d110:H.R.393 :). Anyway, this isn't really the place to discuss the merits of Obama's possible policy proposals. My point is this: at one time, change.gov advocated forced labor. The American people deserve to be able to easily look this up for themselves, and see what other changes were made. It's a media frenzy. We are not even in a recession yet. So far, we've had one quarter of economic decline (3rd quarter 2008). http://www.bea.gov/newsreleases/national/gdp/gdpnewsrelease.... A little perspective, please. They are both variations of carbon because they have the same electronic structure, i.e. the configuration of electrons about C-12 and C-13 is identical (or similarly H-1 and H-2). I'll make a bad analogy now. The electronic structure is like a set of hooks attached to the atom. Hydrogen has 1 free hook, carbon 4, and these hooks form chemical bonds. Hydrogen and deuterium have the same set of hooks, as do C-13 and C-14. But deuterium is heavier than hydrogen, and this makes it harder to unhook it when it attaches to another atom, even if the set of hooks is identical. Who is the media frenzy type, if not reporters? I was originally responding to this: Some people will compulsively track every small change - and what this means is that the government will have to be extra careful before changing even a word. My point: there are important changes being made which deserve to be tracked. I provided an example of such a change. I also explained in another post ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=380300 ) why I picked this example: by some ad-hoc means, I was able to dig up the original language. Also, your analogy is ridiculous. If early versions advocated euthanasia, and then it was changed to say "setting a goal to reduce the burden of old people on the social security system", I would be concerned. Unlike your euthanasia example, early versions of the website did unambiguously advocate forced labor. Here is a pdf copy: http://mensnewsdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/11/America_... By the way, your one man downmod squad is cute. Too bad this isn't reddit; plenty of people here like Obama (I used to myself), but we have few (if any) fanatical pro-Obama downmodders. Your source is not very convincing. He discovered that non-standard definitions of unemployment disagree with the standard one (U3). Yes, unemployment is 8.4% if you include people who "would like to work" but haven't actually looked for a job (U6). His super secret definition of unemployment might even give a 12% unemployment rate. So what? It's forced labor in the sense that Obama advocated forcing people to perform labor. The gulag was vastly worse. So what? If a woman plays soft jazz when you come over but the top 25 played songs on her iPod are death metal, she’s not showing her true self. The soft jazz tells you to stay the night. The death metal tells you to stick around in the morning and cook her breakfast. The Simpsons has not been funny for a while. I think the last funny episode I saw was the one where Homer and Bart become Catholic. Why pick on this episode? By the way, did you stop to think that maybe Steve Jobs internet connection sucks because he lives under the sea? Very true. But it's not just about government banditry, it's also about cultural acceptance of corruption. In a conversation with my Iranian ex girlfriend and her mom, it was revealed that her cousin is relatively wealthy due to being a dirty cop. They just talked about it like it was no big deal, completely expected. Several Africans I've known have similarly remarked "I got my drivers license without a bribe!" In my American family, there are no dirty cops by definition; doing crap like that will get you disowned. Changing the government won't change the cultural attitudes, unfortunately. Nonsense, economic growth did that. Economic growth is also the reason why most adults don't work in coal mines for 14 hours/day. Do you seriously believe that if child labor laws were abolished, children would return to the coal mines? I might not disown the guy before finding another job, but I'd certainly be ashamed of it. It's not something I'd ever drop in casual conversation. Incidentally, her family was middle class by US standards. She got her first computer 2 years after I did. The point I'm making is that I don't think you can just change the government, you really need to make corruption a source of shame. Right this minute, the album Worlds Collide by Apocalyptica. Two of the songs are just amazing: Helden, with vocals by Till Lindemann: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vhq9n8gq4-0&feature=relat... Yes, this is a cover of David Bowie. And it's vastly better than the original. SOS, with vocals by Cristina Scabbio: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WHEqpoADTY&feature=relat... A little while ago was some Bob Dylan. In the era when paddy_m grew up (i.e., 1940-2000)? Almost certainly. Incidentally, if families truly needed their children's paychecks, wouldn't child labor laws merely consign them to starvation? In reality, child labor laws merely mitigate a small problem: depraved parents forcing their children to work for personal gain. (This is small in the sense that not too many such parents exist.) But unless paddy_m's parents fall into this category, child labor laws are irrelevant to him. Ok, a question from a darcs guy who recently switched to hg: What are the use cases for rebase and lightweight branching? I really don't understand why I should prefer rebase to simply pull + merge. Also, is lightweight branching just a performance hack, or is there more to it? Just a note, this idea that wages have been flat relative to inflation is true. But that doesn't mean quite what you think it means. Inflation (at least CPI inflation) measures the cost of a basket of goods in dollars. But that basket of goods has grown over time! So the same wage now buys more stuff. Incidentally, Elizabeth Warren is a propaganda artist. She has "hard stats", but they often don't mean what you think they mean. Read Todd Zywicki's debunking of her to get a flavor for how she works: http://volokh.com/posts/1108558247.shtml http://volokh.com/archives/archive_2008_04_27-2008_05_03.sht... I'm not claiming the video you cite is right or wrong (it's 57 minutes long, I'd rather just skim the paper), just suggesting that she deserves Michael Moore levels of skepticism. I'm asserting that she does something along those lines. I'll take one example from her medical bankruptcy study. This is the study, widely described by the media as asserting that 50% of bankruptcies are caused by medical bills or serious medical problems. http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9C0CE2DD133BF... You need to actually read the study rather than listen to her talks to discover that "medical problems" includes "alcohol or drug addiction" and "uncontrolled gambling." http://content.healthaffairs.org/cgi/content/abstract/hlthaf... This is far from the only example where she plays games of this nature. Read Todd Zywicki's debunkings of her, she seems to make mistakes like this all the time. I suspect that congress and the media, rather than the working classes, is her target. Like I said, "I'll take one example". The study is utterly flawed even conceptually (1), but that flaw might just be a result of some law prof not understanding basic statistics. The example I provided is merely the simplest and most egregious misrepresentation she makes. (1) To estimate the number of bankruptcies caused by "medical reasons", you need to compare Pm = P(bankrupt | medical cause) to Pnm = P(bankrupt | no medical cause). The number of medically caused bankruptcies is then (Pm-Pnm) x (number of people with medical cause). She only measures Pm x (number of bankruptcies with medical cause). And a business guy who who handles the business end allows ten more engineers to build useful machines. A natural extension of your logic: GvR or Stallman may allow S&E people to more efficiently create wealth, but he doesn't create wealth himself (Python, Emacs, etc are only tools to create other stuff) The ability to create wealth is, itself, wealth. Yes. I met one recently. She's beautiful, not demanding, and gives me falafels whenever I want. Falafel store girl is mind blowingly awesome in every way. Maybe one day I'll even have a conversation with her. But that's unlikely, I'm too shy. Mind blowingly awesome falafels are even rarer than mind blowingly awesome women. Mind blowingly awesome falafels within 5 blocks of my office? I can live with other women, but not with other falafels. That puts my odds of losing the falafels at 25%. But maybe if I can get her fired, then I can ask her out... From the article: Physics students now study string theory — a hot topic in some college courses that is absent from the Advanced Placement exam. FAIL. It's a FAIL because they are not learning string theory. The only way they are actually learning string theory is if the article forgot to mention this: Math students now learn Partial Differential Equations, Fourier Analysis, Complex Variables and Hilbert Spaces -- hot topics that are usually not covered until the 3'rd year of college or beyond. Sports is artificial competution under arbitrary rules. There is no benefit to people violating the rules. Using steroids in sports is like riding a bike in the marathon. In contrast, regular "productive" work is not trying to be entertaining, it has other goals (e.g. moving packages from one place to another). If I ride my bicycle while delivering packages, more packages get delivered. The confusion comes from the fact that "playful" and "hurtful" are, to a great extent, properties of the teasee rather than the teaser. Fabienne [Pulp Fiction French Girl]: A pot. A pot belly. Pot bellies are sexy. Butch [Bruce Willis]: Well you should be happy, 'cause you do [have a pot belly]. The net result of that conversation is NSFW in a positive way (here is the script http://www.geocities.com/Hollywood/7606/pulpscri.htm ). I've had a similar conversations, and it doesn't always go so well. In retrospect, I believe the reason is that Fabienne considered herself beautiful and knew Butch was merely trying to get a reaction from her. Previous ladyfajitas didn't all feel the same way about themselves. I realize that. But I've also had positive reactions under similar circumstances. The movie quote just refers to a scene most of us can easily picture. Another example; I'm a bit homophobic, and I get teased for it occasionally. A friend of mine from years ago also behaved homophobically, but reacted badly to the same teasing. He came out of the closet last year. His bad reaction was due not to the input, but his own internal state. Indeed. Perhaps I can explain a little more what she discovered, and why this connection to QFT is almost surely nonsense. The flag manifold in question comes from matrix groups; basically, consider some subset of 3x3 matrices which satisfy a certain property. I.e., certain types of transformations of a 3d space. While the space of 3x3 matrices has 3x3=9 dimensions, subsets can have fewer dimensions (in this case, 6). The two-dimensional projections she discovered are functions of the 6 dimensional matrices. So here is the occams razor explanation for what is happening. Inside the bee's head is an ODE (ordinary differential equation) solver, basically an analog computer. Just think of the ODE solver as a complicated timer, but with output depending on both time and some hidden variable. These are common objects in biology, and don't require many neurons. The output of the ODE solver is wired to some neurons which reduce 6 variables to 2, according to the formula she discovered. This is a fantastic discovery, a triumph of applied math. But the connection to QFT is almost surely coincidence: QFT uses symmetries of matrix groups over 3 dimensions, and the bee (which lives in 3 dimensions) also does. This phenomenon is called universality. Certain objects repeat across diverse areas simply because it is the only logical way (or the most common logical way) that things could happen. Well, neural integrators are known, I know the ocular system has some. A quick google search finds this: http://hebb.mit.edu/courses/9.29/2003/athena/bearlee/Neural_... An integrator basically solves the ODE y'(t)=f(t); the firing rate is proportional to y(t). So if you wire up integrators appropriately, you could solve most ODE's (obviously, there are scaling issues, noise, etc). In principle, one could reproduce the bee's behavior by appropriately connecting six of these. But I admit, this example is one of the more fantastic examples I've seen. It's a simple algebraic manifold (1) and obtained purely from observation of behavior rather than lab work. (1) In biology, you usually get shapes which are big ugly messes, imagine the surface of a child's playdough sculpture. Instead, she found something pretty like kepler's conic sections (to borrow the analogy from the article). That's uncommon in biology. Quite right. In fact, I'd go further and suggest if you are not in the top half of your class after the first year, quit. In my grad class at Rutgers, 3 are solidly on the tenure track (read: postdoc at good school), 3 did not finish (one is now in his 7'th year), the remainder are unlikely to get a tenured position. I'm told that even at that other NJ school, only about 50% go on to get a tenure track job. My highest and lowest comments were purely smartass remarks: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=318690 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=165130 I posted my #2 highest remark earlier today, and that one actually has some information content: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=391396 To be really convinced I would have liked to see him address issues like the likely major food shortage (technology will probably not solve this) This will most likely be solved by growing food in Canada and Siberia. Well, it's part and parcel of the existing gender roles. Men chase, women choose. Being chosen by women indicates a man has value. Mechanized playthings for a man indicate low value (he can't find a real woman). It gives little info about a woman. On the flip side, having many human playmates indicate a man has high value. It lowers a woman's value, however, both due to perception and for some intrinsic reasons. Looking at the whole picture, I think men come out ahead: human playmates >> mechanical playthings. The pros lose not just because amateur is a free substitute, but because it is better. The pros follow the exact formula you described: too fast to be fun -> zoom in way too close -> finish while not even touching each other. FAIL. Amateurs may not do it perfectly, and may forget to change position 5 times, but at least they are having a good time. Is there a backstop similar to PBGC available for public sector plans... Raising taxes. Besides, the feds will most likely bail the states likely to default (CA, MI, NJ) at least until 2013. It seems like a closer analogy would be allowing walmart to build their own private roads to walmart stores. I don't know about Goldman, but Morgan Stanley is reducing total comp (base+bonus) by 10-30% for the people who still have a job. Regarding 1), it's trickier than that. The issue is that there are two types of inflation, monetary inflation (more dollars floating around) and price inflation (stuff costs more money). Due to hoarding, these two types of inflation may not agree with each other. If you inflate the currency by printing money, much of it may be hoarded, since owning money is (in a deflationary environment) an investment. So the money supply increases, but consumer/investor prices continue to deflate! Now you have large chunks of money hidden away, but prices continue to fall. This continues, until you reach a tipping point and price inflation returns. Then the hoarders spend their money, and prices inflate rapidly (price inflation catches up with money inflation). This isn't a good thing, since it's a major monetary shock, and can lead to a crisis of confidence, etc... Probably the only way to avoid this scenario is to make sure that the newly printed money has a high velocity, but it isn't clear how to do this. The classical answer is to give it to lower income people, but it's not obvious that this will work in a deflationary environment (poor person buys TV, TV manufacturer hoards money). Our personal drive will diminish, but so will our aversion to non-fatal risks. My current reasoning: doing a startup has the opportunity cost of me taking a finance job (not so much these days) or trying to become a tenured professor. Realistically speaking, due to the aging process, I have about 13-18 years of my life to spend on such things (after 40-45, change gets harder). After age 40, I'll probably just keep doing what I'm already doing. Give me 1000 years to live, I might just spend the next 20 years trying to build an AI. I agree with Yudkowsky that it might be the most important problem of our time, but I'm unwilling to spend my life on such a long shot. Give me 1000 years to spend, 900 youthful, and I'll give it a shot. Worst case, I learn a lot, and I can use those skills in my startup phase (my next 20 years, out of 1000). Of course, it's different for potentially fatal risks; if I lived 1000 years, I'd probably be less likely to take up Eskrima (my latest project) and I probably wouldn't have fenced in college. [edit: added this paragraph.] Incidentally, anti-aging would be a major boon for women. Realistically speaking, most women can pick only one of {career/accomplishments/etc, children}. Even those who can pick two must still face the choice of mid level management + children vs startup founder (or something along those lines). Anti-aging gives the opportunity to do both. Consider investments in, e.g., a german bank in 1900. Today worth what? Over the past 1000 years, we've seen major epidemics that wiped out big chunks of the world (e.g., 95% of the population of the americas, 30% of eurasia), deranged dictators who confiscated wealth, revolutions and all sorts of total collapses of society. Over 1000 years, the risk of losing everything becomes significant. The very poorest in our society are, as you note, mentally ill, addicted and diseased. Beyond those people, however, most of the poor do live quite well even in comparison to nobility of the past. The poor life a "life of leisure", to use historical language. Out of 36.5 million poor people, only 7.4 million even qualify as "working poor". "Working poor" == "spent >27 weeks/year working or looking for work". http://www.bls.gov/cps/cpswp2006.pdf As for 16k/year in the bay area, I never lived out west so I won't comment. But as a grad student living 15 minutes out of manhattan on 18k/year, I lacked few material goods available to historical royalty. Fewer concubines, better food. I think most of the issues with your ankle are simply problems of mechanical engineering. Total ankle replacements exist now, they just aren't very good.However, I find it highly unlikely that in the next 10 years, incremental improvements to artificial ankles will not lead to ankles capable of jumping, dancing and jogging. But the hip hop class is more fun, and eventually you've gained a new skill. Also, this never happens on the internet: "Tough west African refugee with poor english and a great smile seeks geeky physics student. Lets go for a bike ride, listen to metallica and teach each other new recipes." No, it isn't deflationary. We had bubbles in housing, oil, food, and other commodities. Anyone remember the news articles saying "food prices are rising to levels not seen since 1998, gas prices too, the end is nigh?" Those bubbles have burst, and prices are returning to their normal level. Over the short term, that looks like deflation (just as the bubble looked like inflation), but it's really very different from actual Japan-style deflation. By the way, "shadow banking system" is just a scary term invented by Paul Krugman to describe non-S&L investors. No, it isn't deflationary. We had bubbles in housing, oil, food, and other commodities. Anyone remember the news articles saying "food prices are rising to levels not seen since 1998, gas prices too, the end is nigh?" Those bubbles have burst, and prices are returning to their normal level. Over the short term, that looks like deflation (just as the bubble looked like inflation), but it's really very different from actual Japan-style deflation. By the way, "shadow banking system" is just a scary term invented by Paul Krugman to describe non-S&L investors. 60 years ago (after WW2), there was no real competition to America because the competition mostly got blown up during WW2. To go back to the postwar situation, we'll need another war. And it needs to be a real war with firebombs, tank columns and opposing armies, not a stupid "suicide bomb some orphans for the cameras" event like what we have now. New York also wastes ridiculous amounts of money on local pork. Housing lotteries (the city buys 50% of a house for a few lucky people), bloated salaries for MTA workers, dance police (1), and most programs are extremely inefficient (housing projects in manhattan? why not move them to Jamaica, and save money?). Perhaps NY could spend that extra 15% effectively. But it would probably just be wasted. (1) If patrons dance or sway to music in a bar without a cabaret license, the police will ticket the bar owner. As of 3 weeks ago, the cops were actively patrolling for this. Here are stats on math. In short: 1157 PhDs given out, and 761 have academic positions (the main place to get a job as a mathematician). Plus, a reasonable fraction of the academic positions are purely teaching. http://www.ams.org/employment/2007Survey-DG.pdf I know physics is similar. Most of those jobs don't require a PhD. Perhaps a few of the quants, a few crypto programmers and a few operations research people. But certainly not all of them. As I noted, even many academic jobs (teaching positions) don't really need it. While having the degree helps you get the job ("omfg you have a PhD you must be so smart!"), it isn't necessary. The number of jobs where PhD level mathematical knowledge is necessary is actually quite small. Producing more PhDs will probably not be as helpful jmtame seems to think. Insurance is there to protect you against high cost, low probability events; basically events where you can afford the expected cost, (probability of becoming sick) x (cost of treatment), but you can not afford (cost of treatment). If you have a pre-existing condition, (probability of becoming sick) == 1. In this case, insurance is pointless. You can't shop around for trauma care. But why can't you shop around for the cheapest non-emergency MRI, chemo-therapy center or dermatologist? Hint: you can, I've done it. Now that I have insurance, I just pick the guy closest to me. Why should I bother to price shop when I don't get the savings? When consumers price shop, corporations compete on price. See for example Walmart, Jetblue and Dell. And a lot of medicine is delivered by individuals or small businesses (i.e., 5 doctors in 1 office), not by corporations. I know of one example where someone turned down extra money out of jealousy, albeit under slightly different circumstances. A friend of mine was meeting a guy for a potential arranged marriage. She had a good job working for a large investment bank. A deal killer for the potential husband: the wife can't make more money than him. This was VERY important to him, literally the second or third question he asked her. (Him being a jackass was a deal killer for her.) It's hardly a paradox. It describes the following two situations: a) I live a postdoc lifestyle, everyone else lives a grad student lifestyle. b) I live a full professor lifestyle, everyone else lives an investment banker lifestyle. World b just has more goods in it than world a. That's not a paradox; Earth 2008 has far more goods in it than Earth 1908. Poor people in the USA (at least by the official definition of poverty) do not lack good housing or leisure time. In fact, the poor have more leisure time than the rich. http://www.heritage.org/Research/welfare/bg2064.cfm I won't comment on their feelings ("a sense of security"), or their ability to socialize with Angelina Jolie. In any case, by "lifestyle" I simply meant "material standard of living". I.e., $25,000, $50,000, or $100,000 worth of consumer goods and services as measured in 2008 dollars . This is unlikely to occur. The main reasons: 1) The cultural reason. A lot of politics is cultural; most people have a self image, and pick a party to fit that image. The self image of Obama's party: smart/educated/cultured, not to mention altruistic. Providing education is viewed as a morally virtuous act ("give something back", with "in return for money and excellent job security" being unstated), not merely a professional choice. De-emphasize education? Sacrilege. It's like suggesting a religious conservative should de-emphasize traditional hetero marriage. Good luck with that. 2) It goes strongly against the interests of Obama and his party: http://www.opensecrets.org/pres08/select.php?ind=W04 The endowment effect is causing very serious problems right now. This is probably the reason why people are unwilling to sell houses at below-bubble prices, even though they would be unwilling to buy at current prices. If someone figures out how to arbitrage this, they will be rich. You aren't the only one. I can't use a netbook, even a macbook (11" keyboard) is uncomfortable (my shoulders are 24"). I barely notice the weight of a macbook, however. I recently met a girl who can fit both of her hands into one of mine. Her 12-13" shoulders probably fit an 8" keyboard very nicely. Her first thought about my macbook was "heavy". Netbooks are made for her, not us. When you see ads for a netbook emphasizing cuteness, buy shares in whoever is selling them. "It has nothing to do with NYC being an island and SF being a peninsula." It's not just that. NYC is not built up the way it should be, and most of the buildup of recent years is condos. For many years, there was a ridiculous incongruity in NYC: sky high rents and abandoned buildings. Why renovate when you can't charge rents commensurately? These days it's mostly a Harlem/Inwood phenomenon. By the way, why is "allowing" people to stay in "their" homes (fine print: homes which are not really theirs) a good thing? Are unskilled workers somehow more deserving of a house in Manhattan than skilled workers? Do retirees deserve to live close to young workers jobs more than the young workers do? A guy with a family has a very good reason to pay more for a house close to his job. "Rent stabilization in NYC isn't mandatory for new construction," In NYC, future crazy regulations are always a worry. Most new construction IS rent controlled. My previous apartment (built to be condos, but the owner was unable to sell) was. To evade various ridiculous NYC taxes (which make a lot of new construction unviable), you need to submit to rent control. "if landlords can't charge rents commensurately, where are the sky high rents coming from?" Sky high rents come from current demand. Rent control provides a disincentive to long term investments like new construction or major renovations to rental buildings. Incidentally, neither of the "things that bother you about the free market religion" are actually part of the free market ideology. 1) only applies to efficient markets (like the rental market, with many buyers and sellers, and good information) and 2) is closer to the Clinton/Bush/Dodd/Obama ideology that ownership is something to encourage. "Neighborhoods don't just magically become expensive to live in. I won't claim that the only reason is because good, noble people moved in when things were cheap and turned things around, but it's ridiculous to suggest that the people living in a place have nothing to do with that place becoming a desirable place for wealthier people to live." In some cases the people are completely unrelated. The main attraction to living in Harlem is the 1-6 trains. Having tried to get a sublet for my old place, I discovered that the people living there make it less desirable to live in. "You're making an emotional appeal for a guy with a family to have a right to be close to his job - that cuts both ways, you know." As far as who "deserves" to live on some place, it's a wash. So lets not favor any particular group over the other. As far as emotional appeals go, I'm not casting any group of people as assholes. "This doesn't make any sense. Without the current rent-control laws, the incentive would be to keep the housing supply low and spike rental rates." Only if there were a monopolistic housing provider. Absent rent control, the incentive for any individual housing supplier would be to build more houses and cash in. By your logic, dell should (in the absence of computer-price control laws) cut back on computer production to spike prices. Of course, that's ridiculous; HP, Asus, Everex and others will pick up the slack and Dell will lose money. As for other landlords engaging in rent seeking, that's a problem, but a separate one. "My second point was that there are other kinds of risk (living in a bad neighborhood for its cheap rent) that should be rewarded by society over ownership (the windfall that the owner of a slum stumbles into as the neighborhood appreciates in value)." Living in a bad neighborhood is rewarded; the reward is cheap rent. "Prices there are a lot cheaper there right now than the location would suggest they should be, and (despite your experience) tons of people are starting to look that way." Prices are a lot cheaper than they should be precisely because newcomers don't want to live near Harlem natives. High prices elsewhere are driving people here, but the locals are not helping things. As an example of the issues, several of my female visitors have been hassled on their way home. So if you argue for subsidizing hip locals who make a neighborhood attractive, do you also want to penalize disagreeable locals? If not, why not? "If you're an owner charging whatever crazy price you can get in the LES as passive income on top of doing whatever you do as a day job, you're not interested in going out and spending the energy on amping production of more housing units." So basically, you believe landlords/builders are 1) greedy when it comes to raising rents 2) not greedy when it comes to building more houses. And superpowerful, able to prevent any other greedy people from building housing and renting it for a profit. They sound like the villain in a poorly written movie. (I should be more specific; it's not all builders, since condos do get built. I guess these problems only apply to the rental market.) "Until the rich people see you living there happily and drive up prices trying to be your new neighbor - hence, rent control." It's probably not very bad by this time. Why should I continue to get the reward? "I said subsidize the people who make the neighborhood desirable to live in." Yes, and the flip side of that is to tax the people who make it undesirable to live in. Why is this bad policy? And I'm not just referring to criminals, but also people who lower the quality of life. You want to live near the hipster. But what about living near people who insist on talking at 2AM outside your window, or people who just need to take a shower? As for police protection, I don't believe I ever advocated reducing it for the poor. I just see no reason to subsidize the stationary at the expense of the mobile. "Believe it or not, there are a ton of people who don't act exactly how economic theory says they maybe should." All it takes is a few people to behave greedily. And again, how come the condo market in NYC doesn't have these problems? "Because it was your sweat-equity that made it not very bad." I think you've got me confused with the cops. I did nothing to improve Jersey City or Harlem, I just live here. "...you're just not getting your ass thrown to the street because of a market fluctuation." I think you misspelled "be forced to move to a cheaper apartment in the next 30-60 days". "I don't get what you're saying here. Who are we taxing?" The locals that make a place undesirable to live in. You advocate rewarding certain stationary locals who create positive externalities ("make the neighborhood worth living in"). The flip side of that is to punish negative externalities. It's something along the lines of rewarding the creators of public art (who create positive externalities), while punishing polluters (who create negative externalities). "Because you're a caring human being? Because those wealthy enough to enjoy a mobile lifestyle can fend for themselves?" If subsidizing the needy is your goal, then why not target neediness directly, rather than using mobility is a (very poor) proxy? Using mobility, you hit (non-wealthy) guys like me. I moved once to be close to my job (underpaid postdoc), once to be close to my live-in girlfriend's job, and again last month because she became my ex-girlfriend. Stuff like that is uncorrelated to wealth. "A few people acting greedily forces an unwilling owner to sell out? That makes no sense." You think ALL property owners in NYC are unwilling to sell? You think ALL builders/landlords are unwilling to build investment properties, and are unwilling to sell to those who will? "I didn't address this before because it sounds like something you're pulling out of your ass - and you said it yourself, your building was built for condos but used for rent b/c the market for condos wasn't there. What, exactly, do you want me to argue against here?" You claim that builders are not greedy enough to create new housing in response to market demand, or that there are other monopolistic factors preventing this. Yet for some reason, they build new condos. Why don't these same factors prevent condo construction? "Cute. 30-60 days, that does make things way easier. Gives people plenty of time to find a place they can afford that's really far away from their current job,..." And someone else is now close to their current job and gets more time with their family. Why do the stationary deserve that more than the mobile? "Subsidizing the needy isn't my goal. " In that case, why try to equate mobility with wealth? The two are not very strongly related, if at all. Why can't an objectivist marry a non-objectivist? If Carmack were a socialist, it would be unlikely: to an objectivist, socialist views would suggest moral decay. That could hurt a marriage. But if Carmack's views are not too far off, she could simply view him as mistaken. Why not marry him under those circumstances? (Note: I really don't know the social details of objectivism, e.g. how cultish it really is in practice. Just the basic philosophy.) I realize that; Dagney's railroad skillz are what give Rand's fantasy men a boner, and vice versa for Galt. I totally understand that, and have similar tastes. John Galt is the ideal, but Carmack comes pretty close, I'd expect. Even if his reasoning isn't perfect, I suspect the rest of his resume would make up for that. Don't know Adi. That article appears to be a shorter version of his book. The book is well worth the $10.85 you'll spend on it. http://www.amazon.com/1491-Revelations-Americas-Before-Colum... Statistics and Eskrima. I predict that there will not be a great depression. I do predict larger government involvement in health care. Electronic medical records is political gold (Bush, McCain and Obama all agree), and lobbyists will be involved. Invest in the medical records software vendor with the best political connections. Some biostatistics software startups might hit it big too, depending on regulatory conditions (legal question: how do you datamine medical records without violating privacy?). Monopoly is probably the wrong word, but open source projects often do hit a local maxima which is far from optimal. Consider emacs, for instance. Elisp sucks in many ways, and we could probably build a better emacs if we started from scratch. But it will be very tough to get from here to there. "Or do you yet again make things even easier and maybe even curve the grades so only the very least prepared students fail?...get rid of the fucking standardized tests. " Standardized tests are the solution to the first problem. This is what we do at both NYU and Rutgers (with intro classes), and it works quite well. If the students are doing well, spending an hour on interesting side topics won't hurt the test results. If students are doing poorly, then sticking to the basics is the way to go. Walk before running, and all that. As far as the race to the bottom, standardized testing prevents it. The race to the bottom is what you described; make your test easier than others to avoid problems with whiny parents/students. A standardized test puts a floor on how far down you can go. Wait, I'm confused: a) there are standardized tests b) students are passing anyway because of the enormous forces on teachers If the standardized tests from a) determine the grades, then how is b) possible? How can pressure on the teachers cause a student to pass if the teachers are not the ones assigning grades? Orkut had this feature several years back. My girlfriend at the time made me sign up to orkut just to test it out. Then I added all 6 of my friends who were actually on orkut to see who liked me. The only hit I got was a guy doing the same thing. Big problem with this app: some girls will add all their friends just for an ego boost. Dating sites have this problem as well, I think. Students "pass" their own class's chapter tests, partly due to teachers just passing them for the reasons previously explained, but also partly because they've been prepped and groomed specifically to pass the test. So the chapter tests aren't standardized. As I said, "standardized tests" and "race to the bottom" are incompatible. Perhaps the current standardized tests are a poor measure of performance. On this matter, I can't comment without seeing the tests. From what you describe, they sound easy to game. If that is the case, then fix the tests. I can't see any reason why standardized tests would be worse than non-standardized ones. Due to economies of scale (more data, you can hire a statistician to help, and test designers have time to work on i) and a decent selection process (don't put the worst teachers in charge of designing the test), I see compelling reasons why standardized tests would be better than the average individualized test. Additionally, teachers do not have the ability to "race to the bottom". Perhaps the floor set by the tests is too low, but eliminating the floor entirely won't fix that. I'd suggest looking at xmonad for the other windowing system. You never need to use your mouse again (though you can if you want to). It's also written in Haskell, so it has enhanced coolness as well. No ubuntu package as far as I know, but it isn't hard to build from source. Being able to pick up new terminology quickly can be helpful. Case in point, I'm trying to learn financial math. I get the concepts pretty well (just parabolic PDEs and similar things), but it would be helpful if I could more easily remember what the boundary conditions for "down and out barrier options" were or what the exact definition of "VaR" is. Speed reading could help here, though I don't know how to do it. Understanding isn't the issue for me. I have a solid math background, so I'm understanding things about as fast as I can read them. My main issue is the terminology, there is just lots of it. A more traditional programming example is this; if you learn Java you need to understand, but learning the libraries is more a matter of remembering than understanding. Some subjects are broad, not simply deep. Speed reading (or whatever) could help with the breadth. SS is a Ponzi scheme. Payout for current investors is provided by the payin of future investors. Then to fool you, a small fraction of the program is devoted to other legitimate purposes. Disability/survivor benefits are an extremely small portion of social security, less than 1% last time I checked. Incidentally, as far as living to 100, buy a lifetime annuity. Or even just have the government pay for retirement for the poor 90+ crowd. Again, an extremely small part of SS. A Ponzi scheme is an investment system where the payout of current investors comes from the payin of future investors. That's the definition of ponzi. Does SS meet that definition or not? If so, it's a Ponzi scheme. The fact that it lasted longer than other historical Ponzi schemes does not change it's nature. The retirement component of social security is not insurance. It does not spread the cost of low probability, high cost events among the insured. Only the very small disability insurance part of SS does this. As I mentioned, that is a separate issue. Tell me; if Madoff called his hedge fund an "insurance program", and actually devoted 1% of it to providing disability insurance, would that make it not a Ponzi scheme? Incidentally, Madoff's returns were not unnaturally high, just unnaturally regular. As for the fraud, it's true that the nature of SS is quite clear. SS uses force instead; if you don't pay in, you get locked up. So maybe "Ponzi Protection Racket" would be more accurate than "Ponzi Scheme". I'm not sure how it isn't an investment system; you put money in because you are forced, but with the hope of getting money out later. That's closer to an investment than to insurance, though I guess the use of force confuses things. You could be right, I never thought of it this way. Take a scam, then use a gun to force people to participate without disguising your intentions. Is it still a scam? Maybe not, I'll have to think about it. As I noted before, the really old are a small fraction of SS. If SS were really just protecting people against outliving their investments (say, it kicked in at age 90) and against disability, I'd have little objection to it. That's just insurance, and a small portion of SS. As for GDII, I'm not sure how SS helps there. That sounds like a place where the ponzi-like nature of SS will become readily apparent: not enough money from new investors to pay off the old ones. Bad software is often better than none at all. Unfortunately, there are not enough good programmers available to provide good software to all. What's worse, a database that screws up 1% of the time, or an army of paper pushers that costs thousands of times more and also has a 1% error rate which can't be fixed (if necessary) by some overpaid consultant? Comparing job growth to population is a really poor measure. What you are measuring is ( on the books jobs) / (estimated population). An illegal immigrant contributes to the denominator (perhaps fractionally, depending on how accurate the census is), but not the numerator if his job is off the books. Jobs/people fails to account for demographic change. We are getting older, and old people work less. Our bubbleicious prosperity also allowed women to stay home if they wanted. Unemployment is a much better measure; unemployment is (# of job seekers) / (# of workers + # of job seekers). It excludes people who no longer want to work from the denominator, which counting the population does not. I don't know if/how it addresses illegal immigration, however. Having gotten through this process for a Ph.D., albeit in a different field (Math), I'll answer this as best I can. My answers relate to getting a Ph.D. 1. Don't wait. Opportunity costs are low right now (bad economy) and waiting hurts your chances. If you wait at least 5 years, you are > 27 when you start grad school. You graduate at age 32. That's over the hill. Many grad schools will flatly reject you for this reason. 2. Publications might help, if they are solid technical works in peer reviewed journals. Industry experience could also help IF it's hardcore R&D work. Academics care relatively little about open source, unless you did something truly awesome (e.g., FFTW). 3. Yes. R&D type jobs are the only jobs that won't hurt you when applying to grad school. 4. GvR could probably get into a good grad school. Below that will probably not help very much. However, many places will give you a masters if you pay tuition. Don't expect to jump from the masters to Ph.D. track, however. I know of a few departments that do it, and some professors as well (1). I'm sure not all do, but I think it's pervasive enough to worry about. Regarding legality, I actually made a mistake when I said reject due to age. I meant reject due to having stale ideas and not appearing committed enough, or just not standing out from the crowd. (1) Admissions process at many places: committee weeds out the weakest and professors/groups pick their students from the remainder. If a professor in your field doesn't like 30 year olds, you failed to stand out from the crowd. This guy is complaining about proposed new taxes, not old taxes. The proper items for you to list are what he would get from proposed new spending (e.g., bailouts for detroit and irresponsible state governments, marginal state construction projects). http://www.qwantz.com/archive/001339.html "Dear audio memoirs. Today I was racist by word substitution again. This -- this is the hardest racism not to be." - The T-Rex Some (such as myself) also believe it legitimate for the government to provide public goods: goods which are nonrivalrous and nonexcludible. Protection from contagious disease falls into this category, for instance. This is probably the first time since adulthood that I've ever been called a socialist (I was a socialist for a short time during my teenage years). You can live 15 minutes outside manhattan on $25k/year, and do just fine. I did this my last year of grad school. Does having a roommate count as "Dickensian" living conditions? What is your point? That "living with a roommate" == "dickensian living conditions"? The only changes to my lifestyle now that I have a real job is a) no roommates and b) I drink outside more than in, and pay less attention to happy hour. You are also picking the most expensive place to live. A big 2 bed 2 bath duplex with a porch is $2100 up in Harlem (near 125th). That's $525/month split 4 ways, also a very nice apartment (3 blocks from the 4/5/6 train). If you work between lower manhattan and 33rd st, you can live in Jersey City and rent a huge 3 bedroom for $1500 ($500 split 3 ways). Commute time is 15-25 minutes. Just a minor nit: if a marginally attached worker looked for work, he would be unemployed. "Unemployed" == "Not working but looking for work." "Marginally attached" == "kinda wants a job, but not enough to actually look for one." Is it a good idea to improve in this regard? While the credential pie may be unevenly distributed, it seems that by improving things you may just shrink the pie. Ending legacies may reduce alumni contributions, thereby "forcing" (1) colleges to reduce financial aid and raise tuition. (1) I use the term "forcing" loosely. Of course colleges could reduce waste (like the football team) and increase class sizes. Realistically that won't happen. Some make money, but most don't. Duke should keep their team, I imagine it makes money. Rutgers shouldn't. However, I probably should have given an example besides the football team. There is plenty of unglamorous waste to cut at any college. For instance, no college should have 3+ affirmative action offices (no desire to debate on 0 vs 1). As another example, I know of a college with a 7 person math dept and a 3 person statistics dept (each with a dept chair and underworked secretary). If they were combined, you could cut a chair and a secretary. Just publish how big the thumb was: In one case this was done as a result of a lawsuit (U-Mich). Translating the "thumb" into GPA, we get: +1.0 on GPA if black, +0.2 if legacy, +0.5 if from michigan. (I.e., a non-legacy with a 3.8 GPA is treated the same as a legacy with a 3.6 GPA, all else held equal). For comparison, "national" levels of personal achievement get you +0.25 on GPA. http://www.umich.edu/~mrev/archives/1999/summer/chart.htm We could absolutely use some Japanese levels of transparency. The quality of peer review varies with the journal. For instance, Journal of Computational Physics tends to give out helpful reviews. From JCP, I usually get back a list of helpful suggestions and weak spots in the paper. Even the incorrect suggestions/criticisms tend to reveal ambiguity in my writing more than anything else. PRL, not so much. In my experience, at least one referee doesn't even finish reading the paper. It's not just me, this happened to a friend of mine last week: Referee: "The authors do not demonstrate that their equations apply to any physical example." Response: "See page 3 paragraph 4." because John Galt had carefully sabotaged the bridges and railroads John Galt destroyed nothing except a room full of his own inventions. The railroads were destroyed due to the poor management of Dagny's brother (forget his name) and interference from Washington. Also, from that link: John Galt, outraged that anybody would even suggest that he or the company he worked for owed anything to the nation that provided his education, protected him from infectious disease outbreaks, protected him from Communist invasion, built the roads that got him to work each day, provided the police that kept him safe, and provided the court system that protected his property rights at all, sabotaged the Galt Engine, so nobody could have it. As I recall, one of the heroic characters (Ragnar?) specifically states that these are all legitimate functions of the government and that they should be financed by taxes. In fact, one of the strikers actually worked for the government (Judge Narragansett). It's always helpful to read a book before criticizing it. 1) Plenty of other countries are having real estate bubbles bursting, for instance Ireland and Spain. 2) It has long been a goal of the government to increase home ownership and inflate the bubble. Regarding down payments, the government tried to help people unable to come up with downpayments to get a loan anyway. http://www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2002/06/20020618-1.h... (Scroll down past the "hunt down terrorists" part.) http://www.hud.gov/offices/cpd/affordablehousing/programs/ho... Our top free market politician warned us about the bubble-producing effects of this in 2002, and tried to put an end to it. http://www.ronpaul.com/2008-09-26/ron-paul-on-the-housing-bu... (Sorry for the paulspam, but it might be the one time it's relevant.) This is all good advice, but don't underestimate the value of credentials. I agree that credentials are overvalued by society, but there isn't a lot that tokenadult can do to change this or even avoid it. Probably more than most of us want to admit. I am very, very careful to avoid anything that might give me some preconceived notions about the candidate. If you think that someone is smart before they even walk into the room, just because they have a Ph.D. from MIT, then nothing they can say in one hour is going to overcome that initial prejudice. If you think they are a bozo because they went to community college, nothing they can say will overcome that initial impression. Joel Spolsky, http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/GuerrillaInterviewing... Think about a hiring manager who is less conscious of his biases than Joel. Even if he professes not to care much about credentials, will it affect him unconsciously? Privatization of fishing grounds, in the form of fishing rights distributed by auction, is a widely used means of managing fisheries. It works well when property rights are actually enforced (e.g. a body of water controlled by only one nation). Obama's big idea? “By computerizing health records, we can avoid dangerous medical mistakes, reduce costs, and improve care.” --President George W. Bush, State of the Union Address, January 20, 2004 http://www.whitehouse.gov/infocus/technology/economic_policy... It isn't hard to see that electronic medical records are "the next big thing" in medicine. Every hospital administrator knows it is coming, and many big software companies are trying to build it. http://www-304.ibm.com/jct03004c/businesscenter/smb/us/en/he... http://www.emc.com/solutions/samples/healthcare-life-science... Bush and Obama just want to have their name attached to some "electronic medical records" law, that way they can take credit for it once it arrives. There are about 800,000 doctors in the US ( http://www.census.gov/compendia/statab/ranks/rank18.html ); lets conservatively estimate 5 times that many other medical workers providing patient services (e.g., nurses, PA's, medical office assistants). All these people need to be trained on the new system, except the ones who are replaced by it (1). Every hospital and doctor's office in America need to modify their business practices to fit the new electronic system, and more than 300 million sets of medical records need to be entered into the new system. (There are about 300 million people with medical records, many of whom have seen multiple doctors.) The new system also needs to correctly deal with most aspects of medicine, and be flexible enough that unforeseen circumstances can still be tracked. I don't think $100 billion is unreasonable. (1) [edit] amusing question: Obama talks about "212,000 new jobs created". I wonder how that compares to the jobs which will be "stolen" by the new technology he proposes? I'm all in favor of creative destruction, I just find the language amusing. I agree, hence my use of scare quotes around "stolen." I imagine it will be equivalent of 1-2 semesters of college courses ($3-5,000). It's not like we can just throw a highly discoverable UI at them and hope most nurses can figure it out. The medical office assistant now needs to understand the whole system well enough to figure out which external records are mine (and not those of another guy with the same name as me living in Buffalo). That's trickier than figuring out ebay. It might be a bit short of $15k/person, but its not too far off. There are deployment costs. Existing business practices will need to be changed. The transition will need to be seamless, or else treatment orders get lost. Add in the costs of it being a government operation, and you get a number on the order of $100 billion. Maybe $50 billion is a better number than $100 billion, but $1 billion is probably far short of what it should be. From the article: "After all, most parents want their children to be far left in their early years — to share toys, to eschew the torture of siblings, to leave a clean environment behind them, to refrain from causing the extinction of the dog, to rise above coveting and hoarding, and to view the blandishments of corporate America through a lens of harsh skepticism." I'm not really sure how any of these are even left wing values, let alone far left. My best guess: the authors of the book are part of the far left (most academics are, particularly outside the sciences) and believe that conservatives are evil racist sociopaths. Therefore, anything teaching children how to play well with others is left wing. From my .emacs: ;Sets sentence end to be .?!, but with 1-space after sentence terminator rather than 2. ;I have no idea why 2 spaces is the default. (setq sentence-end "[.?!][]\"')}]*\\($\\| $\\| \\| \\)[ ]*") Your numbers suggest very little, one way or the other. People who make bad marriage choices are more likely to get divorced. Bayes rule implies that divorcees are therefore more likely to be the type of people who make bad marriage choices, and second/third marriages are more likely to fail. I'll give a simple numerical example. I assume some people marry badly, and have an intrinsically higher probability of divorce. I assume the probability of divorce does not change after the first marriage. Let MB = Marries Badly, and D = Divorce. Assume P(MB)=0.5, P(D|MB)=0.9 and P(D|!MB)=0.1. Then: P(MB | D) = P(D | MB) P(MB) / P(D) = 0.9 x 0.5 / 0.5 = 0.9. So 90% of divorcees marry badly. Therefore, a person who has gotten one divorce has a probability of getting divorced on their second marriage of: P(D | MB) x 0.9 + P(D | !MB) x 0.1 = 0.82 Therefore, in this model, 50% of first marriages and 82% of second marriages will end in divorce. Other statistics might show this (if so, please post them), but my model proves little. I could tweak it to get 67% second marriage failure rate (first marriage has no effect, good or bad), or 60% failure rate (first marriage adversely affects the second). More complex models are possible too. My point is simply that the numbers provided prove nothing. Just basic economics. The Law of Sunk Cost: if you abandon a project, then all the money you sank into it to begin with is lost! Therefore, never abandon a project, always throw good money after bad. Forget predicting the future, there is plenty of data on the present. Here are some nice graphs: http://www.minneapolisfed.org/publications_papers/studies/re... Although I've only had non-trivial procedures done on me once or twice, I've never seen a checklist used. As for ignoring checklists on a day to day basis, this could be solved by making them a required part of a patient's medical record. That way, doctors are constantly being assessed on the basis of completing a checklist. You could even publish stats on it. "No checklist, no payment" would also be a good way to enforce it. While your stats are nonsensical and incorrect, I agree there is a big problem with Witch Doctor, M.D. An experience I once had: Me: I have nerve pain in my pinky and right side of the forearm. [Shows the doctor where it hurts.] Dr: You are a programmer. I think you have carpal tunnel syndrome. Me: I've got pain in my forearm. Also, the ulnar nerve is what connects to the pinky, and that doesn't pass through the carpal tunnel. Are you sure about that? Dr: Are you questioning my judgement? I'm happy to say I have found a doctor who does practice the scientific method. Unfortunately, not all do. A doctor may try and fail to deliver science-based medicine. Some doctors are even intellectually incapable of doing this, and practice cargo cult medicine (compare to cargo cult programmers). They vaguely follow some science-based procedures without really understanding what they are doing. A naturopathic "doctor" does not even attempt to use science, at least not consistently. Naturopathic medicine is feel-good mumbo jumbo. Some of it works (your guacamole example), some of it is utterly wrong (homeopathy) but still used. Naturopathic medicine does not, even in principle, attempt to use science-based medicine. Science-based medicine, like most human endeavors, is flawed. It doesn't always do what it should do. The solution is more science, not the complete abandonment of science in favor of new-age nature-worshipping religion. As for your stats, just FAIL. One example: There are 98,000 medical-mistake caused deaths. The 37,136 deaths due to unnecessary procedures and the 32,000 surgery related deaths are a subset of the 98,000 medical errors. You just can't add them, which your source does. I'll illustrate the mistake with cows: I have 98,000 cows. In particular, I have 37,136 black cows and 32,000 white cows. Therefore, I have at least 167,136 cows. According to wikipedia, homeopathy and acupuncture are taught at all six accredited naturopathic schools in North America. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naturopathy#Modalities Incidentally, the effect of plants is the result of the interaction of the chemicals inside the plants with the chemicals in the body. Willow bark reduces pain because it has aspirin in it. If, as you say, naturopaths are just practicing scientific medicine but using plants rather than chemicals, all they are doing is adding a new source of errors to traditional medicine. Rather than giving a patient 200mg of aspirin, you give them a plant which is likely to have about 200mg of aspirin in it (more or less). Is there conclusive evidence that in general, it is better to eat the whole plant rather than just a controlled dose of the active chemical? As for the illegality of various drugs (coca tea, pot), I agree our legal system is fucked up. Not sure how naturopathy helps here, unless naturopaths routinely break the law. "Of course the dosages are a lot more variable than if you just got a pill, but that's why you go back to your naturopathic doctor every week or so..." How does that help? More frequent control does not reduce the noise in the inputs. The naturopathic shaman doesn't know what he gave you. He has no way to know if he should give you two plants vs one, or if the plant he gave you just has an abnormally low dose of the chemical. "The whole idea is that the medicine is based around what makes you feel better, not what works for the average person as compared to a placebo." And that's why it is unscientific. All you know is how you felt before, and how you feel now. You can't know the cause of your change in feeling, except in a randomized trial. Update: my Aunt informed me that there was a private swearing in at precisely 12:00. She claims the 12:03 oath was just for the TV. She sourced this to an anonymous TV talking head on a channel she doesn't recall. Anyone able to confirm/deny this? False. Condi remains SoS until she is fired by Obama Why lock your door when your windows are made of easily breakable glass? You should never hire a musician who doesn't play for fun. You should never hire an artist who doesn't paint/draw/whatever for fun. Seems to work ok for creative professions. Newspapers are in the business of selling ads. They only require you to buy the newspaper as a filter to make sure you don't take a newspaper without reading it. An engineering solution we could build today: nuclear power. Ask any mainstream environmentalist what they think about it. See also opposition to GM food. This doesn't even get into the horrified reactions you hear when you bring up geoengineering. Climate models (which we trust, right?) tell us that careful geoengineering can prevent reverse AGW. Side note: the idea that the Patriot act was sitting on the shelf for years is more than just a rumor. Joe Biden confirmed that he wrote the original version of it in 1995. http://news.cnet.com/8301-13578_3-10024163-38.html?tag=newsL... This is the sort of reasoning that gives children names like 'Uniq' and 'Latrina'. (2) housing prices skyrocketed due to competition from the banker douches, meaning that standards of living declined substantially for the lawyers, doctors, etc. I don't think it's fair to complain that "banker douches" raised house prices. There were plenty of non-bankers getting in on the housing price bubble. There were enough people that this TV show ( http://www.aetv.com/flipthishouse/ ) was viable. Incidentally, academia is solidly middle class and successful academics can easily buy a home. Tenured professors have almost no risk of default or prepayment and banks give them great loan terms as a result. Another point of comparison: my Ph.D. adviser attracts plenty of golddiggers. By the way, why all the hostility ("banker douches", "under-cultured jackasses") towards people who chose a different career path than you? The housing price bubble was a national phenomenon that can't be pinned on bankers, but New York got hit especially bad, because of Wall Street, and has been slower to right itself than the rest of the country. One-bedroom apartments in Manhattan are still renting above $2000 per month. Price to rent has little to do with the housing bubble. You can't rent an apartment in the hopes of selling it later for a higher price. High rental prices suggest that prices were high due to consumption demand, not speculative demand. The best statistic for measuringthe housing bubble is (Price to own) / (price to rent). Typically this quantity remains flat, but goes up during bubbles. Prices going up because everyone wants to live in manhattan == not a bubble. And if you know anything about academia, you'll know that you do have to be pretty much a star to achieve even a middle-class income trajectory relative to age. I know a little about academia, being a postdoc myself. Academia is a tournament. The winners get a solidly middle class salary, excellent benefits and "never lose your job ever" security. Note: middle class, not rich. You won't get an apartment overlooking central park (and neither do most finance people), but you will get a house. The losers of the tournament are not academics; they wind up becoming quants, actuaries, programmers, etc, and typically make more money than the winners. So yes, academics do get a middle class salary. They probably could get an upper class salary elsewhere, but I never disputed that. The Ron Paul plan to prevent this economic mess (from 2002) was to stop inflating the housing bubble. http://www.ronpaul.com/2008-09-26/ron-paul-on-the-housing-bu... I don't see how "people of other nationalities should be allowed to freely compete with Americans" in any way leads to "slavery should be permitted". (I'm assuming you mean to imply that the caged compounds keep women in rather than keep pirates out.) My point is that there is no slippery slope. There is a very clear dividing line: forced labor and slavery. H1B's are on one side of that line, women trapped in caged compounds are on the other. The US gives you citizenship if you marry a citizen as well. All we do is investigate a little to make sure the marriage is real. I think it's more about paying for that line on the resume, and possibly the networking opportunity. Your advice is normally good, but I'm a bit concerned by the fact that the original poster is getting this advice from HN and not the adviser. In principle, the adviser should have told patty all of this, and made plans with the new school to bring students over. Most of the reasons I can think of for him not to do this (he doesn't care about his students, or dislikes the original poster) are signs that the original poster needs a different adviser. In other news, people standing on their toes makes measuring height meaningless. Therefore, we should stop measuring height. Problem: measurements are noisy, biased, and sometimes vague. Solution: stop measuring stuff? Height is a good measurement because it is standardized and objective: I stand on my heels, fully erect, adjacent to a ruler. The marking parallel with the top of my head is my height. What we should be doing is trying to bring grading to a similar level of objectivity and standardization, not throwing it away completely. For a sufficiently well designed test, the easiest route to higher marks would be actually understanding the material. The SAT sucks, and is easy to prep for. The only way to prep for the "standard" (1) calculus exam given at most universities is to actually get a basic understanding of the material. If people are standing on their toes in a height test (perhaps because Princeton Review told them to), the problem is not the use of standardized inches. The problem is that we aren't forcing people to stand on their heels. And even a bad test isn't useless; most people on their toes are shorter than me on my heels, and the bad height test will reflect this. (1) Even though there is no official inter-university standard calc test, they are pretty much all the same. Good interview, but I didn't notice any mention of a pending economic disaster. What if massive government spending sends us into some kind of never before seen (1) death spiral? Fearmongering about the end of the world can cut both ways, but it usually cuts in the direction you were already leaning. (1) Actually, the "stimulus"-caused inflationary death spiral has been seen before. However, I'm not going to argue that this will or will not happen as a result of the currently proposed stimulus. Fact is, I have no idea. Did someone say republicans? I hate republicans so much, and this post looks like a perfect place to complain about them. Thanks for the tip. I was completely unaware of that when I wrote my original post. That's why I posted a long political diatribe, rather than a short snarky emulation of people who use a post like this as an excuse to launch into long irrelevant political diatribes. The government pays for political campaigns, and I don't think the legality of that is in dispute. This doesn't seem much different from that. http://www.fec.gov/pages/brochures/pubfund.shtml Note: I think it's terrible policy, I'm just pointing out the precedent. The gov subsidizes parties. Campaign subsidies are given only to nominees of major and minor political parties, and party conventions are subsidized directly. From my previous link: "The Presidential nominee of each major party may become eligible for a public grant..." "The amount of public funding to which a minor party candidate is entitled is based on the ratio of the party's popular vote in the preceding Presidential election..." "Each major political party is entitled to $4 million (plus cost-of-living adjustments)8 to finance its national Presidential nominating convention. A qualified minor party may become eligible for partial convention funding..." As for the constitutional basis, I agree that there is none. Then again, there is little to no constitutional basis for social security, medicare, the war on drug users, the department of education, etc. I'm just saying that gop.gov isn't anything special or unprecedented. Just a nit: Greenspun is wrong about food production technology. Food scarcity is no longer a problem: we have enough to feed everyone in the world, and make some of them fat. Distribution is an issue in some places, but production is a solved problem. You can easily commute from Jersey to Manhattan, make student loan payments and raise a child on $110k/yr. I did the first two on only $20,000/year (though I admit, my loans were a lot more sensible than those of the couple described in this article). You could also live on $110k manhattan if you are willing to live north of 111th st. A 2br 2bath up there ran $2100/month back during the bubble (less now). Could you define comfortable? I'm really curious to know what goods and services are beyond your reach at $110k/year. I've also done the math and lived it. Commuting from jersey is better, but even manhattan (north of 111'th st) is quite livable. You can rent a 3bdrm apt for $1500 in JC, easily enough space for a family of 3-4. Utilities, figure $100-200/month. (Savings of $1200 over your numbers). Maybe you want a really big house? The apartments I'm talking about are close to the path, so forget the car (save $200). Path+subway every single day is $185/month (save $215), for a 23 min commute. So using your numbers, you are $1000 over break-even. In reality, you are closer to $2500 over break-even. How is this uncomfortable? You are doing it wrong. Commute in manhattan (one of the cities Retric mentioned) is $81/month. http://www.mta.info/metrocard/mcgtreng.htm#30day $1500 is roughly what you would pay in Journal Square or the heights. The really nice areas you mentioned cost a bit more, of course. http://newyork.craigslist.org/search/aap/jsy?query=jersey+ci... I'm not sure it's a good idea to be making 100 year investments: many such investments will turn out to be investments in a 100 year buggy whip factory. Consider, for instance, passenger rail to Detroit, Gary or Buffalo (in 1900). Note: I'm not expressing an opinion on whether basic science qualifies, I'm too biased (my salary comes from an NSF grant). I'm just questioning the assumptions. Because they properly account for non-wage compensation? To begin, multiply teacher salaries by (12 months/year)/(9 months worked). Throw in the value of 3 consecutive months of vacation, great health plan, defined- benefit pensions (the pension plans that will soon bankrupt most states), and "can't get fired" job security. You'll find that teachers are paid quite nicely. A minor note: we didn't lose 40% of the world's wealth in this recession. In the years leading up to the recession, we wrongly believed the world's wealth to be 40% greater than it actually was. Figuring out that the true value is lower didn't destroy wealth, it just looks that way in many timeseries. I guess by "true value", I mean the value that assets would have had absent the housing-bubble induced speculative premium. My best estimate for this quantity: let gamma = (historical price to own)/(historical price to rent), with "historical" meaning pre-1995. Gamma was more or less constant up until the housing bubble. I'm guessing the "true value" of a house was in the neighborhood of gamma x (price to rent). It has an established reputation as a newspaper for intellectuals, i.e. every "intellectual" you know is reading it. They also write at a 12'th grade level, according to MS Word. (Compare to the NY Post, for instance.) I think that more or less explains their position in the market. Karma >= 2 would probably be sufficient. It rules out people who have not interacted with the community at all, without turning HN into some exclusive "members only" club. I think the point is that the benefits you get by replacing HFCS with sugar are minor, while the benefits you get by replacing soda with water are huge. A quick glance at wikipedia suggests this isn't correct: In the 1940s, upper-class students were the first to oppose Peronist workers, with the slogan: "No to espadrille dictatorship" (No a la dictadura de las alpargatas). The Roman Catholic Church's Argentine leaders, whose support of Perón's government had been steadily waning since the advent of the Eva Perón Foundation, were now open antagonists of the man they called "the Dictator." Though much of Argentina's media had, since 1950, been either controlled or monitored by the administration, lurid pieces on "the Dictator's" ongoing relationship with an underage girl, something Perón never denied, filled the gossip pages.[2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_Peron Not saying he was or wasn't a dictator (I have no opinion on the matter), but it looks like at least some of the opposition does describe him as such. Incidentally, a dictator can be elected democratically. Our eating habits are causing serious and pervasive health problems. For instance, life expectancy is several years lower than other rich countries. Increased demand for medicine due to overeating-induced disease is straining our economy, and is a serious point of political contention. "Ruinous" may be an exaggeration, depending on how you interpret the word. But it's fair to say that overeating is a serious problem for society and the individual. There is another market substitute for Lipitor: eating right (and getting some exercise). As for figures: as of the 90's, obesity alone directly accounted for 12% of our health care spending. I think that's a pretty reliable underestimate for spending today, since obesity has only increased since then, and medicine has only gotten more expensive. http://www.libraryindex.com/pages/2741/Economics-Overweight-... It may not rise to the level of "ruinous", it's definitely a big issue. Once we've reached such a future, all basic necessities will be so cheap and plentiful that no one minds having the government pay for them. So I see no reason an "extreme income tax" will be necessary. Another huge flaw: balkanization. Bring in millions of indians and chinese in one shot and they will probably cluster and form their own communities. This doesn't usually work very well. 1 million skilled new americans (modulo an assimilation schedule)? Sounds good. Giving a small chunk of america to 1 million indians and 1 million chinese? Not sure I like this idea. People have the right to live where they want, it's true. I don't advocate changing this. Taking into account their probable choices and the social results of those choices is just good policy. As for history, you should read up on it. We made concerted efforts to assimilate new immigrants. Assimilation happened because we pushed it. We don't do this any more. As for monoethnic communities, it's my understanding that the defaulted houses tend to be strongly clustered together. Combine this with the natural desire to cluster, and we get insular communities with strong foreign allegiances. I'm just not sure that that's a good thing. I don't recall advocating protectionism or shutting off immigration. I favor it, and I said so in my previous comment. I just think we need to actively manage it to avoid unpleasant side effects. I want immigration policies which promote this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anousheh_Ansari I want the policies also to discourage this: http://www.laweekly.com/2006-07-27/news/they-wanted-all-blac... Similarly (on a topic which avoids knee-jerk responses), I support increased bike usage, while I oppose bike use on sidewalks . It can work, but it's not for everyone. I know a short bald guy in his 50's who currently has three 30-ish girlfriends (russian golddiggers, I think) he found over the internet. However, I think his entire life (outside of work) consists of chasing women over the internet. He also claims great skill at writing seductive emails. The internet works for weird people seeking compatibly weird wives also. On the other hand, for me, internet == FAIL. It would have filtered out 2 of my 3 serious relationships. Last, you are probably too young for internet dating to work. I get the impression it's more for the 30+ crowd who didn't get tied down when they were younger. Because that lets politicians talk about $BIGNUM in "tax relief" and also $BIGNUM2 in "protecting the vulnerable"? Another fun fact, obscured by the headlines, is that "tax relief" includes wealth transfers from taxpayers to non-taxpayers ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/refundablecredit.asp ). I think it's more a "Humans vs Computers" debate. Some background: Tom Hales cleverly reduced the Kepler Conjecture to the solution thousands of linear programming problems: if all the solutions are bigger than something, the kepler conjecture is true. Then he had a computer solve the LP problems, and the result was that Kepler was true. However, his solution was informal in the following sense; he didn't have a rigorous proof that the solution of the LP problems was accurate, nor were his programs proven correct. Now he is attempting to redo the proof in HOL, a formal theorem proving system. More background: no math paper is completely formal. All involve some handwaving, especially the 200 page monsters that appear in Annals of Math. An example from a paper I'm currently writing: "It can be easily seen by elementary calculus arguments that..." Doron is arguing that the mathematical community is holding Hale's computer proof to a higher standard than it would hold a comparable 200 page human-written paper. Basically, he is claiming that we should accept an informal computer-assisted proof just like we would accept an informal human-written proof. He isn't disagreeing with the goals of math as practiced. All your quotes illustrate is that he thinks the usual methods are woefully inefficient. More quotes: "and I believe that mathematicians who continue to do pure human, pencil-and-paper, computer-less, research, are wasting their time." If they learned how to program, in, say, Maple, and used the same mental energy and ingenuity while trying to use the full potential of the computer, they would go much further. I.e., human + computer >> human. "The axiomatic method is not even the most efficient way to prove theorems in Euclidean Geometry." Thanks to Rene Descartes, every theorem in Euclidean Geometry is equivalent to a routine identity in high-school algebra, I.e., verifying algebraic identities is easier than euclidean proofs, especially if done by maple. His main argument is simply that computer-assisted proofs should not be held to a higher standard than human-only proofs. He isn't arguing against classical mathematical proofs. He is arguing that informal computer assisted proofs should not be held to a higher standard than informal human created proofs. Ok, reading that article left me with one important question: wtf is automatic differentiation? Luckily wikipedia exists. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automatic_differentiation The markers simply prove that race is, indeed, a definable category. This makes the question "is group A different from group B in way X?" meaningful. It proves nothing about the answer, nor is it intended to. For comparison, a less meaningful question is "are biologically NY people smarter than biologically NJ people?" The question doesn't even make sense since you can't differentiate between NY and NJ people biologically. As for whether the markers are likely or not to be correlated with interesting phenotypes, I'll wait to see data before guessing about what is likely. population growth is what usually follows a country's increased economic output. Epic fail. Some graphs: http://www.indexmundi.com/g/g.aspx?v=24&v=67&c=mx... http://www.indexmundi.com/g/g.aspx?v=24&v=67&c=in... http://www.indexmundi.com/g/g.aspx?v=24&v=67&c=ch...