Put another way: "animals are vessels for souls while waiting for reincarnation". It now applies to everything souls (possibly) reincarnate into, while still being true. I think that viewed in this way, it is obvious that the Buddhist concept of a soul is not human centric. The soul would be an entity trying to escape a cycle of reincarnation (and one of the potential candidates for reincarnation is a human). Aliens could fit right in there as just another vessel. When the immune system learns to destroy cells, it also remembers the markers for bad cells. If you have (for example) cancerous liver cells and your immune system learns to destroy these, the potential exists for it to learn markers that are also present on normal liver cells. After your cancer is gone, this memory that partially (or entirely) applies to regular cells will lead to your immune system trying to destroy normal, healthy cells. Your life absolutely belongs to you. It's true that other people suffer with you, but ultimately the decision is 100% your own. It's possible to be supportive and try to keep someone alive as long as possible without making them feel like they're slaved to someone else's desires. I think everyone deserves to feel autonomous. If you have the requisite genetic triggers, bipolar has only a chance of popping up. It's triggered by circumstances in your life that present significant stress/hardship. Next to that, there are also plenty of people that manage to wean themselves off medication after they've been on it for a few years. It's not something you're necessarily stuck with for the rest of your life. "Might be true given a million other factors" isn't really the sort of truth you're looking for when trying to get advice. Let's not turn Dutch cities into another example of the horrifying panopticon that UK cities have become. Leaving aside the question of competence, what alternatives would you suggest? Actually looking at this map, I'm still seeing significant flooding without anything holding water back. When I read your comment I assumed you somehow provided evidence that worrying about the water/coast is nonsensical, reading the map I see the opposite. You can hope that that's the case, but that doesn't mean that it is. In my experience, it is emphatically not the case. The whole idea of electron is that it is built on top of a deeply flawed framework. I can't speak for anyone else, but I cannot see the appeal to writing for something that is broken by design. This is simply untrue. You can try spending some time having an actual conversation with real animal rights activists, you might find out that they're real nuanced people (just like you, hopefully). What Facebook (or for that matter Google) does is not competition. They're far too large to really compete with when you're getting up and running. Everything that even gets close to something they do or might want to do gets bought out. I can't imagine anyone thinks such a situation is in the best interest of the user. A good chunk of his advice is applicable even in moderately high-cost labour countries such as Germany or the Netherlands. I'm sure it also means any other deviation from the norm. Framed as something intrinsically bad, or at least indicative of deafness to tone. That's an even worse idea. You've shifted all of the data from the agency at least tangentially concerned with people's welfare to a corporation only concerned with profit. For a lot of the classes I took, this is what the hours looked like for my classmates as well. I do not think it's that unusual, even. While I grant that you may be correct in this case, this isn't a tenable position to take in general. An overwhelming amount of people do believe patently ridiculous things, and frequently talks about them as if they make sense. The US has a competent military. The country is fundamentally christian - I don't see why the two need to be mutually exclusive. There is a mandatory fee that you will pay for being connected to cable (which most people are, even if they don't necessarily use the TV). This pays for the "free" channels that everyone gets. For people in the EU a EULA isn't legal anyway - unless you need to explicitly agree with it before you can buy the car. Conversations has had frequent complaints about battery life issues, which to my knowledge have always been closed with some variation of "just ask about this on the chat" and/or "this is not something that can be fixed". In the past, I've noticed it doesn't work well for my battery life personally as well (so it's not just rumour). For something that needs to run on a phone, battery life is one of the most important factors to make something actually useful. While the GUI looks great and I don't remember any usability warts, I don't think it's fair to recommend something with an issue this big. As a rule you won't actually get back all the expenses if the case takes a (few) year(s), it's more a symbolic amount. As someone who lives in a country full of easily accessible porn and prostitution, I can promise you the kids here are as depraved as they are anywhere else (that is to say, not very). Human beings need a little bit of downtime for general decompression and whatnot in my experience (unless you want to go for that coveted 35yo burnout status). I'm not saying that that 2-3 hours of tv/social media can't be more efficiently spent on a different form of relaxation plus some kind of after-work job/hobby, but I do think it's oversimplifying a bit to say that leisure activities = waste. The US is not very culturally homogeneous, at least not as far as I understand it. It's precisely this kind of entitled rhetoric that pushes people away from contributing at all. Please try to consider that on the other end of a conversation there is a human being, who doesn't owe you anything and does what he does (in this case) out of pure charity. Wire drains the battery of your phone so hard it's unusable in practice. There has been a bug report about this open since May 2017, with a note that "we're working on it". It hasn't been solved so far. It's important to consider that when you work in any kind of advertising capacity, you are already part of the problem. Anything you have to say that moderates how big of an issue it is should already be suspect to anyone with even a modicum of critical thinking ability. At that point you could try to ask yourself whether or not what you're doing is truly ethical. Maybe then we'd collectively get somewhere. If you prefer to put faith in people's abilities (at this point in time) you're being intentionally headstrong in the face of overwhelming proof that that doesn't work. It's been a very long time since the games in question have launched and they're filled with toxicity. It's kind of sad to realise reading a comment like this now makes me instantly suspicious about whether or not this is "true" enthusiasm or something motivated by profit. It's a fundamentally hard problem to solve, but IMO it is one of the bigger hurdles facing places like this now. I encourage you to maybe go the the EU at some point in your life (and have some meaningful interaction with corporate life there). That will demonstrate to you that the sentiment you're addressing is patently false: Companies in the EU vigorously and constantly hire new people, even though employees have rights. The high end ones take maybe 20s to dry your hands off. Properly drying your hands with paper towels takes at least as long and it wastes paper. What is your problem with an air dryer? I think you'll find almost every community of a competitive game eventually turns into a mostly toxic one. I don't really understand why (it seems a little reductionist to say that most people are toxic and therefore as a community grows most of it will tend towards being toxic), but I keep seeing it no matter what kind of game it is (RTS, MOBA, RPG, etc) I don't understand why you would pick Arabic as an example here. There are languages you could take as alternatives to the mentioned fantasy languages (Mandarin, German if you read a lot of technical literature, etc) that are significantly more relevant and likely to be useful online. Regardless of whether or not this is true (and really it seems to me to be a bit more malicious than large groups of people are consistently capable of), this isn't a super useful way of looking at it. Rather than speculate on why things are the way they are (especially if in this case it's pretty much unsolvable without really big changes), shouldn't we look to solve the problems this is causing (which by and large involves "merely" collecting large amounts of data, which is much less difficult and much more attainable in the short term)? Once blocking by US websites becomes a little more widespread there will be EU alternatives to fill the gaps. Normally I'm not a huge fan of such solutions, but if the alternative is exposing myself to the wild west of unregulated selling of my personal data that is the US I'll learn to live with it. While I agree with your opinion about the GDPR, your analysis of Europe is otherwise plainly wrong. You would be aware of this if you actually followed EU politics (there is currently a strong trend towards right-wing / center politics. Left-leaning parties are moderately out of favour), which you definitely do not have to do. Just try not to spread misinformation on the internet: There is plenty of it to go around already. Because it's the right thing to do? I don't understand why this needs to devolve into an "us vs them" scenario that ends up with the US growing their literal tent slums. Worst case you have to pay (a lot of) fines (at least in the jurisdiction where I am jail time is not an option for stuff like this). That just makes the price go up by however much the fines are and doesn't solve anything. In the end, people are free to do what they want. This is vastly preferable to accidentally leaking customer information. If this is the price we have to pay for having good guarantees that we can be forgotten, I think it is a worthwhile tradeoff. Isn't the whole point of studying these things to find out if what you're saying is true? While it is possible you are correct, I'd really hesitate to say it's obvious in any way, especially as there is a large swathe of population that doesn't particularly care about art. On the other hand, the segment that really doesn't at all like candy is much smaller. This is a tired trope, because this seems to forget that more people also equals more resources to deal with more people. It's not a substantive argument to just say "well there's more of us so this can never work", which is what I assume you're trying to say here. Why was that a huge red flag to you? "contact data" is already a pretty nebulous term. If my experience with European business websites is anything to go by, this is not the sort of requirement that the GP is talking about. He's saying there are more important things in the world to worry about. In what way did you read it? You'll be dismissed as a crackpot, and if it was online you can bet it'll come out in the kind of checks that will be performed for high-profile jobs. Those are very real repercussions, they're just less obvious. The way it would be treated is the domain would be taken down (if that were requested by the victim). I'm not sure if that is EU law or something local. I am fairly certain a lot of EU countries have local provisions that effectively mean the same. I'm not talking about the German laws. Germany is not the right example for how the EU works because in cases like this they are almost always much, much stricter than everyone else. The requirements you noted for a business in the more general case (EU-wide, in other words) are much more lax. Telling them to GTFO doesn't really comfort you if you receive fake (hopefully) bomb packages at home or whatever else (frequent mailings of poop for example). The local police generally also doesn't do very much for you (unless it's really bad, like a real immediate threat to your life from an actual pipe bomb). Even if they do, that doesn't mean it will stop anytime soon. In the meantime it's slowly eating away at your sanity: Is this real mail? Can I go outside for groceries without getting stabbed? These are not fun concerns to have to have. Seeing as it's 100% avoidable and unnecessary to have this information available in this way, I don't think it is a bad thing to remove it. Nowhere in this post do you successfully make the case that he's not old money. You may have demonstrated that he didn't fall victim to many of the tropes that his contemporaries did, but the fact remains he had (a lot) more than most people would at any point in time (including opportunities and contacts). I still remember the moment when Bill Gates switched from being the "Microsoft guy" (during those times sort of akin to the new Satan) to being the "philanthropist" that he is now. I'd say it's been a very successful bit of public relations for him if this is how you see him now. This is false. There are third parties specialised in getting you compliant if you're unsure what to to - you can send your (legal/technical) questions to them and they answer you. It still baffles me to this day that people just lie/spread misinformation on the internet (yes, there is a relevant XKCD for this) yet here we are. It might not be uncommon in your neck of the woods, but where I exist this isn't common at all. Everyone has to work, and the luxury of being able to save "quite some money" (or work far less, which is more or less the same thing) definitely doesn't go to people who I'd call a "dev" (and not say, a consultant or upper management). This website is an echo chamber for holocaust deniers and other such paragons of empathy and humanity. I know this because a friend of mine recently mentioned how he started on this site because it claimed to be "censorship free" and when he checked back a (long) while later it was all extreme racism and other things like that. In light of that, having and actively using an account here doesn't look good for you. Unless you're already actively tainted by this sort of thing or you happen to live in a country where this kind of behaviour is accepted (do those exist?). Pollution is a problem for the whole planet - we already know this. What is the sense in "letting the market decide" (whatever that means. Markets don't make any decisions, but I digress) if we already know the outcome we want. Legislate what we want to do and let's move on with our lives. What is wrong with Mute? I actually really liked how they captured the feeling that goes with living with the kind of liberal arts studiers (it's a bit of a generalisation, but I think it holds) that make a group of people like that. They pretty much nailed the ambiance and the personal interactions, even if they were occasionally a bit overblown. That is something movies do. If you're in the US (I'm going by the reference to a lawsuit), then I don't think it is. This is just the way this company does business and in the states they are free to do so. The kinds of organisations paying literal tons of euros/dollars/whatever to their CEO's? I have yet to find a charitable organisation that doesn't basically funnel my money into the pocket of someone like that. It's (in my view) actually part of a more fundamental cultural issue that glorifies ignorance and faith. Faith is not a bad thing, but you shouldn't base your decisions on it if it is not necessary. Until that issue gets fixed, everyone can start voting democrat (or that other third flavour nobody seems to like) but it won't actually do anything. All the insane people will flock to the democratic party (because that's where all the power is!) and you'll have a new giant problem, just with a different name. A proper one with some kind of meat in it? Or just a bald one with maybe some lettuce in it? Didn't he recently just wake up and decide to fire some rockets on Syria? You call that relative peace? Why are you trying to downplay how incompetent one president it is by highlighting another candidate? Maybe it is true that they would both have been relatively incompetent, but that is not the point being made here. The example you're giving also does not serve to put things in perspective, as it is also an egregious offense. This effort doesn't need to be acknowledged, just like it doesn't need to be acknowledged if you stop for a red light. It's something you should do, nothing more. They will not ask for location like that, because it wouldn't make a difference - EU citizens in a non-EU part of the world still have the rights outlined in the GDPR. The backups that you can retain are hard to justify further back than about a year (if you even manage to do that), and if you ever use them you have to make sure the data that was deleted because of a request before is not in there again. That won't work. They also cannot retain data that could be aggregated to identify you as a person. Anonymising by removing an ID is not actually doing that, it's just theater. The GDPR has provisions for that. Bottom line is: if you start fudging things or working around it, you're going to get fined. If you've never seen any evidence of that, you've not looked very hard: This is what every supermarket does for their filler jobs, and to a lesser extent for their till and other store facing jobs as well. If you're over 18, you have to be very lucky to keep your job (or more realistically, to keep being given work) in such a situation. Outside of supermarkets this sort of practice is also pretty entrenched in a lot of small-medium IT businesses: They have a sizeable portion of their workforce as trainees or whatever (they may be underpaid legally, so they almost always are) and don't hire them after their time is up (ever, as a rule). New trainees are then cycled into the slots that are now vacant. I would posit that if not everyone has access to healthcare, it's not a developed country. You must meet very different teenagers than I do. Every store that has trash work to do here (for which they want to pay as little as possible) has teenagers working for them. The service industry employs them where they can get away with it too. Technology has allowed it basically forever. The trouble is they're annoying to use, so nobody does. As hilarious as this is as a statement, I'd really love to see some backup for this as I just cannot believe this is even close to true. Not if you know what the license actually means, which you will if you did it at a company. You realise that cages for babies are literally a thing already? The only difference is the top is open because actual children cannot fly. I think you also understand already that if you're not properly informed, you're not really consenting. This is like putting super small text in a contract and then saying "but you signed it!". On some level most people feel that this isn't a genuine dealing and that it isn't fair. Let's not muddy those waters by arguing about whether or not US law thinks it's OK to take advantage of people in this way (the only reason I mention this at all is that these discussions usually devolve into that and it's incredibly tiresome). I think I can live with that if the tradeoff means I don't have to deal with literal nazis on the internet. This kind of appeal to authority is not only strictly useless, in this case it's also kind of hilarious in how much you appear to have missed the point. You spent all that time studying, but you never took the time to take a step back and have a more measured response to something you don't agree with? "mindfulness" is precisely the parts of spirituality that could nicely be packaged and sold to people that feel there's something missing from their lives. Now there is this commercial alternative that everyone appears to be in to, and the word is used so much it's basically lost all meaning (to be fair this happens to everything that is over marketed). I don't understand this. Why even mention it in that case? Is it just for marketing reasons? I don't know about the person in question, but in order: * Yes, but the age bracket for me is _very_ wide (it says "alive and not in need of new knees yet probably", but not much more) * They didn't have this info * This was wrong * No, they didn't have this (although the country itself was correct) * Wrong * They did not have this This is for the US, the country that appears to be almost fanatically opposed to making safe cycling paths. Of course you're going to have more terrible accidents then (with or without a helmet). How do you manage to fall face first from a bicycle? It's too late now in any case. Removing them is cute, but in terms of security credentials can only be rotated now. Removing them doesn't help when someone has already pulled that history previously. No, it is typically done with natural gas still (at least, that is the kind I see almost everywhere). A lot of new housing developments use electricity though (occasionally combined with solar heating tanks). My "fast" cycle takes 40 minutes. How is that slow? Sure, if you set it to ultra power saving mode (in my case this is the default) it'll take hours, but that is just the environmentally conscious thing to do. Not to mention it's better for your wallet. In a household full of disease you should be disinfecting (I mean with ethanol, not with soap) your hands before you handle the food anyway. I love that even the new york times is apparently incapable of introducing a cookiebar that conforms to the actual law they're trying to conform to. It's not especially complicated to not give me cookies unless I say I'm OK with receiving them, instead they've gone with the "implied consent" option (again) that is pretty explicitly not consent anymore. A bit more than two notches I'd say. The correlation between those is pretty enormous. If you're managed poorly the grass is almost definitely going to stay greener even when you are also on that other side. You're very blessed if you've never experienced that first hand. How is it racism to say India has a caste system and they've had a lot of practice? It has nothing to do with the colour of their skin (or whatever else you usually base "race" on - I'm not from a culture that uses it like that so I don't understand fully), rather it's a given of the country. It implies he completed 365 chapters but says nothing about repetition of the chapters. It's not true where I am in Europe, this sort of info is accessible to government employees only. Being socially celebrated gets you all the things people teach you mean success as you're growing up: Money, probably a beautiful wife, the admiration of your peers. I agree with you that doesn't have to matter but I don't think you should underestimate how much that flies in the face of what most people have been taught matters most. Atheism says "god does not exist and I'm sure about this". This is exactly like saying "it's impossible for me to win the lottery" - that is the stupid position to take, because you know in this case it is untrue. Anything theological is impossible to prove one way or the other (or at least I've never heard of anything remotely approaching proof) and therefore a position of certainty one way or the other must be lunacy. There's nothing wrong with telling people to be careful, however it is important that you give them a full picture of what went wrong with you so they can avoid it. Otherwise you're just appropriating a past experience to further an agenda. Yes, you should be. You should claim uncertainty about anything you cannot prove in any way, shape or form. It's fine to say you believe something is the case, but at that point you're talking about faith and you don't get to say what a "wrong" position is - it's faith after all. In any case, we're drifting way off-topic here. It's fine if you don't agree with what I think atheism is, although I would be interested to see what kind of definition you base it on. Aside from the definition (this means an outside source, not just something you write down here) I'd also be curious what you see as the difference between agnosticism and atheism. There's a whole slew of arguments that could be made here, but let's keep it simple: Providing anyone with information about me should be a voluntary act. If I choose not to do so, it is none of your or anyone else's business why I do not want to. This choice is not available in the case of UTM's, at least not in a transparent way that doesn't involve manually stripping them from every URL you click (which is sensitive to user error). If you're that paranoid, it's actually not very hard to audit the code in this case. Unless you go so far as to not trust the whole stack it's running on, but in that case you should stop using your browser entirely. For a sane threat model the confidence in your own audit should be reasonably high. The trouble is that they might target a group that you are logged to be a part of. For a concrete example, the reason the Nazis were so successful in finding Jews in the Netherlands is because the government there kept (and keeps, if I'm not mistaken) a list of people and which faith they belong to. That list was then handed over to the invaders, who made really good use of it in the time after. Nobody before that point really stopped to consider whether or not it was a good idea this data existed in the hands of the people that had it. If they did, they probably thought there was nothing to hide (or even that it was a good idea, perhaps). At this point, we should know better. For the ones targeted, there were no bigger problems than the fact that someone had this data about them. You can't receive any actual money (only amazon money, which is much less useful) as a worker outside of the US as far as I know. If you actually care about privacy touching the US in any way, shape or form is very, very dumb. If you care about privacy, don't host it on US infrastructure. There has been so much exposure about this, that should have been enough to teach you not to burn yourself. The only thing which would make that outrageous would be an element of force (which would make it not consent anyway, but I digress). Instead, you're giving an example that explicitly allows for a denial. That's exactly as it always should have been, so I really don't understand what the point is that you're trying to make here. "she is in no position to refuse being filmed, anywhere in the school, showers, toilets, anything." This actually made me chuckle a little. I genuinely have no idea if you're joking here because this sentence is ridiculous. Read the actual law (it's in english, so you can). It mentions this fairly unambiguously. Then automate it. If you can't automate it within one month plus two months extension, you have bigger problems than GDPR requests. The only thing I can do as a customer is be mildly amused at the fact that you're complaining it's inconvenient for you to respect my privacy now that a law is coming into effect forcing you to do so. From the other end of the spectrum, I know you're wildly exaggerating the difficulty of compliance. Toothpaste is poisonous isn't it? Swallowing it wouldn't be something that makes me happy. If you need to have data to comply with other laws, the GDPR does not apply and thus there is no problem. Sadly this is from a paper I read when I was somewhere between 8 and 13 so it is entirely possible I formed the wrong conclusions at the time. Edit: Needless to say, I don't remember the title. Perhaps I should re-investigate it. Yes, because being against a law that is both reasonable and the right thing to do doesn't make any sense when you're a real live human being. The hysteria about businesses imploding under legislation is classic internet outrage at a phenomenon not very well understood. If you actually took the time to read the source material, you could very see that it's reasonable and made to protect you. At the same time, you would see that there will not be any world-ending fines handed out for literally no reason (on a slight tangent I don't understand why it is so impossible to grasp that this isn't something that happens in the EU). The real concern here is the people dying right now. The "future of warfare" is no warfare - it's exactly this kind of thinking that drives "well we should research it because someone else most definitely is" type of scenario's, which is what got us into the nuclear mess. In most places the magstrip is disabled (both on the cards and in the readers) because it's insecure and there was a lot of low-effort cloning going around. Don't forget all the little tricks in chaining them! And all the magic you can do with pipes. No, it won't be - because that sort of strong arming is precisely not compliance. You may argue that they won't be punished for it (I don't think that is likely, but you are right to think it's an option), but you are wrong to say it is a natural consequence of compliance. Their argument was about incentives, not about poverty. I don't understand the relation between your argument and theirs at all. Saying "foreigners are more often criminals", while not necessarily xenophobic in nature (as in, you don't have to have strictly xenophobic thoughts to come to such a conclusion), doesn't lead to a nice and balanced conversation. That is leaving aside the correlation/causation dilemma which you're just sidestepping here (it's correlative, not causative - unless you have some sort of proof for that, which I doubt). You should really stay away from this kind of outgroup = scum thinking. Tribalism and makes the world an actively worse place for having you in it (as the people in your ingroup gain little and everyone loses their humanity). Their job is actively harmful, because they exist to prey on the class of people that can't see through their bullshit. I agree that they are the low-level operators (and therefore perhaps not worth the effort to punish), but I do think it is high time we start viewing predatory sales as exactly what it is: predatory. He just said he does it and that it works. It doesn't make any sense to respond to that with "no it doesn't". I've always found that really incomprehensible as well - it's not something that is allowed here (legally) and it seems like it's basically just mean and nothing else. Why does that even happen? Not everywhere - there are countries for example that put you in a kind of servitude to the state, where a state-controlled agency takes all of your income and gives you a stipend to buy food and other necessities with. The rest gets used to pay stuff like your house first, and then all of it gets put into your various debts. Seeing as it's basically indentured servitude, I'm not sure how I feel about it. It's definitely better than prison though, because you're still (more or less) free to move around whenever you're not working. Every good desktop environment (even the tiling ones like i3) supports tray icons. It has nothing to do with the distro you are using. There is no consensus about how consciousness arises from the brain specifically, or how it works. We're pretty sure that if the brain breaks, the expression of consciousness will also break (occasionally in predictable ways). Further than that, you can make no definite statements about it and call yourself scientific. It's still mostly a philosophical problem with no clear solutions. Bitcoin is traceable by nature. Anyone who makes claims of anonymity either doesn't understand how it works or has a system in place that provides uncertainty (ie tumbling). Maybe where you are, but not where I am from. Here, you are considered a religious extremist if you do not support abortion (and I think that this is the reasonable stance, but that is not relevant right now). I'm thus not very concerned with what secondary agenda you associate this argument, and I will definitely not be careful of having an uncertain stance just because this is the case. Anything that doesn't say "We will do just that! It might take up to 30 days" and asks for up to two extensions afterwards is not compliant, so this would be an exceptionally dumb response. Of course you can. Otherwise what would be the point of them in the first place? "I guess they figured out everything correctly" You guess wrong. The situation you described does not comply with the GDPR. Report them to the legislative agency that handles these things in your region - if they're a big target they will be high up on the list of companies being audited. That is coercive, and therefore does not comply (nor does it actually mean consent). It announces "I'm using VPN", nothing more. It is unclear why you are asking these questions in the first place. What is a "Christian country"? It's a country founded on predominately christian ideals. If you thought about it, I think you can come up with some countries that definitely fall under that category. Do something similar to come to a list of countries that are predominately Muslim. While they obviously will not have identical standpoints, there is at least one that springs to mind instantly when you think "banned pornography". No, it is not one uniform religion, but thankfully that also wasn't the point. Cryo fees and compound interest are separate concepts. Just because the second is present, doesn't mean the first one will grow. The opposite is true: When more people want something, you scale up production (or someone else does) and the prices (generally) go down. It cannot be reversed without a significant amount of effort (really, even when you say the "entropy is quite small" it's not actually as small as you would think) and is therefore probably reasonable. Worst case a regulating body will tell you that no, they do not think "this will take 1-10 years to reverse" is quite good enough and then you can work with them on a solution that would be good enough. The most hilarious part of that is that you really don't need to. I've added a blacklist for everything (first party JS, styling, images) on medium.com and everything continues to work just fine. I don't remember specifically why I did that, but it's probably a dark pattern (such as a modal that pops up after one paragraph of reading) that annoyed me in the past. To be GDPR compliant, everything needs to be opt-in (except for the stuff that is critical to functionality). If you refuse to answer their questions, they need to assume that means "no". From this you can see that it's not your responsibility to tell them anything and you can still use their website just fine. This is the EU, not the US. This law was specifically crafted to prevent the kind of reptilian behavior that you're describing here. I honestly (and perhaps naively) expect you to understand the source material a little bit better if you're going to make blanket statements about it here. You are wrong. This is a misconception that has thankfully died down a bit over the past week or so, but apparently it is still a bit alive. There are accords in place between (for example) the US and the EU, which allows the EU to hand out fines overseas. The reverse is also true (the US can and does litigate in the EU). Nowhere do I imply that you are exhibiting reptilian behaviour, I said that you are describing it. What you could take personally is that I said you should not talk about things which you do not understand (unless it is to ask questions, which I could have added), which doesn't sound at all unreasonable to me. Why you assume that was a personal attack is completely outside of how I can read my own comment. When I say "it works fine" I mean "the text is on the page and in a reasonable font". There is a huge amount of wasted space in terms of crap content (banners, etc - all mangled because there is no JS) there, which would be annoying on mobile. This experience (in my mind) competes with websites that will not show the content at all without JS, which is not a high bar. Could you walk me through how you come to that conclusion? I admit my estimate was very ballpark, but "minutes" seems so wildly out of line with what I think I must be making a mistake somewhere. When did I mention case law? Shouldn't you be asking me for proof of the accords I mentioned, which is what I'm actually talking about? There is definitely a subsection of small business owners that operate that way (partially), but the overwhelming majority of cash flow is aboveboard (you can report cash to the tax authority, and yes this also happens) in my experience. To give you another anecdotal piece of data. If they make it very difficult to say no to extra processing (more than is required for the core business) that comes very close to coercion. Once the storm of US companies not complying (and let's be honest, the big corporations are currently not compliant in the least) and being fined has died down I can't imagine the regulatory bodies will not go after this kind of behaviour. I've been in Germany recently (with a card that is normally accepted elsewhere) and everything worked just fine. When was the last time you were there? No, because this is opt-out behaviour. It needs to be opt-in: To avoid personalised advertising, your actions required should be "none". It should work like that by default. This is hedonism. If you are a hedonist, then this sentence will not make sense to you. Some people go through their entire lives without ever thinking they could approach it any other way, so I don't think it's as wearying as you imply here. It all depends on what you think is important. That is true, however I think the point GP is making is that the failure mode is too catastrophic to actually entertain it as a possibility (I'm not saying I agree) "Yearning for the community/intimacy is a weakness" Do you seriously believe all human needs are just weakness? What will someone's life be like if all that 'weakness' was removed? To my mind, it'd be incredibly dull. So because the sentiment here is that it's no big deal, which you yourself say "is only easy if you’re a very experienced programmer or who knows what he’s doing" somehow the audience is less technical here. Perhaps the sentiment is that it's no big deal precisely because the audience knows how to solve this problem. This kind of US-centric "only we know how to do startups" is tiring. And wrong, as there are in fact hubs here full of startups - you just don't generally hear about them online because it really is incredibly focused on everything American. I'm not saying that is a bad thing, but it is important to keep that in mind before you form opinions that are frankly a little distant from reality. Perhaps they want to eat better and more often than most other people, and the party line doesn't really factor into that? It's not clear to me why structural protection would be better than self-policing, given that both can fairly trivially be manipulated by a wallet the size of a corporation. GDPR compliance for any company that isn't sacrificing their users' privacy to the dark gods of marketing is not hard. It is not risk. If your relevant regulatory body decides that your reasons are not legitimate (and if you definitely are using them to prevent service degradation and don't keep them around forever, I don't see why they would) then they will tell you so you can alter it. As it turns out not everyone agrees with you. That doesn't make it silly, that makes it a difference of opinion. And in any case, the point is that together all those little violations are a meaningful violation of your privacy. If it makes you anxious whether or not you are compliant, you're probably not. As a rule of thumb this goes pretty well with a lot of legislation. On the off chance that you're not just trolling, this is one of the main points of the GDPR. If this is news to you, I invite you to read up on the subject. What is evil about murder? If you honestly don't think that is a bad thing then I will grant you that for you, working with the military is fine. He is saying that any company that supplies to a military has an economic incentive to make sure war happens. Seeing as they profit from the size of the military, that's not exactly far-fetched. There is no "left" in american politics. Only right and extreme-right. A company has only one feedback point in the long run (people leave or die over that timeframe, so you can only count on the lowest common denominator there) and that is money. If that doesn't tell you something about a company's core motivation, then I'm afraid I can't make clear to you why counting on anything but economic incentives as motivation for a company's actions is naive at best. I have literally never encountered a large company that doesn't have good tax deals in some country or other. Good in the order of "pays basically no taxes". What do you want to call that? "Just good business"? Minecraft was going in the toilet slowly far before Microsoft acquired them, but the changes they made have not been for the better in my opinion. Xamarin was plainly bad before acquisition, and as far as I've been able to discern this hasn't changed. Nobody is claiming that it does. They are indicating possible economic investment in the results and some questionable statistics. It is perfectly scientific to take these pieces of evidence and adjust the possibility of this study being fishy upwards. If I read it correctly, it means that 90% of a person's savings are made after their thirties. So if you invest all of it in your thirties, you've captured 10% of your lifetime savings in your investments. I think on hot days you are supposed to "flush" the rice fields with fresh (cooler) water anyway. The runoff then goes back to wherever (a river or in this case maybe the ocean). Assuming that is true, I imagine that means any relevant nutrients are not flushed out by this process. And you still cannot properly turn it off. Weird and invasive things still happen with large updates (bundled so you cannot pick and choose which changes are appropriate for you, such as security fixes only). The whole OS is a few quality of life changes that make it palatable to most people to deal with all of their frankly offensively invasive practices. I have had the dubious pleasure of getting ethics classes in multiple schools. I don't think I've ever had one where that wasn't basically how the class went. I'm sure that is doing it wrong, but that doesn't mean that it's not the norm. You are wrong about the average wages. If, as a software developer of middling experience levels (~3-5 years) and educational background (trashy uni or good trade-equivalent school), you do not make ~36k euro per year or more you are being swindled by your employer. That is already 42k USD. If you get to senior positions I have seen it get as high as you mentioned (and also much, much higher for select examples). The amount you mentioned is what someone straight out of (middle) school with 0 experience would make in the field, and they could expect to have that increase to the mentioned middling wage after ~3 years of real work. That would put them at that wage at around 20-21 years old. It relies directly on itself. The dependency is recursive, and I'll grant that it needs an origin somewhere - but the same can be said for linux built on linux (and yet we do not). The GDPR is already incredibly readable for something that is used in the legal system. I'd say that if you're not capable of following it, no amount of rewriting is going to make it accessible to you while still containing the required words to keep the original meaning. I'll be mirroring my stuff to gitlab (an instance that I control). The reason for that is fairly simple: I have never seen an acquisition by Microsoft be a positive development for the software. On a more ideological level, I think the company is fundamentally reprehensible in it's business practices and has been for the entire time that I've known they exist. I do not think they will ever change and I do not think they came from a good place that they could return to. It wouldn't be right to support them any more than I have to (for example, things I need to do my job). Presumably they were talking about the purity of street heroin versus what you'd get in a medical setting. I assume the latter wouldn't be cut with whatever the dealer had on hand. While it is definitely possible where I live, it will take you at least ten times as long (because it just doesn't work very well and the process is not at all streamlined). Don't even get me started on taxes. Doing those without the internet is the metaphorical equivalent of stabbing your hands repeatedly. Of course, if the alternative to that abuse is literally living on the streets it's not really a choice anymore (except in the most inane sense). It then becomes "if you want to live, you will let daddy corporate tell you whatever he wants" - coincidentally, this is precisely what we're seeing. Running it without GApps is by and large a pretty enjoyable experience, provided you don't use the communication apps that seem to break/work like ass if they are not present (signal for example, while technically available without google services framework will just never work right). Really the only ones that come close to working right are Telegram (although it will never shut up about google services and "not running without them", it will run just fine) and the builtin SMS app. Email can be procured reasonably well and I have a sizeable library of games that I got from old humble bundles (back when they were actually good) that are fairly enjoyable. To be fair, maintaining an (internal) gitlab server really only costs you the upgrade time. You make a snapshot, upgrade (and optionally rollback if something breaks). It takes exceptionally little time - unlike say, running your own email server. A fairly large cross-section of big corporations will say things that are shockingly evil to even moderately critical minds. You work there to put food on the table, not to make the world a better place. Really most of us ignore that for all tech, at any price. It has nothing to do with Shenzen or the chips they produce. For that matter, there are similar moral issues with most clothing you will buy and the effects of a lot of the food you are eating. The cosmetic products you use are almost certainly funding (or have funded) a company that perpetrates animal cruelty. The world is built with sadistic bricks. I don't think it is active malice that most people ignore them, I think they just cannot exist properly if they think about each and every one. So most people think about a few, if any. Maybe sometimes they eat a biological egg from a chicken that has twice the floor space of a regular chicken. Or they drink some fair trade coffee that was ostensibly not produced with modern slave labour. It's not, unless you somehow associate being an emotional wreck with having a specific gender. Ironically saying it's sexist is probably the sexist statement here. This is no doubt Netflix in the US? Internationally, I've not picked up such a trend. You could start them with little investment, but your time is also worth (a lot of) money. That's not coming from anywhere if you work for any startup, including your own. You might make that money back later, you might not. In the end that is part of your investment and it's a gamble. If you do not have the financial cushion required to sustain you for the amount of months it needs to become profitable for you, you cannot do it. As an engineer of middling competence (I don't do poorly, but there are people smarter than me), I think you're wrong. The reason engineers receive less than they're worth by and large is because A. they cannot negotiate very well and B. they do not know their own worth. If you combine these two with some idealism, which is the only real reason you'd work for a startup (high-risk, low-reward work - if it's not for ideals you have no reason to do it), you get a prime exploitative opportunity for any employer. I have made my only available mode of transportation to work (which takes me approximately 50 minutes at a fair clip) a bicycle. The regular exercise helps a lot. Another big one is taking the time to figure out what triggers your depression. If it's seasonal, try some lights. If it's stress-related, try one of the well-established ways of combating that: If you're very energetic some kind of combat sport works well, otherwise something more calm like meditation. Try anything that sounds like it might work, and try not to worry too much if it doesn't. There's plenty of other options. If you're a worrier, having a reasonably rigid schedule could work well. Go to sleep at the same time, eat at the same time, have lunch at the same time. Edit: Another thing that works well is setting (very) small goals for yourself and accepting that that can be the only thing you do that day (eg "I'm going to take the laundry out of the hamper and put it in the washer"). If it's really bad, I've found that is literally the only thing that will help. This is an unreasonable response - not infrequently the causes are not things that can be fixed in the short term (eg years of neglect and abuse as a child), or are simple facts of life (eg an objective purpose in life does not exist). There's a whole slew of these kinds of origins and I'd venture to say that expecting to solve them for you personally in a timeframe that doesn't lead you to die from starvation (because you cannot work in the meantime) is really not practical. That being said, it's something I think everyone should work on. Just not as a primary response mechanism to life-destroying issues happening right now. It is much easier to eat a balanced diet if it includes fruit. Many things are not impossible to do without, but some things do make everything else easier. Your sources about metabolism are wrong. I know because I've done base metabolic rate tests in uni (with one of those hoods) and have seen (repeatedly) that some people breathe out ~4k kcal per day and others only ~1.6k. This is at rest and at different times in the day. Yes, I know what that is like. While I agree that is is occasionally excruciatingly hard to not eat when there is plenty of food available, it's not impossible for me. It has nothing to do with whether or not you're a moron - loads of people will be perfectly able to just not eat unless it's within a certain timeframe, as you've no doubt repeatedly read. No matter which way you cut it, making a proper meal from scratch will take you a while. Especially if you're not used to that kind of cooking, as the people you're speaking to no doubt are. All it takes is a little empathy to see that for some people, what you find easy is indeed hard. It's not alt-right. They're white supremacists. Fascists. Let's not mince words when it comes to the beliefs that absolutely destroyed the world once already. Americans came to a bunch of places (eventually) to help fix that, and now they're letting it happen in their own country. Frankly, it is a disgrace. If you're going to eat salmon anyway (and lots of people do), it's much less destructive to eat it factory farmed. This actually goes for every single fish. Just like a good book, a good story-rich game invites you to experience it more than once. Even if it is just to notice nuances you missed the first time. But they are inherently addictive (as in, they are meant to be and it is widely known that they are). You generally want to limit children's exposure to addictive things that bring them nothing at all. It's their formative years, after all. Elite can be played solo, in which case it (obviously) isn't multiplayer. I'm not in the same boat as the person you are responding to, but I do play a lot more videogames than most people. I'm a huge fan of clicker games, because to me they represent the essence of modern life and I find that hilarious. What you call "nothing but an empty dopamine hit" is really just most things people find valuable in life. After you quit smoking you can just still take breaks and go outside with your still-smoking friends though. After you quit an MMO it's really hard to get the same amount of social time with your former mates, especially if they still play. I don't disagree with your premise about games being far more interesting than most other forms of entertainment, but I cannot take you seriously when you say that any form of rendering (no matter how photorealistic) can compete with being in a different place with different people. That is a complete experience, and would need to be simulated with far more senses and to a far higher degree than is currently possible to even come close to the experience that travel will give you. In fact, I'd say that the "I'm here now and I can't be anywhere else for a while, I'm really stuck in it and everything is exciting and new" aspect of traveling really cannot be emulated by a medium that you know you can stop consuming at will, at any time. The problems you listed are absolutely issues with people watching sports as well, but have nothing to do with the subject material. It's a people problem and can be resolved on that level. Let's not pretend that this is somehow unique to gamers or sports fans or really any other involved hobby. They're not surprising if you assume the ground state for every company that does not fear the teeth that come with this legislation is malice. They're doing the bare minimum they need to so they can pretend to think they have complied if anyone knocks on their door, while still trampling all over everyone's rights. A resting heart rate of 100 bpm? That is definitely not normal. Is that also anxiety related? You are correct because your statement doesn't quantify it in any meaningful way, which is the least useful kind of correct. For example, I can also say that "many people with autism do have enough communication skills to do that". We both understand how a lot of readers will interpret these two statements if made in isolation, even though that is wrong. They can both be true at the same time (and in this case I'd say they are), which is why it's not a useful statement to make. They appear to contradict, but don't actually do so because they don't claim anything of value. I'd contend that the most useful ground state for most of us, being people with no knowledge in the field whatsoever, is to assume that the DSM is broadly correct. From there you can, given some evidence, conclude that parts might not be. Of course with the american prison system being the way it is, the chances of these children coming out in any way better prepared to contribute to society than before they were imprisoned are very slim. If it is closed (and nominally 'free' for the average user), you have to assume everything you say and do is being mined and sold to the highest bidder. How can something like that be the successor to anything? Aside from the philosophical side of your argument, there is of course the biological argument: There are far too many people. I understand that anyone who advocates reproductive moderation will get out-competed by everyone else, but that doesn't mean that we have to accept mentally that this is the purpose of life. I'd argue that seeing this as your one and only purpose makes you akin to a cancer. Your genes exist to consume, but fulfill no real goals. Putting a simple filtration system on your tap is a lot cheaper than buying soda-priced water, though. And even if you do buy it, there's no guarantees about the quality of the water in the bottle. "Technically, I'm sure they are very different, practically they are very similar." Practically they are also very different. For one, the types of radiation you'd worry about at a plant penetrate more than just your skin. With solar, you can wear long sleeves, a hat, gloves and maybe some sunscreen on your face and you are very, very protected. To get the same kind of assurance in a nuclear plant you need significant infrastructure (or a lead suit). You are spreading misinformation on the internet, and this is not good. Please don't do that. I think from the surrounding stories we can see that this is in fact normal life and that he does not specifically need to get help for this. If it's not normal that people come by unannounced, then you do not need to learn to deal with that. Of course, whether or not that is a healthy skill to have is a separate problem (I think it is). In this case your response is too extreme though. The whole point of hope is that it doesn't have a plausible reason. That's what makes it hope and not knowledge. If you already know things will get better, you do not need to hope they will, you can just wait for it to happen. If you own the network it's not super hard to just filter all traffic doing DNS. If you have a properly owned phone, you can probably run this over your phone hotspot and do the packet inspection that way. Then you can block all nintendo traffic, while still not having a "custom" DNS. If you really tried, you could still even have your custom DNS except it would be spoofing another server. The point is that if you own the network (and you do), then the clients are nominally at your mercy. Why does it matter whether or not it's typical or socially normal? Are people going to beat you if you stand out as a minor nerd? While it is really fun (I went a bunch of times and it was enjoyable every time), I think the pricing is so exorbitantly high that it doesn't compare. There are other things which I really love doing that I could do very extravagantly for a tenth of the price. I wish that was hyperbole. By this reasoning, someone in a historically war-torn country (there are a few, you can imagine it's any one of them) should not hope for a peaceful time at some point. I think this is a good example of a case where hope does indeed work, even though the thing you hope for is statistically unlikely. There is absolutely nothing wrong with flavour enhancers. As for the other things, you are varying degrees of correct (for example, it is easy to eat too much salt but not if what you eat in a day is made by you otherwise). The sugar is obviously not ideal if you're going for low carb, but thankfully you can check this by reading the ingredients list and nutritional info. There are no mysterious things going on here. Even if you've studied something like biology or nutrition it's incredibly difficult to judge what is good and what is bad advice, as your average school (and professor) is just as full of dogma that has only the most tenuous basis of evidence. Far and wide the best ground advice you can give yourself and others is to work out - that'll do good things to you, even if you can do it a little. Other than that, eat a moderately varied set of foods. Anything further than that is usually just something someone came up with in the shower and that other people thought sounded real good. The reason for this is of course that it's a complete pain to work with the large email providers (say, you want to send an email to gmail) if you have your own service. Email has been far from truly decentralised for a while now. Yes, if you run out of money. That is the first assumption which doesn't hold true for the majority of addicts (who are at least moderately functional, as opposed to the dysfunctional picture you're painting here). Addiction is a complicated array of factors that either push you further into it or do not, and a lot of it has to do with your social safety net. In the average american case, I'll admit this appears to not be there. In places where this isn't so much the case, prospects for long-term addicts are much, much better (look towards the more permissive countries in Europe for evidence on this). If you enjoy the administrative work that comes with it (removing yourself from "you exist and you are therefore banned" blocklists, trying to convince gmail/hotmail/etc that you're really a real person, etc) then yes, it's not hard. If you use email, want it to work and don't enjoy extra administrative duties on top of your day job, I'd say it is that bad. That sort of question is highly personal. I've heard many, many people espousing the virtues of some strain of weed or other (eg claiming it helps you think and doesn't make you fall asleep so much) but I've never actually found one that doesn't primarily make me sleepy. I do have access to an enormous variety to try (and I've definitely done my due diligence, so to speak). This has led me to believe that for some people, some strains work differently than for others. This meshes well with my observation that everyone seems to have different recommendations. Yes, and it still makes me drowsy :) I've tried a low dosage via vaping yes. It still made me drowsy. I can't really smoke anything because my lungs respond poorly, so I generally use tinctures/edibles (if I use at all). I've tried it with tinctures as well as a host of other things. A tincture is nice because it allows for fairly exact dosing, but for me it appears to range from "0 effect" to "some effect, and that effect is drowsy" all the way up to "you're going to sleep now". This article is gated behind a paywall/coercive consent "choice". This is true and unfortunately hard to solve. Thankfully, you can prevent losing an account in the first place by replicating your passwords/secrets to more than one place (that you trust not to explode together) and being diligent about fixing failures in that system. For every account where I have done so, I have not lost credentials in over ten years. As for having your accounts "hacked", the only advice to be given is digital sanitation: Regularly scan your machine, don't give information to places you don't know, don't download shady executables (or if you do, definitely don't execute them outside of a sandbox). These are all good practices regardless, it's just that for you they have become essential practices to keep your accounts. What is the problem exactly with buying a kidney? It's not unfortunate, it's what makes Europe Europe. I'd say that if you changed the countries in Europe to be more like American states, you'd lose one of the factors that makes it the way it is today. That is leaving aside the very loaded term "Manifest Destiny", which I originally thought was something people only used ironically. Perhaps I misread your text? If you owned shares in gold mines and got burned, it had nothing to do with the value of the gold itself. The price of gold has seen a steady upward trend over the past ~17 years at least (that's how long I've been looking at it, anyway). Just like with weapons of a more physical nature, the problem is that they exist. The fact that they exist means that over time they/it will fall into the wrong hands. The obvious and natural solution to this is to not have them exist, or in this case to not have this database exist. Yes, I understand companies are allowed to do it. That's beside the point - just because they are allowed to right now doesn't make it right. It will not stop, simply because there is a ton of money in not having it stop. Practically everyone knows about the second world war, but nothing is being done about rising fascism. It has nothing to do with not knowing, it's just stupidity. The Euro took away the single most painful thing still plaguing travel between EU countries. These days an EU citizen can up and leave to a different EU country with very little friction (aside from the language in some places), which was the idea. That goal was achieved. It is unrealistic to expect that countries will somehow not be able to solve their financial issues just because they lost one tool. That's an excuse, not a reason. It's very high pressure, but in the right kind of environment also incredibly rewarding. In my experience this goes for most service jobs. The people that you see doing well (personally, less so financially) in this space generally really enjoy what they're doing. 35% income tax is incredibly low even for a below average salary! You guys have it made. 99% of the people screaming here that it's incomprehensible either very clearly haven't read the source material or just don't understand how the law works in the EU (I guess they are from somewhere else and didn't bother to look anything up before forming an opinion). Regarding your point about consensus, that's fair - however this has not been my experience. Most parties that you would ask for advice on the matter have a pretty good handle on what the different terms mean. Your second point is mostly evidence (to my mind) of large corporations trying to get away with as much malicious compliance as they can possibly manage. You really do have to put a lot of effort in that, as you cannot assume the agency checking you will see good faith (which is, as far as I understand it, one of the requirements for not being slapped with fines very quickly). I'm morbidly curious why there is bacon grease on your cheek/ear. Doesn't food go in your mouth? Don't you clean your face/hands after eating poorly (ie the food hasn't all gone in your mouth)? "adjust for inflation" on a 300% increase? Are you looking at a different graph than I am? Perhaps I don't understand what I'm looking at. Could you walk me through your reasoning? If you need a good example, look at Germany. They have very strict laws about it and while there are still fascists there (as there are everywhere), they do not run the country. Edit: On a more practical note, it's always baffled me how normalised it is. People who defend fascists in the US media are still respected and hired. They might be prominent political figures. Somehow calling attention to someone who is fascist is confused by anyone doing something as simple as saying "liberals are evil!", as if the two party system there has anything to do with racial supremacy. As an outsider, you look at it and think "This is the country that helped liberate Europe from the Nazis. How are they not ashamed?". Maybe I think the first step is allowing shame to enter into things when you think about your nation, instead of a quasi-religious patriotism. You make a good point, although I have a reservation about you somehow knowing "we could do without" some wired instincts that at first glance seem destructive. It's hard to verify whether or not society would do better if people weren't wired that way, so it seems quite spurious to assume that that would be the case. If you do it from a purely ideological standpoint I can certainly see that, but then you have to recognise it's not a given: It's simply something that you wish was true. Do you think it is a disgrace to scrape your hand on some pavement? To take a poop? In both of those cases you lose a ton of cells, but I do not think it's reasonable to assume that they are some great loss. They are cells. You helped me realise I talk to my cousins the way I talk to my parrot. It's an amusing thought :) I'm honestly amazed anyone can keep focus on menial questions past the third one. Is this really a normal practice? None of the hiring interviews I've taken part in had these. They had maybe one practical problem (that was abstract but not especially difficult) that you could solve in ten minutes of back and forth. It's not legal in a lot of countries, and I also doubt it is the case. It's much more likely they are just positioned better all around the globe (with better peering, etc). Arguably this means the same thing in practice, but this is the thing that happens all the time (as opposed to direct deals with network operators). It's useful for cross-country transfers of money, and in-country if the alternative would be very annoying (or you just happen to have some cryptocurrency around and not regular money). I do use it for that and I've found it useful. The biggest downside in my experience has not been all the abstract figures and numbers and stories floating around, but the exchanges. Turning cryptocurrencies back into regular money is very annoying and the US ones are even very shady (locking your money in, etc). It's what's keeping it inside of the fringes for me. I could be reading it wrong, but I think the grandparent jumped back to speaking about alcohol in general somewhere along his line of reasoning (without specifically saying where). Perhaps people don't think you're being funny, just not contributing anything to the discussion without further clarification. Water is not neurotoxic given average consumption for water-consuming humans. Are you implying that alcohol isn't either? Can you explain to us how you came to that conclusion? Any good totalitarian state implements the most ubiquitous surveillance they can. When the framework for that is already present, it becomes much easier to birth something like that. It's very easy to avoid creating a fertile breeding ground for totalitarian governance, and a factor of that's not having ubiquitous surveillance. I thought naming things was one of those aspects of the job which can be nice and entertaining. It's easy to remember, where is the harm in this? You are then chained to a renewal process and the whim of the agency giving out those licenses. That isn't freedom, that is servitude. I haven't yet met anyone that wasn't just trolling when they claimed something like that. It should be fairly obvious you can do practically everything at any level of abstraction. It will just get more or less efficient (and even that is not a given). I'm in roughly the same boat (I also got dogs brought out to sniff my luggage, the whole package). When I went through the US, it was surprisingly not much worse. Of course, at the time I did not really go into the states, I just made a stopover. I did have to grab my luggage in one place and take it somewhere else, going through the security everyone else had to go through (again). I got bomb swabbed, dogs were brought out, they asked me some hairy questions and I had to power all my electronics and explain what every cable in my bag did. It was terrible, but I wasn't physically harassed. I never flew through the states again. The trouble isn't getting the domain and setting up the email server behind it, the issue is maintaining the email server. I am sufficiently distractible (and I'm sure I'm not alone) that it's very important that my peripheral software/devices do not bother me. With an email server (or any other kind of server really, but email is especially bad), you need to pay attention to it constantly to make sure it is up, you are not on any blacklists (which you will get on by default for the simple fact that you are a new host), etc. You can of course set up all sorts of monitoring, but then you have to check that that is working. These concerns never really go away. You cannot truly let your email slip from your mind, because if it stops working ever you will miss emails (unless you use a relay, which is either external or also needs monitoring, etc) and that means that potentially things get closed that should not be closed, you miss things from the doctor/dentist, etc. > Doesn't that very fact prove that there's plenty of room for improvement in recommended lists? No, this does not automatically follow, there could be other situations that provide the same given but don't lead to that conclusion. For example, the value of lists provided by friends could be a purely emotional one: The items on the list seem better because your friends love them, and you like them more because you can discuss them later. Substituting vinegar is really not a great suggestion for a recipe that doesn't call for it. It will affect the taste quite a lot. The most practical way to prevent detection (if you're that worried) is to do your business in toilets that are in some way public. Your school, your job, the train station (if it has regularly cleaned toilets), etc. It was the same way in games for a long time. A platform becomes dominant (because it is the best), then others want to emulate it (poorly). Eventually competitors do pop up, but the ones that don't fill a specific niche generally don't become incredibly popular. The difference with movies/series is that the licensing situation is significantly more retarded. This will probably end up meaning we will end up with a million different streaming services (with different catalogues for different countries, or more accurately a good catalog in the US and a poor one everywhere else). This will drive more people to pirating, with predictable results. The age restrictions on drugs (alcohol is also a drug) are because of researched and profound effects on developing brains. It has very little to do with undeveloped self-control (although that is definitely a thing). The difference in effects on dopamine between drugs and anything that isn't a drug is also profound, mainly because drugs will make things happen that simply cannot happen normally. I don't at all agree with your "children should not be exposed to things they might want" premise, but that is a discussion for another day. It's not compliant at all, but we'll have to wait for these practices to actually get punished (severely, one can only hope) before people will actually get it through their skulls that it's important to respect your users. Regarding the JS, I have come to the same conclusion. On a large amount of news websites, I have everything blocked (CSS too) with some element hiding rules to remove the strange menus and whatnot. The content you care about on such a site is the text, with maybe one picture. Almost nothing is lost by refusing everything else. Congratulations, you are contributing to making the internet a worse place for everyone. How did you come to work for a company that's this blatantly abusive? I run all of my browsers (including mobile) with all 3rd party scripts blocked by default. Most sites that you care to casually consume will work without issue. Anything that uses a payment provider or google to login needs 2 greylist rules (which are mind-numbingly simple to click on once). I can set it up for people that don't understand what they are doing (and I have) and they will not notice anything in almost every case. As such, I conclude that this generalisation is grossly overstated and you probably haven't tried it to see if what you are saying is correct. Have you tried sending money internationally with any reliability? Randomly getting shut down by PayPal, waiting for insane amounts of time before normal bank transfers get through, etc. Even if you completely ignore any other aspect of it, this is a legitimate use case that works well. > 'Legalizing hard drugs' is kind of a theoretical issue because I think it's hard for us to contemplate what actual widespread use would look like You're conflating "this is now legal" with "lots of people will start using". Aside from that point, I think we can make an educated guess about what will happen if you extrapolate even a little from countries where they are decriminalized. It obviously doesn't map one to one, but that's a far cry from it being so hard to imagine it's basically undoable. Thirdly, you're talking about psychedelics and suddenly it's about all hard drugs. That's veering way off topic. Asian movies in general stand out (to people that don't live in Asia) because the motivations for all of the characters are very different. It can be very refreshing to not see the same retarded tropes that you see every day, which are generally really hard to relate to (for me). Why Korea in specific, I have no idea. Although it is important to note that there are also plenty of good Chinese movies. Even though I can't imagine this is a serious question: If you apply yourself at work and cook your own (varied!) meals, you will be (moderately) wealthy and (moderately) healthy. I did not mention any social time here, which makes this hypothetical person socially dead. EULAs are already not legal in Europe, so they're halfway there. You could always move there! They can retroactively change anything on their website. Of course, the same goes for the other party. It's your world. You're the person advocating infinitely escalating violence, which has landed us with "Bin Laden did a bad thing" and the US responding by basically becoming a million times worse. If you're thinking "well this is just what they're asking for", you'd be partially right. And if that doesn't terrify you, we have no business talking. The problem was forced distribution and how that is a bad idea. You've redefined it as "forced distribution by an untrained and inexpert proletariat and how it is not a good idea". If you cut out the Ayn Rand qualifier from that statement, you're left with "just blatant horseshit". While that is an emotional statement, the core of the absurdity is already revealed in the preceding paragraph. In essence he's already made a substantive argument, is your complaint that you're not following? You find the situation described normal? Perhaps you are not convinced that is what was originally described, and instead it needs to be read with more nuance? For private use the laws where I am are much stricter (and can be broadly summarized as a "short whitelist of places where you can fly"). Linux on the desktop isn't exactly the kind of no-nonsense experience that you want from a smartphone. Accepted by who? Obviously not the person you are responding to. Ethics is a relative field, not one full of absolutes. This is not better or worse. It's just as bad. Do you not think universities handle sensitive information? The GDPR has provisions for information like this, specifically to say that small pieces of information can together still constitute personal data. Consider that you can retrieve names if you map someone's professional interactions with this kind of detail. Regardless of whether or not the GDPR applies to these people, it's a useful tool to illustrate why this kind of data is still wrong to share (especially without any kind of consent!). They set this high barrier of entry because they want only high-quality immigrants. I assume because they think this correlates with good socioeconomic status in the future (there is some indication of this, but I don't think it's been established. Please do send me some papers if it is, I'd love to read them). When you look at it from that light, I think it makes more sense. I had only cursive for my entire first twelve years of school, then slowly switched to block letters. My handwriting is really nice, but I don't think it had much to do with my school(s). I can't really glean from your comment why you think the kind of writing you are taught has anything to do with the kind of writing you use now. There are some groups of people that find such tasks offensive/beneath them. I don't understand why, I have just seen it in practice. You can enforce such rules on your own, by slowly trimming down after-hours "work" (since it is unpaid, it's not work to me). You can compensate this with very good time management and always being on time/reading up on meeting agendas. Nobody will openly criticize you for such a practice since everyone sees you as together and competent. Eventually they get used to this status quo and nobody will even question it anymore in your case. It might take you a few years, but it pays off in the end I think. Migraines run in my family and a lot of my friends have them (so this is a large anecdote, not research). From that experience, I think "likely" is a bit of a strong term for these triggers. The common factors are pretty clear in this thread: Strong sensory stimuli (visual/auditory, sometimes smell), stress and poor lifestyle habits (little sleep, little exercise, etc). These things are "likely" triggers - most people report one or more of these. The word you're looking for is "possible". Along with that I'd like to point out nutritional advice is always an option, but in practice it is so personal that it's best taken with a healthy amount of skepticism. There are no indications that MSG actually is bad for you (including by inducing headaches) in the amounts that it is normally used. Even 2g (this is a lot ) is no problem when consumed with food. If you know otherwise, I'd love to read your sources. I assume you are talking about Thunderbird? I used it professionally for two years before deciding it was much, much worse than the alternative (Outlook webmail + a gross CLI tool for other misc email). It's slow, it uses a lot of disk space for bad reasons and just generally operating on a lot of email is a massive pain. Compared to that, I'd have difficulty believing there are many email clients out there that are actually worse. Even emacs as an email client was better (and it still wasn't great as you can imagine). If you play WoW every waking moment you have no job (and presumably no house). You have no time to do anything but WoW. I agree that MMOs or any other social activity can be very good for you, but you need to be moderating your usage at least enough that you can exist as a full-featured human being. That's modest to you? I'm poor by comparison but I still consider myself to be very well off (especially when I compare myself to my colleagues and uni friends). Is it really political to stop and think about what you are doing for the pure gain of someone else? I should think that's just critical thinking at work. Keeping your money in/under your mattress is arguably a good way to protect it against computer-based theft. If you store it in a long-term storage solution that makes sense (cold storage), it would not be "gone" because this wouldn't have happened. This is completely unsubstantiated. Worse yet, the "from an evolutionary standpoint" trope is frequently (ab)used to support some kind of pseudoscientific idea/diet (Paleo springs to mind here). If you have a real, coherent argument based on verifiable truth to make that is great, but right now you're just making something up and running with it because it feels right to you. Nobody benefits in this scenario, least of all you. While you make some valid points, I think you're taking it a bit far with your statement that your tax authority performs extortion. Taxes are a part of citizenship. If you do not like that, that is your right. You cannot just stop paying them just because you are selfish, that is not how social contracts work. While on some levels you can call that extortion (it is after all backed by violence to some degree), you'd have to be pretty willfully blind to not recognize that most people wouldn't use the term like that. Unless you have a point you are making that I'm missing? Why? It's traffic coming from his devices and he's not doing anything malicious as far as you can read from this sentence. A pretty cut and dry case of adding value I'd say. This is a very cool thing, thank you for talking about it. What, maybe a million or two for the cost of not being able to live inside the social circle where you've always existed? You're basically on the run for the rest of your life and have to practice the strictest security online for fear of being found by accident by someone who might want to kill you. Held against the risks and potential future you might gain in the best case, I think you can say the payoff is tiny. People with mental health issues like those described don't need to hear about exercise, but not for the reasons you mention. They (should) already hear it from their doctors every visit (and they will have a professional they visit regularly to monitor their health situation, the drugs in question are very bad for you). There are other countries where this is the case. There are of course varying amounts of tax modulation, but you are generally expected to pay some amount of money even if you work overseas. You are a part of keeping your country running smoothly, and you pay taxes for that. If you want to be part of another country running smoothly, you can do so (some have very low taxes but are generally not super great to live in for varying reasons). I have no idea about the process for relinquishing US citizenship. If the outcomes are encouraged, it is both malicious and active. They do, because there is an exploit for chrome that makes 3rd party look like first party. https://github.com/gorhill/uBO-Extra You will only get this behaviour on Chrome, Firefox is not vulnerable. Based on the content of your comment, I can tell you with certainty you don't know what you are talking about. Do some actual research before you make outlandish (and wrong) claims please. That they are not wrong that the standard of living for the average person in a lot of ex-soviet (which I assume they are talking about) countries did indeed decrease sharply after their "liberation". This is coercive and is as such already pretty legally shaky. It would probably fly in the US, but that's not the only place they operate. Yes, but that wouldn't make for a satisfying headline. What does a human that is much smarter than you really want? It's a fundamental philosophical problem that hasn't been solved. I just wanted to let you know I really appreciated your calm and above all clear method of refuting what I saw as the core problem in my brain modeling classes (years ago). I never got past the "you're just making this up aren't you" stage, being countered with "no we are not but we also can't explain why". In what way? Is this not a commonly accepted truth where you are from? Or did it speak to you in some other way that I don't see? Yes, and the person you reply to is saying that this is obvious (from my understanding). I think you have just argued for something you already agree on. I think I calculated it to be 4.4 million, but that is assuming I do not move to a cheaper part of the world. I could probably get by with 2/3 or even half that if I had lower costs of living. I never factored that (or made a list of places to live in such a case) because calculating a projected amount of medical costs quickly becomes very complicated in that scenario. I prefer living in a part of the world that has a mostly fixed lifelong medical cost (even if it is on average a little higher for my projected total costs), just for the security this will afford me. I'd have to invest this 4.4 million at about 4% interest (this is as you can see very conservative and in general seems to be regarded as a very safe interest level) to stay at that level of wealth more or less for the rest of my life. I could then pass it on to my children, which was one of my requirements. If you do not have that, the number can probably be a lot lower. It's possible that investing part of it into a house (with stuff like solar panels and a heat exchanger) might make for a better return month to month (with lower risk, very important). I've not yet made serious calculations to that effect, but the napkin math suggests to me that this is the case. Obviously this would not be enough to cover everything, but it might make the final number lower also. This is complicated further by potential maintenance costs that you need to factor in. Giving methylphenidate to children with ADHD actually improves their symptoms later in life (even if they stop taking the medication). Children that receive methylphenidate suffer from less severe ADHD symptoms later in life, supposedly. If you look at it through this lens it becomes ethically problematic to deny them the medication, especially because it will not do this in adults (obviously it still treats the symptoms in adults, it just doesn't make them less bad over time). All they proved is that murdering all people (that they could find) with schizophrenia doesn't lower the incidence rate of schizophrenia. This paper https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2800142/ discusses a few of the reasons why that could be the case, but obviously it doesn't make grand claims. It might be impossible to model with the technology that we have right now, but it cannot be impossible at all. Unless you believe consciousness contains some amount of magic, in which case all bets are off. Using the EU office of a US corporation and assuming they will actually act in your best interest without them having been forced to in the past (and even then...) is very unwise, as multiple examples have already show us in the past. Please just use an EU lab (they exist, and they already removed your data before the GDPR if you asked) and accept that it's maybe a hundred euros more expensive. At least you can be a lot more certain you will not be invasively data mined later on. For stuff like this to be used by most people (that is to say dystopically and objectively wrong, like in a hiring process) we definitely don't need any sort of rigorous research. They already have those Myers-Briggs tests that have no actual basis in reality, not to mention the kinds of hoops you jump through to get your CV read that make no sense. The trouble is not (as far as I'm concerned) that this information will be used by competent, levelheaded scientists. The trouble is that everyone else might start using it. You make a lot of bold claims in this post and provide no evidence. I think in this case the claims are far enough out there that some evidence is warranted. For example: "They already have access to sensitive health information for many many people and have had access to this data for decades". In what country is this? Everywhere? You would be wrong about that, unless you mean a specific group of people that gave them this information voluntarily (in which case you made it sound a lot more exceptional than it is). "Many drugs now require some genetic testing to be done to justify a prescription". How many? I've interacted with a lot of people who take (or have taken) prescriptions, and have met precisely zero that needed a genetic test. Of course this doesn't mean you are wrong, but maybe you have omitted critical data required for forming the opinion that you are correct. I already mentioned the number (and perhaps the type of prescription is also important). Also again, where in the world is this? These aren't the only two claims I raised an eyebrow about, but they are a good start. A lot of reasonably successful open-source projects (eg almost the whole npm namespace) is rife with some breed of toxicity and nevertheless does "fine" (for some value of fine - if you never look at it and ignore the security breaches) in terms of the technical merit. > Email across the planet has been around since day one. It has been present around the globe for ages, if you could find an internet cafe on holiday. Reading email on your phone also needs a smartphone. > Mass transit has had posted schedules for many years. It is nice to see an updated one with up to the minute tracking but it wasn’t that inconvenient either. You must be one of the blessed multitudes that live in a country with a public transport system that works well. If you have frequent, long-term delays it is fairly essential for your sanity to be able to know which routes are not currently completely fucked. If you use discord or slack for team communication your team communication features nothing important (ie you might as well not have it) or you work at a company that doesn't do communication security well. Why would you check your email (or even have it beep) during dinner time (or at all when you are off work)? Even if you live alone it should be a big warning flag for an unhealthy work-life balance. SMS is like having someone shout your second factor off of a rooftop a few streets away, loud enough that you can hear it. There is 0 security on it and anyone with even a modicum of motivation can intercept it without you noticing (ever). This is bad advice. Email is bad for similar reasons (although slightly less in terms of exposure if you use a good provider). I think there are mechanisms in most civilized countries that allow you to somehow stop this kind of malice. Therefore maybe it is more useful to ask ourselves the question "Why doesn't the US?". It's ridiculous on the face of it (especially as they suggest Ethereum), but there are in fact blockchains that preserve the anonymity of the people involved in the transaction. I'm a little sad these distinctions aren't more well-known. The mastercard network was down recently (maestro cards also operate on it), which did really bad things to basically everything that accepted only plastic. Of course you know in the abstract that this full plastic stuff is a bad idea (it's so obvious), but it's very sobering still to see this in practice. The world is bigger than the US, and in a lot of places in the world it is indeed mandatory to carry some form of ID. The reason you think debt is good/acceptable is largely cultural. This definitely isn't the norm in other parts (or even most of) the world. I didn't know a 6310 could read and send email, thank you. I stopped having Nokia phones after the 3310i (which I did love dearly). There are numerous first world countries that have unreliable public transport. This is the US and also in the EU, I can't imagine you've never encountered what I mean unless you don't travel very much (there is nothing wrong with that, but then why do you discuss it like this). Sure in the situations that you talk about a smartphone would not matter, but in the ones I talk about (and that I actually meant originally) a smartphone will tell you why there is a delay (suddenly, generally) and what you can do to mitigate it. Something no PA system will tell you with any amount of reliability. Anonymization doesn't work in practice (people are bad at it and don't understand how to do it), and it definitely doesn't work on DNA. So in order of claims: You shouldn't trust it was done well and if someone claims that they did this for your DNA they are lying. Why wouldn't you want to opt-out from having some of your most sensitive information used by someone who is willing to lie to get access to it? The alternative to "they are lying" is "they are too incompetent to make the claim" and I'm honestly not sure which is more worrying. You can take your pick, they're both more or less equally terrifying. "Don't use telemetry and use literally anything else" is the best way to deal with it, due to the nature of telemetry and the level of trust you are asking of your users (which is frankly insulting, given the nature of the news the past few years). You are allowed to say goatfuck on the internet. Nobody will punish you for it and I hazard to say the less self-censoring, the better. Facebook has taken a side, it's just the side of dark patterns and selling all of everything it can get it's hands on. It's had this side for as long as I can remember it existing. You are assuming it needs to be replaced at all. These services are vapid additions to your life and once they are gone I think people will realize they didn't need to exist in the first place. You make a blanket statement for Europe, but I know for a fact there are plenty of places in mainland Europe that will sell it OTC just about everywhere. In this case this is therefore not a super useful generalization. I suspect there are a significant amount of snap judgements being made, and I would be very surprised if they kept anyone safe. One of the many examples is that when I traveled a lot, I quickly noticed that if I have had a recent shave and have my hair cut short (no longer than to the end of the ear) I do not get picked out. If I have long hair or a goatee, I will get picked out for extra questioning (dogs in bags, bomb swabs, extra-strict questioning by border officials, regular bag search, etc) every time. I suspect you may be taking the person you are responding to too seriously. You shouldn't trust random strangers on the internet at all, no matter what good story they spin for you. Any extra effort I have to expend to understand your thing within the first five minutes of seeing your webpage means I get closer to closing the tab and never looking at it again. I'm capable of following extremely dense developer-oriented information, but I won't do so without an extremely good reason. I'd much rather speedread through a paragraph of information that had some effort put into making it legible. I don't think you've sufficiently proven the argument which the rest of your statements hinge on: "People are always going to make choices in their economic self-interest". It's an attractive (if somewhat cynical) point, but it's no more reasonable than any other generalisation. Not very. Armodafinil is bad for your liver. A surprising amount of companies do not (or pay them a symbolic amount) and think it is completely normal. It's ridiculous, but it happens nonetheless. Putting Arch and reliable in vicinity to each other is stretching it a little. The person you are responding to is talking about the bigger picture, whereas you are focusing on a local detail. While you make a really good point if you consider that you honestly thought you were talking about the same thing, instead you were not. Now it looks like you've subtly moved the goalposts, so that the person you are responding to has an argument that sounds ridiculous. Even though you've not responded to it at all. "Either we do this or they will" is a bad argument as justification for doing something unethical. The reason I think it is bad is because it is lazy, and it is lazy because it is circular. You say it is true, and because you say it is true (and you act as if it is), it is true. It's not very interesting to follow and it should also be pretty plain to see why it doesn't work as a justification. It didn't "become" free. It has always been free for some significant fraction of the userbase. As was mentioned repeatedly all over the comments here, many people have never seen the payment screen at all. This article is blocked by a paywall disguised by a "free" option that coerces you into giving up your rights. Anecdotally, these are too new / unfamiliar or were inaccessible for a while. For the ones where this is not the case like coinbase, it's a company with a well-known track record of being terrible to work with (hard to get money, freezing accounts with no recourse, etc). It's much easier/safer to use European alternatives that are based more locally, because those companies will be crucified by the authorities for committing that kind of fraud. That's a thought that lets you rest easy. There is not really all that much difference. Weapons are used to terrorise and murder people. What this person wrote will give some humans stress but it will never cause physical harm. That you think one is justified and the other is not has very little to do with their relative harm, which is by no means a solved problem or a given. It has to do with your view of it, and those views will differ between different people. And what if they can tell from the information leaked who leaked it? This person's life will be destroyed by armies of lawyers. Just so some journalist can report on something that'll be out of the news in a few weeks and change precisely nothing. My point is that others are not bettered by this action, because the action of leaking to a journalist no longer improves anything. Just as it hasn't the last few times this happened. It is arguably a good idea to sacrifice something for everyone's benefit, but it is always a bad idea to sacrifice if nobody benefits. Every piece of computing hardware you own has been designed so that it is able to spy on you. If that, combined with the general government trends going on right now doesn't sound dystopic to you then nothing will. Vinegar has an incredibly strong taste you should be able to detect in anything, so it's not a super strong example in this case. It can be less strong than vinegar and still be overpowering. It's inconvenient for the farm to sell directly to you, although I agree with you that if you buy in any kind of reasonable amount (eg a quarter / half of a cow) you should (and in my experience this has been the case) see incredible reductions in cost. Maybe he was talking about how it works in practice and not what is written on paper (assuming it is). If you have not spoken about this with other people who have quit/are quitting, you should. If you have spoken about quitting with other people who have quit or are still quitting, you would have found out that it is much harder for them than what you are proposing. That, or some vanishingly small chance was hit and you have only people around you who found quitting easy but somehow still smoked a lot before doing so. Any kind of research into a novel solution will basically be failure until it is suddenly success. If you can see that success coming from very far away you're not doing novel work. If you have the money for a VC fund nobody needs to feel sorry for your wallet. The GDPR was a huge blessing for everyone who was tired of large companies, many of them from the States (which wouldn't matter except the attitude of "you can go fuck yourself" is much stronger in US companies) trampling all over their right to privacy. It has made the privacy situation in the EU a lot better. If that doesn't help you, it sucks for you - but saying it's a mistake is denying the nuances that are present in the situation. You picked one of the countries with the most evil government (historically, I make no claim either way about the current situation) as an example. Of course it's going to look bad in that case. It's poorly understood and not a given in the sense that we don't know that it would be different. It wasn't always like this, so it doesn't always need to be like this. It's just like this now. Assuming it can never be changed or saying that someone "is free to solve it" isn't super helpful. People can recognise things are problems without having the immediate capacity to alter reality to suit the solution. Jobs are taxed equally, but the people who earn more also contribute more. There is no shame in that, it allows most Europeans to actually live in a society worth contributing to. I don't know the statistics of how many leave, so you might be right. I don't "do" 35 hours per week, so I'm not sure where you are going with this. The last bit is (almost) laughably wrong and tells me you have no idea what you're talking about. Even if that was all true, the US has tent cities of vagrants that keep being kicked to another city to be their problem, people that freeze to death in the streets with literally nowhere to go. Let me wait 6 months or however long it is in your fantasy universe. Anything to prevent contributing to a society that treats people like the worst of the meat industry treats it's cattle. > not that long ago GMail was new 14 years ago. I think that's a pretty long time no matter how old you are. You don't really miss anything by throwing every newsletter straight in the spam folder, the worst that will happen is that you hear life-changing news a day late. It will not kill you. You will get paid more with the right paper in a lot of companies, for equal experience (and even 5+ years more in some cases). The degree is important, and in the right company a certificate can be too. For the AAA games that are actually available there, you can compare sales figures between GoG and Steam. It's not great for GoG I imagine, although I do appreciate that service vastly more than I do Steam. > The abnormalities were passed on for three generations, but faded after that. This is a national issue. You'd literally be fighting the rest of the country (who are apparently fine with it as it is) every step of the way. It would be better to hide the consent banners (use any good ad blocker) and delete the unauthorized cookies anyway. Without having your explicit consent they cannot track you (they still might, but it'd be a violation) so the cookie manager is just a way for you to enforce your rights. I get plenty of "newsletters" I never signed up for. Those deserve to be marked as spam. I can't trust that the unsubscribe link isn't used to harvest email addresses that are still in active use, so clicking one of those links is a net negative for me. You are making it sound much, much worse than it actually is. As it stands they make good pets if you have the time to give them the attention and freedom they require. They're very affectionate and if you pick the right type of parrot for you it will not be loud. As with dogs, they're terrific if they have a good owner and absolute horrors if they don't. A finding of this magnitude which was actually proven in a way that the post seems to suggest would not be something you see only in one hacker news comment, because it would be huge . You're presenting this as a set of hard facts, where in reality you are just telling us about your subjective view of sexuality. That's natural, but perhaps there is a more neutral way to word your stance if that's the case. It's useful if there is an alternative. In terms of phones, you have to go so far down the stack you almost have to build it yourself out of bits of hardware before you get one that isn't actively spying on you all the time. They might be a huge employer but they also murder people. Even if you work in a role that supports murder and doesn't actually do it directly, I'd say that the ethical side is a concern. Certainly not something to be dismissed out of hand, even if you make the decision that you are ok with it. I am of the opinion that a "well it's far removed from me even though that is what the organisation's main goal is" stance is doing yourself a disservice. If you do it five times with some intelligence, you have rules that you can apply and have most things work most of the time from then on. It's really not a huge hassle and generally the malware-containing networks aren't the ones you are greylisting. I would pay for a source of journalism that had any actual effort put in it and wasn't blatantly and hilariously wrong almost all of the time. Sadly news agencies don't fit that bill at all. Very few people love the US' meddling in politics. If we have good trade deals, presumably those were made by our politicians deciding they are alright. We can have opinions about that, but they are separate from this issue. This is the US trying to bully the EU into doing what they want, which is something that should be opposed. Do most people really not marry with prenup? The troubling sentiment in my opinion is that you can't be critical of the people who pay you a lot of money. You don't need his crazy stories, really. All you need to do is accept that Facebook isn't behaving exceptionally poorly, this is industry standard. Lo and behold - the entire sector is suddenly a cesspool of disrespect and money grabbing at the cost of your data, your privacy, anything they will be able to get away with. And they can get away with a lot, because you are not allowed to talk when you work anywhere. On pain of basically having your life ruined. A vast majority of companies either don't accept the plus because they are too lazy to implement proper email validation, or they strip the pluses from gmail addresses because they're strictly useless to them. More people do it if it is easier. For example, far more people steal bikes than cars. Catching a drone with a pellet and a net and taking the pizza out isn't exactly unthinkable. Especially if you compare it to taking boltcutters to a bike lock (or a saw) and selling it for basically the price of a pizza. The behaviour is poor, yes. But if you view it among it's peers it's not at all poor, it's normal. That that normal is actually "exceptionally poor" might be true, but that's not really the point I was trying to make. On that I think we agree. If you're implying that "most in the know" think FB is much worse than competitors or even other IT companies, we do indeed disagree. Sadly that is not something we can argue here, because if you are in the know you cannot share examples :) When you ask your employer for permission for a second job (insofar as that is strictly legal), it's usually not a given that they ask for an estimate of the hours per week you will put in it. Instead they will ask you about the work to see if it might infringe on their business. It's a measure made to ensure that you don't get into their water, not one to protect you. That is why it's in your work contract and not part of the actual law. Seeing as the page mentions "help you solve it", they will help them bypass the filter rules that exist. Deeply unethical IMO, but without adversaries I guess things wouldn't be as interesting as they are today. Popcorn time when I looked at it has consistently given me performance at least as good as Netflix (which tends to downgrade quality for bad reasons - I have very fast fiber and my ISP has good peering - and has a client that can't seem to stop desyncing audio). The only reason not to use it is arguable legality and the fact that content creators deserve money. It's definitely not quality of service. I have a good provider that gives me what I pay for, yes. I understand that many countries have a borderline third-world internet situation, but that has very little to do with the problem you were presenting. What you're talking about here is essentially that Netflix has the lobbying power to make sure that it's services are put above other services in countries vulnerable to that kind of manipulation. I believe that instantly. I can understand what you're talking about, but I think it's important to appreciate that as an end user I don't really care about what tech words I can tell myself about why things look bad. I care that one thing looks bad and the other does not. It doesn't matter whether or not it is. While you are there they are your gods and after you leave they're untouchable. If the border security is rude or downright abusive your only recourse is just not going to the country in question. Signal is far more annoying to use and is less consistent about notifications. Accordingly, most people are hard to motivate into switching (or installing yet another messaging app). You can run that just fine too. Since the good years they've stepped off significantly from their original premise (which was charity and set your own price, with no DRM as a prevailing thought). These days they are mostly a platform that sells games that exist on steam for prices that are occasionally lower than steam. Or don't keep cattle in the rainforest. Not every problem with cattle has to be solved by making an impractical and enormous swing in your life. For a long time Chrome was objectively the best choice, because it simply had better performance on almost everything. With the recent changes to Firefox (Quantum), that is no longer true. I have good hope this means that it'll climb back to a bigger percentage. Giving a random american company my payment details is unfortunately asking too much. The key point in all the beautiful promises Google makes is that you need to extend then with "for now". That summarises the healthy skeptical stance, especially when it is about a company that should have given you plenty of examples about why we shouldn't trust them. Your premise that nobody pays for ads is wrong and given how strongly you put it and how large a share of your argument leans on it, I'm not very hopeful about the rest. Can you explain what you base your opinions on? It might help the rest of us evaluate your points better. For a code review you need to understand and follow the process regardless, or you won't be able to make a good call about whether or not the patch makes sense. Even if you do that, having the code already written is almost always faster in my experience. They don't have the expertise or the manpower to fix their build system. That means it's not really feasible to use it to distribute your apk, unless it can be months out of date without any problems (such as your users complaining constantly, or things breaking, or a known exploit remaining in the client because it's impossible to push out a fix). You can always do everything yourself, and given that you can add repositories and the app handles it transparently that's a great alternative. That's assuming, of course, that you do have the expertise to run one. That certainly isn't true for most app developers I know, and that's logical - it's not their field. It's definitely the best alternative, but that doesn't make it a good alternative right now. It seems a little disingenuous to say that you can't see how the GDPR has improved the privacy situation online, unless you didn't care about it before it was a thing and still don't care about it now. I have succesfully used it to get my data removed from services where that would be impossible in the past (most notably, everyone who sends me emails that they feel I desire). There are more examples (like companies that finally have to think about what they're collecting and how), but on a personal level I think that's the most tangible and best one. If people actually implemented a cookie banner that was compliant, I would like that they are there. Because that means I could filter them away and I could be safe in the knowledge there were no tracking cookies. As it stands, you can see a lot of angry people making things that sound acceptable in the US (by continuing to browse, you agree to [...]) but is actually just not compliant. That's a sad state of affairs, but it's not the fault of the GDPR in my view. If everyone did it, it'd make a noticeable impact. That impact isn't enough to fix things, but thinking "oh well I won't do anything because they're not doing anything" is not the kind of thinking that will get us to a solution. Act to your capacity and trust that everyone else will do the same. Either you will be right and things improve quite a bit, or you will be wrong and things improve very little. In both cases at least you've stopped making it worse. Just the fact that RunScript is being substituted for something else should set off alarm bells. Every friend group has one or two people that interact with others like you do: It has to be on their terms, they have principles that get in the way, etc. That's beautiful and all the more power to you for doing so, but if you believe it doesn't impact you much more heavily than you make it seem here you are deluding yourself. You've made it so that including you in anything is effort . Effort that people need to expend consciously, and will not be the ground state. You've isolated yourself (to a certain degree) for your principles. Given the odds of these people inventing a huge solution to a hard problem in a publishing vacuum (I am not aware of papers coming out that fundamentally solve this, for example) I think it is pretty safe to assume it's subject to the same limitations all such systems are subject to. Loss of power leads to loss of data. Commonly mitigated as you already state. While I recognise it's an important local issue, globally I don't think Scotland is seen as materially different from Britain. There is a good chunk of the userbase that doesn't care to think about what the statement you're responding to sounds like, or that the spin that you read here might be part of a concerted effort to make a whole country look bad. It's worthwhile to bring attention to that and it's good that you're doing so, but try to put it in a format that uses examples and sound reasoning. That way people might be more inclined to listen to it, as opposed to a fairly emotional argument that is also vaguely hostile to boot. With attack vectors it's also about ease of exploitation. In this case, the ease is high. If the person you are responding to compiles their own browser, the bar to put an exploit in there is already much higher. Yes, there are still attack vectors. And there always will be. The point is they're harder to access. I think you have me confused with someone else. I have made no points except the ones in the post you are responding to. In this case it looks like you're missing the fact that you can change the JS on the server with a high amount of ease and a low discoverability (it can be changed just for you and it won't show anywhere else). UML, like most other tools, is pretty useful in moderation. It's not a solution to every problem, but for a lot of situations where you have a big project it can help to have a little overview of the process. From my experience, I'm inclined to agree with your conclusion about the most useful bits. At the same time, I don't agree at all that good diagrams should only be used for small parts of your project. Unless we're talking hobby projects, in which case anything goes. Except the government and the police, just like every other country. There is a lot of value in reading (a large amount) of anecdotal experiences with withdrawal, as a distressingly large amount of doctors either doesn't remember or for whatever reason doesn't care that it is the case. That being true, it's easy to find yourself in a situation where even your second opinion says that you have nothing to worry about, when in reality you do. Regulating poppy seeds really isn't the answer to systemic drug abuse. It hasn't worked well for any of the countries that try it. The right response is patently decriminalization and management if you want to lessen the impact of drug use on your society. You have all of Europe, which has many different policies and good statistics on their effects, to use as investigative material. Assuming there aren't large side effects (such as creating a monoculture and then large-scale death because of a novel disease that targets a weakness), to me the answer is obvious. I would do it in a heartbeat - but only if that risk is mitigated somehow. You're right, it's more like the formation of a cult. The money presented to them really doesn't matter very much, what we should consider is the mindset this sort of thing creates and whether or not it is a good thing to have it spreading to the rest of society. There's a real societal impact to having large companies getting more and more powerful and their employees being fanatically devoted to it's well-being. This kind of argument is what companies always say is the reason for telemetry, yet somehow it finds it's way into being sold and abused for spam with distressing frequency. At this point it behooves us to not take information that has repeatedly been proven to be false at face value. Once it has been used, it is too late. This insight would therefore not be a solution to the problem. You escalated your example a bit fast (putting it squarely in the territory of a maybe overly emotional argument), but you touch on a not unreasonable question. Does the horse's right to decide who it has sex with not factor into this decision at all? This line of reasoning (and accepting that it exists / thinking it is normal) is why we're in this mess in the first place. Yes, and that is ok in the US . We're talking about Europe, where the legislators at least pretend to care about the people they're making laws for. The truth of this matter is that most people really don't care. On top of this, schools generally communicate with the business world to figure out what their curriculum is going to be (after all, that's where you're expected to go when you finish studying). To my mind, it is then not a huge leap to figure out that a strong foundation in ethics is not a desirable quality. After all, what big company these days doesn't want something that's at least a dark gray? I've verified some of the reported breaches myself (from publicly available password dumps). It's not a 100% given that those matching means it's all good, but it's a pretty solid indication. Containers are not at all a security thing. If you really need that caliber of separation, you are looking at VMs at the very least. It's not allowed under the GDPR. But let us get real; this is Google doing it, and anyone complaining about this practice would first need to prove that it happens (which is not easy). You can (and should) expect large American companies to always ignore as many laws as they can get away with. A. This is a source that is part of the problem industry (and therefore expected to paint a rosy picture). B. This source also states that the GDPR prevents data harvesting without consent, which it mentions continuously throughout this article. I am only intimately familiar with one EU country's banking transaction infrastructure, but there it is the case that when one (major) creditcard provider has a network outage the debit network is also down. > I've never had a card reader in the Netherlands fail and had to pay with cash before. This is extra amusing because there was a major outage this year in the card payment infrastructure of the Netherlands. It's possible you missed it, but only if you didn't try to pay anywhere. It would be breathtakingly naive to think this is not done. Perhaps they claim it's "anonymised" (which generally means it's still grouped but assigned a number instead of a name), thereby handily circumventing this requirement. I would be more hesitant to assume that just because the GDPR passed, the big guys are already as compliant as you would expect from it's wording. It's much more likely they're maliciously complying, because this nets much more money. How is it broken to assume you need to be privacy conscious, even when it comes to the state? > If a company is negligent with user data and their customers actually do care about this issue, this company will either eventually improve or go out of business. I think we've seen enough of how this theory works in practice (or how it doesn't) to be able to say that there is absolutely no good reason to rely on it. You're responding to someone saying "this is too much work" by saying you work holidays too (and that this is apparently normal). You've succeeded in making it seem like you work too much as well, but not in making it seem like not too much. "Freelance software development", problem solved. Not that the tax authority cares at all where the money comes from. They don't have a "cash income" category because they have a deep and burning desire to know these things. They're primarily busy with taking their cut. I don't understand why this is surprising. To my understanding it is the case that countries that are bad with money give you a better interest because they're a higher risk to give money to. Germany is good with money, the US is not. Therefore the US gives higher interest than Germany. Is there a profound insight I am missing that makes this state more unusual than it seems to me right now? Except FF's tools are slower and the experience is overall worse. A lot has improved about firefox (including my old main complaint, that the renderer was slow) but saying the dev tools are at all acceptable when you're used to Chrome's is sadly still a stretch. Even though I broadly agree with them politically, I still think companies should be apolitical. All these politics involved in things that aren't inherently political are tiring. Having a VPN for ad blocking is unfortunately a really bad option, as you should already have a VPN to prevent your "open WiFi" and LTE provider spying on you. It is a random third-party site to anyone that doesn't play Fortnite, which is a lot of people. They made the current model the way it is on purpose, so that it is difficult to turn off and the average user won't do it. Following that logic it's not exactly hard to see why they'll never respect that header unless their arm is twisted. This is the sort of ethics that should be expected from companies. To my mind, the DNT header is nice to have but almost breathtakingly naive. The real solutions lie in the direction of having the lack of tracking be enforced by the client, who (you hope) has a vested interest in their own privacy. Scandinavia doesn't have a strong religious impulse, whereas the USA is Christian in the most fundamentalist way from top to bottom. Except this doesn't happen in practice. We've already seen that in the wild. What is left to have a discussion about? I've spent a few weeks in a place with no hot running water before (only a "shower" filled with water from a meltwater river and the river itself), so I can comfortably say that you can indeed get perfectly clean with one of those. It's mostly a function of the amount of time you're willing to spend in there. You could get an old macbook that still runs iMessage, hook a KVM switch up to it and use it as if it was local (through a connection over a VPN or something). It sounds like a lot of work, but if you really must have it... This is a company, and as such their core driving force is money. If you are framing them as having different driving forces that will make their behavior on occasion seem really weird. Apple hardware works well only with Apple hardware. Every day you pretend otherwise you will be reminded that your life is bad unless you bend over and accept the fact that you'll get annoyed by your own hardware constantly until you relent. People buy Android phones because the promise there is, at least, that you might get a device that belongs to you. There are SE sites specifically for social and personal life issues. If you're going to host your own email for privacy reasons, don't get a package at a US provider. There is a fork of K9 that uses material design. It's in f-droid. Perhaps not in the email interface itself, but you would be hard pressed to convince anyone that it's not shoved in a machine learning model somewhere. It's possible your emails are malformed or contain weird headers, that gets them flagged very heavily as well. Yes, a decade ago people said this about wikipedia, but instead told you to trust other encyclopedia's. Those ended up being wrong just as often as this thing everyone can edit, which made the whole point kind of moot. If the core message had always been "use more than one source, and use sources that are not connected" that would have been a lot more sensible. But in my experience this has not been the message, and even in the instances that it was people tried to work around it because it was inconvenient. You've worked at enough companies to make your own generalization and can say with 100% certainty that they are false. The author happens to do the opposite. Seeing as you are both talking from (your own) experience, you might both be right. There's no way for the readers to know. A cut of future money means no money. Anyone who is even a bit savvy and carries the kind of clout that comes with a big bank account doesn't need to work for empty promises. If they were promised both, it would be really surprising to me if the immediate money wasn't already enough to pay them for their time. Given that that is the case, "both" suddenly doesn't make sense anymore. If you actually looked at how these laws are worded (ie given specific provisions for the capability of a company), you would see that this kind of right-wing capitalist propaganda-like rhetoric holds no water. You would have to be at the extreme bottom end of the scale to not be able to afford the cost of hosting some content on the internet (maybe 3 euros per month?). It is something you could find space for in your budget unless you are literally starving and have absolutely 0 space in your budget for anything. If that were the case, I doubt this hypothetical person would be spending a lot of time on the internet in the first place. And let's not forget these ads are all clamoring to make people spend money on things they "didn't know they needed", so it's not like they're materially doing someone who is very badly off any favours. Where were these "upstarts" when Google and Facebook were busy destroying the ecosystem before these laws? I'll tell you where they were: They were being assimilated using the huge piles of money these companies made selling anything and everything they could find on you to everyone who was willing to pay. You've just described force. It doesn't need to come from the towers as we recently saw from the whole Qualcomm thing. There's not really any use burying a Chinese company in a "PR nightmare", because A. they don't care and B. if it becomes a real problem they will resurface with a different name. That being the case, you can of course fight here for a meaningless victory. I cannot imagine a reason to, however. I bought a water flossing machine. I've been flossing for more than a year, but there were always bits of my gums that stayed kind of sensitive. According to my dentist it was "possible to do it right, but hard", which I took to mean I was bad at flossing. Now I floss in the evening after dinner with regular floss and use the water flosser twice a day. Works like a charm, I would have gotten one ages ago if I knew they existed and worked this well. They don't rely on goodwill at all. Companies rely on you spending money. The odds of any one person having an attention span long enough to hold a grudge that might have an impact on their wallet are so vanishingly small that they really only need to care about milking everyone for all they are worth. I prefer this explanation, because you can see that it meshes very well with what happens in practice. The price of a PS3 and Blu-ray player was approximately identical (here, for basically the whole lifetime of a PS3), except a PS3 could do much, much more. There are of course good reasons for why this was the case but from a consumer standpoint it's always seemed hilariously weird to buy a Blu-ray player. I was with you 100% about the AMP stuff, but a statement like "page loads within 1-2 seconds do not make a major impact" is just so laughably wrong that I have to wonder where you source your information. If you actually work in the space, it would behoove you to do some A/B testing on different page load speeds. You will quickly see that it does indeed make a huge impact on user interaction. That is leaving aside the fact that nobody is actually investing the time they'd spend in AMP to make their website faster. It's simply not something the really bad publishers (for example, a lot of the news space) care about, for reasons I have never managed to follow. You are not obligated to provide the data in the way it has been structured at your company. You are obligated to provide it in a machine-readable format, and that is where the provisions end. It can be any format you want and can contain the information in any way that you like, as long as it's all there. Enforcement is happening, though unfortunately I don't have an actual source on hand to show you. Anecdotally, I enjoy being able to finally tell companies to forget me and stop sending me spam. It has actually worked very well for that. I also enjoy being able to report companies blatantly and maliciously infringing on my rights, because it finally makes me feel like maybe I'm not just some cattle to be exploited for someone else's benefit. Another benefit of having the right to be forgotten is that I (hopefully) won't pop up in so many future data leaks. I've been fortunate so far that nothing serious has ever been leaked about me, and I've insulated myself well from leaking passwords because I use a new random one everywhere. I do however know a few people who have been burned this way and subsequently become the victim of identity theft. Being that the police lacks incentive and ability to do anything about this (I know this from personal experience, I do not live in a third-world country or even one that is moderately poor), the only cure for this problem is prevention. It helps me to sleep better at night knowing this risk has gotten smaller. This is a question I would encourage everyone to use a search engine for. To answer your question: https://edps.europa.eu/data-protection/our-role-supervisor/c... It's possible this got downvoted because it is seen not as a misunderstanding of reality to be corrected, but in fact a harmful meme that the original poster doesn't actually believe themselves. Viewed through that lens, it certainly does deserve to be downvoted and it does not deserve to be interacted with. Not that I advocate either action. Plenty of other countries have similar mechanisms, where the user is also not informed (because of a court order or similar). The US is certainly not the only culprit here, although they may or may not be the worst. None. And it's not like wikileaks made a lasting and positive change anywhere so far. Plus, after "leaking" it's quite possible your life will be destroyed. Thus the utility becomes a net negative. If the number of incidents doesn't go over a particular number it is probably way cheaper to let the police deal with it. It's how we handle most "people can't be assholes" rules, after all. Move to a different country. Work hard and be an asset somewhere you do agree with society's laws, then help that country improve it's lot so more people can benefit. Why should a country be different than a company? Year? Do you perhaps mean decidecade? How do we know it is well-meaning? It's a project that has taken in a significant amount of money, that apparently people with actual knowledge are aware won't change a thing. It feels good to donate to it sure, but you have to wonder about the people running it given these facts. A US court order definitely won't be, but they could get a local one. It would of course take a bit longer. I'm pretty sure the consensus is that positive reinforcement, when used consistently and over a long time, can be used without any negative reinforcement and still get the requisite training results. That's leaving aside the fact that negative reinforcement is bad for the relationship with your child and/or pet. Completely on this subject though, I find the behaviour in question here insane. Mostly because adults are supposed to be independent and competent. Of course, not everyone is raised equally. If this works for them, who are we to judge? The fact that he produced something easy to see helps cement in the mind of more people exactly how possible it is. It's a benefit not in the sense that it was impossible before, but rather a benefit in the sense that more people will really believe that it is possible. You will be mistreated and thrown in jail, because they'll assume you're a criminal (and in a very literal sense you are). This will work until it gets widely known, at which point all truecrypt/veracrypt volumes will be assumed to contain some sort of hidden layer. The phone experience for riot is really, really bad (extremely high battery usage, even when the app is not in use. I'm aware of the technical reasoning behind it and I frankly don't care as a consumer). This was (and is) the one barrier stopping me from using it and converting my friends to matrix (they're not platform loyal at all). The last time I looked into this (maybe 6 months ago), this could only be achieved using non-standard/experimental server extensions with absolutely no guarantee of stability. This then led me to believe that it was one of those things that was theoretically possible, but not practically possible. Has that changed in the meantime? No, it's because all of the big chat applications are hosted in the US and this is a completely unacceptable country to have any data in. While this is a good response in terms of likely outcomes, it's important to respect OP's right to make his own decisions. In this case, he did make a decision and decided to gather advice on how to fill that in on a forum of people he trusts. It would be very aggravating to me to receive replies that essentially say "what you want is just a phase, you should stop wanting that and want something else". I don't understand what your complaint is here. You do something that is considered rude in both of our cultures (as evidenced by how you say people respond to you), but you appear to be aggrieved in some way that this is the case. In a big city it's generally considered bad form to look at others too much. Making eye contact is something I would avoid, but mostly because it can be seen as threatening (I'm assuming you're a guy) and can lead to you being ganged up somewhere dark if you do it to the wrong person. I can imagine that people would be in a similar boat that I am in: I am charitable, I enjoy giving time and effort to good causes that directly help people (eg volunteer work in orphanages, feeding the poor). When I want to donate money (I am in a position to do that far more than I do currently), I am left with the insight that actually there is no charity that isn't evil in some way. Examples of evil include very high CEO/upper management salaries, stuff like "fundraisers", performing acts of charity that sound good but actually do nothing (or actively harm), etc. Every time I come to the conclusion that it's easy to do good, but practically impossible to donate to something good in an effective way. With the way my life has been progressing and how I suspect a lot of people's lives progress as they age (less free time, more relative income) this effectively means that charity stops out of necessity as time goes on. I would love to have a solution to this, as it does bother me. The track record is not dubious. Look at the countries that do it most, now look at what it's like to live there for an average person. The track record is objectively terrible. The politicians who say otherwise are receiving very poor advice (or are actively seeking poor advice) to the point where I suspect it might be active malice for personal gain. Easy to use, but heavy if you travel a lot (the maps are big). Also it doesn't offer anything in the way of alternative routing for traffic jams/road repair proactively (so you don't spend an hour driving back or looping instead of taking a route that is maybe 10m slower from the get go). There are many smaller examples that make Osmand not really something I would recommend to anyone else, even though it is what I use (I use it because google maps simply won't work on my phone because of how it is set up). There is a word for people like that. In fact, there are many. It's just that they're very, very rude words that we shouldn't use in polite discourse. If people have a conspiracy theory about secretly being helped by a large faceless power, that would probably fall under the label "pronoia". It requires the route you will take and the time at which you are estimated to be at certain points along it. I would say that this is even worse than your current exact position. Hotword recognition does already exist and works on fairly modest hardware (I've never tested it on a pi, so I don't know specifically how well that would work - or more accurately how fast). The trouble is that it's an enormous hassle to set up and while it is open source, it involves some company or other having it's grubby paws all over the recognition networks. Which may or may not rub you the wrong way. I suspect that while we both got similar advice in the past, we respond differently to people telling us not to do things. I don't love just being told "what you want is a bad idea" especially if it's as nebulous as general life advice/direction. For this reason I end up not listening to it, even though there might be good underpinnings. I try to let people make their own mistakes, there is not really a wrong choice to make - it's their life after all. This is all assuming that "don't do this thing you're doing" is something that the OP has heard before, of course. It seems pretty obvious that it's not something most people would find a good idea. I assume that's one of the reasons they're asking here. The title here is "around Europe", which guarantees "abroad". It is terrible technically. It does too many things (for no apparent reason) and it's every other month that we see some enormous exploit for it. If you really look at how the big names have gotten busted, you will see that their opsec is bad with no exceptions. Apparently people that actually know the craft don't see enough upside to running a marketplace like that, which should make you wonder about the ones that still exist. You are vastly overestimating your adversary here. There are many, many hackers gainfully employed in the deepest, darkest recesses of every government. I think directly saying that it is incompatible with fascism is a bit of a stretch, although I do agree that it is a nice thought. "mindbogglingly huge" is an incredible overstatement. It's not easy to deal with malicious e-mails, but it's also not some unattainable end-goal that only a huge corporation can achieve. A single very motivated person can do it with significant effort, or a small team (3-4) people can do it with average effort (in the setup phase. Maintenance is a 1-2 people affair, and not even fulltime). You are violating the privacy of anyone coming to your door, without them having the option to say no. You have made this "tradeoff" for them, thinking that for you, this is fine. Yes, normally anyone camping outside your house would be able to see it too. Now you are also recording it though, which changes the story significantly. They don't disagree with anything, they just are. And the beautiful thing about that is that they can be the way they are and be totally unrelated to any real cost. This is incredibly reductionist. I would love to see some incontrovertible studies done on this phenomenon. Most preferably not by a small group of people. Do you have access to those? Have you found some sort of mostly universal truth in data somewhere? Assuming that they're going for cheap with a good rate of return, I'd be more inclined to go with "screenshots of whatever you watch and when you watch it". Of course, you can do all sorts of interesting analysis on this (when is this person home, what hours do they probably work, what demographic do they belong in given what they watch and when they watch it, etc). I don't think you need cutting-edge research based stuff to get some seriously creepy invasion of your privacy. You can easily make half of your original salary back by working part-time in a sector not directly related to the one you left. If you're already given 75% of your old salary, you won't even need to be picky. You can learn new skills and work on your hobbies/the rest of your life, while receiving a princely sum for the amount of work you're actually doing. It's only a bad deal if your current sector is all you ever aspire to work in, and I'd posit that's not the case for the majority of people. He's not ignoring you, he's just disputing the results of the research as stated. You are claiming better worker protection = higher unemployment. Clearly it has been demonstrated this is not true. What is also not true is the converse; one is not required for the other. You can then of course claim "but it is true, because these studies still say so!" but that doesn't make it an established thing. It is a hypothesis that some people have tested and found to be true. Other people did not. I would say this makes it at best uncertain whether or not it is the case. This is against the guidelines of HN: https://news.ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html Any statement like "in Europe" is a fundamental disservice to how diverse Europe is in terms of taste. For example, I don't think I've ever met anyone in my life that likes to drink americano. I know a lot of people that smoke and drink coffee though. This is wrong. It's perfectly possible to screenshot your netflix stream. Aside from the fact that any US company is an instant no-go if you care about your privacy (and that last mile isn't an issue in the Netherlands), 35ms is actually quite a lot of latency if you're used to a Dutch connection (which will hover around 9ms for a cable). You'd have to take the fact that they fight this on faith, and given the track record of basically every US company so far... You'd have to be very naive. If you are working on propping up the ad industry I certainly won't lie awake at night if you are inconvenienced by it dying.