Do what WordPress.com does - only show ads to people who come in from search engines AND don't have a "I've been to WordPress.com before" cookie. That way your regular users will never see an ad, but the people most likely to click on ads (external visitors in "search mode") will. Make sure your regulars know that this is going on though, or they may feel you are being dishonest with them. My impression was that they moved to asp.net when they were having scaling problems and Microsoft promised them free consulting to solve those problems... provided they switched to .NET. For me it's all down to philosophy. Prototype adds a bunch of global variables and extends loads of built-in ojbects. That's fine, unless you ever want to include code that has a different idea about how any of those extensionss should work (like mooTools, which I also avoid on philosophical grounds). jQuery adds just one global variable (called jQuery) along with a revertible alias (the $ symbol). That pretty much guarantees jQuery will work flawlessly with any other code. Read Cal Henderson's book "Building Scalable Web Sites". The JavaScript you described exists - it's called dojox.comet, and it looks like this: dojox.cometd.init(' http://example.com/cometd' ); dojox.cometd.subscribe('/channel', callback); That's basically what you described, but with the additional concept of "channels" to make it easy to support lots of different event streams. I wrote more about this here: http://simonwillison.net/2007/Dec/5/comet/ I disagree: just like Ajax, Comet is a very necessary buzzword. The technology behind Comet existed for years before the term "Comet" was coined, but very few developers were aware of it because there wasn't a good term for it. The same is true of Ajax. In fact, Comet was coined precisely because the term "Ajax" had had such a large influence on adoption of the underlying technology. Vocabulary is important. I've implemented it, and I use it on a handful of sites that support it (various blogs, Highrise, BlinkSale). Looks nice. Dumb feature request: how about custom subdomains? http://subject.linkherd.com/ suggests more of a standalone community than linkherd.com/subject . I've used wildcard DNS for this kind of thing in the past (e.g. simon.idproxy.net ) OpenID support would be nice too ;) Having links like /django/78/up/ is a CSRF attack just waiting to happen - you should turn them in to POST forms (preferably with some unobtrusive Ajax) and add a form key to prevent people from tricking other logged in users in to up-voting stories. Form tokens are more robust - some people strip referrers (sometimes even at the firewall level) to prevent information leakage from their corporate intranets. "Didn't seem very modular, you can only use the Django ORM and templating engine." Very common misunderstanding. You can use Django with SQLAlchemy (I have done in the past). You can use Django with Genshi, or Cheetah, or whatever template engine you like (I would strongly recommend using something like Genshi for outputting XML). It's usually better to stick with the Django ORM though as it will let you use many of the excellent extension applications for Django (such as django-mptt, django-tagging or the Django admin package). The same is not true for the Django template system - replacing it with something else has no disadvantages at all that I can think of. "Just because it's included doesn't mean you have to use it" sounds like a pretty good argument to me. The Python standard library has hundreds of modules that most people never touch, but no one complains that it's too heavyweight. Django tries to take the same "batteries included" philosophy. Where do you live? I know plenty of places in the UK (especially London) that are hiring... Client-side encryption wouldn't protect you against that site turning evil and deciding to steal your passwords - they'd just have to change their code to decrypt your passwords and then post them back to the server. I don't see your point. If I steal the password for your e-mail somehow, I can access your inbox (through webmail or POP or whatever) and then use "I forgot my password" on sites you use to steal your accounts there. If you use webmail and don't delete your e-mail I can search through your inbox to figure out what those sites are. Seems like a pretty serious single point of failure to me. OpenID is not a replacement for your users table. The first time someone logs in with an OpenID you haven't seen before, there's nothing to stop you from asking them for their e-mail address (you can even send them a challenge e-mail if you want to be sure). All OpenID really does is provides your users with an alternative to setting up Yet Another username and password just for your site. It also lets people opt-in to correlate their accounts across multiple services, which is useful for both you and for them. If OpenID meant giving up the user database (the crown jewels of any site) it wouldn't have a chance of being adopted by anyone. jQuery. I don't need classes and inheritance (I use closures for pretty much everything you would use a class for, and on the occasions that I do need either classes or inheritance it really isn't that much trouble to roll them from scratch) and philosophically I much prefer jQuery's approach of only adding one global symbol to my namespace v.s. Prototype adding global symbols all over the place. This isn't new - it's probably Wikipedia's best kept secret though. It first got saved to del.icio.us in November 2006: http://del.icio.us/url/08d335d4c1d2f491cc70e1bf61e5d880 My least favourite phrase in the English language has to be "they must have too much time on their hands" in response to something creative but niche (re-creating Star Wars in animated ASCII art, for example). My usual response these days is "at least they weren't just watching TV". Extension-less URLs are great, but I'm not a fan of content negotiation. I like to be able to copy and paste a URL to someone and know that they are going to retrieve the same piece of content as I did. I don't like language negotiation for the same reason - if someone finds a typo on my French language site and sends me a link to the page but I see it in English I won't know what they're talking about. Seconded - really excellent podcast, also a great way of catching up on what's happened in the past week. That article says nothing of the sort - it says that the designers and IAs (who are presumably the people who build the site "templates") hand code their markup, but it makes no claims about the content producers who are actually posting up stories on a day-to-day basis. They certainly use a CMS, but there's no indication of whether they author in HTML, use some kind of WYSIWYG interface or use some other form of markup. In my experience, the thing people have most trouble with using Subversion is moving directories around. They expect to be able to open up the Finder (on OS X) and drag a folder somewhere else - but doing so without using "svn move" results in massive confusion later on as the hidden .svn directory gets moved at the same time, breaking things. Many (all?) distributed systems solve this issue by keeping repository metadata in one place at the root of the project rather than spreading it around in lots of .svn folders. Twitter has been mostly not Rails for a very long time. You can't build a service like Twitter on top of a traditional relational database stack, so much of their infrastructure is based around custom message queue stuff. Oddly enough Django was actually originally written as an easy abstraction layer around mod_python - partly so we didn't have to work with the low-leveal mod_python constructs, but mostly because back in 2003 we weren't 100% sure mod_python would work for us, and having an abstraction layer would make it easy to move to something else if we needed to (this was before WSGI as well). It's a significantly better programming language; I don't think you'll be able to find anyone who knows both PHP and Python and will disagree with that statement. PHP is a very simple language with built-in features for web application development. Python is an advanced, multi-paradigm general purpose language that has evolved over more than a decade. Here are a few Python language features that I seriously miss when I'm working in PHP: - Modules and namespaces! This is the feature that initially drove me away from PHP. - List comprehensions (let you construct a new list based on an old list in a one-liner) - Built in iterator support (easy "for item in collection" support for many different types of collection) - First class functions and closures (so you can treat your functions as data) Those are just four off the top of my head. If you haven't looked at Python before (but already know how to program) I suggest taking a look at http://diveintopython.org/ which is a free online book. It's a fine backend language for a small to medium sized website, but you need to be aware that at a certain size (in terms of complexity of the application you are building) you'll often find yourself fighting against the language. That's not to say you can't build large applications in PHP, just that you need a great deal of discipline to do so. You'll either need to adopt one of the MVC frameworks (Symfony for example) or roll your own. A lot of the features in the framework you chose will be workarounds for limitations in PHP itself (such as its lack of decent namespacing and poorly designed database access primitives). No, but if you're using Python or Ruby at least you won't need framework features that work around problems with your core language. My point about using a framework wasn't to knock PHP; it was more a piece of advice - "if you do use it, you'll need to be aware of this". Quoting myself: "That's not to say you can't build large applications in PHP, just that you need a great deal of discipline to do so." I can't imagine there's a noticeable speed difference between the two, but .end() is more about avoiding code duplication than speeding things up. If you don't like it, you can use a variable instead: var entries = $('div.entry').css('border', '1px solid black'); entries.find('a').css('color', 'red'); entries.find('p').addClass('p-inside-entry'); I was initially pretty skeptical about chaining - I didn't find it easy to read, and I was worried that it would mean bugs in the middle of a chain were hard to spot. In practice I've found that these concerns were unfounded - chaining is perfectly readable once you get used to it (provided you don't go too crazy) and it's trivial to split a chain in to separate chunks if you need to debug it. jQuery maintains a stack of previously selected collections of elements and adds to it every time you call a method that modifies the current selection in some way; calling .end() simply pops the stack back to the previous stored collection. I haven't seen anything that says that's the library they use for Gmail - I got the impression it was a brand new library produced as part of the Doctype project (partly for educational purposes). Got a link to back that statement up? That site has one of the most misleading names on the Web - it has nothing to do with the W3C. That feature has been in Dojo for years - in fact I'd be very surprised if Google's implementation wasn't directly inspired by Dojo's. I think you missed the point of the comparison. One of the reasons C++ took off was that it was deliberately compatible with C (the dominant language at the time), so you didn't have to discard your existing C code and could ramp up from your existing skills. Likewise, today the dominant language is Java, and Scala compiles down to Java bytecode and allows you to continue to use your existing Java libraries. To my knowledge Erlang doesn't have these capabilities. Huge, epic fail. I work with some extremely smart developers. When ever a task involving SOAP comes up, faces drop around the room. RESTful APIs (be they XML or JSON, the latter often preferable) are far, far easier to consume. I don't have a link, but I remember hearing Jeff Barr from Amazon Web Services claim that the services they provided in both REST and SOAP saw an order of magnitude traffic to the REST interface. "SOAP stacks will automatically parse that 2-3 digit number into the correct data type for the platform/language you are using." JSON stacks not only do that, but they do it better because the set of available data structures in JSON is constrained to a sensible subset - you don't end up having to replicate complex classes in multiple different languages just to get a chunk of data from one place to another. Has anyone in the history of computing ever really taken advantage of the "transport layer agnostic" aspect of SOAP? I'd be a bit scared of using Erlang for crawling since the actual text processing capabilities of the language are pretty weak. Crawling seems like the kind of thing where you'd want a message queue style system (potentially written in Erlang) that co-ordinates plenty of individual crawling processes written in a language better suited for text handling. Some languages and platforms are designed with scalability in mind. Erlang forces you to write code in terms of message passing between shared-nothing processes, which means that when you need to scale to multiple cores / machines your code is already designed to do so. Google AppEngine severely restricts the kind of operations you can perform (no File I/O, a persistence engine that doesn't even support aggregate queries) which means that you are forced to design your application in a way that scales. http://djangogigs.com/ currently lists 90 jobs in the US and 34 in the UK. There's nothing new about depending on external parties - if your site hosts ads (or uses an external stats service) you're already running code hosted elsewhere, so you should probably be comfortable linking through to Google (I trust them a lot more than most ad networks). The question is always "do I trust this provider not to screw me over" - Google's developer network stuff HAS to be trustworthy or they'll lose the hearts and minds they've been cultivating overnight. As for your app becoming reliant on Google's version of the framework, you can always download the JS file they've been serving and host it yourself. You can't get locked in that way. I don't think you need an ETag if you're serving a Last-Modified. Aah I understand where you're coming from. I would be amazed if Google made changes to the libraries they are serving up (since it would undermine the entire concept of the hosting service). Because it massively violated user expectations of privacy on the web? Why doesn't it add security? It means the password isn't being transmitted in cleartext (it's using an irreversible hash). For the record, Yahoo! use that exact technique on their login page (though I'm not sure why as it's served over https). UPDATE: I see from a post further down that you're talking about re-writing the JavaScript in transit. Fair point. Yup. mod_wsgi is written by one of the core mod_python maintainers and is essentially a much more modern take on the whole problem of running Python code within Apache. It's powerful, flexible, easy to configure and it even works well with shared hosting (you can give each user their own process group which restarts when they "touch" a file in their home directory). I'm a total convert. "So digg was supposed to jump on this problem and not worry about anything else apparently." Quite frankly, yes they should. If you have an XSS hole in your web application your other user-facing security measures are worthless. If you're a social application of any sort it's even worse; you're just asking to be hit by a worm. XSS is a Big Deal. XSS holes also really easy to find, so if a security researcher spots one it's not unlikely that a Bad Guy will find them as well. Here's how to safely output a variable in PHP: Here's how to do the same thing in Django: {{ name }} That's the thing that bugs me most about PHP: it's not even a productive templating language! I personally think PHP it blurs the line between a language and framework. The "framework" part is the 20,000 builtin functions and the mechanism it provides for executing code as part of a dynamic web request. In any case, my intent wasn't to compare Django to PHP, it was to point out that PHP's default way of outputting things really does make it inconvenient to write secure code - hence answering the parent post that argued that poor security had nothing to do with the language used. See my reply here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=209259 You still need to do this: I've used this exact function in my own code, though I call it "h". Really sucks that we have to do this - not to mention that PHP's global namespace for functions means it's better to have long names that are more likely not to clash with third party code. You can't write code for redistribution like that though as most PHP installations have that option disabled since ti inteferes with XML processing instructions. jQuery is designed to work unobtrusively - it's easy to write applications using jQuery that still work with JavaScript disabled. GWT is a JavaScript black-hole. You simply can't create unobtrusive applications with it - your only option is to write two versions of your site, one using regular HTML and another using GWT. Also, some of us prefer writing JavaScript to writing Java. Crazy, I know. CSRF attacks are strong. I can write an attack that tries dozens of different potential combinations of URL and table names just as easily as I can attack one. Not to mention that many people use their web host's one-click install tool which always puts scripts like phpMyAdmin in the same place. The reason CSRF is scary is that it works against those defences. Again, CSRF defeats those defences. Nope, it's because Microsoft just don't care. Wikipedia has 2.5 million articles all in the same namespace and still manage to have nice URLs. It really doesn't take much effort to provide decent URLs for a very large corpus of information - but Microsoft clearly haven't even thought about the problem. Their URLs have always been disgracefully bad. That's kind of a loaded question since a reasonable definition of an enterprise CMS is "one that isn't very good". That said, Ellington (which I worked on a few years ago) is probably expensive enough that it can be considered "enterprise" and ships with nice URLs out of the box: http://www.ellingtoncms.com/ I didn't mean they don't care about their end users, I meant they don't care about their URLs. I think the links earlier in this thread are a perfect example of why this is useful. You can tell what you'll get when you click on the Yahoo! and Google ones, but the Microsoft one is totally opaque. Mozilla make tens of millions of dollars out of that Google search box every year. That's some expensive moral high ground you're asking for there! Philosophical question: would it be moral for Mozilla to cancel that deal and then have to lay off half of their staff? Out of interest, why would you suggest Prototype for "more advanced stuff"? I disagree. Achieving smooth animation without a library is extremely difficult. If you look at what the modern libraries actually do you'll see that they have two features which are tricky to implement from scratch: frame rate limiting and easing. Frame rate limiting means that if you are running lots of complex animations at once the libraries will drop frames to ensure that all animations complete in the allocated time. Easing gives you a pleasing speed-up / slow-down effect during your animation which makes them look far more natural. This is a fair amount more complicated than simple animations set up just using setTimeout. Of course, you can roll that stuff yourself - but why duplicate all of that effort? Also, DOM manipulation with the regular DOM is amazingly inconvenient when compared to manipulation using a library such as jQuery. The DOM is a pretty verbose API with a lot of weird quirks (removing a node: "theNode.parentNode.removeChild(theNode)") - jQuery provides a much more sensible API, which in turn means that I find myself using DOM manipulation a lot more since it isn't such a pain to do. Yahoo! have a great search API: http://developer.yahoo.com/search/ Google quietly re-introduced their search API a few months ago under the guise of the "Ajax Search API that doesn't require JavaScript" - it requires you to provide a referrer which is a bit weird, but it should work OK: http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/documentation/#fonje I think they ended up having to do that because of jQuery's chaining support. Most of jQuery's functionality lives in a single namespace (jQuery.fn) which means you can chain method calls together like this: jQuery('div:first').addClass('hello').text('Hello World').draggable().css('color', 'red'); If a plugin needs three or four methods, that's three or four extra functions on the one object - which ends up looking quite ugly: jQuery('blah').draggable({options}).destroyDraggable() The message passing idiom lets them add just one method to the jQuery.fn namespace that can cover a full range of different actions. I think it's a pretty clever pragmatic solution. One big difference is that both Prototype and mooTools make modifications to the built-in types (extra Array methods etc). jQuery (and Dojo and YUI) explicitly avoids doing this for compatibility reasons. It's no coincidence that mooTools and Prototype are the only two big libraries that can't co-exist on a single page. The interesting thing about jQuery is its focus - it almost exclusively works to improve the interaction between JavaScript and HTML. DOM manipulation is more convenient in jQuery than any other library, and the other library features build on top of that core ideal. mooTools and Prototype attempt to make improvements to the JavaScript language. jQuery tends to play along with the language - it supports a functional style of programming using lots of closures (while you can avoid them if you really want to I find jQuery code with closures flows really well). DHTML dropdowns need to be created using HTML markup - divs and spans would work, but an unordered list makes a bit more structural sense. You'll have to write code that creates an empty list, finds your select box, loops through all of the options within it, creates a list item with the same text in it as each of those options, appends the list item to the empty list and then appends that list in to the DOM. Then you can trigger an existing dropdown library against your newly created list (and remove the select box from the DOM). What's wrong with using innerHTML? It Depends. If you're doing something really simple where you know exactly what the HTML you're slotting in to the DOM is going to look like, go with AHAH - it's generally easier to generate HTML snippets on the server-side than the client-side due to JavaScript's poor support for multi-line strings. If you're likely to want to re-use the data service you're building in more than one place, go with JSON. The problem with an AHAH endpoint is that it can only be used for one thing - a JSON endpoint can easily be repurposed for other parts of your application. The only reason to bother with XML is if you're going to be doing HUGE transforms of e.g. a ton of data in to an HTML table, at which point you might want to use client-side XSLT for a speed boost. The vast majority of applications won't need that though, in which case JSON is far more convenient. They care about attention to detail. They obviously want their job applicants to care too. I always make a point of checking the preferred spelling of a company or product name when I write about them - probably because I worked at Yahoo! for a year and you really get the importance of that ! hammered in to you (I also have an easily mis-spelled surname). Twiki has the worst wiki markup of any wiki I've ever used. Avoid. The company I'm working with at the moment is using Confluence, which is reasonable. I'd much rather be using MediaWiki or Trac though. According to accessibility gurus that I know (proper ones who run real controlled tests with screen readers, not just random people who read blogs) using tables for form layout (as shown in that article) is bad, because screen readers have "forms mode" and "tables mode" and a form inside a table forces them to constantly toggle between the two, making it extremely hard to follow. That would be fantastic. The problem is that we're pretty much stuck with the screen readers we've got - even when the screen reader companies do release new versions (which they do painfully infrequently) most of their users stick with their current versions because the upgrades are so expensive. If you care about blind users (which you should; you're missing one of the great benefits of the Web if you don't) you need to cater to screen reader versions that are five or so years old! Apparently forms inside tables are bad for screenreader users because they have to constantly switch between "forms mode" and "tables mode" to navigate them. You'll still be able to do that. For when you absolutely, positively need to ensure no search engine ever sees any of your content. Changing your browser's font size breaks things in interesting ways as well due to the co-ordinate system being based on pixels. Guilty as charged. I apologise to asnyder for my negative tone; to his credit he's done a great job of answering the critics. The marketing of the product touched a nerve seeing as I'm part of a large movement of developers who embrace HTML and client-side development in general as disciplines that are worth investing significant effort in to. Yes. That's why XSS is such a serious security problem. And even if you can't steal cookies, you can still do nasty things like re-target the login form's action to point at your own server and hence steal people's passwords. If your client is confused by a salted hash, I certainly wouldn't trust them to keep their database secured. I imagine Inc. has a word limit on articles so they can fit them in the magazine. If so, there's not a lot Joel can do to keep his columns for Inc. as informative as the essays he publishes on his site without any length restriction. I'm guessing it's http://flickrslidr.com/ "This post is the latest in an ongoing series about how we harness the data we collect to improve our products and services for our users." - makes it look like a PR initiative to help counter arguments from privacy advocates that Google should be destroying or anonymizing their log files. Still an interesting read though. Any plans to support OpenID as well? The group behind this, the "Power of Information" taskforce, are trying to fix this. They need people to build things against the existing limited set of APIs that demonstrate how important this data is, so they can use that as an argument in getting better data made available under friendlier terms. Jesse Rudermann pointed out a nasty security concern on my blog: http://simonwillison.net/2008/Jul/4/quipt/#comments Basically, if you have a single page anywhere on your domain that doesn't run the script, a malicious site could load up window.name with something nasty and then send the user to that page - if they then followed a link to a page that did execute the script the malicious code would be executed as an XSS attack. Tools like BeautifulSoup (Python) and hpricot (Ruby) make processing HTML just as easy as processing XML. Any reason you don't support OpenID as well as username/passwords? It would eliminate a step from your already short signup process, and would support your goal of being "hassle-free". Surely this approach means it's impossible to discuss XSS attacks on a forum-style site running that filter? A decent server-side programming environment will provide protection against SQL injection by default - if you're using a database library that requires you to glue strings together and escape arguments manually, stop using that and use something that does safe parameter replacement (you can write a function to do that in about three lines of PHP, for example). XSS is pretty easy too - use a template mechanism that escapes all output by default. Django has thankfully been doing that for quite a while now; I think there are Rails plugins that will do it too. CSRF is the scary one, mainly because most developers still don't know what it is or how it works. Look it up online and spend some time implementing a decent mechanism for adding hidden tokens to your forms that are derived from your user's cookies. Django has CSRF middleware but it's a bit of a cludge; Rails has a pretty good solution for this as far as I know. Article would be improved by omission of tasteless stock photo. http://www.djangoproject.com/documentation/db-api/#retrievin... In Django, objects are retrieved from the ORM something like this: entries = Entry.objects.filter(published = True) Entry.objects is a "manager" - an object that knows how to implement operations across the overall set of objects. You can create custom managers if you want to add custom operations that can be run against all of the objects - for example, you might want to "Entry.published" to be a special manager that pre-filters your entries to the ones that have their published flag set. Agreed - what's wrong with following @ replies, or just using search.twitter.com ? So is this the new official site, or a better designed version with permission, or some dude's idea for a better site or what? http://git.or.cz/ is still up and doesn't link to http://git-scm.com/ Unfortunately there's a pretty nasty bug in that library - it creates a massive number of unnecessary global variables. I reported it a couple of months ago but I don't think the project is under active development: http://code.google.com/p/js-hotkeys/issues/detail?id=17 Actually I've heard of a number of Rails apps that are CPU bound rather than being IO bound, and that's with the database hosted on a separate server. It's a mistake to lump jQuery in with Prototype and MooTools as "doing things significantly differently and only sorta playing nice with each other". jQuery very deliberately avoids modifying built-in objects to ensure compatibility with other libraries and existing code. "First, let's write the following: Object.prototype.clone" Never, ever add things to Object.prototype. It breaks enumeration over objects using the for...in operator, which in turn breaks lots of other libraries you might want to use later. Sure, this is due to a bug in the core JavaScript spec but it's one we all have to live with. That's where the name came from, yes. No connection to Ze Frank otherwise. Considering upwards of 10% of all end-user machines connected to the internet are part of a botnet, probably never. Two good things and one bad thing. The good things are multi-line lambdas (which Ruby calls blocks) and loose syntax rules, which I found weird at first but is the secret behind all of that DSL stuff. The bad thing is the cultural tendency of the Ruby community towards monkey patching, which in my opinion trades long term maintainability for short term convenience. EveryBlock doesn't use GeoDjango. This is an attitude that we're very keen on discouraging - if you look at the schedule for DjangoCon we've deliberately included talks about Django's deficiencies: Cal Henderson on "Why I hate Django" and Mark Ramm on "A Turbogears guy on what Django should learn from Zope." I imagine part of the problem here is that most of the work on 1.0 is being done at in-person sprints. Anyone can attend these, but if you aren't there you miss out on the discussions about what's being worked on and what's ready to merge in to trunk. Because the work is being done in one place, there's less published communication about it on the mailing lists. The up-side of the sprints is that they're incredibly productive, as you can see by looking at the amount of high quality checkins they generate. Because it was on the http://code.djangoproject.com/wiki/VersionOneFeatures "maybe" list (as in it will go in to 1.0 if someone does the work to get it ready), and someone did the work to get it ready. As to how things got on that list, that's why Django has BDFLs. Someone has to make these decisions. If you wanted to influence those discussions, the time would have been several months ago on the django-developers list. If you want to influence future decisions, join that list and start arguing for them. You need to fix the bug where I can view other people's tasks just by changing the ID in the /task/show/ URL. You should also add a "send feedback" form so people can report this kind of bug in private! Google Checkout? Using a database proxy to defend against SQL injection reminds me of http://xkcd.com/463/ Hold down the power button and hit the button on the front once - you'll get a white flash and a screen shot will be saved to your photos folder. Watch the first ten minutes and see if you get hooked. If you can convince the third party site to adopt OAuth, do that. Otherwise, one technique you could use is to encrypt their password using a key derived from a hash of the password they enter. When they log in, set that hash as their cookie. Each time you need to use the third party password, read that cookie and use it to decrypt the stored password. Since you don't know their real password for your own app (as you only store a different hash of it), you won't be able to derive the hash used for the decryption process (note that this means you need to store a hash of their password for your own authentication using a different salt from the one you use to protect their encryption). With this technique, having access to your database is not enough to decrypt their third-party password. Unfortunately none of this resolves the root problem. Firstly, by asking users to trust you with their passwords for other sites you are teaching them to be phished. Secondly, if you turn evil (or someone evil acquires your site in some way) the server-side logic can be changed to steal the user's password. Another downside of this approach: should they change their password on your site, you'll have to ask them to re-enter the password for the 3rd party service. OpenID requires copy and paste? 1. For classic OpenID with subdomains, you end up typing simonw.myopenid.com instead of just simonw 2. For OpenID 2, you click the "Sign in with Yahoo!" button (assuming the site you are signing in to is targeting the mainstream and has decided to show a big shiny button instead of / in addition to the scary OpenID input field) Option 2 is the one you should get excited about if you're interested in "most people using computers". You don't even have to call it OpenID. But that's the beauty of OpenID - it allows you to keep your identity with the thing that you trust. One of the future developments I'm most excited about with respect to OpenID is the ability to run your OpenID server on your mobile phone. Phones can already run web servers, and with IPv6 they'll be able to have public facing direct internet addresses. Voila, your online identity lives in your pocket. The OpenID community is working on exactly that: http://eaut.org/ I'm very skeptical about the value of stripping HTML from user input - what if your site is a forum where people discuss HTML? Or a site where people might want to talk about the conference? http://www.headconference.com/ Stripping HTML on input also means you lose the ability to audit attempted attacks against your site. A much smarter strategy in my opinion is to escape everything on output. That way it doesn't matter what people submit to your site - unless you explicitly say "this is safe to display unescaped" in your templates harmful characters will be neutralised. Any suggestions for other things we could be doing? Can you give an example of an XSS attack that isn't prevented by auto-escaping (other than the UTF-7 one)? Gotcha, the HTML sanitization problem. Django doesn't even attempt to solve that, which is probably a bad idea since it inevitably means people will use the various insecure libraries that are out there on the 'net. The trouble is it's /really hard/ to do right - I'd be uncomfortable shipping a sanitizer with Django because I'd worry that some weird undocumented IE parsing error would allow nasty code to slip through and result in a 0-day exploit against the entire framework. Do a weekend project in Django and see how it works for you. It's certainly a good skill to have from an employment point of view - the Django job market has exploded over the past year, see http://www.djangogigs.com/ Therein lies the problem: there are no published rules. You only find out that you've broken them after you've completed development of your app and submitted it to the app store. Say goodbye to several months of your life. My experience with App Engine is that you have to think pretty hard about sharding and partitioning - the hierarchy part of the App Engine data store controls which bits of your data live in the same place, and hence what can be modified in a single transaction. If you're already serving your other assets from a separate domain (which is a very good idea - and if you use a separate domain rather than a subdomain you can be sure you won't have any cookies included in incoming HTTP requests, speeding things up even further) then it might be better to serve jQuery from your own asset server, to save the additional DNS lookup. Worth benchmarking, anyway. I'm still hoping someone will release a solid SVG renderer written in Flash or Flex. There are a few projects that are most of the way there, but it would be really neat to have a feature complete one for SVG Tiny which allowed you to reliably render SVG graphics in IE. Where can I find more information about Alchemy? "People no longer identify themselves by their email addresses, they do so by their social networking account, and he's right there." That's an argument FOR OpenID, not against it! If every social network has to invent their own sign in protocol, they have two choices: roll their own, or use OpenID. The smart ones will use OpenID. They're welcome to disguise it under a "log in with MySpace" button, but under the hood it makes sense to use the existing protocol with the pre-written libraries rather than invent something new from scratch. Actually if you generate a PDF off the official Django documentation it comes out as nearly 800 pages! http://blog.clintecker.com/post/66123727/django-1-0-2-docume... You can also add assertions to jQuery about the length of the chain: jQuery.fn.assertLength = function(i) { if (this.length != i) { throw "Expected " + i + " matching elements, selection was: " + this.get(); } return this; } If you're using jQuery 1.3 (with its new selector property), a better implementation might be: jQuery.fn.assertLength = function(i) { if (this.length != i) { throw "Expected " + i + " matching elements, got " + this.length + ", selector was: " + this.selector; } return this; } You can then introduce the assertLength method in to your chains like so: $('div#intro a').assertLength(3).click(...) If the number of matched elements doesn't match the expected, you get a descriptive exception raised which stops execution and shows up in the error console. Les Orchard (who used to work for delicious.com) has a good response to this article. Part of his argument is that Flickr is a really bad place to start a tag analysis, since people generally only tag their own stuff (the big win for tags comes when lots of people provide their personal tags for a single entity, meaning you can look at the data in aggregate). http://decafbad.com/blog/2009/01/18/tags-do-work-for-me-at-l... I really liked the explanation in this piece about how Bebo benefited from targeting old fashioned TV advertising agencies that other social networks completely ignored. Because I don't want the developers of your site to be able to find out the password I also use on other sites. More details on the additional features over Starling (big queues, blocking fetches, reliable fetch) are over here: http://robey.lag.net/2008/11/27/scarling-to-kestrel.html How do hash joins help with sharding? Surely once you go above a certain number of writes per second you're going to need to have more than one writable database server, at which point you need to start partitioning and better join algorithms aren't going to do anything to help. Which commercial database? Any idea which web scale applications are using it, and why the other ones aren't? You should use mod_rewrite and similar to get rid of your .php / .asp extensions because you care about the design of your URLs and don't want your URLs to all break in the future should you move to a different technology - not because you want to hide from crawlers out looking for SQL injection targets. We have a nod towards a consistent interface in the Guardian API in that we offer an Atom output format - it's pretty basic at the moment, but we're looking for community feedback to help us make the Atom version really useful. It's not exactly copylefting - the T&Cs still won't let you modify the content or redistribute it further - but yes, you are allowed to republish the article body (although it's hard to do so at the moment due to the omission of paragraph breaks, which we're working to fix). If you just show our headlines, you won't be asked to display our ads. If you opt to publish our article bodies we reserve the right to ask you to include our ads some time in the future. Django has had low level, undocumented hooks for talking to multiple databases for ages (Malcolm talked about these at DjangoCon, the same conference that hosted Cal's excellent keynote). A very recent checkin makes those hooks easier to use: http://code.djangoproject.com/changeset/10026 Isn't address randomization a form of security by obscurity? While that's good advice generally, it's not enough to protect you from CSRF attacks like the Amazon wishlist one. He suggests the following message queues: http://www.rabbitmq.com/ - first version 8th February 2007, but the first version not to have "alpha" or "beta" status was 1.5.1 released 21st January 2009 http://memcachedb.org/memcacheq/ - version 0.1.1 released 26th November 2008 http://www.ejabberd.im/ - not really a message queue http://xph.us/software/beanstalkd/ - first public release 11th December 2007, hit 1.0 28th May 2008 http://activemq.apache.org/ - not sure when it was first released but the mailing list goes back to December 2005 The first public release of Starling (Twitter's first custom message queue) was 10th January 2008. Presumably they had it running internally for a while before they released it. From this, we can see that when they built their own pretty much the only realistic open source option was ActiveMQ, which can hardly be described as a light-weight solution (not to mention it still doesn't have a stellar reputation under high loads). When the alternatives aren't rock solid yet, rolling your own (where at least you understand all of the code and how it works) seems like a perfectly practical alternative. At a guess, a few reasons. Firstly, they had everything else written against a message queue with particular behaviour - so better to upgrade that queue than switch to a completely new one and have to rewrite everything that interacts with it. Secondly, after running a custom message queue for well over a year they know EXACTLY what they need from one, so writing their own still makes sense. Thirdly, if they're going to start moving other core bits of Twitter infrastructure to Scala it makes sense to try it out with an important piece of the puzzle that they thoroughly understand first. And finally, Twitter's core competency is delivering messages. As such, it's really not so extreme to use their own software to do that - they work at a high enough scale that they need to be experts in whatever solution they are using. As Douglas Crockford once said, "The good thing about reinventing the wheel is that you can get a round one.". The fact that Twitter's reliability over the past 6-12 months has been a huge improvement, despite the enormous growth the service has seen (it's mentioned in the mainstream media all the time) would suggest that their decision to roll their own message queue paid off. RabbitMQ was less than a year old, and significantly more fully featured than what Twitter needed. Fixing bugs in that would be a whole lot harder than fixing bugs in 1500 lines of code they wrote in a language they knew. You linked to a tag, rather than the article itself - which means your link may not point to the same content in a year's time. The article in question is here: http://olabini.com/blog/2009/04/dynamic-languages-on-google-... Hmmm... on second thoughts linking to the tag does make more sense here seeing as there's a series of related entries. It's a shame Ola isn't using a tag that's specific to the series such as "dynamic-languages-on-gae" Amazon have had well documented CSRF holes for years: http://shiflett.org/blog/2007/mar/my-amazon-anniversary If this story turns out to be true (seems perfectly likely) maybe they'll finally start taking them seriously and fixing them. They might well be going for "Let's only write performance intense parts in C++, and make those bits easier to debug" I don't think Twitter will be destroyed by mass uptake. I don't care if 100 million people are spouting rubbish on Twitter, I'll just follow the few hundred who aren't. Twitter Search will become less useful, but the obvious next step for that (albeit difficult to build) would be to let me search tweets just from people who I am following. That after just three days nearly one in twenty of her viewers are following her on Twitter? That's a pretty astonishing number. There's a huge barrier to entry. First, you need to be paying attention during that particular part of the show. Second, you need a computer and an internet connection. Third, you need to have it nearby when you're watching Oprah - you're not going to remember to do it otherwise. Then you need to figure out what to do. Then you need to go through the signup process. Finally, having signed up you need to find Oprah again (not so easy if you don't understand URLs very well, like most people who use the internet) and click "follow". 1/20 is astonishing. No proof at all. I was just trying to point out that your initial suggestion that picking up 400,000 followers in three days didn't deserve "hype" was unfounded. The Cairo-powered http://www.aeracode.org/projects/graphication/ is well worth a look - unfortunately the only documentation is examples at the moment. Haven't tried this out yet, but I'm very optimistic from reading the documentation. See Jacob's post here: http://jacobian.org/writing/rest-worst-practices/ Basically, it's a bad idea to couple something like django-piston too tightly to the underlying models because in any even moderately useful API there will be plenty of resources you want to expose that are actually cobbled together from various different models (or even other storage locations such as a search index or external web service). There's a very good reason to run NoScript: most web developers still don't understand CSRF, and hence many web applications are vulnerable to CSRF attacks. Running NoScript prevents untrusted sites from exploiting CSRF holes in sites that you care about. That said I don't personally run NoScript (I use Safari), but I totally understand people who do. Warning: the zip file unzips itself in to your current directory, rather than a sub-directory. I don't buy that argument. When someone clicks "I forgot my password", you e-mail them a one-time link to log in to their account. They click it, and they're in. That's easier than checking your e-mail and then typing a password. Not to mention that 37signals accounts are paid for - so there's a much higher incentive for people who forget their password to go through the flow to recover that account - otherwise they'll be wasting their money! Anyone know if 37signals still allow people to XSS their own Basecamp accounts? http://forum.37signals.com/basecamp/forums/5/topics/3155 Django uses a salted hash - each password is stored with a random hash code unique to that password, e.g.: sha1$0ae33$b8a9502237851f302170e1bb207d4eb3f36d9a31 The 0ae33 is different for each stored password, and is used as part of the SHA1 hash. This means you have to brute force each account separately - you can't just use a pre-generated SHA1 lookup table. It sounds like you know your stuff though - if there's anything we could do to make this secure (while not depending on any libraries other than the Python standard library) please share! The Django scheme is what tptacek refers to as a "naked sha1 plus salt" and recommends against, because it is computably feasible to brute force it due to sha1 being a fast algorithm. His recommendation is to use a more computationally expensive hash such as bcrypt (based on blowfish) or possibly a few thousand iterations of sha1. It works against not-well-formed markup. Don't send them a random password. Send them a one-time login link (which is kind of like a random password, but it's embedded in the URL so you don't need to type it in to anything). The first screen they see once they're in asks them to reset their password. For my own projects I don't set any limits on passwords that people enter - if they want to use an insecure password that's their problem. I wrote up my experiences building a vanity short URL service a few weeks ago: http://simonwillison.net/2009/Apr/11/revcanonical/ - algorithms and code included Mike also released code on to GitHub: http://github.com/mmalone/django-caching and http://github.com/mmalone/django-multidb Cool, I wrote these notes up for a conference tutorial I gave a few years ago, glad to see they've taken on a useful life of their own. There are a number of practical, scalable (albeit tricky to set up) ways of pushing events from the server to the browser, gathered under the umbrella term Comet. Google have been using Comet for chat within Gmail since around 2005. At EuroDjangoCon I joked that djng is a "micro macro framework" due to the Django dependency. If you look at the source it basically IS a few surgical patches, some of which are implemented as monkey patches. I'd be interested to hear your thoughts on StackedObjectProxy. What is it that makes you uncomfortable about it? Guilty as charged - I'm always up for borrowing good ideas from other projects. That's what open source is about. Most of my favourite ideas in Django were inspired by other frameworks (template inheritance came from Cheetah, the request/response objects were inspired by a combination of Java servlets and PHP). I should probably set aside some time to build a project using modern Pylons and find out about all the other good ideas I've been missing! I haven't tried running it on App Engine yet, but I think it will eventually be a really good fit there (and in fact it should work right now). Does anyone else find the idea of a package installer that /screen scrapes a website for download links/ deeply and fundamentally disturbing, or is it just me? We use 100,000 in the UK too - 100.000 is used by some European countries (Spain is one, not sure about the others). It probably means he's using http://synergy2.sourceforge.net/ - I've used it for similar things (typing on a Mac laptop, with a second monitor hooked up to a Linux desktop) and it's a brilliant solution. According to Mike Malone the official name for a queue built on top of a MySQL table is a "ghetto queue". I believe Flickr still do all of their queuing in that way. I'm a project developer (Django + other things), IRC has been blocked at my last two places of work and I've often used mibbit, which I found to be an excellent client - better than many desktop clients in fact. Please consider this a complaint. It would be great if there was an online demo of your product - I clicked around for a bit looking for one before realising I would have to /download and install it/ in order to try it out! Just running an instance against a PostgreSQL database that gets wiped and reset once an hour by a cron job would be enough to give people a taster. Have you tried TokyoCabinet? It serves a similar purpose (a persistent key/value store which speaks the memcache protocol) and I've only heard good things about its performance. The Guardian (disclaimer: my employer) are one of the only newspapers in the world to provide full content RSS feeds: http://www.guardian.co.uk/help/insideguardian/2008/oct/22/fu... Yes, and the MP's expenses project. I don't get up there often, but the Guardian is right next to Kings Cross - drop me a line at simon.willison@guardian dot couk if you're in the area. Anyone know (and care to share) what FriendFeed's underlying search technology is? Entirely custom, based on Lucene or something else? Because it imposes arbitrary additional rules that make errors fatal, in a Web where errors haven't been fatal in the past. Or you could run HTML through Tidy to get XHTML, then run your XML tools against that. Personally, I just use lxml and BeautifulSoup. We've been running this for several months now. Some of the datasets published are the result of in-depth research by our journalists and researchers - for example, http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/table/2009/jun/09/eu... required calling 50 individual councils to obtain the local break-down results of the European elections (which are only officially published as aggregate totals). You can see a full list of available datasets here: http://www.guardian.co.uk/data-store We actively encourage people to use the data for their own mashups and visualisations. Some of the stuff people have done can be seen in the Flickr group: http://www.flickr.com/groups/1115946@N24/ I've always wanted to know that. Sounds like a job for the Hadoop HDFS. If you want a GFS clone, you /really/ want HDFS from the Hadoop project - I'm reading the new O'Reilly book on Hadoop on the moment which is excellent. I'm genuinely intrigued: what kind of rough steps are there in a six month plan to upgrade to IE7? Is it mostly testing existing internal applications for compatibility? "Loux took the opportunity to introduce Echo - his new product that allows publishers to embed a simple JavaScript widget and aggregate social media and blog dialogue from across the web." - Gosh, I wonder if that was a a factor in declaring the death of comments... Ask them questions. I've used Twitter for everything from finding good bars in Bristol to getting someone to take a photo of the front door to a cold war bunker (twitpicced to me within 20 mins of the request for a picture). I dislike it because I think JavaScript is a perfectly reasonable language for application development - it may have its warts, but they certainly aren't worth introducing a layer of abstraction that thick over them (and Java is hardly wart-free). Here's what I understand: at any one time a Keyspace cluster has one master server which ALL writes go to - the other servers in the cluster replicate from it. If the master goes down another master is elected automatically, giving you your fault tolerance. You can only write to the current master, and reading from slaves may suffer from replication lag - so if you need to write and then read back the same value you need to read against the master as well. Your underlying storage is BerkeleyDB, so your write speed is limited to BerkeleyDB's write speed (which is pretty fast). If I wanted to scale writes I'd need to run multiple sharded keyspace instances, in the same way I might run sharded MySQL databases. Is this accurate, or did I misunderstand something? Hadoop is essentially a Yahoo! project, and has serious cred in geek circles. OK, I'll start. I should emphasize I don't have a particular project in mind just yet, but I do think it's an interesting thought exercise. For my purposes, I'm not particularly interested in saving a full record for every single hit for all time - I've already got that in web server logs. I'd much rather accumulate counters - they take up much less space and should be a lot cheaper to query when I want to generate graphs and reports. MongoDB looks like a tempting option here. It has an atomic increment option and from my initial testing appears to be really fast. Since I'm just incrementing counters, sharding writes across multiple instances should be pretty easy in the future (though that is true no matter what data store I use). Here's one potential scheme. For each page (or whatever is being counted), maintain a counter for every minute for the past two hours. Also maintain a counter for every hour for the past month, and a counter for every day for ever. When a hit comes in, increment the counter for that page on the current day, the current hour and the current minute. That's three counter updates. Every 24 hours, expire any minute counters from more than 24 hours ago, and any hour counters for more than two days ago. You might want to keep track of hits to an individual page, hits to that section of the site (or any of that user's pages) and hits to the site as a whole. That's fine - it just means you'll be updating 9 counters for every hit instead of 3. Apps "to be as big as internet", says CEO of a "leading independent application store". PR puff piece. Interesting attack, but it only works for CSRF tokens included in a URL. If you instead place your tokens in hidden form fields (which I recommend, since you should only need to protect POST requests) this attack won't affect you. Good point - I was thinking about this entirely from the POV of an application developer. This is a superb explanation. PubSubHubBub is a beautiful piece of technology - I hadn't realised it was supported by FeedBurner. Should really help bootstrap further adoption. If nerds aren't going to be leading indicators for computers , what are they going to be indicators for? I'm guessing it was a DDOS due to the amount of time the site was down - if it was coming from a single IP or single IP range they would likely have been able to block it off a lot faster. I think you're missing the purpose of this thing. rel=-hortlink / rev=canonical answer the following question: "I'm on a page with a really long URL. Is there a preferred shorter URL for this page?" In the context of URL shorteners, 302 redirects usually take you from a short URL to a longer one. rel=shortlink is about discovering the preferred short URL when all you have is the long URL. The idea isn't that every page will define its own URL. The idea is that some pages will, and things-that-shorten-URLs should then use their preference in shorter URL when linking to them. For all other pages regular URL shorteners like tinyurl and bit.ly can be used just as they are now. I built a simple Twitter client on my laptop against MongoDB - persistently storing every tweet from everyone I follow. I found it to be stable, flexible, quick to build with and extremely high performance - but I'll probably move the app over to MySQL or PostgreSQL simply because I want to do queries with joins in them! SourceForge are using it heavily in production: http://compoundthinking.com/blog/index.php/2009/07/16/turbog... I sometimes think that my getElementsBySelector script (which inspired Behavior, which in turn inspired jQuery) may end up being the most significant 130 lines of code I'll ever write. http://simonwillison.net/2003/Mar/25/getElementsBySelector/ I see this as an XSS, not a CSRF. The search form is a GET form, and GET forms are /designed/ for cross-site requests - you can link to them to trigger an action, but it's not a forgery since there's no expectation that a GET request was initiated by the same site (people are expected to bookmark them, after all). The POST requests that manipulate the user's account are taking place from within the same domain, driven by the JavaScript that was injected using XSS. You could call them a forgery, but they're not a cross-site forgery since they originate on the same site. All XSS holes are automatically CSRF holes, since XSS can be used to work around all forms of CSRF protection. Looks like Stack Overflow risks the same descent in to mediocrity that plagued Yahoo! Answers. This is the problem with points systems: people will game them, often to the detriment of the site. None of these tips involve actually providing a good, useful answers. Compare with Ask MetaFilter, which provides excellent quality with hardly any game mechanic - instead using community norms to keep the quality high. Am I right in thinking that once a piece of ActiveSupport is pulled in anywhere in the codebase it will affect ALL Ruby objects, rather than having its effect scoped to just the module that included it? Any news on replication? It's a tough one, but it isn't new - PayPal have had that exact problem for years (it's baked in to their core product). They wrote about MongoDB for logging recently: http://blog.mongodb.org/post/172254834/mongodb-is-fantastic-... - capped collections sound ideal for short lived logs. It would be interesting to write a command line script for piping Apache logs in to MongoDB, using Apache's "piped logs" feature: http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.0/logs.html#piped I've been using Apache for nearly a decade and it still takes me potentially hours of trial and error to figure out how to do something in an Apache config file. I'm pretty sure I'm not a stupid person, but there's something about Apache configuration that just doesn't fit in my brain. The Lua examples in that thread were instantly obvious to me, and I've never written a line of Lua in my life. Tornado ships with an async HTTP client as part of the core framework. Tornado has its own C wrapper around epoll ( http://github.com/facebook/tornado/blob/9e24ae162d024e4049b8... ), but falls back to select() if the wrapper can't be compiled. This should check the Content-Type header and only modify text/html - otherwise it might mangle outgoing JavaScript / XML / etc files. Interesting, this is the first Python async/comet library I've seen to take advantage of generator coroutines: def echo(remote_addr): their_message = yield until_eol() yield "you said: %s\r\n" % their_message.strip() I imagine, as people who travel a lot, they found the service extremely useful. It's also a really classy service, and the founders were well almost certainly known to the investors already. I get pretty annoyed when I see people dismissing client-side engineering as being somehow less challenging than server-side development - on the server, you only have to get it working on one platform (and for all but the most high traffic sites you can write code as badly as you like without much penalty). Client-side engineers have 5 different rendering engines to deal with, need to think about performance, accessibility, resizing, legibility... and that's before you even get to the huge domain that is modern JavaScript. This will almost certainly blow over with a week or two. Remember when Flickr added video and there were mass protests? This feels to me like OpenID finally coming of age - the OpenID+OAuth hybrid protocol means you can one-click sign in to a site and simultaneously grant it access to an OAuth protected resource such as your address book. From what I've heard it usability tests extremely well too. If you're worried about sites conspiring behind your back to join your identities together, I take it you use a different e-mail address on every site you sign in to as well? You don't need to invent a brand new password for each site you sign up for, but it's more secure than reusing the same password on every site. The new OpenID+OAuth hybrid protocol described in the linked article greatly improves convenience by allowing a site you are signing in to to request access to e.g. your contact list at the same time - so two clicks and you're logged in and have granted access to further information. http://trendly.com/ is a great example of this flow in action. OpenID 1.0 and OpenID 2.0 both support a thing called "simple registration" (this is before the OAuth work) which lets the site you are logging in to ask the OpenID provider for some basic profile information - email address, nickname, postal code etc - which can then be used to pre-fill the signup form on the site. That's the feature that's meant to make it easier to sign up for new sites, and it's been working for several years now. Your Flickr account security probably matters to you a lot more than you think. Plenty of people thought the security on their Facebook accounts "didn't really matter", then 4chan got hold of a bunch and used them to totally destroy people's reputations with their real-life friends: http://thecoffeedesk.com/news/index.php/2009/08/22/4chan-hac... Agreed - the Colossus is simply amazing. Last time I went the thing was actually running - chattering away, lights blinking, tape flying around, busy decrypting a German naval message from 1944. What I find interesting is how incredibly easy it is to do this. I use Microsoft products maybe once or twice a month, almost exclusively for testing (or opening up the occasional Excel file, but that's just because I haven't yet bothered to install OpenOffice on my Mac). I don't even go out of my way to avoid Microsoft software, their products simply don't provide anything that I need. Have you evaluated Solr? The problem is ActionScript is pretty far from the EMCAScript you get in browsers - ActionScript was based on a proposed standard for ECMAScript which was later abandoned, so it's pretty much a different language now. So would I - a "Spring for Django devs" article would be pretty useful too. You're lying to them about the value of their property? Presumably because it's controversial. That's horrible. Why is everyone so desperate to make everything depend on JavaScript? Especially Google, with GWT and Google Moderator (a great example of a site that could work just fine without any JavaScript at all). I'm all for progressive enhancement and making the user's experience better if they have JavaScript enabled, but hiding everything behind a single GWT script tag and then using grotesque hacks to make the content crawlable is just crazy. That issue (accessing databases without blocking) is why I've recently started getting interested in DBSlayer from the NYTimes: http://dbslayer.org/projects/dbslayer It's a proxy that lets you make SQL queries against your database over HTTP. Since all of the event based web frameworks (Twisted, gevent, Tornado etc) allow you to make non-blocking HTTP requests, using DBSlayer could instantly resolve the blocking database query problem. To my knowledge no one has written a Django ORM backend for DBSlayer yet, but it would be a fun hacking project. One of the stated goals of Django's template system is to be "safe" - to ensure that template developers can't cause too much damage. The Tornado model essentially allows arbitrary Python code to be evaluated, which isn't necessarily a bad thing but would break the contract Django has already established. I think the smarter {% if %} statement proposal is much closer to Django's philosophy. MySQL Connector/Python is a pure-Python implementation of the MySQL client protocol - I presume it uses sockets, in which case the gevent monkey-patching might get it to work transparently. https://launchpad.net/myconnpy I don't see how digg is similar to kuro5hin or delicious - kuro5hin was about essays, delicious was primarily about serving personal needs (saving bookmarks) first. They seem very different to me. Digg also inspired a bunch of similar sites using the same mechanism (like Reddit and Hacker News) which suggests that digg had something genuinely new to offer. This article is a year old, fails to mention jQuery at all and uses a survey from 2006(!) to compare the popularity of different libraries. Evidently banishing the "new" operator (with dependency injection) wasn't enough. I know virtually nothing about SANs, other than that they are frighteningly expensive. Can anyone clarify how they compare to systems such as GFS, HDFS, MogileFS and other systems that attempt to store data in a safe, redundant manner across lots of cheap servers? Quick question for any nginx experts: the following config setting: set $push_channel_id $arg_id; #/?id=239aff3 or somesuch Means that the ?id= querystring paramater is used as the push channel ID. Any idea if it would be possible to set it up so /channel/12345/ would result in 12345 being set as the push channel ID? I don't see them as contradictory at all - "no schedule" is about not putting anything on your calendar (say in three weeks time), which frees you up to plan your day 24 hours in advance on an index card. It's also suggested that you don't have to commit to getting all 5 things done, so you can still pursue new things if they come up. Go to a physio. My girlfriend had exactly the kind of problems you describe - it got to the point where she couldn't physically type (or do anything with her hands) and she had to take six weeks off work. We tried a few and eventually found a fantastic physiotherapist who fixed her over the course of about six months - she can type for 7 hours a day now. This kind of thing CAN be addressed, but you need professional help. I'm personally embarrassed by the presence of "fine women" if they've been paid just to show up - it makes tech guys look like the only time they get to talk to a woman is if she's being compensated for it. Apparently this kind of thing really is pretty much a requirement for a Taiwanese event - pretty dancing girls are in attendance for all kinds of events. But like I said in the post, I don't care. For me, addressing the gender imbalance in technology is more important than obeying cultural norms. Plus dancing girls is one thing, but dancing ON people is quite another. Firstly, I'm British. Secondly, I'm not arguing that this incident proves our industry is sexist. My argument is that the low number of women involved in our industry is a problem, and one thing we can do to address that problem is to have a zero tolerance attitude to this kind of thing. Thirdly, I couldn't care less about "professionalism". The first London Hack Day had people playing Faceball on stage! I care about behaviour that makes a portion of the potential audience feel uncomfortable or unwelcome. It's not defying cultural norms to NOT hire dancing girls for your event. That's like saying refusing to smoke is defying the cultural norms of smokers. I'd never heard that advice before - sounds like a great idea. Use http://github.com/documentcloud/cloud-crowd Not much, other than it was invented at Flickr. There was an on stage faceball match during a gap between presentations at the first Open Hack Day, as entertainment. Silly entertainment that didn't alienate anyone. Is it noticably faster than regular Python yet? I thoroughly enjoyed the justification given for inventing something new despite the existence of XML / JSON / Thrift etc. Many of the operations are documented as being atomic - you can get a surprisingly long way using atomically incrementing counters and atomic set operations. If you search through the Redis mailing list there are some interesting discussions around lock-free algorithms, CAS and potentially adding a LOCK command. There's also a recently commited SETNX command for atomically applying a number of changes to a set of keys at once. Just out of interest, do you know what the largest Redis instance in production is? It would be fascinating to hear a case study about a real-life 16GB+ store. Any key value store can be described as scalable because they are so easy to shard. I just ran through the tutorial and it was a real breath of fresh air - everything ran out of the box, there was no need for an IDE or a build process and changes were live the second I saved them from my editor (it apparently ships with the on-the-fly compiler from Eclipse). Really impressed. Yes, but run through the tutorial. It's very slick. The Web I fell in love with is the Web of URLs that respond to a GET request with a page full of HTML. Yes, but most people who make serious use of them hook up a custom session handler that writes session information out to the database (the default implementation that ships with PHP uses the file system). Sessions that are stored in memory by the application server instantly prevent you from load balancing requests across multiple servers and hence kill your scalability - unless you implement sticky sessions which adds yet more complexity. Personally I try to avoid using session storage whenever possible - I've recently started using signed cookies in their place. I'm quite surprised - I've never even considered building a stateful web app that doesn't talk to a database or caching layer at all for most requests. It's fascinating to me how different the approaches taken in the Java world are from the LAMP world I'm accustomed to. Where did you get that weird google.com/#hl... link from? It broke in my browser (the redirect from google.com didn't take it in to account when it bounced me to google.co.uk), but I've not seen URLs like that for google.com before. I dislike URL shorteners because they increase the chance of link rot. mug.gd doesn't prove they are evil though - it proves that links are evil. I looked in to neo4j the other day, but was put off by the combination of the AGPL license (which, as I understand it, makes it impossible to use for any commercial purpose since you are required to GPL any software that so much as talks to the database) and a lack of any indication of how much a commercial license would cost on the web site. I know this is how "enterprise" stuff works, but personally I have a strong aversion to evaluating software when I have no idea how much it would cost should I chose to use it - that's one of the reasons I like open source. Looks like a very handy bunch of code, but I can't say I like the "_" part of it. One of the neatest things about jQuery is the way all of the jQuery functionality lives in the "jQuery" namespace, with $ just set up as a convenient shortcut. If you don't want the $ in your global namespace (but still want it in your own code) you can do this: jQuery.noConflict(); jQuery(function($) { // Code that uses the $ shortcut } Feature request for underscore: something similar. If I'm already using the _ for something I'd like to still be able to use the underscore library, but bound to a different symbol. Underscore.noConflict(); Underscore(function(_) { // My code that uses _ } That's awesome! Thank you very much. Agree - the illustrations (all public domain, apparently) and typography really help with that as well. Made me laugh out loud in a few places as well. Python lets you instantiate Random objects with a pre-set seed, so you don't have to risk doing anything that might affect the global state. Try this at an interactive prompt: import random r = random.Random("myseed") r.random() r.random() r.random() r2 = random.Random("myseed") r2.random() r2.random() r2.random() Both sequences of random numbers will be the same. You can get the correct result by normalizing the string first: >>> import unicodedata >>> print unicodedata.normalize('NFC', u'Les Mise\u0301rables')[::-1] selbarésiM seL There's a bookmarklet for that (jQuerify) which I use all the time: http://www.learningjquery.com/2009/04/better-stronger-safer-... Can anyone explain the implications of the AGPL license used by MongoDB? I'm pretty confused by it. A good reminder to audit your crossdomain.xml files, and make sure everyone who might edit them understands the security implications of doing so. I've seen this exact issue affect a whole bunch of very large services - it's an incredibly common mistake. If the domain is the same one that the rest of your site runs on, it almost certainly does mean you have a security issue. The only practical way to protect against CSRF attacks is to use a secret token in a hidden form field to authenticate all form submissions. allow-access-from-domain="*" means that an attacker can steal your CSRF tokens using a hidden Flash applet running on their malicious page, then use that token to construct a CSRF attack form submission. That means they can perform any action on your site as if they were the targeted user. That's bad. If you want to provide access to an API, put the API on a separate subdomain. That's why api.flickr.com has an open crossdomain.xml file and flickr.com doesn't. Adobe actually have a pretty good explanation of the security issues caused by an open crossdomain.xml file: http://www.adobe.com/devnet/flashplayer/articles/cross_domai... This makes me enormously happy. People seem to be missing what's interesting about this post... it has a single, continuous comment thread that spans 7 years. I do a lot of public speaking[1], and occasionally earn a speakers fee for doing so. I'd be interested in doing more paid speaking gigs (in particular the in-house type) but it's not at all obvious how to get them. There are plenty of speaking agencies for celebrities / motivational speakers, but nothing for technical speakers. I've been thinking for a while that there's an interesting business opportunity here - a speaking agency that specialises in technical topics ("the guy who created Solr" / "one of the Linux kernel comitters" / etc) and goes out and sells them to companies that want to know more about specific technologies. [1] http://simonwillison.net/talks/ Wow, that's a lot of practices. I generally go by Damian Conway's rule of thumb: 10 hours preparation time for every hour of talking, or 20 hours prep if it's a difficult talk. I make sure the preparation includes at least one full run through (out loud in an empty room, usually my hotel room) with plenty of time to spare to fix things that inevitably come up. I'll do another run through once I've made the changes. I'm not so interested in an agency for conferences, since most of the conferences I speak at can't afford to pay their speakers (or if they can, don't pay them enough to make it worth having an agency involved). I'm interested in an agency that gets bookings for private talks at companies - really sort of one day consulting gigs. In my case, I'd give a talk at a conference like Webstock and note at the end (probably just in text on a slide, no need to say anything out loud) that I'm available for internal talks at private companies. If anyone in the audience asked me about this afterwards I'd put them in touch with the agency. The agency negotiates pricing / travel / etc, and also actively sells my talks in other media (taking out adverts in "CTO Monthly" promoting the 20 or so speakers and topics in their stable). I'm pretty confident that the niche of companies that want to engage technical experts for a combination of tech talk + a day consulting in the office is big enough to support something like this. I just have no interest in doing it personally - the reason I want it to exist is so I don't have to negotiate / market / coordinate the above points myself. Launch is the starting point, not the end. Until you've launched something you have no idea what people actually want. It's a very rare startup which launches with the right product. HTML is better than XHTML because the XHTML error handling model (refuse to render) is a poor fit for the web. PHP is a pretty easy target - I'd be much more interested to hear why you chose ASP.NET over modern open source frameworks such as Ruby on Rails or Django. I use this with Firebug all the time - it's a fantastic tool for exploring the jQuery API against the DOM of any web page. A lot of the time I'll use this technique to prototype a new feature "live" for one of my own sites. It's completely changed my approach to open source software. Before GitHub, open sourcing something was a bit of a drag - you were committing yourself to setting up a mailing list, accepting patches etc - the administrative overhead was enough to put me off releasing a lot of my code. GitHub is ideal for the "fire and forget" method of open source. I can knock out a bit of code that might be useful to someone, throw it up there and forget about it. If someone likes it and wants to improve it they can go ahead and fork it without me ever having to think about it again. If I /do/ want to maintain it, it's really easy to keep track of the modifications people make and merge them back in to my version. The amount of high quality code coming out of GitHub projects these days is astounding, and I'm willing to bet a LOT of it wouldn't ever have been released using the older systems like Sourceforge and Google code. My hunch is that GitHub is resulting in more quality OS projects, developed faster. "Community is more important than code" - completely agree. That was my problem - I had code to share, but didn't want to work hard on the community around it. I kind of see GitHub as providing that community for me - it can form itself without any extra effort on my behalf. Obviously the best projects are the ones with proper maintainers actively working on the community side of things - but GitHub enables the community to take up a project even if the original creator just threw it over the wall. (There's a lot more to GitHub than just enabling me to create irresponsible throw-away projects, but personally I've found that aspect of it to be very liberating) Yes, it's being executed on the server. It's very fast - 3,500 requests a second for returning a "hello world" string with 100 simultaneous connections, and because its all event based it should be able of handling thousands of concurrent connections without much trouble (I haven't tried yet because my laptop runs out of file descriptors). As I said in the article, it's event based which means it can handle massive concurrency and serve pages that don't necessarily reply straight away - perfect for implementing things like comet. It gives you similar capabilities to Ruby's EventMachine. I don't think PHP has an equivalent at the moment. Was your client sending the requests concurrently? If I do that and run "ab -n 100 -c 100" (for 100 requests run with concurrency 100) the benchmark takes almost exactly 2 seconds to execute all 100 requests. Firefox has a maximum of 2 connections per host - though it's being upped to 6 in Firefox 3.5. I'm pretty sure Twisted's deferreds serve the same purpose. Node is single threaded, so you shouldn't need to implement any locks yourself. "Could you explain the excitement and appeal to me?" There's not much I can say that I didn't already say in my blog entry. JavaScript is designed for event-driven programming in the browser, and my brief experience with node.js makes me believe that it also works well for event-driven programming on the server. And V8 is really fast. As for Erlang... when you're programming for the web, it's useful to have a programming language that treats strings as more than just an array of integers. There's no reason to store all of your application's data in Redis. If you're dealing with large files (photos / video for example) you can use S3 for the actual bytes, and just store the metadata in Redis. 4KB of metadata per item means 10,000,000 items would fit in 4.8GB of RAM. Not sure what you mean by that... V8 for example is a virtual machine that runs JavaScript. As a client- and server-side developer I'm extremely excited about HTML5. For the first time in a decade, browsers are getting new capabilities! HTML 5 is much more than just new tags - we're talking offline support, concurrency with web workers, canvas, geolocation, native audio and video, WebSockets, a supported method of making cross-domain API calls... HTML 5 is clearly aiming to bring the open web platform up to par with desktop APIs. I expect many desktop applications to be developed using HTML5+CSS+JavaScript within just a few years. And even if that doesn't spike your interest, there's the critically important role the HTML 5 spec pays in standardising what we already have. It's ridiculous that XMLHttpRequest, one of the most useful modern browser APIs, has no spec - every browser implements it by reverse engineering the others, who in turn reverse engineered IE (which is closed source, so who knows if they got it right?). HTML5 fixes that. It also specifies things like innerHTML, ContentEditable, the execution order for script files, all that DOM level 0 stuff that never made it in to an official spec. Finally, HTML5 specifies a formal error model for HTML for the first time. This means it will actually be possible to implement a new browser from scratch without having to spend years reverse engineering the behaviour of IE and friends when faced with invalid markup. I'm amazed to see so many web developers unexcited by HTML 5. This is the first time our core platform has seen any serious evolution since HTML4.01 was published in 1999! As for browser support, it's happening right now. If you develop for the iPhone / mobile WebKit stuff most of the above features are sitting there waiting for you to use them. Try this page in your iPhone for example: http://simonwillison.net/static/2009/navigator.geolocation.h... Even IE is catching up - IE8 supported a bunch of HTML5 concepts (key/value based storage, cross document messaging, hashchange event and more) and IE9 is set to support even more. HTML 5 is the most exciting thing to happen to web development in a very long time. Did you ever actually try running a site using proper XHTML? I ran my blog like that (serving the correct content type to non-IE browsers) for a few years and found it to be a ton of hassle for absolutely no benefit. No. This article confused me. CouchDB and Redis in the same category? Exactly what I was going to say. Very upset to hear EtherPad is shutting down. I've used it a bunch (projected on a wall it makes a great collaborative note pad for BarCamp sessions) - will have to find a good replacement. Please use permalinks, or older Hacker News threads won't make sense. Couldn't agree more. MySpace has always stood out for me as the popular site with the most obviously terrible implementation. Their key "personalisation" feature was originally an accidental security hole! Meanwhile, Facebook were hiring smart engineers and building generally innovative features. I remember the first time I typed a URL in to a Facebook message - a little panel popped up showing me thumbnails that had been scraped from that page, asking me to select one to illustrate the link. It's also interesting to contrast the process side of things. The FT article talks about MySpace having to take lists of feature proposals to News Corp for approval. Meanwhile, Facebook are leading the industry in their adoption of A/B testing and letting their own users' behaviour direct their engineering efforts. A bigger SEO mistake: linking to your homepage instead of the permalink for the article in question. It's not just Silverlight - I installed that, then tried to access the demo URLs and was told I needed to install Pivot as well. Which isn't available for the Mac. http://content.getpivot.com/Collections/dogbreeds/dogbreeds.... tl;dr: built tacky MySpace themes sites, promoted them by paying "MySpace whores" with 10,000s of friends to post bulletins, got in early with Yahoo!'s beta ad program when they were massively overpaying, made at peak $200,000 a month, blew a TON of money on cars, a house etc, redesigned the site (and permanently deleted the old one) without realising that changing his URLs would kill his Google rank, blew $30,000 on SEO experts, none of whom apparently told him he should set up redirects, ended up selling the MySpace site for $75,000, still has the house. libxml2 has an excellent tag soup parser (the Python lxml module makes heavy use of it) - but I don't think libxml.js exposes it yet. "Case 2) My lazy self: When at another non-HN-user person's computer..." Awesome quote: "Fixing the security gap would have caused delays, according to current and former military officials. It would have added to the Predator’s price. Some officials worried that adding encryption would make it harder to quickly share time-sensitive data within the U.S. military, and with allies." It must be talking about this bit: "Tom says that one out of every three sites he's gained access to store user data in plain text databases. " Of course that doesn't mean a third of all sites - just a third of sites with lousy enough security that this chap could break in to them (presumably more SQL injections). $ sh bin/rebuildjar.sh using JAR jar... usage: cp [-R [-H | -L | -P]] [-fi | -n] [-apvX] source_file target_file cp [-R [-H | -L | -P]] [-fi | -n] [-apvX] source_file ... target_directory including etherpad JARs... using cached JAR-etherpad... updating... java.io.FileNotFoundException: ../../build/appjet.jar (No such file or directory) at java.io.FileInputStream.open(Native Method) at java.io.FileInputStream. (FileInputStream.java:106) at sun.tools.jar.Main.run(Main.java:175) at sun.tools.jar.Main.main(Main.java:1044) done. cp: build/appjet.jar: No such file or directory Anyone got any ideas what I'm doing wrong? Only three of the ten relate directly to Ruby (Unicorn, Gemcutter and yajl-ruby) - Homebrew also happens to use Ruby but is useful outside the Ruby community. As a non-rubyist, I think it's a pretty good list. Redis. It's a very different kind of database - being able to perform 80,000 set or list operations a second enables a whole bunch of solutions to otherwise difficult problems (real time stats stuff, writing in to activity streams etc). SRANDMEMBER on its own is invaluable since picking a random item from a regular relational database using ORDER BY RAND() tends to kill it stone dead under load. Yup - I'm pretty sure I'vea heard Tokyo described as a "modern" BerkeleyDB implementation. The Guardian's pretty well positioned for this kind of thing. We're owned by the Scott Trust which keeps us free from undue influence by shareholders and actively encourages long-term thinking about the future of journalism. We also have a very strong technology department - the site runs on an in-house custom CMS (Spring/Hibernate/Velocity) and we have plenty of flexibility to try out new things. It's a really fun place to work. Blast, as if that bit wasn't confusing enough. Thanks for the tip, fixed. Are you talking about the new system or the old one? The new one is http://mps-expenses2.guardian.co.uk/ - it doesn't seem to fit Ajax quite as well (we should definitely have used Ajax for the first one). The scans were sized to fit the design - with hindsight, having a "zoom" option would have made sense for some pages. They were large enough for the documents we had in advance, but you can never be entirely sure what the actual released documents will look like. There's not a lot to say really - it Just Worked. We used it for the last project as well. This time we had two instances, one running MySQL and Redis and the other running Django. Last time we started with one instance and then moved to two when it turned out I'd written a bunch of inefficient code (the ORDER BY RAND for example). This time we started with two, but I'd avoided the dumb mistakes I made first time round so scaling turned out not to be a problem. Now that most of the activity is over we'll scale down to just one instance. If you're interested, you can view the full 2.8 MB changeset here: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/2434252/2009/multidb.txt The ticket that tracked the feature (opened way back in 2006) is here: http://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/1142 There were. The work was carried out in a svn branch (with actual development in Git, but the branch was updated so svn users could still see what was going on). The svn branch was frequently updated to trunk using git-svn. Once the feature was ready, an svn merge was performed resulting in the monster changeset. Django uses svn for the core repository, but the majority of the actual work takes place in git or mercurial. Django has committers using both. I submitted a direct link to the documentation over here, which is more interesting than my blog post: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1010373 I stand corrected. The original plan was to add higher level support for certain types of sharding (e.g. tying a specific model to an individual database) and earlier versions of the code actually provided a method for doing so. This was removed because it wasn't judged to be a good enough solution - Django is very keen on the concept of reusable applications, and hard coding a decision of which database should be used for an application's models in to that application would conflict with that concept. Obviously the solution is to specify a mapping somewhere, but there's no need to hold up the feature while waiting for a design for that particular bikeshed. Instead, the plan is to release an initial version with low level primitives: the ability to configure multiple databases and specify which database should be used for a given query. This gives us a chance to see what kind of patterns are most widely used and figure out the correct way to support those at a higher level of the API. In my opinion, the SQLAlchemy example demonstrates why handling sharding automatically is a distinctly non-trivial problem: http://www.sqlalchemy.org/trac/browser/sqlalchemy/trunk/exam... - it's not clear to me that that's a better solution than just manually picking the database to execute a query on at the point of execution. I like it - reminds me a lot of RelaxNG compact syntax. Apple telling people not to build a project around unreleased code doesn't mean that they are "scared to death" of better quality iPhone native apps. It means they don't mean for that particular piece of code to be treated as open source. Have you considered applying JSONSchema or Orderly to your current project? Do you feel the same way about "Mac OS X by Apple", considering how much of that operating system (FreeBSD, Darwin, GNU, KHTML, llvm etc) started life in the open source community? I'm as big an open source booster as anyone, but I can't say it upsets me in the slightest to see Google taking credit for Chrome in adverts. If anything, it makes me feel like the open source model has won - it's so widespread now it isn't even noteworthy. Anyone seen any concrete information about this competition yet? There's nothing about it on www.conservatives.com as far as I can tell. 10 or 20 years ago there wasn't nearly as much readily available data to be mined. Today even moderately high traffic sites generate GBs of log files a day, not to mention the enormous quantity of high value data available through various APIs. HTML 5. In two or three years time I'm willing to bet a large portion (if not a majority) of desktop applications on all platforms will be written using HTML 5 technologies - in particular offline storage and web workers. If you're an expert with CSS, JavaScript and the various HTML 5 APIs you'll be in a very good position. ... and if I'm wrong, those skills will still be useful. The problem with the pure service model is that only RedHat and a few other companies have been successful at it. The argument “I created it, so I can service it best” doesn’t hold anymore- too many people have technical expertise in open source software. So unless your service is the cheapest and the best, it’ll be killed off by other service providers. I've seen this claim quite a few times ("the service model only works for Red Hat") - is it actually true though? Sure, there aren't that many billion dollar companies built around services, but I've seen dozens of smaller lifestyle businesses built around consulting against open source projects. Off the top of my head... Hwaci for SQLite: http://www.sqlite.org/support.html Dozens of companies for PostgreSQL: http://www.postgresql.org/support/professional_support Revolution Systems for Django: http://www.revsys.com/services/django/ Spring Source for Spring: http://www.springsource.com/ Lucid Imagination for Solr/Lucene: http://www.lucidimagination.com/ Lemur Consulting for Xapian: http://www.lemurconsulting.com/ Then there's the fact that a bunch of the current NoSQL efforts (MongoDB for example) are getting funding, which suggests investors still believe you can build a business around open source support. It worked for me. Thanks - this kind of feedback is exactly why we're putting this out for review. Can you provide pointers or a bit more information as to how the timeable issue works, and what the workaround is? Is there a more technically correct term we should be using instead of 'salt'? And is that feature a total waste of time? Remember, we're building a framework for other developers to use - so saying "you shouldn't be using HMAC signatures in so many places that keying them individually is a problem" assumes that developers using Django (who may have no crypto / security knowledge at all) will understand that. Is this something we should cover in the documentation? We try to keep Django's dependencies down to the Python standard library + a database adapter, so I'm pretty limited on which underlying crypto libraries I can use. How big a deal is that timing attack? Would it be appropriate to ignore it by default, but provide people who are concerned about it the option to swap out the sha1 signing for something using an external library that isn't affected by it. Or even just drop an optional "time.sleep(random.random() * 0.01)" line in to the code that generates the signatures? Forget the dumb time.sleep() idea, I just looked at the keyczar implementation of constant time string comparison. I'll roll that in to the library, thanks. I just had a more detailed look at Keyczar and it's pretty awesome. Unfortunately it depends on pycrypto which is a tough dependency for Django as a whole. We already have a mechanism for allowing you to "swap out" the hashing backend used for Django's get_signed_cookie and set_signed_cookie functions. It wouldn't be at all hard to write an optional keyczar backend for that. I think I'll do that. I'll need to extend the configurable backend aspect to cover other things within Django that use signing as well. Personal opinion: It's probably one of the reasons we're the most popular Python web framework, especially amongst people with no prior Python experience. We may change that policy in the future (we've discussed it) but we're not going to change it just so the signing feature can get in to Django 1.2 - and I'd really like to get signing in to 1.2. Yeah, I figured that after I read up on the timing attack and saw that it's based on statistics over many runs. Crypto is hard! There's some really good discussion of this going on on programming.reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/ald1m/calling_c... I'm sorry I rubbed you the wrong way - that certainly wasn't my intention. We're serious about peer review. We want to get this right. I was actually reminded of a couple of aspects of the Duke Nukem Forever story - http://www.wired.com/magazine/2009/12/fail_duke_nukem/ Duke Nukem Forever was self funded, so there was no commercial pressure to finish it. Since Allan is essentially a one-man shop I imagine the revenue from TextMate 1.0 has him set for life. TextMate 1.0 was also a runaway hit, so the pressure for TextMate 2.0 to be an equally impressive release must be pretty intense. I'd rather have Textmate provide a browser plugin, so I can use it in any textarea. It takes me hours to write a blog post, and I then lose the best part of a day to following up comments, reading associated discussions on Hacker News, etc. I can see Allan's point. It's a cambrian explosion. A lot of the concepts involved (eventual consistency, CAP theorem, map reduce) are relatively recent innovations, so there's plenty of scope for exploring them with software. I imagine things will settle down eventually. Yes it is, it's just not yet evenly distributed. I never really understood why that would be the case. What can people do with that information that they couldn't do otherwise? Or Tokyo Cabinet / Tyrant, which is still a high performance key/value store but doesn't need to fit everything in RAM. Depends on how much they're storing. Sounds like more of a movie plot threat than anything worth worrying about. If you really want to do that attaching your own GPS device to the bottom of a bus (or just having an observer with a mobile phone) is easy enough as it is. Completely agree that practise is key. Three tips for getting practise: 1. Give lightning talks. These are sessions at conferences where people are encouraged to give 5 minute talks. The audience love them because it forces speakers to get straight to the point, and if a talk sucks you only have to wait a few minutes before the next one. They are a fantastic way for new speakers to get some experience in front of a crowd. 2. Go to BarCamps. London has an excellent BarCamp scene (events have been hosted at Yahoo!, BT, Google, GCap, EBay, the Guardian and IBM) Nd events generally pull 150 people, each of whom is encouraged to speak. This guarantees a friendly, supportive audience since everyone else is presenting as well. You can also talk about any topic you like. I've presented at all 7 London BarCamps and it's definitely helped me with my public speaking skills. 3. Any talk you give, make sure you have practises it out loud at least once with enough time to fix the bits that don't work. Under your breath doesn't cut it in my experience. My rule of thumb these days is a minimum of 10 hours preparation for every 1 hour on stage, and the run throughs are a big part of that. Can we stop using the term "bashing"? "What makes them think Apple will allow something like this through the App Store approval process?" They made sure there were a couple of approved apps in the App Store before they announced the technology. Flash gets compiled to native code so they aren't shipping an interpreter. SVG isn't bad at vector animation. Take a look at the http://raphaeljs.com/ demos. I'm trying to think of one. A better alternative might be "criticism", but "Can we stop the language criticism please?" seems like an obviously wrong question - without criticism, how do we know what's bad? "Bashing" kind of suggests "criticism for the sake of being unpleasant". How about "non-constructive criticism"? I can't quite explain what it is about the term "bashing" that I find annoying, but I think it's the assumption it seems to make that the criticism in question isn't well reasoned. Allowing any CSS at all is very risky indeed. There was a brilliant phishing attack on MySpace a few years ago where the attacker constructed their own "log in" link and used CSS absolute positioning to overlay it across the real "log in" link in the global navigation. They stole 30,000+ accounts. Even if you filter out "position: absolute", there's a chance people might figure out a way to do something similar using enormous padding values or negative margins. Your general approach (tokenise the HTML and use a whitelist) is an OK start, but you should be white-listing attributes as well. You should also have an ENORMOUS set of unit tests. You allow object and embed which is very worrying - the allowScriptAccess attribute can allow Flash to make JavaScript calls to the parent page, for example. Also remember this: you're not dealing with valid HTML, you're dealing with malicious HTML that might be designed to evade your filters but still be handled by browser's built-in error correction code. Since the most widely used HTML engine is closed source, there's no telling what kind of weird constructs might be error-corrected and rendered by IE. HTML cleansing is a mine-field. This works: alert('xss') I think older versions of IE might execute this - the LiveJournal XSS filter has defence against this one. At the very least though it should be escaped rather than being allowed through on to the page. On further inspection, I don't trust your implementation at all. You're blacklisting CSS rules and attributes rather than whitelisting them. This means you wouldn't catch attacks like this one, for example: http://www.davidpashley.com/blog/computing/livejournal-mozil... I also don't think you're the right thing when you DO find something that's not on the whitelist - you should be escaping it rather than stripping it (we couldn't have a discussion about your code using your system, since our XSS examples would be stripped). I'd suggest re-engineering to use a whitelist for everything. The good code / bad code thing is a bit out of context in my slides - what I meant is that if you're using an event loop any blocking function call will stall your event loop and cause all of your other clients to pause. I agree that this style of programming is a lot less clear, although I find that JavaScript's anonymous function syntax makes it less painless than most. Here's the site we made: http://www.wildlifenearyou.com/ Hiring a fort for a week long hacking session is exactly as much fun as it sounds. We got Fort Clonque in Alderney for around £1600 for the whole week - which works out at around £130 per person (the cost of two nights in a hotel). I can't recommend it enough. Client-side hazing (with JS) is a cute hack that's completely useless for improving security. If there's a man in the middle, they can strip the protection code before you fill in the form. PHP is a "framework" in the sense that it provides the core mechanisms for doing webby things - accessing query string and POST variables, sending HTTP headers, reading cookies, mapping URLs to executable code. I actually think comparing stand-alone PHP to frameworks like Rails or Django is reasonable, since they all solve the same problem. Of course, such a comparison should also take the existence of higher level PHP libraries and frameworks in to account - it would be silly to criticise PHP for not shipping with an ORM, for example. Yes. They still use Rails (and Ruby) for the majority of their service. They use Scala for the highly concurrent / heavy lifting stuff. That was fascinating, thank you. Dumb question: can you still follow (and post to) Zoho Discussions using e-mail, like you can with Google Groups? Redis - I wrote about why in October ( http://simonwillison.net/2009/Oct/22/redis/ ) and it's gained some awesome new features since then, including ordered sets and blocking fetch against queues. It's a very different beast from the other stuff that gets branded as NoSQL. Many technical conferences cover flights and hotel but don't pay a speakers fee. My experience is that speakers are usually paid for 3 hour tutorial sessions but not for 45 minute conference sessions or panels. Keynotes are much more likely to pay than regular sessions. Some of the more high-end conferences do pay their speakers, especially if they rely on "big names" rather than just topics to pull in their audience. There's one key difference between Node.js and Twisted / EventMachine / other non-blocking IO frameworks for existing languages: Node.js doesn't have any blocking function calls. You have to try really, really hard to block your event loop in Node.js. Every single library released for Node.js works asynchronously, and is hence safe to use. Not having to even worry about whether or not a library I want to use is blocking is a really useful feature. 1.2. You need a browse interface - I hate it when sites force me to search for something (in this case, I have to type in my location) before I can get a feel for the kind of content on the site. As it was, I tried a couple of searches and couldn't find any content. Even a simple 'five most recently added items' on the homepage would help here, but ideally you'd show a few examples of locations that you know have content. Not supporting WebKit (even for an alpha release) is pretty poor form. I thought of that too - it's still one of my favourite 37 Signals projects, hadn't realised it was nearly a decade ago. http://daringfireball.net/2009/08/ninjawords Hmm... I can't seem to find the original, but I quoted this phrase in a presentation I gave three years ago: http://www.slideshare.net/simon/javascript-libraries-the-big... (slide 5) I think it's something I heard him say out loud in one of his earlier lectures at Yahoo. More recently, he's stated that "he used to think the browser was the most hostile programming environment ever devised, but then he found out about mobile programming" - http://www.javaworld.com/javaworld/jw-09-2007/jw-09-rwekeyno... It's a lot of fun reading posts like this and mentally replacing any statement along the lines of "existing tablets do this already" with "existing MP3 players do this already". Good article, and some excellent comments at the end including a discussion of AMQP v.s. 0MQ v.s. RestMS from someone who has been involved in the design of all three. I've been thinking much the same thing - I'd love it if the non-technical people in my life were using an iPad. They'd get in to much less trouble (of course, the same is true for Chrome OS). The question posed at the end is an interesting one: at the moment, the iPad appears to require a regular computer (just like an iPod touch does). Presumably a future version - or even a software update for the existing model - will get rid of this dependency. NOSQL = Not Only SQL - I don't think you should ever expect it to completely replace SQL since they're good at different things. I've played with a bunch of NOSQL engines (including CouchDB, MongoDB, App Engine, Solr, Xapian and Tokyo) and while I really like them and would use them for a bunch of problems, for most of my projects the ability to create arbitrarily complex queries using joins is essential for rapidly iterating and trying out new ideas. Instead, I'd suggest using NOSQL stuff to complement SQL. Songkick use MongoDB as a fast caching layer for example: http://effectif.com/ruby/manor/denormalising-your-rails-appl... - and I've found Redis incredibly useful as a way of handling write-heavy parts of my applications and dealing with requirements to return random elements. One of the most interesting aspects of document stores such as CouchDB is that they are schemaless, which for some problem sets is incredibly powerful - anything where you might be tempted to use key/value pairs in SQL for example. "I'm getting tired of writing and maintaining all those SQL queries." - learn a good ORM. The Django ORM is a heck of a lot better at writing SQL than I am, especially the kind of queries that make up 95% of a web application. I'm curious: how do you structure an activity feed in MongoDB? Are you doing anything special to support the case of "show me activity from all of the people I am following", or do you just use it as a fast append-only log? If Adobe ever did stop developing / supporting the Flash plugin, it would be a complete disaster from the point of view of people like myself who think once something has a URL it should ideally stay accessible until the heat death of the universe. They released blocks. If Django's XHTML-style form tags bother you (they bother me) you can always use my django-html template library, which fixes the problem in a kind-of-but-not-too-hacky way. http://github.com/simonw/django-html As far as I can tell Facebook use memcached so extensively that practically everything is served out of it, so their bottleneck could well be the PHP application code as opposed to the data fetching. In any case, when you're serving potentially millions of page views a second even a small optimisation can save you from buying a ton of extra hardware. Forgetting to use a DOCTYPE is a bad idea, since it throws most browsers in to "quirks" mode meaning they won't render things according to the published standards. That makes debugging problems a whole lot harder since you first have to work out if the bug relates to quirks mode v.s. standards mode, and quirks mode problems are far less widely documented. I'm a perfectionist. "All right... all right... but apart from better sanitation and medicine and education and irrigation and public health and roads and a freshwater system and baths and public order... what have the Romans done for us?" The 2005 stats are from visits to ycombinator.com (I think that was before news.ycombinator.com launched). The 2010 stats are a breakdown of the 38 people interviewed for http://usesthis.com/ MD5ing in JavaScript doesn't help, because the thing you're defending against is a man-in-the-middle attack. If someone can get in the middle and steal an unencrypted password, they can also get in the middle and re-write your HTML form to remove the client-side encryption code. To protect against man-in-the-middle you need SSL. This is a tragedy of the commons thing. As a web developer, you have a moral responsibility to help your users stay secure online. Teaching them that it's OK to enter their Twitter username and password on any site that asks for it (when Twitter are trying to teach them what OAuth is and why it matters to them) is irresponsible. Sure, it's cheaper to implement. But you should be better than that. The best piece of freelancing advice I ever got was, essentially, "raise your prices on every gig you do and keep going until no one will hire you". nginx has a feature that's perfect for this kind of thing: x-accel-redirect (also available in other web servers): http://kovyrin.net/2006/11/01/nginx-x-accel-redirect-php-rai... The nginx team added another feature that's even more efficient for this recently (doesn't require a dynamic piece of code execution for each hit) - a module that creates "secure links" for protecting static resources: http://wiki.nginx.org/NginxHttpSecureLinkModule (I think this feature would be a lot more useful if you could create links that expire after a certain amount of time). Amazon S3 has a similar feature, which they call "query string authentication": http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/index.... - again, you can generate a link to a static resource which is signed with your secret key and will only work for a specific amount of time. Last I saw, that's how Basecamp deals with download links for private files. Wow, good spot. Has anyone seen an HTML5 canvas demo that uses these techniques? As a general tip, any time you feel the need to show a message telling the user how to interact with your application ("double click on X to ...") you should reconsider. Besides which, double clicking isn't a good UI mechanism for web apps (or any other apps, really). Take a look at http://code.google.com/p/svgweb/ - it renders SVG inside a Flash widget, providing compatibility with IE without the need for a separate plugin. I don't think it's possible for a framework like Django to support sharding out of the box - there are just too many different ways you might want to implement it. Digg shard by date for example, whereas a site like Flickr shards by user. It completely depends on your application. The database router stuff feels to me like the furthest a framework can go - though maybe a bunch of common routing patterns will emerge in the future. It's interesting that home schooling is the example most often used to explain the "Overton Window" political theory: http://web.archive.org/web/20061020144127/http://www.swordsc... http://www.mackinac.org/article.aspx?ID=7504 What really depresses me about this kind of thing is how at-risk these people are of online fraud. The internet means everyone is just one hop away from a criminal, and mass phishing attacks are lucrative enough that there will always be attempts at them. Unfortunately, if you want to stay safe online you need to understand an incredibly dense stack of technologies - you need to know what a browser is, how URLs and domains are formatted (so you know the difference between facebook.com and facebookcom.com), what an actual website is, how easy it is for someone to create a fake looking login page, how to judge if something is safe to enter your credit card in to... I make my living on the web and I want to continue to do so. I need people to use it for e-commerce and to trust their private information to it. But I'm horribly aware that for anyone who isn't knowledgeable about how it all works, I'm basically encouraging them to join an unsafe environment which is almost certain to rip them off. Stuff like the iPad is a step forward, but it doesn't help address the core problem - it will be exactly as easy to fall for basic internet cons on the iPad as a regular desktop machine. I'm pretty much stumped. Users don't read. They're not in "comprehending" mode - they're in "find the damned blue button and log in so I can get on with what I really wanted to do" mode. The absolute worst example of this kind of thing I've seen was a bunch of years ago when a blogger posted a short note that mentioned the words "suicide chat room" in it. The comments turned in to a chat room for people considering suicide. Over a thousand of them. You appear to be using the cross-domain XHR stuff that's only really supported by very recent browsers. Since you're hosting your own proxy for the script anyway you'd be better off having the proxy convert the XML in to JSON and serving it up using JSON-P so it works reliably cross-domain. Your plugin hard-codes the HTML that's used to display the buzzes. While that's convenient, it's also inflexible. I would suggest splitting the logic up in to two parts - one that gets the recent buzzes and turns them in to JavaScript data structures, and one that takes those data structures and formats them as HTML. That way people who want to do their own processing / formatting of the Buzz data can still use the first half of your plugin. Yes. I've been running it since 2002, and every job I've had since then has come about as a result of connections made through blog related activity. It's an incredibly powerful professional tool. It's kind of like Solr, but comes distributed and sharded out of the box with no configuration, uses JSON as the only document type and is completely schemaless. This leads to some really neat tricks - see here for a good example: http://www.elasticsearch.com/blog/2010/02/12/yourdatayoursea... I don't know anything about streaming video - anyone got any idea what kind of software stack he'd be running for this, and what kind of custom development he would have had to do? Mark Pilgrim, who is not quoted in the post, has worked in the industry for a decade, has written several books about web technologies and remains highly critical of the way HTML standards development has gone. He says Adobe is to blame. http://twitter.com/diveintomark I don't think this one can be untangled by deferring to experts - at least not yet. There's still not enough information. You can use the tool online at http://redbot.org/ These are really useful. I've been telling anyone who will listen that Redis is a very different beast from the other NOSQL / Document stores out there - it scales down to small applications beautifully and makes a whole class of large-scale write problems (like real-time statistics) approachable for smaller projects. SVG and canvas support would be awesome - and it sounds like SVG at least is likely. I liked the definition of "transient data" - I've been promoting Redis for that kind of thing but I didn't have the vocabulary to explain what I meant (I've been staying "stuff like stats and counters"). Defining transient data as being frequently written, infrequently read is useful too. Yes. You're assembling sequences of characters which tell a computer to do something. Those characters are then processed by a lexer and a parser, turned in to an abstract syntax tree of some sort and used to generate a result. Just because the languages you are using are declarative rather than procedural doesn't make them not "code". And if you're writing code, I'd say you're coding. It sounds like your usage of jQuery is advanced enough that you'd benefit from getting involved in the jQuery alpha and beta releases - just dropping them in to your projects temporarily and filing any bugs that come up. It's more than a few sentences, but here's something I wrote a few years ago about why jQuery should be of interest to JavaScript programmers: http://simonwillison.net/2007/Aug/15/jquery/ Interesting fact: apparently the video was shot by Stewart Brand, who crops up at a surprisingly large number of other key points in the history of computer science (he created the Well, a highly influential early online community, and has some involvement with the founding of the Homebrew Computer Club which gave birth to Apple, among other things). These days he's running the Long Now Foundation. My girlfriend and I are convinced he's a time traveller from the future. "I'm not clicking links to anymore of this guy's posts. He's the very definition of a mouthpiece." In my opinion, you'd be making a mistake. John Gruber offers the highest quality commentary on Apple related topics of anyone (maybe matched by John Siracusa). He doesn't always take a pro-Apple line - he's been a very strong critic of the App Store acceptance process, for example. Why is this a link to a fork rather than the original? By this logic ("an unscrupulous sysadmin could pull my password out of the logs"), surely the author should be changing all of their passwords after every attempt they make to log in to anything using the password field? I don't get it. To be fair, the author is the James Clark who wrote expat and designed Relax-NG (a decidedly non-sucky XML schema tool). Just out of interest - why? Do you not trust developers to keep an eye out for bad generated queries, or do you have a problem with ORM generated SQL in general? You use prolog for note taking? That's fascinating - any chance you could paste in just a few lines so we can see what it looks like (and maybe an example of a query you might run)? The "is gay" thing is lame. I wouldn't call server-side JavaScript "new" as such - Netscape were experimenting with it in 1996: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server-side_JavaScript I've seen this used in the wild quite a few times. I'm pretty sure dome of the "universal share this button" widgets use history sniffing to put sites they know you use at the front if the list. That's a pretty awesome trick. I've been playing around with Node.js for proxying a bit as well (see http://github.com/simonw/dogproxy ) and I've run in to the same problem as this snippet - writing a full featured HTTP proxy is a bunch of work that I don't really want to do just for my little experiments. If anyone's looking for a neat project, writing a spec-compliant HTTP proxy library for Node.js that makes it easy to plug in additional functionality (like load balancing, rate limiting, caching etc) would be incredibly useful. How about this: allow me to play with the tool without logging in or creating an account. If I do create something, set a cookie and show me a big nagging message at the top of every page on the site from then on saying "you have unsaved work - you can view it here, but you should create an account to save it permanently". I heard somewhere this is used by chat roulette - would love to know more about how you'd set up a streaming video / webcam service using Cherokee. I don't at all, but I reall wish I did. The more experienced I get as a web developer the more the low level stuff matters to me. I have no experience with either, but here's a recent blog entry about moving from HBase to Cassandra: http://ria101.wordpress.com/2010/02/24/hbase-vs-cassandra-wh... The problem is that Google Accounts get really, really complicated the moment you start using Google Apps for your domain (which plenty of us do). Here's a good explanation of some of the issues involved: http://www.equalsdrummond.name/?p=267 I'd love to be able to "just sign in with my Google Account", but Google need to do a lot of work to clean up the mess before it's that simple. I actually think this says something interesting about .NET v.s. open source platforms. The new batch of NoSQL products are being developed almost exclusively in the open source world - they're written to run on *nix (Windows support, if it exists at all, is generally an after thought) and the client libraries that ship with them target the open source languages first. In this particular case, it feels like closed-source platforms are second class citizens. I'll hazard a guess that one reason for this is that NoSQL systems are mainly designed for scalability, and free operating systems are significantly cheaper to scale than platforms with a license fee per node. Absolutely - to my shame, I only appreciated the irony of re-hashing an older holy war on this thread after I'd posted the comment! Why invent a new protocol for this, rather than just using HTTP? "the compromise was entirely down to user stupidity - clicking on phishing links and the use of an insecure, outdated web browser" It was a spear-phishing attack (great name) - you get an e-mail from someone you know suggesting you check out a link. The browser security flaw was a 0-day, so even if you were fully patched you would still be affected. Sure, using IE isn't brilliant, but there are certainly 0-day holes in other browsers. I don't think it's reasonable to blame this attack on user stupidity. I don't think it's silly at all. If you give something a name, people can start talking and reasoning about it. The same thing happened with AJAX - the name was dumb (it doesn't have to be Asynchronous, it doesn't have to use XML and it doesn't even need to use JavaScript) but the term kicked off something of a revolution in web development just by giving people the vocabulary to discuss it. It feels to me like the term NoSQL is having the same kind of effect - for the first time in years, developers are talking and thinking critically about their choice of data persistence layer. They did - that's actually what this PDF is showing, but the submission links directly to the PDF rather than the article. Here's the original post: http://rickosborne.org/blog/index.php/2010/02/19/yes-virgini... I've submitted it here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1166876 On further inspection I was wrong - the PDF is from an older article on that blog, before he got the automatic SQL conversion to work. 1. Every language under the sun would already have a client library for talking to it 2. Existing mechanisms for scaling HTTP (caching proxies, HTTP-aware load balancers) would work out of the box 3. HTTPS would be available if you needed it 4. You wouldn't need a new port assigned, and existing firewalls wouldn't need to reconfigured. 5. You wouldn't get people like me asking "why not just use HTTP?" Epic strawman: "I don’t buy the argument that just because it’s software, it can’t be inventive" I seem to remember the on board batteries only last a few minutes - long enough to fail over to another datacenter, supposedly. It depends on the promise library implementation - most will let you specify an "errback" (like a callback, but called if there is an error) and will trigger that if any of their children fail. Alternatively, some may let you specify a timeout and call your errback if that time elapses without all of the children finishing. Off the top of my head: run several Node instances (one per core would maximise potential performance) and load balance between them. Have the load balancer / some other monitoring script periodically check each instance to see if it's hung and remove from load balancer, kill and restart it when that happens. For me, it's all about Node.js. None of the other server-side JS web stacks have excited me at all - they didn't offer anything that Python or PHP didn't already give me (I'm utterly unexcited about being able to run the same code on both the client and the server). Node complements existing technolgies really well, and has an incredibly well designed API. If you're implementing Facebook Connect on your own site, you should make sure you offer people the option to later set up a username and password for their account (or associate another OpenID or similar) to avoid this exact problem. Our site http://www.wildlifenearyou.com/ does this - I wouldn't say we've got it completely right yet (we don't make it nearly easy enough to find the feature, and it's pretty ugly) but you can associate multiple OpenIDs with a single account, or set a password for it, or both: http://www.wildlifenearyou.com/account/associations/ We don't support Facebook Connect yet - I've been holding out waiting for them to provide a non-JavaScript dependent option. So if CoffeeScript is written in CoffeeScript, does that mean that the developer had to compile it by hand the first time and is now using each version to compile the next version? Because Valve don't have to give Apple a cut when people buy through Steam. "2,500 requests may be sent to the Geocoding Web Service per day from a single IP address" - I don't remember this restriction from the previous version of the API. Has this changed, or did I just miss a T&C somewhere? "I still wonder why Firefox even bothers with writing its own engines instead of using webkit and v8. There really is no need for 2 open source rendering engines, that do the exact same thing." It's a good thing the WebKit and V8 teams didn't have that attitude, or the only open source rendering engine would be Gecko. "I would definitely choose HTML5 if I can make something that can not be done with Flash nor HTML4" Interactive graphics that work on the iPhone and iPad. Sometimes I wonder what would happen if someone explained SSH tunnelling to these government agencies. I doubt it would be pretty. I agree there's no way the general population would ever understand SSH tunnelling (they have enough problem understanding URLs) but it isn't inconceivable that a desire to avoid these filters could lead to successful mainstream software workarounds. "New in Firefox 3.8: the 'skip government filters' button" OPML has been used successfully for this in the past, despite being a pretty weird format. Do not want. http://www.innowhere.com/ is cited as an example of this kind of interface, and is a total disaster - I'm browsing on a 3G modem on a train (tunnels etc mean my connection is a bit spotty) and clicking the links on that site offers me no feedback at all on whether or not a page is about to load - it either fails silently or eventually throws an alert() box with a weird type error. Call me old fashioned, but I like links that work. I can just about forgive Gmail for being a single page interface (though I'm frequently frustrated there as well), but for a content oriented site it remains a terrible idea. From the article, it sounds like it. "I think I talked to eleven people in the course of my day there, failing one logic puzzle but acing the what-does-a-browser-actually-do test." - sounds like my Google interview a few years ago. I noticed that the other day while playing around with the YQL console - YQL obeys robots.txt, so the Hacker News data table doesn't work any more. What's a good curriculum / reading list for learning graph theory? What kind of things do you need to understand before you can check it off the "things to learn more about" list? I wrote about this a few months ago: http://simonwillison.net/2009/Nov/23/node/ - it's exciting because it's asynchronous (like Ruby's EventMachine and Python's Twisted) but makes it almost impossible to screw up your event loop. JavaScript is an excellent fit for asynchronous programming. http://transloadit.com/ is one startup that's using Node.js - it's particularly good for handling large file uploads since it can handle tens of thousands of them in parallel on a single server. I'm really not a fan of the webapp framework. Like you said, it's quite verbose - but more importantly, it runs out of steam very quickly - the moment you need to do anything useful with cookies, for example. Twitter's length restrictions were originally based on their compatibility with SMS. I imagine this still matters to them. Google were quite slow to open source protocol buffers - ex-Google engineers re-invented them at Facebook as Thrift and open sourced that first, which lessened their impact when they came out. The real competition to protocol buffers though is JSON over HTTP, and that's easily fast enough for most purposes (most of Yahoo!'s internal web services use that combination, to my knowledge). How did you do it? Did you have to construct your Set-Cookie header by hand, or is there an API for that now? I'd do this: document.getElementsByClassName("externalLinkBig")[0].setAttribute( "class", "externalLinkSmall" ); Are you seriously suggesting that a bribe would cause a developer of Miguel's caliber to devote nearly a decade of his life to building something like Mono? I dunno... I find the combination of the Django ORM and South (in particular the --auto flag for auto-creating migrations) is incredibly productive. With the ORM, I can conjure up a query that answers pretty much any question I might have of my data. I've experimented with MongoDB (and a bunch with Redis) and I find I'm much more likely to end up with a query that I can't resolve without having to do a bunch of extra work. Most of this is probably having expertise with the tools, but I find that for rapid prototyping the ability to run relational queries is really important, especially since query performance during the prototyping phase isn't really an issue. This looks incredible. I've been using SQL (in the form of MySQL, PostgreSQL and SQLite) for nearly a decade, and I still feel like I only understand a fraction of the capabilities of those products. I've been using redis for a few months and I feel like I understand almost everything it can do. That's the core of my SQLphobia - I'm more comfortable with tools I feel I've mastered. webkit2png is at least five and a half years old: http://simonwillison.net/2004/Sep/11/webkitpng/ Well worth navigating through - it just gets nuttier and nuttier. I certainly didn't know you could execute SQL queries against Drizzle from within your nginx.conf, parameterise them based on the query string, hash them to different backend shards and format the results as JSON... Redis is less than a year old. I doubt it was a serious contender when Twitter started building their own solution. Some really interesting ideas here, especially coming at it from a Django background. Flask embraces thread locals - Django tends to pretend they aren't necessary at the user level, even though there are a few of them lurking in the core framework. Flask's request object is thread-safe global, and Flask encourages you to put your own per-request global instances (such as a database connection which is opened at the beginning of the request and closed at the end) on the special flask.g object. I've always disliked this kind of approach because it makes it hard to run your code outside of the context of a web request (e.g. in a cron script), but Flask deals with that by providing a clever test_request_context method: from flask import request with app.test_request_context('/hello', method='POST'): # now you can do something with the request until the # end of the with block, such as basic assertions: assert request.path == '/hello' assert request.method == 'POST' Using the with statement here is very smart - Flask seems to get a lot of mileage out of both context managers and decorators. I'm looking forward to seeing how Flask shapes up - it feels like a very modern attempt at a Python micro-framework, with some pleasantly unconventional ideas. I think it's more likely these are the results of the Neil Fraser acquisition: http://neil.fraser.name/news/2006/11/01/ I've had lots of success with the draggable/droppable modules from jQuery UI. They cover a lot of tricky cases (don't start dragging unless the mouse has moved more than a few pixels, revert to original position if the drag fails, arrange draggables in to "groups" so they only interact with the correct droppables) and generally do everything I need straight out of the box. The only problem I've had with them has been advanced code that needs to make independent modifications to the position of the draggable during the drag, but a post on their support forum solved that one for me: http://forum.jquery.com/topic/trying-to-manipulate-the-posit... In the past I've used YUI 2's drag and drop to good effect, but jQuery UI's is much easier to get started with. I'm not hugely concerned about swapping out application logic, since with a bunch of application servers it's possible to pull some out of the pool, upgrade them, then use the HTTP load balancer to redirect all traffic to the servers running the updated code. The big challenge is making changes to the database schema and co-ordinating the deployment of those changes with the switch over of traffic to the new application logic. That's really cool. We're aiming for almost full functionality in this case, but I can see how that would work great for some projects. You know what, I never actually thought about doing a migration by having a duplicate of the tables running in the same database. That sounds like it could work really well - thanks for the tip. Chiropractor, Hand Surgeons, Acupuncture, Massage... what's missing here is a physiotherapist. My girlfriend suffered from career threatening RSI (though RSI is actually a pretty useless term, since it works as an umbrella term for dozens of completely different possible problems). We found her a physio but they didn't really help. Then we found her an excellent physio (recommended by numerous friends) who spent 6 months fixing her. She can now type for 7 hours a day, provided she has at least one day a week with no typing at all. That's going from being unable to type for more than 5 minutes without searing pain. We've referred a bunch of other friends to that same physio, all with excellent results. If you're anywhere near Brighton, UK drop me a line and I'll send you her details. If you need to find your own physio, be aware that just like anything you should be ready to shop around for one. Personal recommendations from fellow RSI sufferers are incredibly useful here. The iPhone works fantastically well for bond users, thanks to the brilliant design of VoiceOver. It turns out tactile feedback isn't nearly as essential as one might expect. If Adobe get their act together, what would you expect them to do? This is just a selective repost of some of the tips from http://www.opensourcehunter.com/2010/02/27/26-cool-and-usefu... - and they're not particularly good tips (using .html() to check if an element is empty seems pretty dodgy, for example). Anyone got any good Redis use cases or success stories I could add to a future version of the presentation? Awesome, I'll keep an eye out for that. Don't suppose you have any interesting numbers on traffic / performance etc? It's up to you to manually maintain both of those sets, which means the information about what is tagged with what ends up stored twice and there's a risk that it could get out of sync. If anyone's looking for a project, a reusable HTTP proxying library for Node.js with easy hooks for adding pre- and post- checks and transforms would be incredibly useful. Being able to implement API rate limiting and authentication as a Node.js reverse proxy that wraps around an existing web application would be even easier with a well-tested, fully featured proxy library. I think this does show something that can't be done easily with Apache: scripting decisions about what to proxy in JavaScript, in this case to implement auto-reloading of configuration files for IP filtering and regex-based host blacklisting. Database adapters for Node are beginning to show up - there's an async PostgreSQL one and I think there's one using libdrizzle (which should work for MySQL as well). Since Node speaks HTTP fluently it's great for talking to things like CouchDB, and there's also DBSlayer http://code.nytimes.com/projects/dbslayer which provides an HTTP API for running MySQL SQL queries. Node + Redis is an awesome combination. Don't forget APIs - if your application simply hits a bunch of HTTP APIs from other providers (mashup style) Node is a great fit. Node is designed specifically TO facilitate long-running requests. There is only one thread (it's a single-threaded, evented system). Everything is done with callbacks, so if you have a long running I/O operation you'll just add a callback which completes the current HTTP response when the long-running I/O has finished. Node is quite happy to keep thousands of such callbacks around at once for massive concurrency. Yes - this is an abstraction around that, based on the already existing jQuery.getJSON method. And someone's already got http://www.xn--b1avn2f.com/ - a.k.a. HSBC.com :/ Yes. That's a big issue every election, but is likely to be an even bigger pain point this time round. Both Labour and the Lib Dems are now calling for electoral reform (some kind of proportional representation instead of first past the post). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragedy_of_the_commons My understanding is that they log pretty much everything using Scribe and run analysis using Hadoop and Pig (based on a talk by Kevin Weil and NoSQL EU the other week) http://www.slideshare.net/kevinweil/nosql-at-twitter-nosql-e... The advantage of doing it in CSS is that browsers can implement animation themselves. Animation in JavaScript is a bit of a hack - run a loop with setInterval, change the value of various CSS values for each frame, dynamically adjust the frame rate based on the amount of time left, implement your own easing... If an animation is described to the browser directly (fade from this value to this value taking this much time) the browser can implement all of the above itself, in a standard way. With access to APIs like Core Animation, the browser can even take advantage of hardware acceleration. I argue that it makes sense for browsers to provide an animation API. The only remaining question is what form that API should take. It can either be exposed as CSS syntax, or as part of the DOM APIs exposed to JavaScript (document.animateElement(el, ...) for example). CSS is meant to handle presentation logic, so if you define animation as part of the presentation layer of your site then putting it there isn't really that crazy. The thing about the Yelp/Facebook bug is that it demonstrates how some of these features have pretty fundamental problems. Facebook gave Yelp full access to their API in a way that meant that any XSS holes in Yelp would result in a breach for Facebook. Yelp had an XSS hole. Keeping a large site free of XSS is really, really hard (especially if you don't have an escape-by-default policy baked in to your template layer). Ensuring your partners are free of XSS is even harder. I agree that this is pretty frustrating - it's one of the things my django-html package addresses: http://github.com/simonw/django-html {% field form.name class="myclass" %} I worked somewhere a while ago that requested YAML configuration files, since that was how the sysadmin team administered other existing pieces of software. Since settings.py is executable Python code, adding support for reading settings from /conf/django-app.yaml took just a few lines of Python in the settings file itself. If anyone's new to Redis, you might find my NoSQL EU workshop slides and notes useful for getting up to speed: http://simonwillison.net/static/2010/redis-tutorial/ CloudMade have been offering this based on top of OpenStreetMap for quite a while (over a year I think) - I imagine the competition there was one of the principle drivers behind adding this feature to Google Maps. There was a panel on mapping at SxSW 2009 with representatives from OpenStreetMap and Google Maps and the OSM presentations were much, much more impressive thanks to this kind of feature. I'm not surprised Google felt the need to catch up. If you want complete control over your maps, check out Tile Drawer - http://tiledrawer.com/ - it lets you define your own map styles using a Cascadenik stylesheet, then run your own EC2 instance that will render and serve custom tiles for a specific area using those custom styles (and OpenStreetMap data). So I take it I was the only one who thought this was a strikingly clear explanation of how Twitter sees itself and how they intend to develop their ecosystem? A really excellent piece of communication. Here's a write-up of the talk from someone who was live blogging from the conference: http://reinout.vanrees.org/weblog/2010/05/24/no-sql.html I just de-minified the source code and this thing is a seriously impressive piece of work. It reads the SWF binary in JavaScript, decodes it (including extracting embedded JPEGs, sound files etc) and then renders the same content using dynamically generated SVG - if you fire up the Web Inspector in Chrome while it's running you can actually see the different SVG properties changing as it runs. To pull that off, the JavaScript includes a base64 decoder, unzipping code, a ton of byte manipulation stuff for dealing with the SWF format and a full-blown ActionScript bytecode interpreter! I've posted the de-minified version as a Gist if anyone wants a look: http://gist.github.com/418177 - for educational purposes only since the code hasn't officially been released yet. Genuine question: seeing as an iframe can be made invisible but clickable by setting its opacity to 0.01, is it even possible for Facebook to protect it against clickjacking attacks? Even without an iframe, can a UI element that's designed to be embedded in to other sites ever be protected? I had a Nokia for several years. Two of my ongoing questions about it were: "Why can't I copy and paste?" and "What the heck is that keyboard button with a picture of a pencil on it for?" I figured it out about a week before I switched to an iPhone.