Here's a great article on the subject from Dharmesh Shah (HubSpot founder). http://onstartups.com/tabid/3339/bid/11097/How-To-Price-Soft... Any reason why you chose Unity3D over Google's O3D ( http://code.google.com/apis/o3d/ ) ? How is this not off topic? First thought: seems like Mechanical Turk is popular in India. I can't describe how OOP changed my life. You have to learn it. Right. I don't see any use case for this syntax especially that modern IDEs offer auto completion . I pretty much in the same situation as you and have a similar background (currently studying software engineering). Actually I did quit school for one year and worked as a web developer. I liked it, good salary and all, but I chose to go back to school for a few reasons. 1) School is a great place to make connections. 2) My parents are supporting me while I'm still studying. 3) Most of all, I'm an entrepreneur and school is a great time to start a company (see 2 reasons above + http://answers.onstartups.com/questions/2059/founding-a-star... ). 4) Although I also learn better on my own (didn't learn much at school), bachelor opens the door to post-graduate studies and gives some credibility when looking for VC funding. Finally, nowadays, you can launch a startup with minimal capital investment, so don't worry about money. An interesting solution would be to randomly chose which stories a given user sees in the New section. This article might help you: http://sitepoint.com/article/merchant-account-review DES ? Does this guy realize he's asking the founder of PHP (rasmus@php.net) to "escalate this to someone who can answer". lol If you follow a tutorial on becoming a hacker than you are most likely not (and won't be) a hacker. Being a hacker is a state of mind. On the short time it isn't but on the long term it can be. I've spent a few hours reading on version control a few years ago and I've been more productive since then ;) That's a good idea but I'm not sure how I would go about getting some famous developers to send a screencast of them at work! "There is perhaps a more general point here. If a language does too much for you, it may be simultaneously a good tool for production and a bad one for learning. It's not only languages that have this problem; web application frameworks like RubyOnRails, CakePHP, Django may make it too easy to reach a superficial sort of understanding that will leave you without resources when you have to tackle a hard problem, or even just debug the solution to an easy one." Love this quote. Thanks. Good idea ;) Lean and clean. Pretty similar indeed. Thanks for sharing the link. I haven't thought of a revenue model yet: just throwing the idea out to see if that's something people would actually like. Getting developers to share their work environment would indeed be a challenge. Perhaps, a karma system a la StackOverflow/HN could be used as an incentive. Developers on StackOverflow don't mind helping each others out so I don't see why it wouldn't work with my proposed format. I have to admit though that making a screencast is time consuming and the karma incentive might not be enough to balance. Another option that was mentioned in the comments was to ask "celebrity" developers to share their workspace. Celebrities usually like free publicity so I believe that might be a viable option to start out. Oui? Quel est le problème? I wasn't aware that Clojure had a steeper learning curve. I'll do as you recommended: start with Scheme to grasp the basics of Lisp and eventually move on to more advanced stuff. Thanks. Whatever, I never get spam with Gmail. My take on this: the benefit of filtering spam largely outweighs the downside of false positives (which, as far as I know, never happened to me and if it did, it probably wasn't that bad since I didn't notice). If someone really needs to contact me, the said person can message me on my various social profiles or simply call me. Nice tool, although embedding images isn't always an option. Thanks for sharing. Bookmarked. Makes a good example of why requirements are important even for something as seemingly simple as file copying. Actually, mistakes with pointers can lead to remote code execution ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffer_overflows ). Are they trusted by all browsers ? Reporting in. Someone lacks sense of humor... You`re right about this particular example. However, I wanted the library to be flexible enough to handle changes in the DOM (not only the content of some elements). Of course, if the DOM changes too heavily (completely different layout), this library wouldn't really make sense. That's right: if the diff takes more time then actually loading a new page, it doesn't make sense at all. However, I could see the diff script intelligent enough not to be slowed down by a minor difference. Anyways, this library would mostly make sense on pages with a very similar layout. As mentioned in my reply to @profquail, the use case was just an example. Perhaps I should have chosen a better one. http://www.irosetta.com/ Thanks for your feedback. However, I'm not sure why this site would be more likely to attract "amateurs" than StackOverflow. StackOverflow is not part of a freelancer marketplace either (the career site was only added very recently) and yet manages to get quality content. Thanks for your insight nonetheless, I will consider integrating the Q&A part with a "marketplace" in a second phase. WordReference does have a ton of valuable content and a vibrant community but as you mentioned, the user experience isn't that great. Thanks for the encouragement ;) That sucks but thanks for pointing out. I didn't know it was possible to trademark an Ancient Egyptian artifact :( I'll try to see if I really am infringing the trademark. I'll run a test campaign and see if it is effective. Thanks for the keyword suggestions. "programming provides a higher barrier of entry than language study". As a professional programmer, I never really realized this but now that you mention it, it totally makes sense. In that perspective, iRosetta is more likely to attract "amateurs". I'll try to come up with a strategy to market it to pros ;) Nice collection ! Community moderation/features would be nice. jQuery Ruby on Rails Wasn't that posted earlier this month? I share it on HN ;) http://www.ted.com/ has some great lectures http://academicearth.org/ has videos of university courses -1. Why didn't you post this on your blog ? :D Thanks for the honest insight. I'm currently reading it and I love it so far. Google, I owe you one. Wikipedia is noncommercial. Thanks for this honest response. By the way, forms are also hell with the Zend Framework IMHO. Wanna talk basketball? What other languages? (genuine question) Would you consider candidates from Canada? I'm in Montreal. (olalonde@gmail.com) You should preload the 1-2 next pages (i.e. using an hidden iframe). I'm all for seeing Flash die a slow death. However, I wouldn't celebrate Apple for making the web more open: their AppStore is the worst proprietary/closed platform out there. You'd have to work pretty hard to make a compiled algorithm slower than an interpreted one. I'm not sure people are ready to pay for content on the web. I know I wouldn't pay for HN... uh wait, I would. I possibly would buy one (if the design is appealing even for a non programmer) but I'd be surprised if it hasn't already be done out there. My ultimate goal is to increase productivity - I'm getting tired of writing and maintaining all those SQL queries. I felt the driving force behind NoSQL databases was cutting through the pain of SQL, but I can see from other comments that it is not really the case. Thanks, that's exactly the answer I was looking for. For some reason, I was under the impression that simplifying queries was actually a design goal of NoSQL whereas it really is about scalability and performance... right? That sentence was for illustration purposes: I was wondering if NoSQL databases acted on the same level as ORMs (and I was apparently wrong). I am very well aware of ORMs (actually wrote my own in PHP: http://www.getdorm.com ). You should look up what is recommended by the PCI DSS ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Payment_Card_Industry_Data_Secu... / https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/ ). Which industries would that be? What is a good way to get in touch with them without looking too opportunist or ruining yourself? (genuine question) Are you spying on me ? :D One strategy is to get a routine. I can't confirm though, I'm also a procrastinator :/. I am bilingual (french/english), but one thing really bothers me: I never get to speak in English. I read books in English, I watch movies in English, I read/write in English, etc. but I never get the chance to practice my spoken English. The end result is that although I understand/write English very well, I lack confidence when talking. I wish I could _talk_ on the net so that I "get" the accent and intonation. The best scenario would be to be able to discuss about things I'm interested in at the same time (startups, programming, etc.). I could actually host a Ventrilo server (anyone interested?) until someone builds an app for that :D "Go work in them" can be a time consuming process. I wish it was possible to just work a couple of days in a given industry but it's much easier said then done. An alternative could be consulting but that can also involve a lot of commitment when all you really want is identifying opportunities - not build a consultancy biz from scratch. Perhaps, a viable alternative could be to offer free consulting: much easier to land contracts and low commitment. That's what I used to do actually. It was indeed a very effective way to speak English but I pretty much lost interest in video games now. This was posted earlier this week ;) If only we could change "National Defense" by "Startup Fund". Cool project ! Care to open source your error level analysis implementation ? I'm curious of how complex it is. 37signals ? It seems like writing a whole new language is a bit overkill... why not simply stick to the framework layer? I totally agree. "How cash in the bank affects your lifestyle: it's not linear." ( http://blog.asmartbear.com/rich-vs-king-sold-company.html ) Who cares? Start a company and profit. If it doesn't work, try again. I'd rather be poor and get a shot at the big bucks than have a nice & stable salary. -1 ? You don't have to share my opinion but I'm not sure it deserves a down vote. What differentiates you from http://younoodle.com/ and http://crunchbase.com ? The UI is cool by the way. I would as long as I'm not used as a flesh shield ;) What kind of job would you have there? I thought you could only write iPhone apps in Objective-C. Most likely answer so far: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/axth9/i_found_thi... It's most likely a random number as it is in UUID version 4 format. The version identified by the 4 and the b in the correct spots "6d4061b1b-a7ee-4a9e-b0ae-509617252b42" (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universally_Unique_Identifier#V... ). Person who placed the geocache probably wanted a way to google anyone who found it. The real sad thing about this is that if they're asking you to post, it implies that what you post is much more likely to make the top page than it is for regular users, which defeats the whole purpose of this site. Let's hope HN isn't becoming a new kind of Digg... You might want to add http://singularityhub.com/ to your feed reader ;) This is a follow up to: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1066716 This has nothing to do with intellectual curiosity, but I couldn't resist posting it :/ If such an IDE was built, it would pretty much mean the end of Flash on the long term. So my guess is that there is a market for an open standards IDE. Why are the markers so evenly distributed across the map? There should be a much larger concentration of markers in places where population density (with Internet access) is high. For instance, there seems to be as much markers in Canada as in the US. My guess is that most (read 99%) of the markers are fake. The map was most likely populated by the website owner. Although I wouldn't see myself doing 400 "half baked" projects, I understand that it could be a solution for people who are in it for the money. That being said, I definitely agree with the fact that your social network and environment can have a big influence on your success. We don't all have the chance to live in Silicon Valley. Right. Perhaps I am over-thinking this. From discussions that usually happen on HN. Don't you share the same perception? It seemed obvious to me but I guess I'm biased. Perhaps I should have explained my arguments. Agreed, although you're not answering the question. Assuming you are a Christian, do you believe the Bible should be taken literally or do you think it is composed of metaphors? Where do you draw the line between fact and fiction? Never mind, I thought it was tokenadult who had written your reply above. Perhaps rationality goes out the window when the stakes are too high. As an atheist, I find this essay truly inspiring and would say most (if not all) predictions make lots of sense. That being said, I'm afraid that the spiritual tone employed by the author might distortion the message he really wanted to pass. I asked this on HN a few days ago and didn't get any feedback. I hope this time I'll get some comments... otherwise I'll have to admit it isn't such a great idea! If you know any similar trick, let me know in the comments ! Interesting insight, thanks for sharing :) Right. I like StackOverflow's karma system for instance. It keeps spam out and rewards for quality content. I asked a question along those lines to HN a few days ago. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1108912 Very cool app.! I was going to build it myself but you beat me to it. Now, can someone build a feed for HN submission comments/comment replies? And why not a feed for StackExchange answers/comments ? I second. All my favorites are lined up under my URL bar and I don't have enough space to keep the website titles, I only keep the favicons. Usability was great until I tried finding a listing of IfIRanTheWorld answers. Then, there's a third category of questions where these two approaches fail. In fact, when asked a question of this type, one does not immediately know how to go about proceeding to investigate it, e.g. "What is truth, Is there a God", etc. [...] But apart from its misapplication to scientific matters (such as the shape of the earth), is the moral relativistic approach a useful one, despite its acceptance as an axiom in a lot of universities? Now, that is a long debate. IMHO, the moral relativistic approach as you describe it constitutes an interesting mental exercise, but not a useful one per se. If there is absolutely no hint or proof that something exists, how can it be useful to debate it (apart from intellectual masturbation) ? Let's say we live in "the matrix" and that there is _absolutely_ no way to get out of it or anything that could hint its existence. Given that assumption, what is the point of debating whether it exists or not ? Even if there really was a matrix, how could it be useful for us to know this piece of information ? That knowledge wouldn't serve any purpose as the said matrix wouldn't in any way interfere with our universe and even less with our mere human lives. Of course, if there was any way to escape the matrix or if it would even subtly interact with our universe, that would be another question. In the same vein, I dislike the concept of "agnosticism". If we had to be agnostic about everything that is not possible to prove (or even partially, through subtle hints) then we'd have to be agnostic about an amount of things only limited by our collective imagination. For instance, we'd have to be agnostic about "the matrix", the fact that our universe is an "atom" inside a much larger universe, that we're all imagining this universe through an induced dream, etc. On a side note, this is one of the reason I find it more interesting to debate with theists that believe they have evidence for God than agnostics or theists that base their belief on faith. PS: I'm not trying to discard philosophy and I actually admire this discipline. All I'm saying is that it should not attempt to answer the wrong questions. I assume this was meant to be a clarification as opposed to a counter-argument because I totally agree with you. My point was that there is absolutely no use in knowing "metaphysical facts" as long as they don't change anything about our knowledge of the physical universe. Metaphysical statements are indeed meaningless if you can't determine them through some type of experiment. That being said, the fundamental laws of our universe could also be considered as metaphysical statements since they "describe the physical", the precise definition of "metaphysical". However, those metaphysical statements can be determined through experiments and that's why they're "useful". @philwelch: I quoted you here http://syskall.com/why-we-should-eradicate-agnosticism-from-... , hope you don't mind. I tried contacting you by e-mail but it didn't work. Hope you're not scanning IP ranges: I believe it's illegal in most countries. I would modify the question to "[...] Is Amazon just that unreliable [...]". Saying that the whole cloud is unreliable is a pretty fast generalization. or superuser.com ... StackExchange's karma points and badges have made me quite addictive. What would be interesting would be to let users hook their own custom functions to your web crawler. In other words, whenever you crawl a link, you feed the link to the developer's script which does whatever it wants with it. I've had plenty of ideas that would involve a web crawler, but I just don't have the time to customize an open source crawler. There are too many complications like not falling into infinite loops (such as a calendar type pages). The original website was posted on HN a while ago. One (of the many) definitions of agnosticism is to " the view that the truth value of certain claims - especially claims about the existence of any deity, but also other religious and metaphysical claims - is unknown or unknowable." In other words, you think it's impossible to know. I've written a blog post on the matter a few days ago http://syskall.com/why-we-should-eradicate-agnosticism-from-... Because you have a hard time rationalizing social norms doesn't mean they don't make sense at all. Nerds do have their social norms too (for instance, not caring about their physical appearance) and I would actually consider myself a nerd if it was not for the social part / lifestyle that goes with it. I'm probably going to get down voted for this :/ Can anyone explain me the value of URL shorteners? I never understood this "cool" trend... OK, they're useful for SMS (that's why it's so popular on Twitter), but what else ? If you do it and get up voted the second time than it is ethical. Otherwise, it is unethical. Seriously though, there should be a system where you lose points for every submit that doesn't get any up vote. If you really believe your story is interesting, you should be allowed to risk losing points as long as you want... until you run out of points. At the same time, if you think your novel content is not likely to get up voted, why would you post it ? Ideally, I would like to see a StackOverflow-like karma system on HN. For instance, let's say you get X points for every up vote, it wouldn't be that scary to lose X/2 points for submitting a story that doesn't get up voted but yet, you would think about it twice. Cool concept, I hope it works out ! I really wonder how the backdoor got there in the first place. Isn't this off topic? Linus didn't exactly shine in this discussion :/ Especially the part where he says: A scientific theory is an approximation of observed behaviour WITH NO KNOWN HOLES. Once there are known holes in the theory, it's not a scientific theory. At best it's an approximation, but quite possibly it's just plain wrong. It would be cool if it was possible to automatically save to an image host. Does anyone have a link to the full size image? I disagree with that author and I'm not even sure what point he is trying to make. If a smaller brain is more intelligent than a bigger brain, I assume it is more complex (for instance, it has more interconnections). In computer science though, it takes more processing power to simulate more complex representations of reality. Therefore, we would need more processing power to represent a small intelligent brain than a big stupid brain. Software and our analog world are two very different beasts. Small and complex physical things sometimes take more processing power to represent than big simple ones. This article sums it up pretty well: http://www.johndcook.com/blog/2010/03/03/just-in-case-versus... http://bigassmessage.com/741540b37 University Research 2.0. It seems like universities are so lateeee on adopting new technologies. Most of them are still working with printed scientific journals / email / static HTMLs + GIFs from the 90s. They still do a lot of stuff through the mail and the count goes on... If you don't trust me, just take a look at http://arxiv.org/ or MIT's website. I'm pretty sure there's room for amelioration! If anyone wants to brainstorm on the topic, feel free to contact me. Sounds more like a news aggregator than a social platform for scientific collaboration. Where does it say he'll work for free?? Right, although Arxiv.org is so 1995. That's pretty much the direction Chrome OS is taking. Greatest would be if the printers could print (replicate) themselves. A new life form :) That problem is pretty much solved for me (Gmail). The real problem here is why does mail still have to exist? Build a ChatRoulette like feature. The description actually reminded me of the main character in American Psycho. I disagree with you: I consider myself as having relatively good people skills and Saul still disgusts me. However, Saul isn't the single one to blame. After all, he's only a player in the corporate game. He didn't make up the rules. If only Saul's strategies (i.e. getting promoted on the basis of a friendship) didn't work in the real life, there would be less Sauls in this world. IMO, the article didn't have much substance but the debate in the comments is pretty interesting to read. Actually, the original ChatRoulette was built by a Russian. I use Netvibes.com which lets you make a public page with RSS feeds you read. Mine is http://www.netvibes.com/webdeveloper although it's pretty old.. Was posted here a few days ago. I wonder what that is: http://imgur.com/ATpQj.png Maybe related to the Pi Day ? Isn't a bit strange that the current time = the 3 first digits of Pi and that there is π next to it? I'd be curious to hear what that new career is. This field looks indeed fascinating. That being said, I wonder how I could go about learning bioengineering by myself. Perhaps I should find an online community and ask them where I should get started. I'm mostly interested in engineering/science. That's pretty much as narrow as I can get. The point of asking a broad question was to get answers I wouldn't spontaneously come up with. I'm looking for diversity and originality. That's precisely why I'm looking to learn something not related to software development. It has been driving innovation in the early days of the web but it is not true anymore. Disclosure: I've been freelancing for several adult companies and personally know some business owners that are in this industry. Hey smakz, I'd be interested in getting in touch with you (see email in profile). I might have some things you'd be interested in. I wonder what makes some psychopaths violent and others not. Right, perhaps I should simply take the habit of using svn status when in svn repositories. Still it would be cool to have it integrated with the regular "ls". Obviously, it's more of a nice-to-have than a must-have. You should ask your question over at http://answers.onstartups.com/ . Jobs don't scale. No, really !? Am I the only one who's getting tired of meaningless headlines :| The Four Steps to the Epiphany by Steven Gary Blank is an excellent book about startup engineering. Richard Dawkins' "Selfish Gene" and "God Delusion" are excellent reads. The Stranger (L’Étranger) by Albert Camus is an excellent novel. I'm sure many HNers can relate to the main character. Yep. Actually, some stats surprised me quite a bit... obviously, you should take those stats with a grain of salt as they are not 100% accurate. For some reason, I knew this would involve the iPad vs PC but I still clicked to make sure :/ I'd like to get one... mine broke a few days ago and I lost about 500gb of data :/ I'll give some books away on HN tomorrow :) I do. I'm my own boss anyways ;) Great list. Surprisingly, I hadn't even heard of YC's most successful exit (Divvyshot, acquired by Facebook at 20M$). Not sure at all... I took it from the spreadsheet. French is still spoken in many African countries although its not likely to translate into economic benefit anytime soon. It can also be useful if you want to do business in Montreal, Canada, which is relatively big in the video game industry. De mon côté, j'aimerais bien apprendre le Mandarin :) The consensus seems to be REST all the way (and not to implement multiple interfaces to the same API). Thanks everyone for the feedback! We're building this web service for people like you so your opinion is invaluable :) I'm currently reading "The Ruby Programming Language" (coming from a C/C++/PHP background). I'm looking forward to write my next web app using RoR. In my experience, most "Get rich quick with affiliate marketing" e-books are total BS, but actual affiliate programs are legit. Amazing... a few years ago I would have swore this was Flash. How did that crap get 4 points on HN ? Never heard of Cloudomatic before, but I wish I had. It seems like a great service and I actually like your UI ;) Good luck with it ! Come to think about it, I'm not sure this is actually a good thing for Android. I don't mean to diminish what this guy did in any way - it surely took a lot of time, skills and perseverance. What I'm concerned about is that some people, who under normal circumstances would have bought an Android device, might buy an iPhone thinking: "Well, this is the best of both worlds, it can run Android and the iPhone OS". This kind of thinking could do a lot of harm to the Android community: less money for Android manufacturers who support Android's development, lesser user experience on the iPhone-Android (considering it's basically a hack) might leave a bad impression to first time users, etc. I have no idea but probably an order of magnitude harder since it's not open source. As unlikely as it may seem, the dual boot part seems already done according to the video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yO2KQHkt4A I guess so: I just read all the comments in this thread :/ Great idea! On a side note, the hover effect on the buttons hurts my eyes - maybe it's just me. That's it! Looks like a developer took the initiative because apart from that the design is neat :D Thanks for pointing this out! Have you tried clicking outside the box? Anyways, we will add a close button to make it more intuitive. It's my first time with WuFoo :) Should be fixed now. Thanks for pointing out and thanks for sharing your thoughts on payment options. We will make sure to appeal to both larger and lower volume merchants. That's pretty much the idea. There will be only one external API that developers can use, but internally, we will make sure to make it work with as many payment gateways as possible. We will then implement other features but that should be our core service. I've had to implement many payment processors for different clients in the past years and it really is a pain. I'm basically building this for myself :) Hadn't heard of this before, thanks for sharing. I will look into it. We don't think we will have to compete with them as we offer a different service. They could actually become our customers to offload the pain of implementing different APIs for all of their supported payment gateways. Thanks, I've fixed those issues. Good guess on the French thing, that's actually my mother tongue. We are indeed trying to see where to focus and get some very early feedback. That being said, a big chunk of the code is already done :) The private beta should launch in the next following weeks. I would say our service operates at a lower level of abstraction than the services you mentioned. Our ultimate goal is to make it simple to integrate with any payment processor. We perfectly understand your concern. Our way to deal with it is that we try to use payment gateways' built-in recurring billing as much as possible in order to make it easy for our customers to move off our platform. We also offer the possibility to export any data that you own. I don't pay myself, everything goes back in the business. I could refute almost every single point in the first set of arguments. WebSocket, Canvas, Web Workers, HTML5 drag and drop API, WebGL, O3D, Application Cache API, Chrome/FF (and possibly other browsers) allow web apps to open mailto: links, FireBug, Web Developer Toolbar, etc. etc. Well, that's pretty subjective. I prefer GMail's user-experience than any competitive desktop app, same for Google Calendar, Google Reader, Basecamp and FreshBooks. I guess I'm biased as I am a firm believer that the open web is the platform of the future. That being said, I totally agree that there is still a lot of room for improvement, but we're on the right track :) Was posted on HN a few weeks ago... still upvoted because it's great :) There's http://diveintohtml5.org which I don`t believe is 100% completed yet. I guess it's still too early for a comprehensive book - HTML5 is still in draft mode. I would like to see Adobe contribute to the HTML5 specs and "merge" the good features of Flash with HTML5. I don't think it makes sense anymore to have both HTML5 and Flash as two separate entities as they basically aim to solve the same problem. Adobe could then build great authoring tools for web apps just like it did for Flash... if only they could see the opportunity. I created this spreadsheet so anyone could contribute to the original list ( http://www.querycell.com/Business_Forum_Discussion.html ) posted on HN yesterday. Feel free to manage the list and keep it clean as this is my first time with Google Docs! Reminds me of his Mixergy interview http://mixergy.com/brad-feld-interview/ . He's the kind of VC I'd like to do business with. I thought payment APIs were especially a pain (that's why I'm working on http://payfacade.com ). IP geolocation / HTML5's location API could be an option too. Maybe you'd want to be an angel :) I'm a co-founder at a company that is growing very fast and we are looking for some investors. The company is incorporated in Hong Kong so it's very hard to get VC. If you'd like to hear more, add me on Skype (o-lalonde) (sorry for the shameless plug) Sadly, I realized this when I started smoking. When I go smoke outside and come back, I can solve the problem I was working on much faster. Cigarette does have some benefits... sad but true. I second. I have some flowers outside my house and they never got stolen. I think a lot of hackers overrate security just like a lot of nurses see diseases everywhere. Or maybe a blog à la alistapart.com but for hackers. Ideas is what matters the most in my opinion... go for it, buy a book and get your hands dirty. Another option would be to leave the technical stuff to a co-founder. How about working on a startup in your free time? Even if it fails, you will gain experience and have something interesting to add to your C.V. I think that many HNers could have an edge in the tech sector. Most of us could probably not beat the Wall Street guys with analytical trading or whatever it's called (analyzing charts or detecting some patterns), but we could certainly predict which tech companies are likely to succeed in the foreseeable future and which are likely to fail. Does it make sense? I am totally ignorant about finance/trading, perhaps someone can correct me if I'm wrong. It would be much more helpful to tell me why I'm wrong instead of down voting me... This is wrong on so many levels. Any live demo or screencast available? What about moving to China? (I'm serious.) I moved to China a few weeks ago and was amazed how this place is an ideal place for startups/freelancers. First, the cost of living is extremely low AND you get a similar (if not better) quality of life than what you can get in the US. I live in Shenzhen, a very young city with a booming economy and the world's capital of electronics manufacturing. The population density here is much higher than even the largest US cities, which means: a lot of 24/7 restaurants, night clubs full everyday of the week / hour of the night, convenience stores around every corner, cheap taxis (3$US can get you far), etc. There are very few foreigners but it can be a nice thing at the same time because when you see a fellow westerner, you are tempted to socialize very quickly and most of them have interesting stories to tell. Ah, I was about to forget: Chinese girls love westerners. China is also ideal for startups. The economy here is growing very fast and the domestic market is huge. The software industry here seems to be lagging behind the US by a couple years. This means that people knowledgeable about the western market have a significant edge because they are able to foresee the trends that are likely to take place in China. That's why there are so many Chinese clones of popular western websites. I could go on and on... Get in touch with me if you'd like to ask some questions. EDIT: Some pictures from my apartment http://www.flickr.com/photos/50425387@N06/ The Great Firewall sucks but I use a VPN anyways. My connection is still very fast (for instance, I reached over 1000 kb/s on a torrent yesterday). That being said, although I don't morally agree with the firewall, it has contributed to the success of many popular Chinese websites (notably Facebook/Twitter clones). It's pretty straightforward: you buy a 3 months, 6 months or 1 year visa - no questions asked. The 1 year visa costs about 700$ but I believe you can get it much cheaper if you get it from the US. It took a few hours and I bought it at the border of Hong Kong (no visa needed to go to Hong Kong for less than 3 months). ExtJS would be a good bet. Its parent company, now known as Sencha, just "acquired" 2 popular Javascript frameworks, jQTouch and Raphael. They also received an investment from Sequoia capital recently. The only downside is that it requires a license for non open source projects. This didn't help at all! If this was a PR stunt, thumbs up. If it wasn't... thumbs up anyway :) Wallet, small phone, cigarettes, lighter. Subversion? Put China on the map ;) I currently live in China and the firewall isn't as bad as it looks . I used to believe it was meant to censor information but I increasingly believe that it is meant to encourage the digital economy in China. The Chinese alternatives (Baidu, TaoBao, RenRen, etc.) would probably have a much harder time without the firewall. That being said, as a free market enthusiast, I disagree with this kind of politics. Hasn't that technology been around for a while? I remember seeing a driver less car that could detect people. Perhaps someone on HN has a link to the article. What about the day no one wants to do this shitty job? Maybe then you'll be happy that some computer recalls your name. I know this sounds provocative but my point is that some jobs will simply get replaced by computers and robots in a not so distant future. The same happened with agriculture in less than a century and the day will come that no one will want to be a doorman. I know many people who would rather work on CRM software than have to memorize thousands of customers. My point is that having human beings whose sole purpose is to remember your name isn't a luxury that should be taken as granted. You should leave a way to contact you in your HN profile. Some HNers might be interested in hiring you. They call it "beer money" for a reason - that's what I'd buy. Good idea. I'm also doing my startup in Shenzhen, China. If anyone's interested to get in touch, my contact info is in my profile. As a side note, I believe it is illegal to call yourself an engineer in Canada unless you are licensed. Is the server down? I cannot see any arrow even when I open multiple windows (Chrome 5). For some reason, the background picture is distorted when remote mouses hover it (Chrome 5). Anyone has an explanation? Apple fanboys. Something tells me you just read http://techcrunch.com/2010/07/29/apple-religion/ . QQ (Tencent) headquarters are actually in Shenzhen. piece of mind -> peace of mind IMO the long domain name adds to the awesomeness. I would say it could be when you have to search really hard to find an article/book/course/conference/etc. in your area of expertise that actually teaches you something. It is when the only way to perfect your skills is by yourself, by pushing the limits on your own without relying on others. It is when the only way to get better is not to buy the book but to write it. Anyone agrees? What about user input validation? If I understand it correctly, all the application code resides in the browser. This means that there is no server side code to make sure that the data stored in the database is properly sanitized. For example, how would you go about making sure an input doesn't contain HTML code? If the verification is made on the client side, it is easy to circumvent it. I wonder about the legality of this service. Are parents really allowed to track their kids in this fashion? Until what age? etc. This isn't meant to be rhetorical as I am really ignorant on the matter. As a kid, I had much more to hide than as an adult - especially from my parents. http://browsersize.googlelabs.com/ http://seekier.com/olalonde Is it possible to search "on Seekier" from Google Chrome's URL bar? I actually had a beer with Max last week in Shenzhen. He is definitely real and quite interesting :) As a side note, you don't have to know CSS/HTML to be a web designer. As a matter of fact, in most places I've worked, web designers did the graphic part on Photoshop and web developers sliced the images and wrote the HTML/CSS. Not exactly sure if this is supposed to be a reply to my question. To be fair, the algorithm for solving this problem is trivial (but it doesn't run in polynomial time). Still hilarious :D VinayDeolalikar: I think I have done this. http://i.imgur.com/Oedd0.png Shameless self promotion That's the kind of pain we are trying to solve at http://PayFacade.com . We offer a unified payment API that let's you connect seamlessly with many payment providers in a mouse click. We also recommend the best payment provider for you depending on your country, monthly revenues and typical transactions. Most of them are Social Media Strategists. Draw your own conclusions... Shouldn't Verilog/VHDL be on top? :) In the comments: Why traditional blogging is a better medium than micro-blogging or social media - via Twitter Quite ironic. Doing the same in Shenzhen, China. In my opinion, with a 25,000$ salary here, you can live more comfortably than you can in the US on a 50,000+$ salary. For instance, at 500$/month, you can get a spacious 2br apartment that comes with a nice inner courtyard, tennis courts and a swimming pool. You can go to nice restaurants for under 6$ and take the taxi for ridiculously cheap (less than 5$ for a 15 minutes ride). And don't worry about getting bored. There are tons of bars, amusement parks, movie theaters, not to mention that most commerces close very late (11pm+). And if you're not into Asian girls, a lot of female foreigners are models from Russia/Eastern Europe that haven't seen westerners in a long time. :) I would suggest reading a book on "meta" programming. Code Complete would be a good starting point. Please people, when you submit something 2+ years old, indicate it in the title. (2007 in this case) I think it is generally a good thing as long as it's not skepticism for the sake of skepticism, without any substantial argument. To illustrate this, I've often found myself totally agreeing with an article until I read a rebuttal from an HN comment which helped me put the article in perspective. I saw it coming at "pretty much focused on food and sex". There are actually two things that I found surprisingly expensive in Shenzhen: bars (1 beer = ~7$) and movie theaters (1 ticket = ~15$). But that's about it. Clothing (except Italian brands), food, beer, transportation, rent (although Shenzhen is a bit expensive for China), massage, Internet, mobile phone, hairdressers... are very cheap. 25K isn't my actual salary but I know some people here who live very comfortably on that salary. Anecdote: I just go a nice haircut for 1.50$. Very nice but it would be more usable if the cross pointer would completely replace the arrow pointer. I'd be interested to hear about YC companies: their status, progress, problems, etc. (d) just a harmless fun activity (and great way to showcase and learn a new technology) I'm looking for a co-founder with experience in the online payment industry (preferably non technical but will consider technical if you're bringing something new to the table). See http://www.payfacade.com . I'm sure Google does a better job at securing their server than most small businesses. Couldn't agree more. When are we going to see nice font rendering on Linux? Works on http://www.google.co.uk The post would be more interesting if we knew what questions were asked in the survey. Edit: I meant how exactly were the survey looked like, including the service description. If it's a paid service, I highly doubt the 73% figure. Neat technology. If it was just slightly more responsive, I am sure it could be interesting for some use cases such as helping out non-native English speakers write with proper grammar and diversified vocabulary. You can call landlines in Canada and America for free from Gmail. I did it from China to Canada and the quality was very good. Best job description I've seen in ages. I especially like the semi-technical and open ended questions. I'm not an expert on the matter but I think it is fair to assert that the following: One time fee of 79$ > (79/12)$/month That depends on lots of factors such as retention rate, conversion rate and customer acquisition cost but as a general rule, you should take for granted that every new customer will equal less than 12 months payout, especially in our ridiculously fast moving industry. PS: I might be wrong since I got no hard data to back my claim but at least it's something you should consider in your estimates. A lot of companies are abandoning the freemium model lately ( http://news.buzzgain.com/freemium-is-dead-long-live-freemium... ). It's not the de facto choice that it used to be. Damn, that's how I got this annoying adware. I think it's time to bury Flash for good. I'm pretty sure. Flash has been acting very weird lately (random UAC popups) and it's the first time I get malware from the web in over 5 years. Flash is the only plugin I use so unless there is also a 0-day in Chrome, Flash is the most likely suspect. I had to turn Flash back on after a few minutes after I realized that Google Analytics charts are Flash based :( The most complete open source PHP e-commerce out there is MagentoCommerce, but it's very hard to customize. Amazing, great user experience. One detail though, wouldn't it be nice to have less blur on the thumbnails? I believe GNU Electric does what you mention. http://www.gnu.org/software/electric/ It would be interesting to simulate the prisoner's dilemma through AI agents and see if they develop a sense of trust over time. Maybe they would adopt a cooperative strategy eventually. Edit: This paper seems to go in that direction http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.43.... But they outsource the actual manufacturing to FoxConn. Some more surprising bits: Venture capitalists were smoking pot in my backyard and passing out on my couch. I like hard music that is not happy music—Metallica, Eminem, Rage Against the Machine. Why the down votes? I was simply pointing out what TC might have meant by "building". Everyone and their mother knows Apple doesn't outsource hardware design. As someone who has been coding PHP for over 5 years, I don't see any obvious benefit of doing OOP this way in PHP except for making your code look clever. Any explanation would be appreciated. Reminds me of HuaQiangBei in Shenzhen, China. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RafPma9_t8Q&feature=fvw Google's results are usually fine. If I had to chose one single thing at which Google results suck, it would have to be Javascript documentation. The point of being a bartender is to get a small glimpse at the inner-workings of a bar. Out of curiosity, what was your initial capital investment? Couldn't resist to complete the last one: * Relational/NoSQL/The tool for the job Conclusion: if you're part of the over-intelligent crowd, resist the temptation of signaling. Let's see if some meta^x-contrarian is going to argue with this :) From Wikipedia: The analytical engine, an important step in the history of computers, was the design of a mechanical general-purpose computer by English mathematician Charles Babbage. I think a lot more people will start considering this possibility seriously the day Google announces it parses Javascript. Not even close. Google's estimated amount of servers [1]: 450 000. Let's say they each have at least a 2GHz CPU = 2 000 000 000 computations/s. That's 9 * 10^14 computations/s. Let's be overly generous and assume machine can do 1 computations/s (although it is normally much less for multiplications) as estimated by Babbage himself [2]. Let's again be generous and assume an analytical engine's surface on earth is no more than 1m^2. To attain 9 * 10^14 computations/s, one would need at least 9 * 10^14 engines. Those machines would occupy an area of 9 * 10^14 m^2. According to Wolfram Alpha [4], this is ~1.8 × land area earth. Also, consider the amount of energy this would consume! [1] http://www.datacenterknowledge.com/archives/2009/05/14/whos-... [2] http://www.fourmilab.ch/babbage/authentic.html , http://www.fourmilab.ch/babbage/lpae.html#SpeedOfComputation [3] http://hypertextbook.com/facts/2001/DanielChen.shtml [4] http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=9+*+10^14+m^2 Just made my guess before reading yours. Some of my assumptions are more generous than yours, but the conclusion is the same: not enough land area on earth. I assume they would have to continue enforcing patents for some years to come, but stop granting new ones. It's also very frustrating for everyone behind the great firewall of China. I couldn't help myself from laughing when I noticed AOL's first post was one of those press releases that Michael Arrington despises. Is it possible to upgrade from 10.04 to 10.10 without reinstalling the whole OS? This really inspired me to write meaningful alternative texts (alt) on images. Never realized how important they were to the blind. Just asking since I've only been using Ubuntu for a few weeks. They even have a micro-blogging service :D http://www.globalcommunity.me/blog/ I agree with most you said except a small detail: how is C good at expressing algorithms? There are far more expressive languages in the C family. The point of learning C I would argue is to have at least one low level language in your toolbox. +1. However it's not easy for all of us to make "co-founder potential" relationships organically. In fact, most of my friends are not tech savvy or entrepreneur minded. Scary perspective. Once Facebook becomes the social layer in every application out there, they will become too powerful. And I don't think Diaspora is the solution (in its present form). By the way, why isn't OpenSocial, OpenID, etc. getting traction outside the tech community? http://videolectures.net/ has some interesting lectures as well. China is secular and mostly atheist. Yet they have an over population problem. http://www.google.com/publicdata?ds=wb-wdi&ctype=l&s... The CSS/Javascript files give a "Heroku Error" here. Comes down to if you classify mathematics as a science. Didn't find anything for my MAC address :( I'd like to point out Firebug has this feature and much more. They really mean it when they say "never trust user input". String.fromCharCode() can also be useful when some characters are stripped/escaped (such as quotes). document.write(String.fromCharCode(72,69,76,76,79)); IMHO, the problem with oDesk and most freelance job boards is that they are lemon markets[1] and are therefore disadvantageous to good programmers. If we take the analogy from the used car market explained in Wikipedia and adapt it to the freelance programming market: [...] the problem of quality uncertainty. It concludes that good programmers will not offer their service on the freelance market. This is sometimes summarized as "the bad driving out the good" in the market. That being said, I would suggest you contact companies directly to offer your services or look for specialized job boards where buyers know exactly what they are looking for. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Market_for_Lemons Why was this down voted? I second. I think everyone will agree that programming's learning curve is logarithmic. Just a few hours of programming study can deliver huge benefits. How about funding a startup which would also act as a label? Long shot (you would need to sign big names) but the rewards would be huge. The article never said labels were going to die. It just pointed out how they screwed their digital future . Why does this get up voted? It's a 2 years old tutorial on a deprecated Google Maps module that most HNers will never use. Am I missing something? Not all technologies per se, but: human level AI, immortality, underwater portable breathing device. Faster-than-light travel: wasn't this proved to be impossible by Einstein? I believe the only way would be to get your body rebuilt somewhere else in space through teleportation. This is pretty useless for competing social networks as it doesn't seem to contain social graph meta data. I wish people would mention this when they submit. The text makes much more sense now! Looks like he is heavily trying to bank in on his new found celebrity http://www.adamguerbuez.com/index.php . After all, assuming his net worth is below a few millions, I guess he is better off with a $873M judgment which gives him tons of press coverage and a Guinness world record than a smaller fine which who would bankrupt him anyway. It seems information could potentially travel faster than light through quantum entanglement: http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/80beats/2008/08/13/entangl... You are right, he certainly is extremely talented and intelligent, but I would argue that the genius label is misused here. It seems that mainstream media's tendency nowadays is to label every highly successful business founder as a "genius". In my opinion, Einsteins and Mozarts are geniuses and are much less common than people who build successful businesses. That being said, I think there is absolutely no reason to dismiss what Zuckerberg did or claim that it was all luck. Just don't fall into sensationalism and call him a genius. have to do with scaling that system, and those problems were solved long after Zuck was no longer hands-on with the code every day seldo was referring to scaling the software system , not the business. cynicalkane is making a valid point here: that Zuckerberg was not only faced with the technical problems of scaling a popular website, but also with those of managing a fast growing company. Seems like GAP announced an unpaid logo contest. The presets are actually much better than Photoshop's ones. I genuinely don't get the author's arguments. Unfortunately, the term, and therefore the way the technology is understood by tech writers, is causing some fairly serious problems. The thing is, the core problem isn’t that the name is too fuzzy. It’s what the name implies. The truth is, the “completion” of HTML5 is absolutely irrelevant. Basically, the tech press shouldn't use the term HTML5 because they don't understand it? HTML5 is a major milestone for the web and the term carries much more meaning than previous buzzwords (AJAX, Web 2.0, DHTML, etc.). HTML5 is a new technology unlike AJAX or DHTML which defined new ways of using existing technologies (AJAX = Javascript + XMLHttpRequest API, DHTML = HTML + Javascript DOM manipulation). Unlike those terms, HTML5 is very well defined and therefore quite hard to misuse. Am I missing something? I wasn't aware of that. Won't it be living hell for web developers trying to build cross-browser compatible websites? Will you have to perpetually keep track of the implementation status of every HTML5 features for every browser in addition to keeping track of every browser version and their market share? Edit: I wasn't referring to the DOCTYPE. I was referring to the fact that up until now you could just assume it was safe to use HTML 4.01 because you knew it was implemented (almost) consistently across a large share of browsers out there. Now you will have to keep track of features individually instead of keeping track of a discrete set of features AKA a HTML version. Microsoft should start thinking about acquiring a web company instead. One day, they will look back and realize that, in retrospective, they shouldn't have held on to the desktop. An analogy could be made with newspapers who held on to the paper. Time might prove me wrong, but I doubt it. Bad move for both Microsoft and Adobe => Please, yes. Self promotion here, but I suggest you check out http://payfacade.com . We're trying to make life of web developers easier regarding online payments. 400$ a month is doable in China but forget about nightlife or cockroach-free apartments. Disclaimer: I lived a few months in Shenzhen. I thought the challenge was to solve everything with "grep" because of the "Greplin" title. Count me in. How about we -200 rep everyone who doesn't deliver? Out of curiosity, what was the Japanese/foreigner ratio at previous meetups? Great news for terrorists. Now all they have to do is bomb Google's data centers and kill everyone on the roads :) Hence the plural form. I'm willing to open up to a very unlikely XSS attack in exchange of a better user experience. Do you know many people who say: "I won't run C applications because they are vulnerable to buffer overflows." "Customer Service" on India gave me a good laugh. I wonder what could be some real world applications for this technology. How about nic.ww.com to 209.20.78.140 :) http://ww.com/y gives what looks like a directory listing here. Possibly a security flaw? They down vote trolls. Edit: I wonder why this is getting down voted. It is rather standard behavior on the web to up vote trolls[1], which isn't usually the case on HN. [1] See YouTube.com, Reddit.com, etc. It would help to know what was the poll about. "Web Development Framework" is not very accurate IMO. I would change that to "WYSIWYG HTML editor". Yep (although I'm back in Canada for a while now). maxklein is also doing his startup in China. IMO, Youku's most obvious competitive advantage is that they undergo almost no pressure from copyright holders. There are tons of full movies available on Youku and I highly doubt they have licensing partnership like Hulu does. The underlying engine is open source ( http://github.com/solutious/stella/ ). Pros: - Early adopters will immediately know you're a cool startup. - Easier to find an available domain. Cons: - In a few years, the exact opposite will happen, " ly is so 2010". - Libya might might delete your domain name[1]. [1] http://thenextweb.com/me/2010/10/06/libya-deletes-ly-domain-... This web app is seriously awesome. I already see myself creating ad hoc social networks for all kinds of events. (first time I try it out, no affiliation) For me it's simple, I like to keep Facebook strictly for personal life. I think this fills a niche for "ad hoc" social networks where you don't want to reveal too much about yourself. Haha, I didn't realize you were pointing out a typo and was wondering why you were getting up voted. I thought you meant I was nit-picky over Libya's government or something :D Sounds like you're ripe to work for or perhaps, found a startup. You don't have to quit your current job to start a startup on the side or hunt for a new job. Basically: iTunes vs Optical drives iOS vs Java Safari vs Flash My impression is that a lot of comments are just restatements of the usual clichés: "get the first paying customer", "luck vs perseverance", "minimum viable product", "execution vs great ideas", etc. As someone who has already asked this kind of question on HN, that type of cookie-cutter advice really isn't helpful at all (assuming you have been following HN for a while). We need more specific, actionable advice. Here is mine: Grab a copy of "The Four Steps to the Epiphany"[1] by Steven Blank and apply his methodology. It's broadly a "How-to" guide on discovering who your customers are, what they really want and how to make them buy. According to your story, it seems you are focusing too much on getting PR when you really should go out your office and talk with your customers directly (instead of via TC). [1] http://www.amazon.com/Four-Steps-Epiphany-Steven-Blank/dp/09... http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1819050 > Language is not that important. Your engineers are. They will easily compensate for suboptimal tools. That's exactly his point: it's much harder to find great engineers who want to use PHP. Disclosure: I'm a PHP developer who has had to hire PHP developers in the past. This sentence caught me totally off guard. The whole article I felt Sculley (still) had a good relationship with Jobs. I disagree. Chrome, Gmail, Google search, etc. Very broadly, Google's product aren't as minimalist as Apple's because they want to appeal to power users and techies as well as your mom and dad. That doesn't mean they can't design. Reminds me of cash4gold. I think a better business model would be to pay them directly for the box. The drawback is that you have to become good at evaluating the market value of what's inside the boxes. Cash4gold is not a scam and they make a shit load of money. The trust issue in my opinion will lie in you walking away with people's stuff with no real incentive in getting the best price out of it since every sale is profit for you. Also, what will you do when an item doesn't sell after some time? Do you ship it back to its owner? Just think carefully about your business model because profit-sharing might not be the best way to go. I'm with Arrington on this. "Making obscene profits may make you jealous, but it isn’t evil. There’s a reason so many people are using the Cash4Gold service – it’s easy and convenient. They don’t make promises on their website that they don’t keep, and they aren’t tricking or scamming people. They are simply buying low and selling high, and that’s capitalism at its finest."[1] [1] http://techcrunch.com/2009/10/04/there-is-a-difference-betwe... . (I know, that's totally wrong and probably not what PG refers to by "beating the system".) Some years ago, my friend and I decided to kick off the night by drinking some beer in a park, downtown Montreal. After a few minutes, it started raining like hell. We had to get inside somewhere and the closest place was a university building which was "fortunately" still opened. We went inside and walked by the security, each carefully dissimulating our beer through our jacket. After wandering some time through the hallways, we finally found an unlocked classroom to finish our booze. Once done, we slowly walked back to the main entrance. We would soon realize that time had flied by and the building was long closed. Fortunately there was still a security guy. We kindly asked him if he could unlock the door for us. Of course, we looked somewhat drunk and he asked us, on an authoritative tone, what we were doing here. My friend came up with the lamest lie. The guy wasn't stupid and obviously knew we were hiding something. By that time, another security guy had came by. "I have to get us out of the shit", I thought to myself. I took all my courage and asked: "Ok, so you won't let us out just because we are gay?". The guy became visibly panicked, probably frightened to lose his job over homophobia. He almost apologized and quickly let us out. I was really proud of social engineering our way out of this delicate situation. My friend wasn't, he started yelling incoherently at me. I told him to get over it: "Who cares if he thinks you're gay? You're never going to see him again". I was wrong. Remember the second security guy who was standing there all along? It happened to be a friend of his very catholic father. I read somewhere that some ISPs bandwidth monitoring is based on self reporting. Meaning that your modem actually sends out your usage data. It might be worth looking into for academic purposes . I would go even further and call for the death of "files". Of course, files/filesystems will always exist under the hood but I think it is conceivable that in the future, filesystem operations become increasingly unneeded. There will be an iTunes/web app. for documents, books, software, etc. Wasn't Arc meant to be a toy/academic language? Hence, Teach Yourself Programming in Ten Years[1]. All kidding aside, I'm pretty sure it's unrelated to the actual code :) [1] http://norvig.com/21-days.html It wasn't a genuine question, no rhetoric meant. Your best language is ARM assembly... are you serious? I am myself a professional programmer that has some basic design skills, but I'll try to answer your question as well as I can. A - I'm pretty sure most people design the UX/UI before they start coding (at least mock ups). If you have already coded all your backend, you might feel constrained when designing the UI or might realize too late that you oversaw some critical parts of your system. Let me illustrate: Let's say you are building a "C.V. builder app". You might start coding with the assumption that the user has to be login to start building his C.V. However, if you imagine the UX first, you might realize that it would be nice to ask the user to register only once he wants to save his newly created C.V. That simple detail might have a huge impact on your code base. B - Some resources & inspiration: http://uxmovement.com/ , http://ui-patterns.com/ , http://www.smashingmagazine.com/category/inspiration/ , http://www.dribbble.com . C - If you're good at UX/UI design but lack the Photoshop skills to bring your vision to life, it should be safe to outsource. In any case, make sure your designer really "gets" your vision. D - I started learning to design and program at about the same time. Since then, I've put most my time into programming and although I consider myself pretty good at designing user interfaces, I lack the technical skill and experience to make them look beautiful. If you're the same as me, I would suggest spending some time trying to really master Photoshop or such tool. Also, some color/typography theory can't hurt. IIRC, Ruby supports rational numbers through http://ruby-doc.org/core/classes/Rational.html This is a better reference: http://www.wired.com/epicenter/2009/09/facebook-makes-money-... . According to this article, I'm also pretty sure they're profitable (but maybe not "hella profitable"). I hope it is not. I like to keep track of my karma because it usually correlates with a discussion below my more recent comments. Would it be possible to include both karma and avg. on the top bar or simply chose which one to display. I like the karma on top for 2 reasons: 1. When your karma goes up/down, it's a good indication that you might have replies to your most recent comments. 2. Karma seems to be updated not so frequently. I like the idea though of encouraging a good ratio vs total karma. While we're at it with the feature requests, why not add a down vote option to submitted stories? Wouldn't it help get a better signal-to-noise ratio in the "new" section? It would also prevent "throw spaghetti at the wall, and see what sticks" behavior. If this was debated in the past, I'd be curious to hear why it was not implemented. Controversial comments sometimes get down voted but other times get up voted as hell. I think on average, it's quite safe from a karma perspective to be controversial even though you have to take the occasional down votes. Clickable: http://VICI.tv Right on. If someone really wrote everything that crossed its mind, that person would end up in some kind of infinite feedback loop: "I'm tired writing." (write it down) "Ok, now I gotta stop writing." (write it down) "I wish I could stop thinking so I could stop writing." (write it down) "Ok, I'm stopping now." (write it down) "Let's try to do something impulsive next time without thinking." (write it down) "Yea, it worked! I stopped thinking... Oh sh..." (write it down), etc. There was a small cafe here in Montreal that used to sell legal highs but had to shut its doors due to pressures from law enforcement. I once tried Salvia Divinorum (which has no known negative side effects [1]) and I can testify it's definitely not a placebo as I first suspected with "legal highs". [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salvia_divinorum#Long_term Is it just me or that one doesn't seem much aesthetically challenged http://www.whitelabeldating.com/ubb/random/2.jpeg You're right that it's much more powerful than alcohol/pot but the truth is that it is legal in most countries and states. The "upside" is that its effects totally wear off after ~15 minutes and there are no known long term or addictive effects. What happened to http://www.pbworks.com design :/ ? IMHO, the last version was much better. Some unusual results: - 3rd best scripting language: Bash (who uses Bash for anything serious?) - Best Linux-Friendly Web Hosting Company: GoDaddy.com (isn't GoDaddy's core business domain names?) - 3rd best VCS: cvs (in front of Mercurial and Bazaar?) I definitely agree with some teachers being totally clueless. Some of them seem to have absolutely no experience nor interest in the industry. To illustrate, I am currently enrolled in a User Interface class and one of our main reference is this website from the 90s: http://www.usask.ca/education/coursework/skaalid/theory/theo... . Ok, some principles never change but come on, how do you expect us to take this seriously when most of us could design better websites at 12 years old. IMHO, the killer technology for smartphone keyboards would be touch screens that can get textured programmatically. For example, whenever the OS displays the keyboard, the screen would instantly create a slight bevel over each keys. I guess we're a few years away from seeing this though. Edit: seems like there are already some research in that direction ( http://www.technologyreview.fr/computing/26506/page1/ ) Out of curiosity, what are the pros/cons of moving from Ubuntu to Fedora? I'd like to try a new distribution as well. Up voted you because I agree that people who would really benefit this most likely don't have 500$ to spend. However, you're implying the 20k$ startups get from YC represents all the value derived from being a YC startup. If I ever apply to YC, it will be for press coverage, the YC network and sound advice. IMO, title should have been "Researcher calls the human brain, described as a computer, freakishly efficient". The original title makes it look like the author meant the brain is as much efficient as a computer. Why not crowd source it and add a down vote arrow for submissions? We could even disable the ability to submit for people with karma below X. Edit: Not sure why this is getting down voted, I proposed the exact same thing a few days ago and got 4 up votes ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1853851 ). Discrete Mathematics and its Applications by Rosen, Kenneth H. The most interesting math book I've read as a computer programmer. It covers graph theory, combinatorics, boolean algebra, trees, complexity theory, etc. I already knew a good chunk of this, but this book let me connect many dots and discover real life applications of mathematical concepts. You guys should stop reading and get something done already! Thanks for the clarification. I'm somewhat surprised though that people use the down vote when they disagree with something quite subjective. I usually down vote comments when they are factually wrong or out of place. I don't think it's a fair analogy. The expected value of a startup is higher than the expected value of a night of gambling in Las Vegas (otherwise, VCs would be at the roulette table right now). It would be pretty hard to prove my point mathematically, but most people will agree that the aggregate wealth generated by startups. including those who fail (negative wealth), is greater than 0, which is not the case with gambling. Edit: The poker analogy is already much better. I think you misunderstood me or, more likely, my argument wasn't clear. What I really meant was that the "money" generated by startups > "money" invested in startups. Which implies that on average a startup makes more money than it loses (expected value is positive). This is opposed to gambling against the casino where on average, you lose money. Up voted the story just so more people read your comment. This kind of "marketing-speak" focused on technical details is well too widespread. The project may be technical by nature but there's got to be a higher level way of describing it. My attempt at a more friendly description of S4 (based on my very limited understanding of it - please correct me if I'm wrong): When processing large amounts of streaming data, you have to process the data as fast as it comes in or else you can't keep up. You probably wonder: "Why not simply delay the processing of new data while the old data is being processed?". The problem lies in the fact we're dealing with a stream which always brings in new data. Eventually, the virtual line up of delayed data will occupy all available memory. A solution to this is to dispatch the data between multiple computers which can each independently process the data they receive and then send back the result of their processing to a central computer whose job is to put back the results together. Can't keep up with the stream? Simply add a new computer! That's more or less what S3 does. What's "Internal DNS access"? Host file access? I you don't get it I recommend watching the screencast http://www.infobytesec.com/demo/evilgrade.htm Wouldn't it be better if Node.js was based on Webkit (not only the V8 engine) so they don't have to reinvent the wheel for every HTML5 spec? Is it to encourage the idea that Javascript doesn't have to be tied to a browser environment? Would it be too complex to maintain? * Dell Studio XPS 16, 15.4" * Ubuntu 10.04 64-bit * Gnome-Do, Chrome (browsing), Firefox (web development), Git (version control), Aptana Studio (IDE), VirtualBox (virtualization), GrooveShark.com (music), DropBox (file-sharing), Skype For a more comprehensive list: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/72394/what-should-a-devel... Sometimes I feel like HN is really a world apart. Java/C/C++ are still top 3 according to TIOBE and yet, when do we ever hear of those on HN? Is it because most people on HN are web developers? Am I doing projection because I am myself a web developer? Otherwise, where the heck do those C/C++/Java developers hang out? I'm genuinely wondering. For a more comprehensive list: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/72394/what-should-a-devel... Why so cynic? Personally, I think it's great to see a major company recognize that salaries do matter. I dislike this common attitude in IT to think that money doesn't matter since we're working on cool stuff and can play the Wii on lunch breaks. Thanks for mentioning me in the post, was not necessary but appreciated nonetheless. That was quick. I wouldn't have thought so given that blue is the favorite color of most people[1]. [1] http://www.joehallock.com/edu/COM498/preferences.html I doubt there are 23,300 possible permutations. Moreover, I doubt a Googler wouldn't think of this classic before leaking his e-mail. Any other theory? Perhaps no one was fired and it's just link bait? Can't figure out which packet to send and in what format (hex? binary?) :( Update: Wow! Can't believe I actually spent 20 minutes with Wireshark trying to reply with the actual TCP packets that were next in the handshake sequence. Update 2: Finally solved it :) Pro-tip: keep it simple. I think I have found the solution but I'm not sure. How do I ask without giving it away on Twitter? Perhaps they feel it's going to open up competition to their console offering. If people start building cool PC games with the Kinect sensor, it might hurt Xbox sales. Just a theory. Right. At first sight, the video sent in by the Kinect looks like it could have been generated by a good computer vision algorithm. In other words, you are more likely to be in the top-grossing list if your app is not free. (sorry for bringing freemium fans back to reality) I dislike the term fanboy, but I admire Google for their contributions to open source and for not being afraid to tackle hard challenges that might not pay off immediately. Down voted for lacking a sense of humour. Seriously, why did you feel the need to explain at large that computers are deterministic when OP was clearly making a joke. (I know I'm probably going to get down voted myself but I had to vent off) It's a consequence of trying to minimize cognitive load[1]. Edit: Please let me know what's your bank! [1] http://www.usabilityfirst.com/glossary/cognitive-load/ Original post: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1863923 How about a HN gift exchange this Christmas? Anyone else would be in? This technique has been around for over 10 years. I believe the CSS trick was fixed in most browsers but the cache trick still works everywhere. Apparently it's based on the CSS history leak. HN killed RSS. I find it quite sad that those link bait / sensationalist articles get up voted on HN. I predict it will become a buzz-phrase in Startup Land within the next couple of months. Reminds me of this great article by Tim O'Reilly: http://radar.oreilly.com/2009/01/work-on-stuff-that-matters-... > I was more of an Emacs person Are there really any benefit of switching from Emacs to Vim? I was under the impression that both editors were pretty much interchangeable. Uh? I thought the purpose of splitting code between different files was simplicity . What about source control, concurrent team work, external libraries, etc.? I'll answer my own question: Catch Me If You Can (2002). It's basically the adventures of a very skilled social engineer. You seem to have figured out the pros/cons very well already. I'm going to be practical and suggest you take the job and save some money (assuming you don't have tons of it already). You will need to survive a few months without income if you're going to work on a startup. PS: Make sure you don't get too comfortable with your new job! Try to keep an inexpensive lifestyle or otherwise, you might never again get the courage to jump in startup land. Could anyone explain what is "dead code analysis"? Update: I still don't get why "the SunSpider math-cordic benchmark is very fast, presumably due to some sort of dead code analysis.". Didn't the author prove exactly the opposite by showing SunSpider is slower when adding dead code to the benchmark? Sorry for the noob question. Funny, I just came back from a 4 months stay in China. It was the best experience I had in many years. I just installed RoR on a clean Ubuntu install and it wasn't easy at all. First, I had to install rvm (Rails wouldn't install with Ubuntu's Ruby packages) which took some time to figure out. Then I tried installing Rails and got some problem related to sqlite3. I then figured out that I had to install the sqlite3-ruby gem. Of course it didn't work. I found out I had to install the libsqlite3-dev package. The whole process took a good 30-60min. - "Get a Mac!" - "Yeah I know." At least he has a sense of humor :D For reference documentation, I find this one great: http://railsapi.com/doc/rails-v3.0.1/ Care to explain the note? I've been working with Linux for many years (Ubuntu is my main desktop right now). Ubuntu's gem package simply isn't compatible with the latest version of Rails which means you have to install rvm and figure out lots of stuff. They could simply run them on Android and install a couple of apps. You wouldn't necessarily have to pay an extra if we cut down on public services and let people manage their money. I disagree. This system might in fact increase individual rights by letting people manage their money instead of letting the government do it for them. It could enable more privatization as no one could pretend they can't afford a given service. A lot of public services are in fact financed by tax payers so that the poor can have access to them. IMO, this could give us the best of both world: privatization and universal access. (ideally) http://organicgrant.posterous.com/winter-home I haven't used a homepage since browsers implemented the save tabs feature. Generalization ahead Java is mostly snubbed in web startup land and associated with boring corporate work. More discussion here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1378815 How come is the UI so responsive (much more than what I'm used to with remote X sessions)? Is it because both the app and the HTTP server run on the same machine? Why is it especially appropriate today? I'm grateful for the awesome community that HN is :) I usually gather information through those sites/techniques: - http://www.crunchbase.com - Google search "COMPANY alternative" - Twitter search "COMPANY" * Where COMPANY is either the company/product name. http://syskall.com/hn-crunch-greasemonkey-script-for-hacker-... I hardcoded the usernames in the PHP script. Seems like Twitter is "vulnerable" to U+00A0 tweets: http://twitter.com/#!/olivierll/status/7852651047817216 For those who are wondering, you can type Unicode codes directly from your keyboard (Ubuntu: Ctrl-Shift-u, other OS: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unicode_input ) For more details on the potential visual spoofs: http://unicode.org/reports/tr36/#visual_spoofing I asked a similar question here ( http://answers.onstartups.com/questions/5887/how-do-you-choo... ). Hope it can help. I get "olalonde does not appear to be a registered HN username". > Never, never, not in a million years, listen to a single word of advice uttered by someone who isn't happy with their life. Out of curiosity, are you happy with your life? :) Excellent list. I would also add: - A/B testing - OpenID/OAuth Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach by Stuart Russell and Peter Norvig. Not really a programming book though. Land of Lisp (.lol) There are entire books on the subject [1]. If you don't have a programming background, I suggest you let someone you trust do it for you. [1] http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Dap... PR stunt maybe? I would add a "Discrete Math" row under Computer Science. Of course you can manage without it but it's true for other items as well. > // Scheme Interpreter in 90 lines of C++ (not counting lines after the first 90). It's actually 333 lines. How about coining it "cargo cult captcha"[1] :) It seems there are lots of futile CAPTCHAs popping out these days. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cargo_cult I still don't get why anyone would want to use this service. First, if you've had an e-mail for long enough, chances are you are already getting spammed like hell. Second, if you really really wanted to keep your e-mail free from spam, you would use a truly unbreakable captcha. IMHO, the only viable solution to spam nowadays is filtering - not prevention. Why get so defensive? PG was merely stating a fact. I once had an interviewer suddenly ask me if I liked beer. My first reaction was to quickly guess what kind of answer he was looking for. Obviously, his goal was that to see if I was being honest or just trying to give the right answers. Anyways, I told him I liked beer :) The only one I really miss on Chrome is Firebug. I'm tempted to believe there might be a bright future for data startups[1]. [1] http://radar.oreilly.com/2010/10/strata-week-building-data-s... Looks like Ubuntu is mostly hiring remote workers http://webapps.ubuntu.com/employment/ I'd be looking for a Javascript/iOS/Android (at least one of those) ninja to help me finish a cool location + map based app. I've got a very dirty but working prototype. It's something that doesn't exist right now and that I believe people would be willing to pay for. I estimate ~150 hours left to a shippable MVC. I'm located in Montreal but I don't really mind where you're located at this point. Also, I would add that those job listings haven't much changed in months. They are possibly just collecting CVs. Great advice :) I'd be curious to see HN's stats. Wow, that's a great way to get your API integrated all over the place. Win-win for the company and developers. Another link bait headline from Wired. Recall "The Web Is Dead"? http://www.wired.com/magazine/2010/08/ff_webrip/all/1 Music piracy is not over.[1] [1] http://thepiratebay.org/top/101 Most theories[1] agree to say that replicating life predates DNA. Wouldn't that mean that we could still have a common ancestor with this life form? [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abiogenesis#Other_models I second, but that's what the first article posted on HN seemed to suggest. http://skymania.com/wp/2010/11/alien-life-form-is-here-on-ea... Check out http://www.boonex.com , they have a pretty much real time forum. I don't get why Google doesn't simply clone Groupon. The barrier to entry seems very low and I can't imagine how they couldn't replicate their business for 5B$. You know what's cooler than six billion dollars? Nothing, you idiots, take the money.[1] [1] http://twitter.com/#!/DavidKaneda/status/10857535430983680 I find your lack of faith disturbing. - http://blotbot.co/#7222df47 More like rhinoceroses :D http://blotbot.co/#28622622 Web hosting for your clients can be an easy way to generate some passive income. If I'm correct, it's interesting because the transition is done without using a URL fragment ( http://url/#fragment ). Awesome tag line: "any sufficiently advanced hobby is indistinguishable from a job". Doesn't work in China. What a horrible domain name. I was a bit curious what exactly this "system load" was. Turns out it's a ratio between the time the browser takes to draw the particles and the frequency at which it is supposed which to draw. this.tick_duration = 25; .... this.now = new Date().getTime(); // Drawing... this.time_to_paint = (new Date().getTime()) - this.now; this.load = Math.round((this.time_to_paint / this.tick_duration) * 100); I'm somewhat surprised this is getting so many up votes. Maybe am I missing some context? I'd rather code with a pen and paper than on an iPad! I read it and understand it isn't really an anti-gay article. It's a thoughtful and very well written fictional story. What I don't get is why it is getting up voted. I am doubtful it really gratifies one's intellectual curiosity . IMHO, HN is just not the right place to share that kind of content. French: Programmation Orientée Objet Extremely buggy on Ubuntu/Chrome. First time I hear of "frenemy". They are used in many more situations. A lot of problems can be reduced[1] to or contain a sorting problem. The same cannot be said about font rendering algorithms. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reduction_(complexity) You are right in the sense that there is no formal definition for what makes an algorithm fundamental (AFAIK - I am no expert on the matter). However, the general consensus seems to be that since a large number of problems make use of or can be reduced to a sorting problem, it is more fundamental than font rendering which solves exactly one problem. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if font rendering algorithms use sorting in some way. Why is this getting up voted? > On-Topic: Anything that good hackers would find interesting. I don't think any hacker would seriously consider coding on a touch based interface. > If the original title begins with a number or number + gratuitous adjective, we'd appreciate it if you'd crop it. See title. > An elevated reading level is not necessarily a sign of more thoughtful or insightful comments. It could just be contrived banality disguised as conceptual depth. Put simply, high reading level doesn't mean good content. (trying to prove your point :D) I would even argue that having a bad UI is a feature of HN in the sense that it is a deterrent to trolls and other such Internet creatures. Trolls need an audience to survive. Does HN superficially look like a popular website? No. It lives on a subdomain and the official way to get here is by clicking a tiny footer link on YC's website. And let's face it, the design is pretty ugly too by many standards. To realize there's a vibrant community here, you have to get passed those "deterrents". This selects for individuals who are truly concerned about great content and intelligent discussion rather than great design or sensationalism which leaves the trolls at the door. Maybe Google's algorithm categorizes made up words as intermediate? :D You guys are not really helping. Seems like it includes "nofollow" links. Anyone how they got access to their Campfire account? (That's where they found the server passwords) More accurately, it gives the reading level of all discussions in which you commented. > Of these users one is registered under a .gov email address, 3 are from a .mil addres and 52 are from .edu addresses. Hope they were just throw away accounts. For those who might be wondering, this is in reference to the hacker group who recently hacked Gawker.