I remember trying to install and run this 2 years ago. I checked up on it from time to time, but since it seemed dead I stopped following it(although there seems to be code edit that was an hour ago[1]). [1] http://svn.gna.org/viewcvs/etoile/ I think some of this speculation that this man is some cunning, super-intelligent villain gives him, an average human being, too much credit. Honestly, these "theories" are too outlandish to really be about the actions of a mere human being. What is honestly more believable, that he is some "super PR genius" or, perhaps, just had more than he could handle? I was going to suggest I do the same thing. Well, just upload it somewhere for someone else to find...accidentally, you know. I once had a physics professor (who I admittedly was not too close to) who loved mathematica and is quite the evangelist for the tool at my old school. However, he once met Stephen Wolfram and didn't feel that he had "a high opinion" of my professor. Regardless of his ego, he has somewhat earned the bragging rights given that he is responsible for mathematica and wolfram-alpha. I'm eating (cereal though, no meat) and I'm not sure I can continue. Whenever a "New Study Confirms" something, we need to relax for a moment before we throw off the signs and proclaim that we've always been at war with Eastasia. I remember a group that claimed that an experiment had found that some tracked neutrinos had violated special relativity[1], one of the pillars of modern physics, and I too remember the excitement that developed afterwards only to dry up when it was found a faulty fiber optic connection was to blame. It's not like the benefits of breast-feeding is some pillar of modern medicine, but when just one study is accepted to a journal (and I'm sure there are others), it hardly merits a complete rewrite of medical textbooks. Remember, the important thing in science is _consensus_. As far as I can tell, the consensus is that breast-feeding is more beneficial for newborns. So for now, let's trust what the majority of doctors and health professionals have to say. Now, with regards to the article, it offers very damn strong evidence against this hypothesis, especially the controlling for different parents. It would be interesting to see in a couple of years if more studies corroborate the conclusion of no net benefit to breast feeding. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faster-than-light_neutrino_anom... As a grad student in physics, I'd vote for the inclusion of the Dirac equation or Klein-Gordon (can't put the whole standard model in there) and may be the Einstein Field Equations. Other than that, I agree with most of the list. I haven't heard good things about Black and Scholes, though. EDIT: Oh, and I thought of another. No doubt: [X,P] = i h/2pi Definitely more important than Schrodinger. One could argue that with i^2=-1 and the taylor expansion of sine and cosine and the exponential, one get's that. Those are the sourceless Maxwell Equations I'm assuming in vacuum. The divergence of H isn't zero either (divergence of magnetic field strength is) unless the magnetization is divergence-less. For the reasons you said, I don't think that this is a general algorithm they are teaching. May be it is a stepping stone to get to understanding of what division means first and then they'll teach them long division. Clearly this is an inefficient method for larger numbers, so I don't see how this can be expected to be useful as a go-to algorithm for calculating division. Read the GP's link. You'll see that the COMMON core (despite its name) does not quite do that. It is up to the states and I think even local districts to decide how to implement it. The idea is that a common core is to set up ideas that every student should learn (that's the COMMON part), not _how_ they should learn it. That's a bit of interpolation there. I will admit that we are given very little to work on, just a piece of paper with the algo partially done on it by a child... I'm assuming you think that because of the "10x8" on the side and it could be easily "20x8". It looks like they are teaching it by places, and the 10x_ represents the order of magnitude that is currently being operated, and she was to see how many "8"'s in that magnitude are in the number. That was my assumption, at least. I actually didn't catch that! That's hilarious. I mean, it would seem easier to steal the cargo at the airport before it got on the plane, just bribe a few ground workers, I guess. Steal some passports, hijack, then divert the plane just for cargo? It wasn't the cargo; the only reason to hijack the plane would be either the people or the plane or both. Or, it was an accident. I have to pay self employment tax since I'm a graduate fellow, so I have a larger amount in my bank account than I own. My vote reflects the money I own. Curious, if you don't mind. Are you under $1000 because you have money elsewhere, or is it for more upsetting reasons? I tend to be more liberal in my politics, but I don't think people making "too much money" are a problem. That sounds like envy, to be honest. The problem in America represented by this poll aren't the ~40 people who upvoted >$150k but that the sheer majority have [1] http://money.cnn.com/2013/06/24/pf/emergency-savings/index.h... The gp is implying that they are jealous of a 14 year old. Anyone from Taiwan care to comment?(I'm sure someone from there frequents HN) While I applaud the effort, the only issue here is the sample is restricted only to "Googlers." That's a bit of bias for their sample already. Google is hardly an average company, so the results they glean from their employees might not generalize as well. These guys are assholes, but the issue remains a huge problem. I just hope people can see through the idiots to see that the issue that they are complaining about is real. I starting playing around when I was 14. Now I'm 24. Wow, how time flies. Of course, I have nothing on some of you old timers. That was enjoyable. Save some of the odd "nothingness" talk, it was a fantastic demonstration of the freaking scale that cosmological physics takes. Think, and people have modeled these scales so well, it's hard to freaking believe. One of the relevant issues here is that the top colleges have are essentially a better bet wrt prestige vs. other colleges. The fact that the college educated adult in the US is not as capable as the average college educated adult in a developed country world-wide (in OECD countries, see[1]) to me tells me how there is some truth to this perception. There is no denying that a physicist from Harvard is far above the average in the world, the problem is that if you're not from Harvard, statistics like these seem to imply that you aren't even prepared to be average. The problem here is that the Ivys suck up all the intelligent people and professors and the rest of us are left with less bright people (bright no doubt, but not "Ivy" material). Unless you can make it into the club, you won't be as prepared as your smarter and/or luckier peers. The problem is that we in the US are doing fantastic in raising up the best of us (those who get into Harvard) but the average has obviously fucking languished. Personally, one way I think we can help at least somewhat is for government not to exclusively fund only these Ivys, but to cut off some for the rest of us (you know, judge research by its merit). Other than that, I'm at a loss for ideas It wouldn't be too bad to not go to Harvard if the local state uni wasn't that much worse. [1] http://www.oecd.org/statistics/datalab/skills-outlook.htm Not sure why I was downrated. A rebuttal would be nice. I am often amazed by how much freedom a lot of people here have. I'm a graduate student in physics after betraying my first love in programming because I thought I would end up in a 9 to 5 dead end hacking job, I never heard of this whole "freelance" and start-up scene, otherwise, I would have done that. I'm happy for you and you should feel very blessed to have the options you have. That just isn't an option for so many of us. You know sir, as fun as Jackson problems are and as exciting modelling plasma sounds, I've been thinking of doing other things... Thanks for the implicit encouragement. I think the issue I often see here is that both sides have a one sided sense of exactly how many people "want" to live on the street and don't. Either they're all lazy or they're all victims of the system. This [1] perhaps helps illuminate the issue. We see that 66% have drug, alcohol, or mental health issues. That's a large fraction; about two in three homeless individuals have these issues. However, one in three is a significant fraction who don't. More upsetting is that 40% are veterans. So, I think it's fair to say that we have a slight edge on the interpretation that its "their fault" (although I am extrapolating a lot from a single number here). Still, one out of three individuals there out from nothing more than misfortune is just unacceptable, so I think something should be done. But clearly, what we are doing isn't enough; something more needs to be done. A lot of this can be alleviated by the other things, you know, fixing the rent problem, addressing the minimum wage, etc. In fact the article suggests a few fixes, like better public housing design. [1] http://www.statisticbrain.com/homelessness-stats/ I'm a graduate student in physics, so I'll reply with a physics perspective on this. Concerning modern physics (the quirky stuff like relativity and quantum mechanics), I would not say that any part of it has "disproven" any of the old concepts (which we collectively refer to as classical physics) since Newton. For example, special relativity does not "disprove" classical, non-relativistic mechanics. Newton's three laws are still valid, it's just that the old theory is not as general as we once thought it was (once you move close to the speed of light, things look different to you vs. how it looks for others). Of course, it goes without saying, what a theory fucking is is experiment. Special relativity, general relativity, quantum mechanics, QED, all these theories are theories because they gave predictions which were confirmed by experiment. Newton's laws, universal gravitation, these too have so much experimental backing so they are theory too, it's just that they are valid for non-relativistic, non-quantum systems. Just because you found that light bends around stars doesn't mean that all the basic experiments you did on the earth that didn't seem to show that bending 50 years ago were all a lie. Your old experiments were still valid! You just weren't looking at a scale where such effects were important: those mirrors and lenses didn't have enough mass to make the light bend enough for you to measure it (the deviations were but small fractions of the markings on your ruler) so you simply didn't see such effects. When you do look at that scales*, however, you'll see divergence from theory, and thus the cycle repeats, and the boundaries of understanding are pushed forward. We never forgot the old theory, we just find where it fails and how it really was only correct for a smaller scale than we thought it was. Think about science as the old explorers of Columbus' day; they had a very small view of the world, but as they explored, they found that they could add new features to their maps. Nothing about their old maps of Europe had changed though! May be new technology had made the maps more refined, but discovering the West Indies didn't make Germany south of France! It's similar for science. Nothing about modern physics makes us doubt a lot of Newton's results, we just know he wasn't 100% correct. Color me surprised. I'm actually a buckeye where Mr. Wheeler hails from. This fact and after watching his speech a couple of months ago, perhaps that is why I gave him the benefit of the doubt. I guess I was wrong about him. I have a question for those more knowledgeable about this than me: compare this to recent EU [1] votes on net neutrality. What do you think, will this give European internet companies an advantage over ones here (specifically startups that don't have the big bucks to shell out to the large internet providers)? [1] http://gigaom.com/2014/04/03/european-parliament-passes-stro... Well, this is not quite equivalent, but consider mobile platforms. Streaming makes much more sense there given the tighter storage constraints. Are the lawsuits the only difficulty? Is precedent so important for something like the FCC? I can imagine it, I guess. I'm asking out of curiousity. The fact that these names are considered "similar" to such names ("Juan Gonzales, but "Claire Smith" too?) are shady but "Brad Anderson" and "Steven Smith" are worth responding too basically demonstrates the authors' point. Edit: Before I'm further downflagged by people who haven't at least skimmed the paper, I should point out that I'm referring to the actual names used in the study, I'm not being racist myself. Depressing, but interesting. I find it interesting that even before you have a life, you start out with hope. What does that mean, I wonder? Hope of your parents? Society (for that "someone" who will make a difference)? There once was a graduate level electrodynamics homework assignment that I waited* until 5-6 hours before the due time to start (it was due at 11:59 PM). An hour until, I found it so difficult that I gave up and decided to turn it in late. So, I left the physics building and walked to a 24 hour coffee shop for coffee, and as I walked, I thought about a particular problem, flipping the system around in my head. I then came across the solution midwalk. Of course, at that point, it was too late to finish it and submit it on time, but it shows how taking time to step back and relax can be conducive to thought as opposed to sharp focus. I find that focus is important when I already know what to do (I just have to just code it or I have to just calculate it) as opposed to _figuring_out_ what to do. *I didn't wait until then out of negligence, I had enrolled in too many classes last semester and it became close to what I could handle. I still don't see how a book with text's "realness" helps. I don't see how flat paper with ink printings is "tactile" enough and not in fact just as abstract as any method of digesting information second or third hand (at a computer terminal, reading a newspaper, attending a lecture, etc.) vs. our evolution's first method of information gathering: experience; you know, going outside, feeling a rock, finding your way through town and mapping it out in your head... I'm 24, but I still remember before the internet became what it is today and even then, reading was considered "boring" by everyone other than nerds because, surprise! it was a pretty abstract activity. I think the real factor is the preference for paper and the learned habits with reading on it. People simply have learned first to "deep read" with books, so they read/learn easier since they can tap those already familiar (perhaps subconcious) habits without having to figure out new ones. Unfortunately, phone and tablet screens are associated with mindless or at least light reading and aversion, not deep cognition, so perhaps that's why there is some observed deficit in reading on them. Still, I'm going to accept the "science is not quite settled" part of the article. Obviously there is some deficit ninnsome cases but we don't know why. In this case the energy that goes into creating the e+e- pairs far outweighs the energy you get out. For example, given that this is Quantum Mechanics, there is a non-zero but not necessarily close to one probability of creating a pair from a given pair of photons. One could imagine the other light that didn't interact would just escape to the environment. You can conceptualize this as an photon produced to pair created efficiency, and I don't see it for any reason being very big. Then again, I'm not sure I understand the experiment, for example, I'm not sure how a blackbody spectrum helps in the breit-wheeler process. I think that the light colliding at a perpendicular incidence helps, but other than that, I can't see how the spectrum of radiation matters...like how is using a blackbody spectrum is better than, say, a monochromatic laser? I think I'd have to look at the paper once it gets out. I don't think the idea is to accelerate electrons. It is to produce e+e- pairs. I think the thing that distresses me the most is that any attempt that has been made to alleviate the situation (like the common core) has been stamped "big government" by people who seem to _not_ understand the urgency of this situation. I'm out of ideas. What do we do? EDIT: added a not. Wow did that change what I meant to say. The whole point of the common core, from my understanding was to be vague enough to let local governments decide how best to implement it. They were trying to avoid "one size fits all." Having everyone in the same page with regards to an overall standard seems good in my book. I think the interesting thing was even middle class kids demonstrated poor performance too. The problem us spread wider across the distribution rather than abysmal performance by a minority such so that it pulled down the average (to me, that never really made sense in my intuition). It depends on when you start to force it down their throats :) The earlier in their education that they are pushed to reason more rigorously (again, within reason) the easier it will be for them to accept mire rigorous education earlier. Still, I really agree with you though that a cultural shift will be best, but I'm not sure how this ever will happen. I think it is very much worth caring where the average is. This average person will grow up to become a voter and taxpayer and we need intelligent citizens to vote in competent representatives. Philosopher kings never happened, otherwise, just making sure the smartest get smarter would be okay; we have a democracy and the only way to make it work is to have informed citizens. Supposedly a listing of accidental commits of the text ":wq" and variants where the coder really meant to save the file in vim and quit. One strange possibility this may imply is that some people still untouched by the modern world are really not conscious and introspective. What a weird proposition. Also, those of us who do not share direct ancestry with modern cultures (I am a pacific islander), our cultures would possibly not have had consciousness until our contact with outsiders...for my culture, that would be around the late 1700s. Our oral history does talk about gods, demigods and such. Looking back at most of the oral legends, they tend to be about the gods and mythical events that teach us morals. I think there was one story that might show introspection (a god child who was found in the woods and was raised by human parents) although something like true higher order thinking? I'm not sure, I'd have to think a bit. Still, it's such an interesting idea. Perhaps that is one way to test the hypothesis, comparing notes with first contacts with indigenous, uncontacted peoples. I guess I might be an amoral degenerate, because I found the beginning rather funny. As long as these are consenting adults (save the creepy touching on that one date), what's wrong? I think it was on second thought that I found the whole idea a bit strange, all of this money spent just to give a few tech men dates? This is just pure awesome. It is so awesome, that I was jealous of the author for not being able to do this first, I almost didn't upvote it out of that jealously--it's that good. Keep up the good work! (I'm working on hacking together sims myself but for a larger project--I'm part of a computation group at some state uni modeling HED plasmas.) The original sentence most likely contained the words "reflecting the demographics of the country." >math is careening towards you and you should brace for impact Hilarious, another great article from Mr. Kun. I'm surprised no one has suggested this yet. In python >Write a program that seemingly adds the numbers 2 and 2 a=2+2 >and outputs 5. print(5) Yeah, I know that isn't the intent here, but, following the wording of the contest rules exactly... I think it was shared for its historical interest. While the gist of unix presented here is the same as the unix we know today, obviously many things have changed since the 1980s. I certainly didn't know about it. I had the exact same issue with argparse as the video on the page showed, I always had to look of the documentation to use it or copy and paste it from old scripts to get it to work. This is soo much better, I don't think I'll use argparse again. I'm not sure if this is related, but my father told me about something similar. My father is from and lives now in Palau [1], and the typical internet connection there has a download speed of something like 20 kbps. My dad said something about a company deploying satellites seeking to service unconnected or poorly connected regions, and Palau wanted in. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palau Right. I don't think I've heard of makewords or 'p' to print out a file, although gnu obviously has its substitutes ;) I was going to mention that. I could recognize Dennis Ritchie, Brian Kernighan, and Ken Thompson, but I have never heard of Lorinda Cherry [1]. Apparently, I should have, because she essentially inspired gnu plot utils, which must have had some influence on future plot utilities(?) [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorinda_Cherry edit: made a correction, oops You witness what happens when there is only one ISP with no competition (PNCC provides palaunet). A little example at a different scale of what could happen if comcast and time warner were to merge :) >I just wish they would give high-speeds at the last mile and ship in multi-TB drives for local access, while rate-limiting international (satellite uplink) access based on how much one pays. This idea has been around so long but no one has tried to actually tried to do something like this. Moreover, there isn't a lot of "local access" that I know since there arent't many websites on the island to begin with. Something like a local email service would make sense; palaunet's email service is so bad that people rather use services here in the US like gmail. The funny thing is that PNCC and the Palau government had a chance to tap into AAG[1] when it was laid in the 2000s but Palau opted out of it because they thought it wasn't worth the investment. What a mistake... [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AAG_%28cable_system%29 Right you are, made an edit. It physically is the only method, as this is an isolated island in the pacific. As I mentioned in a reply to another person in this thread, there was a chance to tap into one of a fiber optic cable that was being laid nearby, but the monopoly corp that provides the internet service decided not to invest in it. Yeah, the wm didn't look that great by modern standards. However, the whole underlying idea is pretty compelling. I'd like to see something like plan9 or inferno retrofitted with a more modern interface, loaded with modern tools and, yes, being built around a more modern language. Nonetheless, I might try a vm of plan9, for fun. Usually, requiring that the state vector in a quantum theory be invariant under a unitary transformation require other fields (what we call gauge fields) be added that end up being representing physical interactions. For example, consider the state vector |y>. The norm is invariant under local U(1) transformations |y> -> e^(-I* T(x,t))|y> For -> = = . (local, as in a function of space-time, is key). Write the state as |y>=v|0> where v is some operator, then saying is invariant is like saying v* v is invariant when v -> v e^(-I* T(x,t)). In physics, a term ~v* v would represent the potential energy of a spring. To represent the kinetic energy of a spring, we need a term like (d^{\mu}v* )d_{\mu}v where the d_{\mu} represent derivatives w.r.t. space and time (\mu is an index which runs from 0 to 3, 1,2,3 are x,y,z, 0 is time). Here, the U(1) transformation does not leave this term valid, because the derivative acts on the e^(-I T(x,t)) too... However, if one were to make the replacement d^{\mu} -> d^{\mu} - I e A^{\mu}(x,t) where when v -> v e^(-I* T(x,t)) we have that A^{\mu} -> A^{\mu} - d^{\mu} T(x,t) one can show (this doesn't have to be obvious!) that then the Lagrangian ~(D^{\mu}v)* D_{\mu}v - v* v (where D is the new "covariant derivative" we described above) is now invariant under local U(1) transformations. It turns out that this Lagrangian, completely written out, looks a lot like classical electromagnetism, and it is, and A^{\mu} is the "4-vector potential". In fact, A^0 represents the good old electric potential V that I'm sure you nerds are quite familiar with. I'm not sure how enlightening that was, but at least you've seen the start of QED :) Now, for this "monster group" ... from here [0] it seems that apparently, gravity in 2+1 dimensions seems dual to this particular group, that is, take the quantum state with that operator |y>=v|0> (v is what we call a creation operator in QFT, it "creates" particles mathematically; in string theory, it creates "vibrations on the string") that under monster group transforms, apparently whatever Lagrangian Witten made out of the v's in conformal field theory (something I should note is not my field, so I may be off here) the gauge group that might be needed would represent gravity. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monstrous_moonshine#Conjectured... I think my argument is that we will find new things to store on our PC's similar to how we found new stuff to store on our PC's from the 90s till now. I guess it is hard to imagine, but let's dream a bit...one ridiculous possibility that I've thought about is consider something like google glass. Imagine recording every moment of your day from your smart phone, and not just when you wake up. Why would you do this? Well, may be there for little things like having a meeting with someone and you want to remember details without writing it down. Why take the time to record it manually when you have the ability to do it in HD, for cheap? Again, this is hard to imagine wanting to do especially for privacy reasons, but were things like facebook and twitter easy to imagine in the 80s? As things things have changed, so have social norms...I'm not saying this is a good or bad thing, I'm just stating an observation. So, I happen to not have any HD vids on my laptop at the moment, but I have a normal video on my laptop that is 10 minutes long that is 70 MB. For something like recording video for 10 hours say, that's 6 * 70 * 10~4GB. So, yeah that's about 250 days (little less than a year) on your smart phone at 1 TB ignoring all other things (full seasons of vids of shows, as another commenter mentioned, stuff like raw gps data that could be added to the video, other things), so may be it isn't quite reaching the limit but it's a good example for how as we have more space for stuff, it is possible to imagine finding more things to fill your smartphone's new TB of storage with. As in shuffing around our terabytes of "illicit" storage by hiding terabyte thumbdrives in our sneakers? I wasn't referring to technical aspects, I was referring to social aspects. I'll admit I wasn't born in the 80's, but even when I was a kid in the 90's, I couldn't imagine sharing my day-to-day interactions with 100's of people. In the Foyer...there's ET??? EDIT: Screencap: http://postimg.org/image/6gggn4rsz/ EDIT 2: Btw, I love it. I'm having fun trying to get to the lower decks. Am I missing something? How does comparing GDP to obesity rates give any evidence that it is female hormones specifically that correlate with obesity? I'll admit I've only read the abstract and looked at the figures but I'm still lost how A gets to B here... My field of study and my experience is not in medicine or public health, but GDP vs. obesity rates seems like poor evidence for this particular hypothesis. For example, one hypothesis I can think about that explains this is that in developing countries, it could be possible that women are often homemakers, and therefore, they don't have as much physical exercise as their male peers. In developed countries, where women are more free to work, the obesity rates are comparable... I mean, I don't see a slam dunk "See, it's female hormones!" There could be a number of things from culture to lifestyle choices to work-life balance that can have affect on obesity that might correlate with GDP. They should have at least controlled against that, and I see no evidence of it. The correlation itself is interesting, even without the female hormones. Right, I personally can't get past the foyer. Just to point out, the last two sound like it's due to the current implementation (compiler) being new, so it isn't so upsetting at all. Now, not supporting functors is odd, though. Intriguing, apparently the majority of people access HN from school!? I thought us students were a minority here. It's also odd that India ranks so highly for slashdot...it's been a running meme there to remind posters not to keep a US only perspective. Dreaming big is good, but may be that goal is off by an order of magnitude or two? For comparison, just look at [1]. I'm not discouraging, but what startup even has the potential to hope to employ even 100000 individuals within the next 10 years? [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_employers_in_th... "Why is fortran so fast" reminded me of this [1] [1] http://unriskinsight.blogspot.com/2014/06/fast-functional-go... No offence, but you calling the STL "total crap" can lend others to claim you haven't given the STL a serious try as well. A related stackexchange question on critisms of the STL [1] [1] http://gamedev.stackexchange.com/questions/268/stl-for-games... Question, how do you over multiple long lists (in python 2) especially if zip itself takes a long time to zip them, for example. Awesome! I knew there was some lazy zip-ish thing for python 2. I personally hate using range(len(foo)) as anyone else. Fix the url. It might have to do with some of the comments posted here. Wow, I'm actually below the median...and I thought that I lived well. I'd be interested to see data from other countries. I'm trying to make the same decision you are. The thinking goes that yes, at least a MS is something for the two years you will have spent there and you can demand a higher salary with a MS over a BS. W.r.t. being suspicious, who cares? Tell them outright your plans, and if they have any sense of decency, they will support you anyway. Ffs stop with this! s (center of mass energy squared) does not need to get larger if what matters is statistics! Things like rep rate and number per second are more interesting quantities to improce, imho. The future I want to see are smaller accelerators driven by things like laser and plasma acceleration. We don't need another LHC. You apparently were flagged by a theoretical physicist. A lot of "physicists" nowadays forget that we're supposed to be scientists, not dreamers. Dreams are nice, but experiment and observations valid theory. I agree. Unless this has some modifications to the current model of the big bang which leads to _observable_effects_ , I don't know if this theory could even be validated as...well theory. I use the definition for theory as a hypothesis that has received sufficient experimental validation. So, by definition, many of the frontier quantum-gravity stuff doesn't fit this, unfortunately as compelling and fascinating as they are. Again, I'm just agreeing with what s/he said, that unless we have experiment/observation, we don't know whether this really describes our universe's origins and/or evolution. While I do not want to distract from your main point, I think it is important to discriminate knowledge from rote memorization. Memorization and understanding are _not_ mutually exclusive, in fact, if you don't memorize/know anything, you don't have anything to work your understanding on. I am a graduate student in Physics, and admittedly not in Caltech or one of it's peers, but I find that "memorization" (or, as I would put it, familiarity) is very important for understanding. I can't spend my time looking up formulae, I have to be able to just pull it out, or visualize it, at least. As the content I work with becomes more complex, I need to have more and more of the things I'm working on as part of my knowledge, ie., I need to memorize. If it isn't in my head, how can I put it all together? I used to think I could get by without committing much to memory, but I find that I am more efficient if I add more to memory than I was willing to in undergrad. Nonetheless, you are right to persecute those who emphasize memorization over understanding, formula plugging over understanding what a formula means because that seems to be the direction of education that is most threatening nowadays. And yes, memorization is easier than understanding. It seems like one of the articles where the lead sentence should really have a link to a recorded pronunciation, especially on the english wikipedia. Not to act too serious about nicks here, but his/er handle is "C--", after all. Freaking hilarious. You brightened my day sir. I am an outsider who is starting to touch javascript but I have my history in scripting and numerical sims. Is all this stuff about node.js really something revolutionary or is it hype? "Drone Warfare Guru and Alligator Enthusiast" I think it's about time I jump on the js bandwagon then. To be honest, I read your comment as sarcastic. I'd add that emotion cannot be uncoupled from some policy decisions. A wonderful example is gay marriage. There is no "data" one can fit to decide whether it is right or wrong to permit/recognize as valid. If all US states decided to legalize gay marriage or ban it, there is no way anyone could decide whether it was a "net benefit" to society, mostly because homosexuals are a minority of the population. The rights of any minority, granted they are small enough to be but a ringing ontop of your signal, it shouldn't matter if you are just thinking like a utilitarian. So, from whence comes individual rights? The usual argument is, "imagine if that were you!"--that's empathy. More seriously, we guarantee individual rights for others because that means we have them for ourselves. This leads to my second point: I think the reason empathy even is a thing is that we are inherently selfish, and for anything to be really done for the "greater good" individuals need to either have a stake in that greater good or they need to trick their selfish selves into thinking they are actually in that situation too, which, again is empathy. Empathy works for the most part. It sounds like the author is trying to fix something that isn't broken. I'd say the current problems in Washington are in fact a lack of both listening to data _and_ a lack of empathy. I think more empathy would be beneficial, not detrimental. This is freaking cool by itself, but the video gave me an interesting idea: what if you used this as an IDE for coding in general? You wouldn't need to have multiple monitors, you'd have 360 degrees of stuff to look at. Then again, the idea of being cut off from the outside world with only your code to look at might be a less salient idea, so why not put a camera on this thing, then you could have "projected windows", basically like the holographic interface of tony stark without the holograms. I personally think that would be pretty cool. As a true nerd, the way I want the future to be would like in star trek; take a person like Picard in the 24th century, with their all-knowing computer a voice command and their replicators and their ease of transport via the transporter, but strand him on a desert planet, he's able to figure shit out, improvise, and survive. Technology is just an augment to the good life and an augment for good people. Lazy people being lazy with technology or otherwise have existed in the past as they do today, I haven't seen _convincing_ evidence that modern tech increases the numbers of lazy,incompetent people. I'm not sure what he means by "flow of time" but I don't think he meant what you argued against. I think he's arguing against the notion that time is like some sort of continuum like a river, or like an axis on a map. As someone who has been thinking of leaving physics graduate school (and I've been "running" simulations of plasmas too), this is somewhat encouraging. So it turns out I love espresso, but I don't drink alcohol. Does that put me in the "freak of nature" category? So, what do we do? From one graduate student to another, do we decide to keep sucking toes and complain about it later or do we actually do something about it? A lot of comments have already been posted here, so it's most likely the case that this won't be seen, but I feel like sharing. One of my problems about complaints for "diversity" is that for many people, it's usually "why isn't _my_ kind represented so I can hang out with them instead of X group?" Whites are happy to be with whites, blacks seems to be content mixing with blacks, latinos with latinos, asians with asians, etc. People only seem to complain when they are the only asian or the only black kid around, and they feel left out. Sure, that's normal to feel, but I don't see how having isolated equivalence classes makes any set of people "diverse" or any happier, save the people feel at home with their baramin. May be for me, I'm just so interested in other cultures and people that I (try to) make friends with all races and (more importantly) individuals. Or may be it's because I don't have a "kind" to mix with as elaborated below. In any case, the version of diversity that I want accepting and being friends with someone even when that person isn't like you. It means giving a chance to those who aren't like you, and may be finding common bonds that you both could share. It means being interested and respecting others viewpoints, while not necessarily changing your own. Hell, this covers not just race relations, but sexual orientation, gender, a host of other things, right? I'm a pacific islander and an "enrichment fellow" at some physics graduate program somewhere. Yes, that's code for a diversity/affirmative action fellowship, I suppose. I am a minority, but something that makes my experience different from others is that I didn't grow up with "my kind" because not many of "my kind" exist (probably around 100,000 in the world in order of magnitude). I grew up in Long Beach, CA surrounded by people of different backgrounds and races (mostly white, I guess), and went to a Catholic private school. In fact, I moved back to Palau [1] and hated it at first because I didn't fit in. It's probably because of this background that makes me really not understand the concept of race and especially identifying with it. Identifying with a culture or subculture makes some sense to me--I have bits of Palau and bits of US culture in my personality because I lived in both places--and that is as far as it matters to me, how much that affects your personality. I do in general find cultures interesting as anyone would, but in evaluating a person, I really only care about personality. [1] "Moved back to"? I like to think of it as my parents moved back and 8 year old me came along, I had never been in Palau before. I'm not sure how hiring a diverse team (only) will help. It seems like it will just create two different groups within the same company/workgroup that stick together and don't talk to one another. Sure, the minorities will feel more comfortable, but I think communication and acceptance between all parties will help overcome the "out of place" feeling in a much more enlightened way--a much more enlightened way instead of hiring people for your odd men/women out to hang out with instead of those _other_ people. Now, if hiring a diverse team forces the old team to start realizing their biases and become more accepting, that a great way to start to overcome those barriers, but I think the understanding is far more important than just having a higher percentage of people of other races. I discuss my opinion on this in my comment below. It sounds like you're asking whether "minds" are communicating or whether one mind is simply controlling the motor parts of another body. The latter makes me uncomfortable, but this is just another reminder that we are probably[1] machines after all. [1] I don't want to start a determinism/free will debate. I don't think I've actually seen any sort of debates on HN, but just in case. I had no idea Kip Thorne was a producer for this. For non-physicists, Thorne is one of the authors of _the_ general relativity book for graduates, _Gravitation_ [1]. It's this huge telephone book sized tome that was published in 1973, and while it has fallen behind the times with respect to experimental data included in it, it is still unparallelled in scope and depth today in covering Einstein's theory. I certainly enjoyed the movie, and I really loved the visualizations of a wormhole and of the large spinning black hole, things you usually have to imagine as a physicist without ever seeing with your eyes. [1] http://www.amazon.com/Gravitation-Physics-Series-Charles-Mis... At least give him credit for doing one right thing, I think that's fair. Which especially makes it better that he finally has done it. He deserves criticism and his motives deserve criticism, but I'm just happy that he decided to support it after all. While your concerns are valid and should be discussed, I don't think they warrant backing down from supporting what Obama calls for here and what we've generally been calling for, reclassifying ISPs under title II. I'm not aware that being under title II gives them a requirement (explicitly or implicitly) or an incentive[1] to filter "unlawful" content. I agree with GP that the issue of snooping is important but is an issue unrelated to net neutrality (other than that they both concern the internet). [1] That is, an incentive greater than the pressure they've received in the past from law enforcement/the NSA/the CIA already. Ironically, the fact they changed the rules speaks against your claim that Obama could easily instate who he wanted. In fact, from the article you posted, it gives a graph that shows that more filibusters have been filed in the previous three senates than have been in recent history. This [1] shows a breakdown that includes filibusters of nominations. To further refute your point, the appointment relevant to the discussion, Wheeler, assumed office after the rule change[2]. [1] http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2013/11/21/us/politics/se... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Wheeler While I've suspected that the "deep state" as you and your source calls it are "behind the scenes", Obama did come out in support of the intelligence community after the Snowden leaks, so he certainly did not oppose them completely. [1] While I'm happy Obama is supporting net neutrality, I don't find him blameless. [1] You didn't explicitly say that Obama really desired to reign in this "deep state," just that any attempt to do so would be difficult. If you did not mean that, I apologize. I bought one of these in 2009 or 2010. I've yet to see my $450 open pandora and I periodically get emails asking for more money because of "financial issues." I'm no businessman, but that whole thing seemed like a prime example of mis-management. If they've really made it past all those rough spots like that weird manufacturer in Texas, then hats off to them. It's entirely possibly my name and number in line were lost in the void and mistakes like that happen. If they're really still going, at least $450 went to the development of open source and open hardware, and I don't consider that a complete loss. Anything is better than knowing I contributed to vaporware. EDIT: Looks like ED is still going. Good luck to him. My worst HN comment was "Freaking Hilarious. You made my day, sir." I guess I'm back in Catholic grade school where "freak" was a strong word. I'm curious what this means for mono, then. >I know images of a bleak and soulless future rings more bells at the box office than visions of a verdant tech-enabled one. Interstellar, I'm hoping, re-inspires some of us to dream about science once again. I've been using emacs for years and I didn't know a few of these tricks! I've been meaning to dig deeper, and things like this site are a great way to whet my appetite. I've talked to Korean friends and they don't want reunification to happen, at least the younger generation do not. After living a life seeing nothing but hatred come from the other side as well as unprovoked attacks on innocent civilians, it's not surprising that that opinion exists. Certainly, the younger generation does not remember a unified Korea at all. It seems like the rest of the world wants them to reunite, but they don't want to. Thank you. That's a very refreshing comment to hear. I don't believe I really meant to say that South Koreans see the North as an enemy but I can see it being understandable that one would feel more lukewarm about being reunited with a group that seems to hate you so much. I think that's why I really appreciate you saying this, because you dream for peace while many see and experience strife. That's very admirable. Honestly, I personally think it would be almost romantic to see your country reunited. However, I'm not Korean, so I have no right to tell you reunion is right, or not right, and I'm concerned that sometimes, us as westerners seem to assume that this is best for this or that country, even when those in that country wish for something else. Either way, I wish you all the best. Perhaps then, the question is how much of the responsibility lies with the South after such a thing occurs. Would SK simply annex NK or would something like a joint/international humanitarian effort to help NK survive and may be start its own government be better? Honestly, I don't have any right to say one way or the other is right because I'm not even Korean, I just think that we in the west need to stop taking as a hypothesis that if NK collapses that it is SK's responsibility. I think it is up to the South Koreans to decide whether they want that, and not us [1]. [1] And yes, that's what this article is about, the government is preparing for this contingency, but as we in the west know, our government doesn't always do what we want. First of all, I thank you for responding and bringing statistics to this conversation. You are right that I seemed to have generalize what my friends said to all young Koreans, at least in the way I wrote it. I should have been more careful with what I said. I think the article you linked actually gives ammunition to my claim that as time passes and memories fade with them, reunification is becoming less popular. I mean, the headline ends with the clause: "dreams of unity fade into past for young South Koreans." One of the 20-somethings interviewed here opposes unification based on economic and financial grounds. As another poster commented, though, a majority still do support reunification. With respect to my saying the rest of the world wants them to reunite, I admit that was hyperbole. The reason I said it was that every single comment on this story so far started with the assumption that reunification was right and we want it to happen[1]. I think something closer to the truth is that a lot of us in the western world don't necessarily want to see reunification happen as much as we want the North Korean government to fail. Anyone who has heard about the famines and seen pictures of children dead in the street would want that. Reunification, of course, would be the "natural" step after that. However, it's ironic that for many South Koreans, they are simply indifferent, or outright opposed to the idea. So, I what I was pointing to was the fact that while a lot of us in the west seem to think reunification is the end goal, a significant number of Koreans, the actual people who we are discussing, do not favor it. I felt it was fair to point that out since the conversation at the time seemed to have hinged on the assumption that it was the right thing and the South Koreans themselves wants to go along with it. Somewhat related, but this [2] has always stuck with me. This video was aired back during the time when tensions were running high and CNN was ablaze with talk about Kim Jong-Un and the NK state-run media said this and that, etc. At that time, I was considering studying in SK for grad school, and the typical response involved some shock that I'd want to go to a warzone. It's ironic that in SK itself, people were much more interested in their pop culture, their daily lives, than the hatred spewing from up North that was littering our news articles here in the west. [1] So by "the rest of the world", I meant, "you all in the room", the kind of hyperbole you let out when you want to say a dissenting word against the common opinion. [2] http://www.cnn.com/video/data/2.0/video/international/2013/0... Ｑｕｉｔｅ ａ ｗａｙ ｔｏ ｍａｋｅ ｔｈｅ ｐｏｉｎｔ． For those of you who actually are interested in digging in, I have to warn you: ROOT is terrible, really terrible. It could have been designed much better. One fantastic example that irked me when I used it is its extensive use of global objects. It's been quite a while so I don't remember the exact details, but I recall trying to open a number of files and having that fail because the global file object wasn't properly changed. And note that this was from an example copied verbatim from the internet. I just did a quick look through my comp and I can't find the stuff I did then, but I really doubt it was something as simple as forgetting to close it or call its destructor. Perhaps part of the issue is that I'm used to programming with normal C++, so _their_ C++ was hard to get used to. For example ROOT expects you to create objects on the heap--I recall ROOT failing when you tried to allocate objects on the stack. Part of it might just be that, I'm used to fantastic, easy to use and well thought out libs like the STL. From what I understand, the data is owned by CERN and not open to the public. It has been said before, but it deserves mention, there are alternatives to Systemd out there, like OpenRC which has been around for a while, and other, newer projects like Uselessd. Of course, whether those other options will be as well supported and developed as systemd remains to be seen. I was hoping to hear some opinions from designers here on Free Font. I'm no graphic artist, but I personally always liked the typeface and thought it doesn't get nearly as much love and attention as the other libre/free types out there. As all of us who stand on the outside, it's hard for us to judge based on media reports. I've heard both reports about the various autopsies that make it sound either like Brown was reaching for the gun or wasn't. Honestly, especially given what happened to a 12 year old boy [0] today, I think we should consider we equipping police officers with cameras (or at least their cruisers with them) and require by law that they be recording always. [0] http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/11/24/clevela... I'm curious, how far into your academic career were you when you dropped out? Post-doc? Grad student? >I already knew how to program, but saw it as a drudge job -- easy but ultimately boring if you were doing it for someone else. Hmm, that sounds like grad school, to be honest. The difference is it is _hard_ and ultimately boring because you're doing it for someone else. >During the time that I was in school, the people who seemed to be doing the coolest things with computers were the physicists. Hmmm. My experience with "computational physics" is 1) Run the simulation, probably in 2D a) because the codes suck and are written by subpar programmers b) your analysis scripts are dumb and only work if you output everything, so your simulation spends most of its time in IO 2) Plot the outputs in matlab. Bullshit your way through understanding as if you understand it, write papers,make presentations, enjoy your pizza parties because that's all you have in your life. May be I just have a bad choice of groups to choose from. This is my opinion, though, so take it with a grain of salt. I'm curious what this fellow's experience after leaving was. One (might) pay off and benefit the world, or it may flop and you have to move onto your next one. One (might) be influential, or it may be relegated to the annals of some obscure journal, never to read or cared about. Still, there might be a pay off for one (monetary). The other buys your "academia points". The pay-off is a little more suspect on the academic's side, I think. A much more accurate statement is you might not get tenure if you're not high-impact, but you certainly won't if you aren't. Also, of course you are evaluated in anything in life, from the desk to the friendly get-together. The issue with academia has always been its ROI. You invest a lot into the academic life, your time, your youth, your energy, your mental state, all to graduate close to 30 make a salary some of the people you tutor make fresh out of college? All while working 50-60 hour weeks...it isn't quite the life. Perhaps being in a start-up requires such dedication too, but that can be seen a risk that can yield a great reward. For academe, there is no reward, save the "academic points." This [1] says it well. At least if you work hard and stress and have no life in the "real world", you'd have the chance of monetary compensation. Really, in academia, unless you are lucky enough to become a tenure prof, all you have is your pride that you understand something no else cares to. That, and the occasional free pizza and beer. [1] http://100rsns.blogspot.com/2010/10/25-academe-is-built-on-p... I say in the second sentence in that paragraph that it is unless you become a tenured professor that you have nothing but your pride. I recall a study once that indentified a university, tenured professor as the lowest stress to pay ratio job in existence. Of course, few in the academy can reach tenure-ship given the over-supply, so you most likely will toil as a post-doc for a long time in academia. And no, the jobs you are thinking of are certainly not just as unavailable. For fuck's sake man, the number of university positions in the US for my field, physics, is in the single thousands...universities themselves have 3000 jobs in total[0]. That's total number...and this is with 1700 PhD's awarded per year[1]. It looks a little better for you in compsci [2],[3], so may be you have a right to be more optimistic than me. Perhaps an important thing here is the area of study. Physics, IMO, is pretty bleak, especially for theorists. [0] http://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes192012.htm [1] http://www.aip.org/sites/default/files/statistics/rosters/ph... [2] http://www.bls.gov/oes/current/naics4_611300.htm#15-0000 [3] http://cra.org/uploads/documents/resources/crndocs/2013-Taul... I learned Julia in a week and implemented a EM test particle integrator in a couple of hours. Julia is fantastic, easy, and fast. Continuing this pedantry, one could argue s/he isn't claiming that what people _do_ be worth all the stars in the heaven, etc. This guy "getting a house in Montana" is him specifically rejecting that his worth is only his salary or position or career...even his pride. His sanity at least was worth it somewhat for him to take a sabbath to regain it. I guess the next question then is what is it we value in ourselves and how do wee determine it? That's a harder question. I for one am tired of people ripping the medium, whether it be cellphones or instagram or the internet, people need to realize that it's the message, not the medium. Wait, OP said that. Ironically, that very statement is a fantastic counterargument to everything s/he says. Saying that the internet is unreliable is like saying books are unreliable. It's such a general statement that it can't be taken seriously. I'm curious, when does this ever happen? College? After college in an internship? A dream with a flaming pie? I was thinking of a sort of violent version of _Up_, in which Carl launches his house by shooting an assortment of machine guns attached to the bottom his house to propel it upwards instead of using balloons. "Usmanov hailed Watson one of the greatest biologists in the history of mankind." Does anyone have a link to a longer statement from Usmanov? So, I thought serotonin was basically the "happiness" hormone. Wouldn't inhibiting serotonin have side-effects like making them feel depressed or at least less happy? Can any biologists comment? EDIT: as a replier mentioned, it's discussed in the article. Taking that hypothesis, do you suppose that the lengthening of the life expectancy of developed countries has had a negative impact on said countries? Or do you think about life prolongation is a good thing up to a point? Interesting, so could one say being negative is easier, but expanding/adding to an idea is harder? I personally find that somewhat true. The issue is people look at upvotes but read comments. An upvote doesn't say as much as a comment does (quite literally). Reading his comment, he seems to be referring to normal users, not things like scientific cluster jobs. Still, I'm kind of upset with his comment. I speak from ignorance, but I'm not sure the OP has another choice, being located in Palestine and all. I'm curious, do you think it would be beneficial to make a list of where you got your ideas from? Like a sort of list of citations for your model of the world. Perhaps if this coincides with the rise of the machine replacing cheap labor, this might actually be a good thing, but something like a BIG would be needed to supply the non-working with income. http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.4687v2.pdf I'd think that solar manufacturing is something that is politically desirable in the eyes of the powers that be as opposed to manufacturing other goods. Tariffing solar panels as opposed to these other goods is consistent with that. In a way, they are right about it being against the twitter terms of use, and twitter should comply because it's their rules anyway. Still, can twitter be "held responsible"? It kind of sounds like you holding a bar tender responsible for drugs being traded in her bar. Even if she was aware of it, why not arrest the actual culprits? Any lawyers care to comment? Imagine posting this somewhere like 4chan or reddit First off, I have seen no evidence that that is the "biggest outcome." Also, how do you know such things are inevitable? I see no evidence that is true either. Ungil Kurismas (Palauan)! Probably my favorite post on HN right now. Happy Holidays to all. That assumes that it would have to happen more often than %50 of the time, which I think is impossible. For particle physics phenomenology, that's essentially what the field is, people developing physical models and predicting what would be observed due to such models in other experiments...since it's not exactly easy to perform particle physics experiments. I've found that it helps me when I get feedback, like I finish some major functionality or feature, I feel fantastic when I see it work and during my working time, I think about that feature and can't wait to get back to it. When I stop in the middle where there is no discernible change or a feature is not fully implemented, when it passes my mind during work or free time, I think about how broken it is, and I feel like I'm heading back to a broken bike, which is not too exciting. It's hard, especially when a particular feature needs days/weeks of effort. For that sort of thing, you just need to persistent, I guess. This issue can be helped if we stop referring to low level parts as an "OS" like Linux or even GNU tools but refer to individual distros as OS'es, like Ubuntu or ElementaryOS, etc. This at least creates the impression of unification under one banner, which I think is what the article is asking for. I'm no expert, but based on the parent, I think it comes down to what he means by "library hash." If it's a hash (like a checksum) of the whole shared library, then different versions would have different hashes, theoretically. I'm 24, so I'm not much of a youngster, but I've used youtube as my sole media entertainment site since 2008. From my experience, I've come across many individuals in academia who I've tried to suggest particular approaches to their choice of problem and be rejected because they are too proud or too afraid to learn something new. I'm not trying to be an ass when I do, because that would undermine my attempt to share information, but something as simple as suggesting "for i in list:" instead of "for i in range(len(list))):" is so offensive to them since they didn't learn it first when they learned how to program (and god-forbid they learn it from a second year graduate student). May be biologists or people at Stanford (or biologists at Stanford) are less proud, but my experience here has made me stop trying to relate basic programming concepts to fellow academics. You're probably right about it seeming rude, comparing it to grammar advice makes is a good analogy--I didn't think about it like that. Sounds more like confirmation bias than cognitive dissonance. Still, nice read. WRT HEP experiments, I'm hoping the developments in laser acceleration of charged particles leads to accelerator-like experiments being much cheaper and thus more easily doable for smaller groups and labs, it would at least increase the number of variations in conditions. But, you're right about scientists assuming a lot about the universe. In cosmology, this is known as the Cosmological Principle[0], which is expressed in the language of the field as homogeneity of the matter distribution of the universe. Implicit hypotheses with this is that fundamental constants are constant and the laws of physics are the same. The basic idea is the assumption that the Earth is not special, therefore, experiments done here, while accounting for particular effects like earth's gravity, being a non-inertial frame, etc., would be representative of any point other point of space. And it's not that this is a bad assumption. For example, spectra analysis of elements on earth has given us good ways to figure out the elements of stars far out of reach, and it is one hell of a coincidence that the spectra we see in stars is so similar to elements here like hydrogen and helium that one can't assume that earth was just gifted with these elements while other parts weren't. This is just one example of the success of this assumption. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cosmological_principle You say that causa sui or at least cyclic cause is troublesome without saying why. I'm curious for your reasoning. 50% really isn't a lot if you're talking about 18 total incidents, but this still is a pretty cool idea. It would be interesting if someone tried this in one of these larger cities with high rises like Singapore. You'd create a smaller groups with a sense of community while still giving members the benefits of living in a large city. The reason I thought of this is it reminded me of a strategy of using small bible study groups being employed in a large church that was part of my alma mater. The idea is that it was easier and more intimate in these small groups, so they'd have the ability to hold more personal sutdy sessions. Of course, they still belonged to the main body and had those advantages, such as a larger number of volunteers, etc. Something like that could create the "small town atmosphere" many city dwellers seek without destroying the city. One of the things I was hoping I'd hear people comment on here what Miller says towards the end, that perhaps Kish's aversion to physical closeness, perhaps "loving" in general, and a desire to be independent, were mutually exclusive. While, I personally would agree there is an argument that being a helicopter parent does not help build a sense of independence in someone, I'm really curious if it really is true that a desire of closeness to others in general is really the opposite of that. I guess it makes some sense naively (independence or apartness vs. dependence or together-ness)? But the way I think about it is that a desire to be independent needs to be tempered with a desire to socialize and be close with others. May be they are orthonormal axes in a person's "personality space," but a healthy balance of both will give a person a good norm overall. This seems opposite of what they hint at toward the end, that these two qualities may not be orthogonal but in fact, anti-parallel. Perhaps Daniel's aversion helped him overcome the enormous odds against him, an entire culture that put that "blind" label on him and would have necessarily pulled him far into that the more "dependent" side--I mean, that was the point on the whole rest of the episode. It was needed for him given the extreme pressure he was under from this culture. Still, I hope that for many other people who do not have this extreme desire for independence that they need not be forced into it just so that the rest of us see them as equal. That certainly is not fair for them if they do not desire it. I say all this because while I have a close love for a few close friends and family members, I usually like to be independent myself. However, I've learned as I've gotten older that sometimes you need to rely on others even when you think you won't, which isn't easy for me. A healthy balance seems better, as I've reluctantly accepted. I honestly wish I could live on 6 hours of sleep; I feel like I'd get much more done that way. Since college, I've never been able to go without 9 hours of sleep without paying for it the next day or that weekend at the most. So, I'm trying to see whether this applies to us in academia, whether the "nice-but-no-push-over" types are more successful than the sociopaths. Unfortunately, I can't think of one either in real life or from anecdotes shared with me. I think it's different when the system isn't run on money, but pride. EDIT: Actually, I am able to think of one. It is of worth to note that he is pretty clever and a natural born talent and was a child prodigy. Looking at that made me think about us back in the brick-and-mortar version of Khan Academy, us in the university. Our analogous tools like mastering physics and webassign, while they have improved, pale in comparison to Khan Academy's up and coming tools. I'm not so sure this is a fair comparison. Anything that grows proportionally to its population will grow exponentially, math just says it will, and you can't avoid that. You can look at the bacteria itself and see that bacteria divide, and so, you expect this sort of growth, and so, it mathematically follows. It just isn't that way for QM, nothing in nature says that systems have to evolve by a hermitian operator on a fock space, we just know that it gives us the right results. I think part of the issue is that Physicists really care about why, not whether something fits the model. As a 25 year old who did manage to experience Windows 3.1 (although I wasn't allowed on the Internet back then) but also once had turntable[0], I think it's far to say that "nostalgia" isn't really the word for it. I guess it's sort of like for gen-Xer's who like to swing dance, they find a certain quality in it although it certainly is much before their time. May be it is rather superficial, but you can say that about fashion, art, music, choice of programming paradigm (in some cases at least). [0]I should note the records I bought were recorded by people about my age, and they played psychedelic rock that emulated 60's rock and claimed to use "vintage" equipment from their effects pedals to their recording equipment...and they certainly weren't alive in the 60's. I don't really like arguing back and forth, but the way I read that is he is describing calculations in QM, not the "why" behind QM. QM is not a mystery in calculationally, it is a mystery in interpretation. The generalization of probability theory to include "negative" probabilities, really, amplitudes is just the method in quantum mechanics. It's like knowing what a derivative is to obtain exponential population growth. That's just mathematics. No one says people who have solved dN/dt=aN predict that bacteria will grow exponentially, it's just how a system acts like that would behave, and we found an example. But, I've thought a little more about it, I think my original comment was touching a personal bias more than making an argument. I asked, "why does the time evolution operator have to be on a fock space and why do P and X commute like ~i?" I'm not sure physics can answer beyond that at this point, since it matches experiment, we should or could just accept it the way it is. May be there is no "deeper" reason after all. I've always thought how strange it is when people notice and make such a big deal about facebook being down or accessible. It's almost as if fb has become a public utility or something. As others have remarked, one way one can interpret this is it is a testament to their ops' exceptional ability as engineers that such downtime is so noticeable. Fortran 90 is still the language computational stuff is made in today. I'm not convinced, however, that that choice is really for performance reasons over cultural reasons. Still, Fortran 90 is hell of a lot better than Fortran 77, which unfortunately is the language of choice for some of the people I'm being asked to work with. I'm curious (really curious, although this might sound like a troll), have you ever tried a benchmark test on this? Things like this [0] come up every so often, and make me wonder about the efficiency advantage for coding in Fortran. This is also relevant and insightful [1]. The top answer talks about Fortran's strict aliasing semantics. [0] http://unriskinsight.blogspot.com/2014/06/fast-functional-go... [1] http://stackoverflow.com/questions/146159/is-fortran-faster-... Completely unrelated, but even assuming the author of the article posts here, are you from Columbus OH? I've gone to One-Line Coffee (the source of the first pic) myself a number of times! I think the definition of what is "lawful" is a very important issue we should be concerned with, but it is a separate one from Net Neutrality. I feel like this is still a leap forward on net, and we should be happy for it. I'm curious, how much effect do lobbyists have on the FCC, since they aren't exactly elected officials? The thing is from my experience, most computational individuals would be strongly opposed to FP. They may not have been raised on for loops, but once they learn about for, good luck on having them warm up to the idea of map and reduce. I think the only way you'd succeed is by snatching their young before they go down that path. I don't really see many people warming up to new things aimed at them like Julia or even not-so-new stuff like numpy/matplotlib and friends. If it isn't Fortran or C or matlab, it doesn't ring well with them. Of course, the new kids who don't know programming (or physics yet, perhaps) are ripe for indoctrination of your religion as opposed to theirs. "[T]he observable universe is far too small to contain an ordinary digital representation of Graham's number, assuming that each digit occupies one Planck volume." Sheesh. The thing that people often over extrapolate based on Special Relativity (SR) and other things like Quantum Mechanics (QM) is they think that "relative" (or for QM, "probabilistic") means arbitrary. No, in fact while time is not "absolute", certain things about time for all observers are constrained. For example, the time between events depends on the observer, but use that time separation multiplied by the speed of light--the distance a light ray travels in that time--and take the square of that distance and subtract the square of the distance between said events' locations, this quantity is the same for all observers. This IS a constraint on the "distance" between events in SR. This really isn't the relativity that the author alludes to, but I have something to say about this too. As physicists, we term this "relativity" the author deals with as "dealing with units." Having a concept of time is meaningless without a given scale. For example, for the ultraintense-plasma interactions that I am discussing in the paper I'm writing today, a picosecond is a long time given that the electro-magnetic dynamics I care about happen on the femtosecond scale. For the hydrodynamic simulations my groupmate will work on, picoseconds are the timescales of significance. Of course, when heating the coffee in the cup next to me, the barista measures timescales much larger than this, of the order of seconds, exponentially longer than both of the former scales. Life is a complicated phenomenon which captures dynamics at many scales. Thinking about life can be just as complicated, if you let it. An issue I often see is equating parts of life with other parts and thus, using the same scales for both. This often leads us into trouble. Why does it take my friend an hour to shower while it only takes me ten minutes? If I can write a python script in one day, why the hell does it take this junior dev two weeks to make his? Of course, the same issue here is a novice physicist comparing the fs physics I deal with to the ps my friend does, the comparison isn't valid just because they are both "times." This is why even though life seems short for some people it can seem long for others. Just because 80 years is a year and people are people, any given individual has their own experiences and opinions that shapes their vantage point, and it can be hard to really compare the two. Of course, just like the "real" relativity SR, there are certain constraints we can make on time in this context, many people might prefer longer lives even if we lived 1000 years if millennial* olds are as selfish as us 80-year-ers are. But the diversity in context must be taken into account as it should be for me when I model ultra-intense laser plasma interactions. Context always matters. Thinking about the context for each person's scales makes our look on life a little less absurd. I think that more often than not, people's motivations (for desiring longevity, for instance) have good reasoning in them, especially when you consider their context. [*] It's funny that millennial here means people who are 1000 years old as opposed to people in their late teens to early twenties. Since I usually run linux on the machines I buy, Superfish wouldn't be an issue. In fact, the current laptop I have is Lenovo. The hardware is what matters to me. The matter of supporting them in this behavior gives me pause, though. Perhaps the best thanks we can give for future soldiers is to be wary again when politicians drum up another foreign war. And not a google cache anywhere to show for it. I did something similar in a personal project[0], but to avoid reimplementing things like lists and resizable buffers and such over and over again but maintain a sort of "type safety.*" It's a step down from C++ templates but it works. [0] https://github.com/noobermin/ch Thanks! I actually did not know! I was wondering if google took it out or it's just down. Here's an out of the box idea that doesn't address racism but addresses another aspect of this: may be we should focus effort (research grants and moneys) on non-elite schools and bring the general average university up to a better level, then people, asian or otherwise, wouldn't feel that much less accomplished if they got into a some large public uni that happens not to be an ivy-league school. It boggles my mind how we have the best schools in the world while at the same time have an average college educated adult who has skills below the average [0]. That could be part of the reason why so many people are shoving against each other on the way to Stanford, because if they get into some random state uni, they know they won't have a quality education. May be if we fixed that, we'd increase N, the number of spots available for everyone, and we wouldn't reach the pigeon-hole limit so quickly that colleges wouldn't have to start discriminating against anyone. [0] https://www.insidehighered.com/news/2013/10/08/us-adults-ran... I hear you, I can hardly get by with less than 9 hours at times. If I do, I get really groggy. In a way, it focuses my efforts while I'm awake, so that might be one benefit to this. My social group mainly involves other physics graduate students. I however don't fit with them usually, so I started going to instagram meetups. It seems like people with a passing interest in photography are much more diverse than the types that go to graduate school in physics. I think what is impressive is not just their ability to maintain their composure but how readily they enter "emergency mode" from what was most likely a boring, normal day. Their ability to context switch AND maintain a level-head through it and afterwards is commendable. The "best" university I could get into was my last choice, a certain, large public uni in Ohio, and I was upset but I chose it anyway. However, Columbus is freaking awesome, I was so happy I decided to come here just because of the place and the friendly people (in fact, I have met one or two people who frequent this very site there!), not to mention the variety of great food and great coffee! I have since starting planning leaving uni, but I probably want to stay in Columbus, if possible. How ironic, isn't it? This is a romantic idea, but the obvious problem is that bad computer generated reviews are cheap and easy to produce, so there are naturally too many of them for the author to reply to individually. So it looks like there is suddenly water everywhere in the solar system...except for California. I'm assuming the alternative that the grandparent is against is forced sharing, ie., regulation which would keep the situation from reaching that state where there is zero water next year. I don't think anyone supports CA doing nothing and to keep using water at the current rate. I'm curious which places these are and why such areas were abandoned for farmland in the first place. Consider, if atoms and thus matter are mostly empty space, why can't you put your hand through the table? It's that same "stuff" that keeps your hand from passing through the table that the electrons "see" to create the STEM pictures. this has been done: https://workfrom.co/ You can join and start rec'ing places. I think I recommended places around columbus, OH months ago, and they've finally put them live. I just spent the last couple of minutes watching those videos. That "hostess girls" really got me. The US is by no means perfect, but to think that human beings could be stuck in such a situation (to literally be worked to death) seems obscene. Here comes my Ignorant American side talking, but to even imagine such lack of opportunity and freedom in a first world country makes no sense to me. I was at first upset that he seemed to focus heavily on fundamental particle physics. I was delighted however, that he did mention other discoveries we'd like to see happen in other subfields of physics, like the hope for the realization of the quantum computer. One thing that is rather hot now and likely will become a richer field over the next decade or so (and will likely leave it's imprint in future technology and life in 100 years) is the merging of physics with biology. Mainly, the use of physics and quantitative methods in biology is the next area of innovation for this century, in my opinion. That might fall more under "Biology in 100 years," however. There is an event just a bike ride away from my house and I'm stuck at home sick; how depressing. Cheers all, Happy 10th Arduino. It's interesting, perhaps stereo was meant at the time for creating a more "3D" sound experience, stereo today remains the standard for recording music. Even though some movies and songs attempt things like including surround sound given that the technology now exists, stereo is much more common and full surround soundtracks are rare. I'm curious if any audio engineers can weigh in on why stereo is still often all that is used today. At least for Greenery, Singapore does a great job of this. It's hard. When something is easy to reproduce, it's easier for humans to devalue it. "It's just a photo/mp3/movie/tv-show"... The problem is while things like oil and food and human labor are physically scare, information is not, and not because that information was easy to initially create, but just as a matter of fact, it is terribly easy to reproduce. It might have more to do with psychology than anything. Look, for most people here, we understand that something like the linux kernel took decades of man hours, if not a century by now. However, it's trivially easy to copy the result of those years of effort, even if the initial effort wasn't that easy, as I hint in my post. It turns out that such copying is legal and desired by the original authors, as it is much easier for them than it is for artist; still, it is a fact that the product is easy to reproduce while the act is not. This is at the heart of this whole conflict between the content-creators and the content-consumers today. The matter of fact is that artificial[0] constraints on the product of such creations are the best method we have developed to ensure that the creators continue to be paid for their work, and I'm not sure of another, feasible way. Things like generous benefactors, be them individuals, institutions, or governments, are too few and not with enough capital to support enough creators without selling their products. If anyone has a better idea, they could revolution history forever. Apart from Copyrights, Trademarks, and Patents, however, I know of no other way that will work. [0]when I say artificial, I am speak matter-of-factly, not to offend anyone. The interesting thing is such talent and experience needed to produce such works is scarce, it's just the product isn't. I keep looking for these revolutionaries, because all I seem to find are people who rather we tow the party line, study popular theories and methods that will win grants, are more busywork than difficult since they are doable but are tractable and easily fundable with low risk since they are but minor adjusting of the skirt of the already established theory. Someone quickly give this man a raise or a job. Somewhat related, but my girlfriend lives in Singapore, and I recently visited there while stopping by my parents' in Palau, which is a Pacific island. The internet infrastructure in Palau is pitiful, so when I tried contacting her by phone while there, and it turned out she blocked the number because it was weird (she said the number was a bunch of 8's. Coming from Palau's whacky telecom corp, it's not surprising). You never know if your loved one is stuck at the side of the road somewhere trying to get to you. I usually answer the phone and figure out who is on the line and I usually can determine who is a scammer and who isn't. Then again, I don't get calls very often, so may be I have more patience with calls. Emails? I am probably much less diligent about determining their authenticity. This is encouraging. I switched from Awesome to Qtile just because I liked python more than lua, although Qtile lacks much in features (specifically, Awesome's better layouts, in my opinion). However, I've been wanting to learn Haskell and I was hoping using Xmonad would be a good excuse to learn it. It sounds like I'd get what I want. why not? I'm a 25 year old, not a hot shot by any means, but I try to be aware of my motivations and ambitions. The thing that people seem to be debating here is whether determining factors are innate traits and traits that are by choice or are the result of discipline or history or experience or a combination of these. For my own sake, I'm hoping it is the latter, as I think OP is. To be honest, I do struggle with procrastination, and it hurts me to think that by now, I could have finished that miniproject that I've been working on or that other one, etc, and I use some of that as motivation to push me back into the act. I'm an introvert (which has it's own downsides), and I leverage that to spend my free time on my projects and learning. I do however try to minimize the "souless fun" time and maximize doing things that I find fun but I see as productive. The reason I even try is I believe I can overcome my procrastinating personality and become much more productive. If I believe you, then I give up on that desire to better myself. should I? Perhaps it is different for different people? EDIT: My final statement sounds challenging, but if you think it is healthier for me to not fight that part of me, then that's fine. I welcome your point of view; I want a discussion, not validation or an apology. No kidding, I had a similar experience with them, although I only had to contact them once. It was, however, in the middle of the night because it was a school break and I was up. I was surprised to get a reply from them past midnight (and at least very late in PT). Another issue about customer support is that it isn't glamorous and usually not encountered by the typical customer since they usually handle issues and exceptions rather than the visible product. When someone mentions a company, pictures of their product, their service, etc come to mind before a customer service experience, unless it is a negative one. Had a good experience? It's usually an, "Oh yeah..." moment, at the back of your head. Psychologically, customers don't use these positive experiences to judge a company. If they have a negative experience, then that company is the worst in the world... I appreciate your reply. I think one of the reasons I feel that it isn't an innate trait for me at least is that I didn't procrastinate as much as I do now until I started college. Perhaps I always had this tendency, but its intensity is something I hope to temper. It isn't until recent months that I've decided to do something about it, so hopefully, I'm not due for surrender yet. I had a rather romantic and gifted English teacher in my first year of college who claimed that procrastination is a part of the creative process, likening it hatching an egg, she claimed that procrastinating helped mature ideas before you put pen to paper, similar to the idea to use procrastination time to fully develop a solution to a problem, as you said. Yes, there is a correlation of my hearing of her doctrine and my increased procrastination, but I can't blame her for it. To expand upon what you're saying for the grandparent, what you have is one beam of protons can reach the kinetic energy of 6.5 TeV. They will circulate a second beam at the same energy, and collide them head on. Thus, the "center-of-momentum" energy, that is, the energy involved in a collision of one proton from one beam hitting another from the other beam will be 13 TeV at max. Often times, physicists refer to this energy by the symbol "s". Basically, energy and mass are interchangeable in some violent reactions (like the ones at the LHC or that released in atomic explosions) as we know because of Einstein. This means that as we increase the energy of these violent collisions, the more energy that is available to be converted into the mass of possible particle products. It should be noted that it isn't like we add mass to the products like adding snow to a snow ball, it isn't a continuum. It's more like a threshold. If a particle has a mass of 938 MeV, say, we will see it in a collision as a product only if s for that interaction is greater than 938 MeV. In fact, it must be a bit larger than this, because while some energy gets converted to mass, some energy also needs to get converted to energy of motion for these products too. Otherwise, they won't reach our the detectors in our apparatus for us even to see them. We haven't seen a number of massive particles we think should exist, from a theory called "Supersymmetry". Note that we do not really know from theory what these masses should be, but we need them to exist for our current models of the universe. Our current guess then for why we don't see them is that we just haven't passed their threshold masses sufficiently to create them first and with enough energy after in order to see them. That's why 6.5 TeV which implies a max s of 13 TeV is important. It's like we've increased the range of our "scan" of particle masses. It means we'll produce more massive particles (if they exist) and more of them in number with sufficient energy to actually see them. This is a very crucial point. Unfortunately, I cannot edit my post to point to it. As long as the relationship doesn't go the other way, this doesn't upset me as an instagrammer. I have to echo this comment. I recently travelled to Japan and Singapore, and I managed really well on the 3G speeds I got from T-mobile's free roaming. I'll admit I didn't spend my time there streaming youtube videos, but I did use instagram and occasionally google maps, although it was slow for maps sometimes (then again, maps is slow here in the US too, it's most likely my SG SIII not playing well with the latest and greatest maps version), moreover, I tethered from time to time. At the end, I paid a pittance (something like $2) because I had to make one call. For me, T-mobile's free roaming was a godsend. > I've thought before that much of the criticism of academia (which I've certainly engaged in) mostly reflects disappointment that it was ultimately not all that different from the rest of the world. I think that is the disappointment. Reference the article: I often wonder if many people in academia come from insecure childhoods where they were never the strongest or the most popular among their peers, and, having studied more than their peers, are now out for revenge. This including the author, and hell, including me. I'm going to admit: I was idealistic coming into the system, thinking that it was better that the rest of the world because the point of research was supposed to be research, that I would find people who valued cool ideas and interesting science/math/literature, etc, instead of making a quick buck. So, it isn't any different, honestly, only instead of money, the currency of academe is pride[0]. But, one can't live on pride alone, as much as academics try to convince their students. If one is to sell their soul, at least sell it for real currency instead of academic funny money (citations, papers, commitee positions, pats from higher ups). As another replier mentioned, at least work for assholes who will pay you better and in a career that has better prospects than academia. One might say that the ideal it strives for, bettering the world and/or understanding it deeply, was supposed to be what one gained in place of losing income. Without that, why should anyone participate in it? [0] http://100rsns.blogspot.com/2010/10/25-academe-is-built-on-p... >The ones that succeed learn how to increase the demand for the services they want to provide. The ones that don't bitch about how unfair everything is. Eh, given the oversupply in academia, it really isn't fair to compare your situation to it. We're talking about orders of magnitude in the disparity between supply and demand in academe vs. the usual competition like in SV, I'd say. Of course they'll face it elsewhere, the sociopaths who will control their lives. As someone said below, the disappointment is that academia is just like the rest of the world.Still, I think they need to be told it by articles like the linked so more fresh college grads won't go down that path. What idea do you have? Tell me about it. I TA for a physics class for premeds, and while they may find some passing interest in the course, they certainly don't care to learn it...and actually, I agree. May be a general knowledge of physics for someone going into medicine might be somewhat beneficial, but do I really expect my doctor to care about calculating the net force on a spaceship between the earth and the moon? Really? I'm still at a loss for understanding why physics is required for the MCAT. Why not teach abstract mathematical models instead, or a may be something around quantitative models in biology? I'm all for my students learning abstraction and math but I think applications in biology would be more interesting and ultimately more useful for them than a mass on an inclined plane with friction. Look, I'm a proud physicist, and it prides me to know that discoveries in my field have essentially defined generations, from the unification of EM with light to the transistor, physics has at a fundamental role in advancement of both technology and understanding of the world since forever. Still, a general description of how these technologies work should be enough for people who are not going into technical roles (like being the physician specifically uses the PET, etc), it probably not even need be quantitative. I feel like we focus far too much on the details instead of relevant results in our classes. For example, calculating the net force on an object to determine it's acceleration (Newton's second law) is vital for any physicist to understand. For a biologist? Not so much. Especially when the treatment of physics gets technically complicated (like you need to consider drag forces or something), the content becomes more tedium than learning especially for students who do not plan to go into that field. Reminds me of the theory for why some words in English have such odd spellings, that at times, scribes would make errors in their copying and since many scribes were illiterate, those errors would propagate and become part of English. Such cool sounding things make me wish I went to graduate school for mathematics... I really wish one could learn such things on their own free time, may be even publish in their free time separate from affiliation with a university or educational institution. Do you have a link for this? As crazy as the linked article is, I find this hard to believe about SK too. Unrelated, but are you WilfredR on disquis? http://www.npr.org/2015/05/23/408927009/senate-blocks-patrio... I didn't learn to appreciate Noether's theorem until my second semester in graduate school. I learned the math in undergrad and knew if you did fancy derivatives, you could obtain a conserved current. I thought it was just a way to get the conservation laws for cheap (kind of like how you got the equations of motion from Lagrangians for cheap, as was my understanding at that point). Then, I learned about trying local U(1) symmetry and trying to make the Langrangian invariant under that and wham, you get EM for free, without even postulating it a priori. I was amazed--all of a sudden, I realized the reason why all these particle physicists were so bent on postulating this or that symmetry, hitherto not seen, might exist in nature; I realized how fundamental symmetries were and how deeply intertwined with conservation laws they were. This reminds me too of learning to draw. When I took drawing in college, we had to resist the urge to draw an apple in front of us like stick figure apples. We had a conscious idea of how an apple should look like, and we default to drawing that. Instead, we were to try to forget that it's an apple and see the shape as lines and the shade as gradient. Then, you reproduce the object better, once you learn to not lean on your conscious knowledge of what you're drawing. Indeed. I'd rather have billions go to Elon who will turn it into awesome technology, as his companies have, than have it go to defense contractors who will turn it into another plane that can't fly. For the people in my group, I have a stinking suspicion: they use matlab because it's called matlab. Also, they refuse to use octave, python, or anything else because they aren't called matlab. Amen to being real. I've had a boss that is insecure, obviously wants to assert themselves and does so in non-direct ways, like through email, but can't do it in person and acts nice (falsely, as I've now come to learn). It drives me nuts. Being direct and honest saves a lot of time. However, people come from different backgrounds and have different levels of comfort in expressing themselves, so we often have to learn to deal with such people. There are ways to systematically get at DE solutions, the first that come to mind are power series or fourier series or decomposing into other orthogonal functions (of course, assuming the solution obeys relevant boundary conditions), but that won't give you an elegant result unless you have the time to wade through the recursion relations and sum it up. Sometimes, a smart guess just gives you the result, so why not do that? Which confuses me. I wasn't aware DARPA opened it's competitions to non-USA teams. Unfortunately, it seems my comment was taken with an assumed connotation. I simply wasn't aware that DARPA opened it to any one outside of the US since, well, it's DARPA. It probably wasn't the most insightful comment in the world, but, yes--now I am aware. The obvious question is what about type function functions, when you want to abstract away the type functions? I'm not sure how related this is, but my parents are from a Pacific island, Palau (I've mentioned it before in other comment threads). One of the things that hurts progress in my country isn't really a lack of education as much as it is ignorance in the strict sense. It's funny, because a couple of years ago, a trans-Pacific cable was laid close to the island, but the decision was made to not invest in tapping into it due to the cost--even nowadays, people are interested in improving connections, but it isn't a priority. They really haven't experienced the internet, at least not in it's full capacity, so they don't know what they are missing. They know about it from what they see on T.V. ("viral" review shows targeted at baby-boomers who still watch T.V., I suppose) and social networking, so simply, they don't know what they're missing. I recall when I finish high school and moved back here to the US for college--I basically missed the dotcom-boom days of the late 90's and early to mid 2000's, the internet was not just a convenience, it completely changed my living habits. But the so-called "other three billion" really can't know this because they haven't experienced this, so not only do you face real obstacles, but you face lethargy as well. At least for Palau, I feel like that is one of the main reasons internet access is pretty subpar there today. [*] I do admit that this might not be relevant in parts of Africa. For one, Palau is a pretty small place (no more than twenty-thousand people), so attitudes are probably much more homogeneous (with that attitude towards the urgency of improving internet infrastructure) compared to hosts of nations with millions of people in sub-Saharan Africa. Well, even given the variety of opinions in the discussion yesterday, I think most people will be happy here. Apple did the right thing, at the very least, for good PR purposes. FWIW, thanks for posting that. I can hardly read the OP. I signed up anyway. Since giving them my email, I haven't gotten the stream to work for more than a minute before it deciding it's unavailable...and I hear him too before it decides to end it, so I'm confused. I was warned by a pane that it's in beta, I supposed. After a few tries, it seems to work now. Ie. warning, choppy user experience. EDIT: It was actually pretty interesting. He took a random piece of code someone shared and ran it, not after eye checking it first, of course. It ran something meant for cellular automata(?) which actually printed out the sender's name in the grid. Besides the fun, it was interesting watching Wolfram himself code live--very cordial and friendly. I'd definitely want to check out the next one. Sheesh, am I the only one who actually enjoyed the visuals? The idea of having economists in an arcade brawl is basically parodying their usual blogpost battles and treating it as if it were real fighting, so I found it humorous. The article itself, however, is queer--it ends in an unsatisfying ambiguity: apparently Krugman wins because he is both "ref as well as combatant". In fact, the article seems to imply he loses three arguments (there are three gifs of him getting hit) and wins two, although with Osbourne, it's a little ambiguous there who is right. So, 1.5/5...So he...wins? For future reference, he did eye check it first, I mistyped. As someone else shared above: http://www.skepticalscience.com/lessons-from-past-climate-pr... That's it, I'm learning APL once I've figured out cl. Not to detract from your sentiment, but not all of the developed world has same-sex marriage as legal: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Same-sex_marriage#/media/File:... In case anyone one was curious, the "phishing" urls in the phishing emails lead to this page: https://cuttlephish.com/cuttlephished Off-topic, but I'm always looking for hour long talks/videos to put on while I'm cooking and I can't sit at a computer, or my hands are too dirt to finger a book. Thanks HN for giving me good content! I maintain a list of these and they come up sufficiently often enough that I always have something to watch when I have to cook. There is a way to use physical intuition in QM too, although it obviously isn't the physical kind (tables and flipping them over). It tends to be mathematical, but it certainly isn't rigorous chugging through equations. The canonical example of this are the test questions you see in undergraduate QM courses that show you a space potential graph then ask you sketch the wavefunction in different regions. You have to have an idea what a wavefunction does in certain regions, oscillate? decay? how many nodes, etc. I think you're calling Aristotelian physics "Galilean mechanics." Sure, but I'm not sure how that is related. What I'm essentially talking about is you have a DE that is of the form -i h\phi_t -b\phi_{xx} + V(x)\phi = 0 and graphing \phi as you vary V(x). That is not obvious unless you know how solutions of the equation behave for different simple cases of V(x) and continuity. That, I argue, is intuition. Actually, what you mentioned sounds like intuition to me. You didn't make hand plot the polynomial, so that is relying on intuition over rigour, which I think is what the OP's quote from Feynman referred to. And here I thought the renormalization group had no application outside high energy physics and condensed matter. May be I should have stuck with HEP after all. Am I the only person who welcomes this? Obama could come out tomorrow and admit he was wrong and people would still think there is some ulterior motive there. Of course, the government has lied before, but Holder isn't even part of the administration anymore. The fact that anyone, even someone no longer in the loop at least acknowledge that the leaks might have had a positive effect is a concession from the hardline conservative, Snowden-was-wrong side, if anything. I wouldn't be surprised if a significant number of people here do this. I do this as well. Most of the time, I'm not asked to leave, but other times, if I feel guilty, I buy something else, like another coffee or a sweet. I suppose I'd willing to "rent" space if it were available. A funny relevant anecdote. Yesterday, I was at home trying to work, and I could not focus, so I walked to a nearby coffeeshop. Apparently, a group was filming something in half of the shop, so another section with most of the seats was closed off, as well as outside seating in front of it. Naturally, the remaining seats were full. So, I randomly asked a person if I could share a seat with her. I didn't make small talk, I just sat and read. After twenty minutes or so, she got up to leave. After a while of reading, I saw a number of people come in and be told they might have to take to-go since the place was full. I was more than willing to share a seat at my table, and a number of other tables had open seats, but no one approached me, or anyone else for that matter... So, I got up, and purchased a slice of cake to-go. A gentleman who was waiting for a chair thanked me and took my place. Now, on the way home, there is a chocolate shop which has a couple of seats as well. I decided to peer inside, and guess who I see in the window? The lady who's table I took, apparently. :/ I guess I can't fault other people for not being as comfortable about sharing "personal space" as I am, but especially in that sort of situation, it hurts more than it helps. As well as good wifi, some renovations, and better decor[0]. [0] At least in my experience. I'm not sure what it is about coffeeshops. Their decor is just conducive to working, much more than the local library, at least. Given my experience with academic coding (and in fact, some fleeting experience with cms stuff) I wouldn't be surprised if it was. I've been on the site for almost two years and I haven't seen something quite like this[0]. Do you think Darn or another admin (are there other admins) would reply to this question so we could know for sure? [0] I don't say it with the connotation that I'm surprised given my experience, but the opposite: I haven't been around long enough to witness the response of the community during the heyday of such a controversial topic and want to know if the admins would actually respond To be very frank, I've seen much worse. "Functions" more than 400 lines long, perhaps even 1000 or more, riddled with more macros like in this sample than you can shake a stick at. I'd share a sample of this ghastly stuff, but it's closed source, alas. May be I'm missing something. This doesn't strike me odd at all. I mean, one could say the United States chose to legalize gay marriage, or chose to forge a deal with another concious entity Iran. This is similar to a person making a change in their own body or making peace with an adversary, respectively. One could liken the democratic process and the political system as concious thinking, perhaps. How is this any different? If you relax the definition of "concious", then why isn't the United States concious? I'm using a very simplistic definition of the term. Essentially, anything that responds to input is "alive." I'm actually basing it on the notion the author gives since he considers rabbits as being "concious." I'm not sure rabbits are self-aware though in the sense that humans are, ie., becoming a "strange loop" as Douglas hofstadter would put it. Self-awareness is one thing, conciousness, as the author presents it, is another thing. The thing is, externally, one can talk about a nation in the same ways we talk about a person in the same ways we talk about a group or even a couple. You can consider it responding to input and even being "self-aware" as an entity, even being deliberating. A materialist doesn't believe in the immaterial, s/he can only judge an entity by observing its reaction to stimula, so as far as s/he can judge, the materialist can observe the US from the outside, and apply the duck rule[1] to conclude it's concious. However, I'm not talking about qualia[1]. Qualia, a materialist would say, is an illusion. But, again, going by the author's definition, I'm not sure we can say whether rabbits or flies experience qualia, and qualia is sort of a hard to thing to reason about from the outside of the head. For me, the question of qualia is a much more interesting argument against materialism. Disclaimer: I'm not sure I'm a materialist, but I'm a scientist by trade, so I have to work in that mindset. Still, I never felt comfortable with it. [0] http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Rule+of+Duck [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qualia As I said below, if you really are a materialist, then this shouldn't bother you. As a materialist, you can't judge something from the inside, you can only apply the duck rule.[0] And the US, a book club, a couple, all of these deliberate, form consensus, act for self-survival...they act like living things just like us bags of meat do, so they should be "concious", just like a person or a rabbit or a duck is. Or, if this still does bother you, may be you should question your faith in materialism. I have this issue with linux and I was wondering if it was hangouts (really, the old "GoogleTalkPlugin") on linux that was the issue. Is this on Windows you have these issues? If C++ would implement something like restrict (in the standard), we could hide it in the usual C++ way and may be a very performant library with all the benefits of C++ could become feasible. Does anyone else get a 404? We'll have to see. I've read that until after JFK was assassinated, he wasn't really viewed as a good president as he is now. I am biased in thinking that he will be remembered well, but we'll have to wait and see. Assuming it doesn't fail, but I feel that the Iran deal with Obamacare, and the NSA leaks will be the things we will associate with Obama in the future. That and that he's black. That was actually a great talk, I'm happy I'm not the only one in the world that doesn't use new...and the dec64 idea sounds freaking awesome I remember getting glasses for the first time when I was 13. While I found the better definition of far away objects nice (useful is a better word), I actually found that I liked how the world looked (in an aesthetics way) without glasses vs. with it...like I always liked how the trees[0] looked in the afternoon sun but glasses sort of ruined it. I would later learn about "impressionism"[1], and fall in love with those art works. Apparently there are/were people out there who enjoyed seeing the "impression" of something over its definition like I did. Today, my instagram has a number of blurry photos. EDIT: I should mention that my eyesight is not extremely terrible, and at that age, my eyesight wasn't good enough to function, although I need glasses now to drive, etc. [0] I would learn later there is a word for it in Japanese, komorebi: http://english.stackexchange.com/questions/181055/english-eq... [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impressionism I'm a theoretic physicist who does computer simulations of laser plasma interactions. I'm just curious, how much of a scale difference (orders of magnitude) exist between your micro and macro worlds? We deal with femtosecond (1e-15 sec) and nanosecond (1e-9 sec) dynamics by using different simulations and feeding the short time sim results into the nanosecond ones. Is such a thing possible? I'd think doing something like that would be obvious, no? Economics is "softer" than Physics and the math is looser, but the example the author gives about the support of a model's function is not a loose concept. The softness of the science may make predictability of a such a model suspect, but how the scientist omitted details about the behavior of a function is not due to the softness of the study, but due to the "adversarial equilibrium" the author comments on. It's funny how he chides compsci's as being ignorant about their founders. As a physicist, I personally know physicists who know little about the field's history and care even less. Moreover, I'd argue that in Physics, the push to normal is much stronger than it is in the tech world. May be I'm just thinking the grass is greener on the other side, however. Whenever I push, I login. Apparently this laziness saved my ass this time. Of course, this could be used on any service I ssh into regularly and has a scrappable listing of users, so it's good of you to bring this up. To be honest, unless the creators are in on it too, this still reflects poorly on Philly and the US as a whole. Minor thing, but you could save some characters by using for(;;) instead of while(true) For 1, it might be a matter of taste/familiarity. For me, interpolation in Julia makes string formatting easier to understand, at least for short strings. The issue is Julia's interpolation (I hope to god to be wrong about this, if it's wrong, someone correct me) doesn't have format specifiers, which put me in a pickle a few days ago. For 2, can you expand upon this? Not a challenge, but I'm not able to imagine how this would be a security concern, and this might be a failure of my understanding here. You might be conflating cpu processor speed with, what is essentially "io" (light as an input, I'd suppose) and basically waiting for physics to happen. We can thank Emmy Noether[0][1] for our current understanding of symmetries and for how today we view such symmetries as being or underlying the fundamental laws of physics. [0] http://arstechnica.com/science/2015/05/the-female-mathematic... [1] previous HN discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9606497 So I wondered about this, but from what I understand (correct me if I'm wrong), the string must explicitly be "f", and thus, a generic string, specifically one created by taking data from input, isn't vulnerable in this way. You could, of course, act on user input inside an f string, but the fault of that lies with the developer not sanitizing inputs, which is an issue with anything. You do have a good argument concerning not mixing of data and execution as a general principle, though, and I think may be you gave the PHP example as how this mixing can lead to certain unintended issues (not necessarily in python with this PEP implemented, if so, I apologize for misunderstanding). In my mind, this helps with short strings, with simple expressions and makes them more readable--in my opinion, as I said...it's just a convenience. Still, allowing a simple expression allows anything really to be executed, so I guess you have an argument there. Have to echo the sentiment (if at least to give the authors some encouragement if they are reading this). I saw the title and thought, "not another attempt to supercede C..." but it sounds rather interesting so far. I love high-level hacking as much as the next guy, but I can see how this can be easier for C-lovers to not hate since it explicitly doesn't try to be more high level. I'm curious too. Of course, anyone here can quote the usual benefits of open source (no licenses, familiarity with the technical crowd in general, the "many-eyes"), but I'm curious how valid these benefits are in the mainframe space. My girlfriend lives in Singapore and travels exclusively by public transport. She recently moved across the city and how she did this was by incrementally moving things. Moreover, when I visited her, I noticed she was good at being light, only packing the essentials when she goes out, which is something I try to do too, since I bike exclusively. Essentially, it comes down to changes of habit. You learn to cope with not having a huge cart to carry things around with. With the loss of convenience you get better health, less traffic, less noise pollution, etc. Which is part of the problem. This really is a catch-22. Cars are the only way to do anything because our cities are setup for the convenience of cars. The best way to push back on that without changing the layout would better public transport. The thing is I feel that sometimes buses and train funding is actively fought in the US, and I don't understand why. I think the point is that it is a problem in non-systemd setups. I think an important part of this question is who is making you use such frameworks in the first place? I quickly glanced at your bio, but day-to-day work is that? Count yourself exceedingly lucky! On balance, I've met people who claim they are intermediate programmers and use matlab only, and are freaked to shit when they see higher order functions in other languages, or even the idea of passing a "function", like, say, a pointer to a function, into another function, even though function pointers have existed since C. How does this address the graph? It probably doesn't predict the current situation, but it certainly is consistent with it, that fusion funding is below the "fusion never" line, and look, we have no fusion. Honestly, the alternative is to teach people component-wise calculations like those in old school (and some new school) GR with a bunch of indices everywhere. As others have pointed out, a 2x2 matrix or a square matrix in general is a nice representation because operations involving them follow basic rules. For your qualm where people told you "can't" multiply vectors together, what they should have said is "we won't define a multiplication between vectors like we can between scalars" where "we won't" means "we won't for this course." Something I agree that isn't stressed in Math enough in the early years is that it's creation: mathematicians define what they can in order to prove other things, and as long as one can define something that is consistent with other definitions and is logically coherent, it goes. Just like you can define element-wise multiplication, of course it's valid. Final nitpick: I'd argue an isomorphism between objects A and B is enough to say that A is B, up to some non-isomorphic details, like how they are typeset in an article. I've heard this story more than once, but I'm curious is this is really all that common. You obviously break the "humanities=future burger-flipper" stereotype. 40MC is a lot. Another way to think about it is that a force on the order of that many tons would be needed to rip out 1% of your electrons from your neutral body in the first place. That's why we don't see charging up to that scale in day-to-day life. Thank you for your reply. I was downvoted perhaps because people read my identification of the stereotype and thought that was my emphasis, but I honestly was curious. I myself am a physics type but I'm an armchair (or kiddie chair, really) philosopher. I specifically love philosophy of math and science because it's closest I can get to it without feeling too guilty with wasting free time on something other than grad school ( cough ). My two favorite non-physics courses in undergrad were humanities types, a "Presidential Leadership" (history writing) course, and a general ed philosophy course. I would say that the philosophy course was one of the most important classes for I took in my five years in undergrad. The reason I asked about whether it was a rule or even common is I hear about it often that I wanted to believe it was true, so I wanted others' experience. Philosophy, hell, history is hard, at least it was for me, so I don't doubt people who think about such things are really intelligent...and that intelligence can't translate well to something like hacking of mathematics. It's good to hear it in your case it worked in your favor. I can easily think up a still clickbait title that satisfies this: "is your baby monitor safe from strangers' eyes?" Anyway, the reason they don't give a figure of merit or context is because infinity is a good limit since it will never be reached. You can't beat an ideal, so they can easily circumvent Bettridge's Law by forcing you to affirm their sentiment, although to a useless question. (playing the devil's advocate) You did note the issues with your sources, but another issue here is both seem to reference western societies, which are guilt[0] societies while asian cultures in general are shame[1] based. This can imply differences in individual morals in people in these cultures. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guilt_society [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shame_society It sounds like you're in favor of sending pdf's around. Or probably more accurately, large bitmaps. So, I'm replying mainly to his assertion that any interactive app can be prerendered on the server given current technology. Given webapps span the range from "dynamic forms" to browser video games, I can think of no way of implementing the full breadth of what are modern web applications other than essentially video streaming and polling input on the client, which yes, is bandwidth intensive. That's the entire reason why js and html and friends have become so popular. You essentially have full applications that have been developed by people who recognize that the bottleneck wrt to a networked application's responsiveness is not cpu cycles and memory in 2015 but internet latency. It's sufficient here to send a small text file and have the client fill in the gaps and have the client ajax for updates than have the server do the heavy work. I think you argued elsewhere, this is a waste of processor time redundantly rendering content, and thus, a waste of energy needlessly (as in real energy, from electrical into waste heat). As a tree hugger, I have to admit I find that argument somewhat compelling. I think a balance needs to be struck between user experience and use of resources. It might be your balance line lies further towards the "saving of resources" than mine's does. I think you have something here. I'm only a noob web hacker, but from what I gather and read, I think that separating content from the application has been one of the things web developers strive for. It isn't always easy, however (which no, is not always a good excuse but is probably often used). This separation is essentially is what html, and even pdf, is supposed to be for. I was more wondering what you meant by prerendering things, because even when one opens an html page in your browser which is on your local drive, the client is doing rendering (typesetting, and such). That is an extreme...so, it sounds like you were asking for a return to the pre-ajax internet, which you say here that it doesn't fit everything. So I think we don't really disagree here, I could have misunderstood you? +1 on feh, although it doesn't work with gifs, and the author isn't planning to implement that support. Interesting things happen when you drag a country onto the poles. More information: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Map_projection https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Map_projection Honest question: is ML/DS something you can just pick up and be hired[0]? May be I'm ignorant, but I'd think employers would look for a degree in some related field to actually consider you for a position doing it. [0] As in how you can pick up web hacking, do a few websites and create a reputation and get hired that way without a formal degree. The readme does say it grew out of the Yandex's webcrawler "Still obsessed" If anything, his tone implied that learning to deal with rejection and to keep trying is one of the things that made him successful. He didn't say "within an order of magnitude", he said, "the same order of magnitude." There is a difference. (Rewriting) Another similar company also in the US is car2go. https://www.car2go.com/en/columbus/ "The same order of magnitude" means a multiplicative constant of a number from [1,10). 1/3 is decreasing by an order of magnitude. That is the typical usage in the sciences. Anyway, it's splitting hairs over something even less worthy of splitting hairs over. someone already suggested ML generated pop. All we need is an overfunded startup from sv to do it. Click on the "rentals" category. https://www.livesimple.io/en?category=rentals Instead of relying on racist and sexist stereotypes, you could kindly ask why they have their opinion directly. Off by just a year, what a crazy coincidence. Every issue you mentioned apart from the terrible fumes are problems that already exist in one's home with cooking in your own home, and people, seeing the convenience of cooking in their homes, have adapted to it. Regarding fumes actually, the smell from my neighbor's cooking isn't always to my liking either, but, perhaps, burnt plastic might be worse and equally undesirable to all people. I guess that makes sense. I thought of the smell as nauseous but being dangerously unhealthy (than breathing the same concentration smoke from a fire, I'm assuming is the comparison) makes it involve different levels of health issues. I'd suppose they'd have to make the buyers sign waivers, huh, otherwise they have a number of civil class-action suits waiting--from which they lose anyway since a waiver would make the cutter much less attractive. >Everywhere (that cars can go). This certainly would not solve traffic congestion issues. Other modes of traffic address traffic much better than more cars/same number of cars does. If a car can't make it across town in an hour at rush time, then "everywhere cars an go" isn't that much of a selling point since cars can't really go that far then in a good amount of time. See browep's reply above[0]. The idea is that stops do not need to be large, but stops stations every few blocks. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10279524 Let's imagine the system engineers are smarter than that: if you have a smart phone, you can use the app. If you don't, there'd be a terminal in the station you could use. I'd imagine the engineers for this could have thought of that. I guess you (and danmaz74) have a point here. In both my supposition and yours, we are assuming computers are smart enough to coordinate the vehicles well, only for cars, the infrastructure already exists. I guess my only reply here is that, yes, there is the cost of the infrastructure itself; however, let's say that this PRT thing takes off, the fact that their infrastructure is physically separate from the road, it would initially alleviate traffic issues much more than self-driving cars would. Having to deal with irrational, nondeterministic human drivers would probably make traffic alleviation not as apparent at first compared to a completely parallel infrastructure. Still, this does ignore adoption rates. In a more real world, I think you'd argue that adoption of self-driving cars would be quicker and easier than adoption of PRT, that might hamper my model. So, perhaps the conclusion of the article is right after all. Specifically, I think rifung is referring to the very high cost of fundamental research that startups don't have to incur, especially given the slow return on such investments. 10% of my pay check for a year would allow me to survive for two months without a job, baring I don't have a severe accident. Well, I did the reading for you, and the answer is no. The control was a Sierra Leonean and the test was a white American. Page 8 on the paper (click one of the links above). For the rest of us across the US, the opposite is abnormal. I bike primarily and use the bus the rest of the time, so I'm definitely abnormal. It probably has a lot to do with the costs of owning a car as well as the insane traffice in NYC vs. the rest of the US By "excellent" I'm assuming you mean timely and pervasive. I didn't find it very welcoming or clean vs., say, Singapore's public transport. Both are well used...so here, I claim that this is not due to quality as much as it is due to the cost/convenience of using it. I live in Columbus, OH. It's pretty much one of the most poorly dense, large (800K) cities in the US. COTA, the public bus system, I use frequently because I pay for a bus pass in my tuition. Their buses are generally clean, drivers are friendly, and I feel safe for the most part (people in Columbus are pretty friendly). However, given the poor density the service times are terrible if you're traveling to somewhere other than along the main street. The city is so large for its population that most stops are far and in between. As a result, ridership isn't high at all. I think convenience...and cost have a lot to do with it. I was reading the article, and it made my blood simmer, as articles like this do. Then, I looked at the comments which referred to Sean Carroll, and I couldn't believe it. The fact he claims his textbook, a fantastic intro to GR and now a standard accessible text, was a mistake with regards to his life in academe is so disheartening, it makes you wonder how science actually continues in the present, hideous environment. And if there is no advisor there doing something you find interesting? Then you quit grad school, right. Since you are arguing total freedom in grad school, then the answer is that it isn't total. Phil Plait has a nice (and humorous) summary which is also linked in the article. http://www.slate.com/blogs/bad_astronomy/2015/10/14/weird_st... Contrary to the implications of the beginning of the piece, Mr. Bell had connections, he had the potential for relationships, he even had friends who tried. I'm an introvert, who recently moved to another city for graduate school. I don't get out very often unless it's to a solitary place (my own spot in a coffee shop, for instance), so I can relate to Bell's desire to be solitary most of the time. However, if anyone reading this thinks his death was a wrong, know that he had ample opportunity to at least have one or two people to "be around his death bed" so to speak. The end of the piece talks about "the Dude", not to mention the possible wife who it seems loved him even towards the end. If there is any take away, it is to cherish our relationships with others. There are extreme cases in which people really are alone, but for those of us who can at least count on our hands the ones we love, or at least like, (even if it takes us a few minutes to enumerate them), we should continue to develop those friendships and not force people out who could otherwise enrich us. As the "investigators" put it, we don't live forever. We need to use the time we have to enrich others, because only the rest of society will out-survive us as individuals. I wouldn't say that. The fact that him and "the Dude" "solved all the world's problems" in a parking lot seem to suggest he was a thinking person with at least some desire to better some of those around him. Not to mention the fact he thought about and wrote a will, the fact that he was in love, the fact he was missed by the vanishingly few who knew him. Someone already replied to you about norms, although you could, in an extreme case, consider people liking you as having attached to it some expectation (like you liking them back) as a norm. At the end of the day, you have freedom to choose your own values and live by them. The idea that society will out live us as individuals is a fact, however. That does not need to bother you, and if it doesn't, I can disagree but I can do nothing to stop you from enjoying yourself. Mr. George, at least in some capacity, enjoyed the company of others. He was not a complete introvert then, so he might not have had your extreme aversion to people. Moreover, his death was clearly felt in some people, so unless we are only allowed to consider his feelings, his aversion to others had negative effects on at least one or two other people. >Do you actually know anyone who has made this mistake? If it helps, I initially did. That was my initial reaction after reading the headline, that it had something to do with military UAV's. After a second of thought and on clicking the article, I found out it was about private UAV's. Whenever the word "drone" is brought up, the first image that pops into my head is that "Drone Warrior" cover for the Atlantic. I should note that I am not too familiar with UAV's--other than a small handsized drone a colleague bought me as a present, I have little experience with them. This might be a "hunter's association with the word gun vs. a non-hunters'" sort of thing. >It's not exactly beyond the realms of possibility that he might have seen the potential for his son's electronic experimentation to end in a suspension and similar barrage of publicity. Even if Ahmed was being a delinquent, I can in no way understand how anyone can think this is true. Unless the father encouraged his son to take a bomb lookalike to school, how the hell could he, a 14 year old boy, have foreseen the act as attracting as much attention as it has? How could anyone? Reading the comments on the article is fascinating. Drivers (of which I am not one) have a bunch of disdain for cyclists. I agree that some are just plain stupid, unconcerned for their safety and for others, but many drivers are just plain stupid, unconcerned for their safety and for others... and stereotyping in either direction. isn't fair. I go to one of the largest public universities in the US. I try to be a good biker (stopping at worst, true idaho stops at stop signs, full stops at red lights, of course). In between classes, when student pedestrian traffic is heavy on sidewalks many bikers dart and cut through the thick of people. It definitely is an annoying experience. I think I've witnessed only one accident however. While, as a biker on the road, I've experienced near death a number of times and being actually hit once, although not violently enough to case damage to me. So yes, there is a lot to be said about bikers from a pedestrian point of view and a lot to be said about cars from a bikers' point of view. >Seeing the number of other cyclists that just blow through lights and stop signs, I'm pretty sure that the majority of them must not even know that they're supposed to stop. As a biker, I think we need to educate others on this. If we bikers want respect, we need to be willing to share the road sensibly. I have a bit of strong feelings towards drivers, but I also disdain bikers who don't follow the rules and just make it harder for the rest of us to garner the respect we badly need on the road. To be honest, that might be confusing the consequent with the cause. To me, that sounds like racism is the original issue, at blacks having their music not listened to really is just a part of the larger society's racism towards blacks in general. It's not that appropriation was the problem, but racism will lead to appropriation. My SO is in Singapore, and she complains almost everyday about the smog. While we in the US and other 1st worlders could do much to stem our pollution especially given our ability, the fight against climate change has to be a global fight, and not just the acts of a few willing nations. Would complaints not have potential to escalate the situation? Speaking as a colored American here. (I haven't been randomly searched before on the street or bus, but I've learned to be deferential if not for the sake of expediency, at the Airport when passing through TSA). Let's see, going to the moon, the internet, the atomic bomb, the space shuttle...I think the government has proven to be effect in the past. Not that the free market hasn't been effective too, but one might make the mistake of serious selection bias to really believe that the government can't perform "far out projects" well, especially when the will to perform them doesn't exist in the free market yet. Do you want me to list the failings of businesses and the horrific things they've created? Is it even fair to lump all players in the free market under one umbrella as it is to lump all government programs and governments of nations and call it "government"? The post I referred to argued about the ability of the government to lead "out there" projects well, and all of those are out there projects which had some "success" whether you agree with that definition or not. I guess I do agree to this extent: There are things that are politically difficult for the government to do, just like there are things that are politically difficult for corporations/rational free market players to do. I have to agree with your sentiment about there being no check for the government, especially when there are things the government can't do. Still, on one hand, you have Zuckerberg trying to revolutionize education, while on the other hand, you have Soros and the Koch brothers inverting democracy for their personal interests. At least when the government is corrupt, you can vote them out or at worst, have violent revolution. An individual? Ask them kindly to stop? Kill them? I think I'd feel more comfortable with corporation(s) competing with the government, because then, you could "vote against them with your dollar." Another thing which is done in government labs in the US is having labs/universities compete with each other for funding (although whether this yields good incentives for research is another story, and we're trying to find avenues for innovation that are difficult for the government, and ostensibly, difficult for govt labs too). Finally, if we do accept this form of oligarchy (where one oligarch is the government we vote for), no doubt will we have entities which disagree with each other, say, Soros or the Koch brothers. Now, then, the rest of us just become the grass at the feet of fighting elephants[0], and I hell don't know how anyone would feel comfortable with that. I suppose the only option you have then for having a voice is to become the next elephant, and while I love hacking/disruption as the next guy, I know statistics too, and I won't delude myself I will become Zuckerberg or even four orders of magnitude near him. [0] http://www.afriprov.org/african-proverb-of-the-month/27-2001... This was a game at 4chan a while back (coming from 4chan is not that surprising). Mainly because no one in hpc is trying... The few that are are blowing things out of the water[0]. [0] https://www.hzdr.de/db/Cms?pNid=3227 I was in the stream and while at least some of the feats accomplished (partitioning the disk, installing the right things, changing the password) seemed to have some authenticity to it, the chat started to try to install nmap, then it tried investigate networking capabilities, tried to ping 8.8.8.8, to start dhcpcd, then tried to ping 8.8.8.8 again...all in rapid succession before anyone really discussed it at all. It certainly seemed fishy. It's kind of upsetting. It was very exciting in the beginning--the internet installing a bootable arch linux system by voting for a single character at a time in under 3 hours...seemed unimaginable. But after the dhcpcd stuff started, it felt like that victory was taken from us. EDIT: it WAS a botnet, see the reply from pdaddyo Most likely the OP would have been nypa'd out of there. Reading the headline, it sounded like astroturfing. Instead, he's being helpful and providing some very useful information from his experience as an engineer from google itself. What a thoughful fellow! Perhaps they read hn? That was one of the main take aways of the article I found, that such powers (fiscal policy and tax policy and spending) lie with law makers, not the fed. They could take it since you're a prisoner. Funny, I didn't see that in her name. Further from the main topic but related to your sentiment. One of the best ways to deal with this is to have more experienced guys who have faced these difficulties hanging around. I am a theorist in an experimental laser group, and the group head remarked on a possible counter-intuitive arcing between two separated plates (for the sake of making an electric field) when pumping out the air in a chamber. One would expect that pumping out the air reduces the "stuff" (air) that could support a current between the plates, but due to other physics (longer mean-free path) actually allows a sweet point in which the plates can arc, possibly ruining equipment like power supplies. No one thinks about this until it happens because it's physically counter-intuitive, and its too late...it really is one of those "never happens until it happens" sort of unexpected catastrophes that even if you read it in a book, you'd probably never remember it. He said this is why it's important to have newer grad students work with senior graduate to provide continuity and experience so these mistakes don't reoccur...that, I suppose, the horrific memory of destroying expensive power supplies helps the senior grads remember it better compared to someone reading a list of warning labels in a manual... I'm assuming if you're a small start-up, you don't have more experienced people unless you hire them. So yeah, something like the C++-faq for general hacking suggestions is fun, if someone reads it. (don't want to nitpick) Chromodynamic? As in QCD? We certainly are not probing anywhere near those regimes :) Also, conductivity is not the thing to think about, arcing has to do with dielectric breakdown. I guess my loosey-goosey explanation (less stuff to support current, as in less valence electrons to get stripped off to actually make a current from negative to positive plates) confused it a little. Did the people who they bombed operate drones? AFAIK, france doesn't conduct drone warfare. It could be, I suppose, that someone could simply hate western culture due to the acts of one nation, but that doesn't make it right. If you hate all Muslims because of the acts of few, you're most likely in the wrong. The same morality should apply to the people on the other side. Offtopic, but while multiculturalism makes certain things difficult (like congress in the US now, agreeing on policy) diversity also helps in other ways (like being able to understand and deal with those who aren't like you and don't agree with you). One example of an extremely sucessful, multicultural society is Singapore. And, be honest, for all of America's faults, it's still a world power and one of the largest economies in the world. I wanted to get back to your comment given that this thread has erupted into a political discussion. I just wish you the best, and I hope that I am correct in saying that a lot of us have our thoughts with you and the rest of you in Paris. And just like that almost a half hour watching that passes by...thanks :) I'm a gentoo user and before preserved libs came in, updates to libpng required recompilation of almost everything on a system. So while libpng is unknown to most linux users, gentoo peeps are well aware of it. Anyway, this is exactly the question I wanted to ask, whether stuff like this counts against bundling. I am, however, not very experienced in these things, I'm curious if anyone else who has more experience with distribution of software could weigh in on whether there is a way to mitigate this issue when it comes to people who choose to bundle software for ease for users' sake. No that's exactly right. I'm specifically referring to your [0] comment. It allows me to spread the compilation over a longer time (days) while being able to use the old things without breakage. Before, I had to recompile everything and things would be unworkable until everything was recompiled. I now have a number of boxes with distcc so compilation times aren't that bad nowadays. But back in 2010 or so, when I just had a shitty gateway laptop, dealing with libpng version bumps was a weekend affair. So do a mix? Make system libs shared and apps bundled when they are needed? Can't the app store work like your package manager anyway? Speaking from ignorance here, I want to know if it's possible. Not to mention that there was Christian justification of slavery, even while the story of Moses inspired blacks to dream of freedom. Should kblocker block itself? You mean Harold from the future doesn't? And they're still around...perhaps we do eventually end ageing but only for people as rich as the Kardasians. I once got one of the senior researchers in my group talking about the harsh task of writing scientific articles before the advent of the personal computer(and LaTeX, of course). Back in those days, he had to do the usual handwriting of a draft of his papers, hand that off to a secretary, who'd, by rule, only type up two drafts of any of the faculty's manuscripts. They had to be very careful, then, what they sent off...that it was polished and ready for submission to a journal. Then, when someone had a figure to include (again, before the advent of matlab), they had to plot out their data by hand, then send it off to the art department. Journals back in the day had strict requisites on the quality, type (font) of figures, and on their readability, and the artists were careful to follow these rules, turning handwritten figures into quality, readable, and informative figures. Nowadays, you have no fucking idea how often I have to read a paper with figures that are just plain confusing, un-insightful, and with types and labels that are unreadable, and defeat the whole purpose of a scientific paper: to disseminate and communicate your findings. I get it that STEM'ers happy now that they no longer have to talk to the art department, but so often, they do not realize how important design is and how you need at least a modicum of design sense, especially when the entire point of you writing a paper (after using it when writing for grants) is to communicate with your fellow scientist your findings. Design is so much more than "color of packaging," design is readability, type, structure of visual elements, and yes color. Moreover, design , as the name implies, is art for a purpose ; often for, yes, attention grabbing and customer wooing, but for us scientists, design plays an important role in the communication process. And going back to color, for fuck's sake, some choices colormaps can really hurt the quality of your publication! 10 panes of Jet heatmaps, each with different limits on each pane? Give me a break. Design is important, just as much as literacy is important, just as much as knowing limits before you memorize the derivative of a sine function is important. Just because you have LaTeX and bootstrap doesn't mean design isn't important anymore, even though it's easier. No one can do everything, but being humble enough to learn from people outside your field (even outside science) can make you a better STEM'er, especially when it comes to sharing your cool ideas. Undergrad + PhD? :/ I'm curious about this. A lot of us in the computational world have to deal with able but slow iterative methods for things like fluid dynamics and electromagnetic simulations. I'd be interested to know if this works with MHD, and how well it does. Most likely, their obstinant attitude will be whitewashed in history by those on their side. Another possibility: she's not the pope, and while her hunches might be right a good majority of the time, she's not infallible. To be fair, Breivik was an individual, while ISIS is a movement. I am aware of the "white power" movement that exists online, some are just trolls but some are serious, and there is always this moment in which it feels the jokes are a little too sincere...I say this as a non-white male. Moreover, beyond stormfront and trolls, there do indeed exist political, nationalist parties and groups. Nonetheless, Breivik, unless I'm wrong about it, was not part of a movement trying to dominate the world and install a Christian kingdom, so ISIS differs from the white "movement" in that regard. In regards to the current discussion, I am not sure which side of the argument I am on. I am not a Muslim so I can only comment from what I see from the outside. I have Muslim friends who are not at all sympathetic to ISIS or any of its friends, so I don't find it hard to believe that most Muslims find ISIS reprehensible as most Christians found Breivik. However, I have the opinion that nations in the region need to step up because ISIS threatens their freedom. There needs desperately to be a fight against ISIS in the form of a fight against their ideology... a movement that teaches that hatred and intolerance is not the way of Islam. I am not a Muslim, so I have no right to demand that of my Muslim brothers and sisters, especially as they've endured much in terms of discrimination in France (as that fascinating New Yorker pointed out) and elsewhere, but the ideology of hatred will survive bombs and invasions, if not be inflamed by it. The only way we can defeat ISIS is to defeat their message. One thing I've been waiting for (and if I had the time, I'd love to work on something like this) is scientific javascript. I love es6 and classless oop[0] that javascript provides (and general dynamic-ness) but the lack of operator overloading makes mathy infix operators work with an array-like type not possible in native js. Something that had the "functional", dynamic semantics of javascript with the natural notation that numpy has (with its broadcasting rules) would be fantastic. Stuff like plotly is great, but as far as I can tell, I'm not going to be able to use it any time soon because I'm not going to write a >10 term expression in javascript when every '+' becomes a 'add(a,b)' or 'a.add(b)'. [0] https://youtu.be/bo36MrBfTk4?t=33m45s In the lab http://arxiv.org/abs/1511.03189 Depends on the experiment. If it is a "perfect experiment" (gedankenexperiment), and you measure the spin in the same direction a second time while not perturbing the experiment in anyway, the state should be in the state you measured it before. It is now an eigenstate of the spin operator (say, if you measured in a direction z, it is an eigenstate of S_z) and it will stay that way until it is disturbed. Honest question, people say this a lot, but why do we just have to do it without resisting it? I'd hope that the point of education to avoid that kind of reasoning (or lack thereof) as much as possible, not just to give our preconceived notions a tapestry of intellectualism. To give this a better framing, say after Sandy Hook, I'd wager that the first response in the mind of a liberal was, "Fuck! See, guns kill! If we didn't have the 2nd ammendment, so many children wouldn't have had to die!" For a conservative, their first response might have been, "Fuck! This is why teachers need guns to protect their children from crazymen! More children didn't have to die!" May be I'm a little too naive, but I really don't think people are insincerely manufacturing rage, both are upset about the tragedy, they just rationalize it in the mental framework they already have, and they sincerely respond with that mindset. I think the better question is why can't we be more rational/scientific about this. Forget gut feelings, put down a spreadsheet (at least) how many instances of this statistic correlate with this hypothesis. If it doesn't work, clearly your intuition is wrong, and there's nothing wrong with that, you just need to sharpen your intuition. I'd like to see government work like that, but neither side seems to want to do something like that. I have WOW internet, and their provided modem was an Arris modem. It was a piece of garbage, so I bought a Netgear modem, sent the Arris back, and got $10 savings on my internet bill (for renting the crap modem). I'm even happier about that choice now. And yes, my new modem is DOCSIS 3. The basic argument I have against this is that people say things that make assumptions they don't realize and those assumptions can be testable. Let me give an example. Say you have a liberal who says, "regardless of whether we go into debt or not," since that is an objectively measurable observable, "we should spend more on education because education is something I value." That already has a problem: it assumes spending more on education increases the quality of education; therein lies a testable hypothesis that we can demonstrate true or false. If a liberal is offended by that notion, that is what I'm arguing against--for me, ideas just aren't "so obvious" that they can't be demonstrated, if it's true, there better be evidence for its truth. If, for example, we spend more on education than other nations and we still have subpar outcomes (which is true, actually), then the stated reasoning "go into debt because we value education anyway" contains a false assumption and thus the argument is fallacious. Also, other assumptions could be violated here. To further use my analogy, another assumption the liberal has underpinning his arguments is that a state exists to provide education. If you're in debt to the point where your government bonds are considered crap by the market, your decision to spend more money on education could threaten the existence of your state. Therefore, once again, you're making an argument and not rigorously considering whether assumptions are/will remain true or not. Of course, you could change the "axioms" of the universe of discourse and just enshrine "spending on education is good regardless of whether it actually improves education or not," as a true, and at that point, you're right that I can no longer argue with you. However, I almost always hear an argument with a "because": "the right for free speech for the press is good because it ensures they report fairly and honestly and make their fellow citizens," or, "health-care as a right is good because the government providing healthcare to citizens increases the quality of their care and wellness." Whenever someone says this, there is something in there that is testable and they'd better be willing to demonstrate it, especially if my tax dollars are going to fund their ventures. Darn, it's been more than half a year, so I don't remember the model name. It just recall it was Arris and the webpage manager thing had similar graphics and look to the one in the article (although they probably all have that). Nonetheless, regardless if it is the same model as they tested, this demonstrates that I really shouldn't trust anything from Arris now. I'm 25, and I've lived in two cultures and racially I'm not white. I do not, however, understand this fear of offensive speech. Moreover, I cannot ignore the coincidence of the rise of this hypersensitivity and the rise of helicopter parenting and the general hand holding that has become more common for the last few years. Could these two things be related? When I was a kid ( on the same block as our school. I then moved to Palau, where my parents were from, in which the local kids make their own firecrackers with kerosene and mountain dew cans. To go from such a protected environment to a less protected one got me to see two different worlds...and may be "balanced" me out. Either way, when I returned to the US a few years ago, and I've begun to see this protectiveness intensify. Just today, I saw kids walking on the street lead by an adult with their hands holding onto a string. When I was a kid, I perhaps walked holding hands with a partner in line, but a string? I've even seen children on a leash... I understand, we should look to protect vulnerable children and teens from bad situations, but after a while, should we let people who are, as the article says, old enough to drive, marry, own guns, and some old enough to smoke and drink alcohol, make decisions and perhaps face the consequences of those decisions? This makes them more receptive to situations were they might be hurt or feel offense, and given that they are bound to face this, it will just make them better people and better adults. This has been discussed before it looks like[0], but at least pg[1] has stated that he sees downvoting for expressing disagreement is acceptable. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3760275 [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=117171 Does linux/ext3/ext4 have quirks like this? A relevant question is whether the newest version of v8 is any better than it was a year ago with respect to these issues. Where once logical criteria between science and non-science (or pseudo-science) were sought and taken seriously—Karl Popper’s criterion of “falsifiability” was perhaps the most famous, insisting that a sound theory could, in principle, be proved wrong by one test or another—many historians and philosophers of science have come to think that this is a naïve view of how the scientific enterprise actually works. They see a muddle of coercion, old magical ideas, occasional experiment, hushed-up failures—all coming together in a social practice that gets results but rarely follows a definable logic. Ugh, that "many historians or philosophers of science" comes off as the "informed sources" that conspiracy theorists claim have evidence of chemtrails or the reptilian brotherhood. Who exactly are these people and what is precisely their argument? In my opinion, this is the single greatest thing that distinguishes science from other fields, it is inductive reasoning[0] taken to an extreme. Therefore, if anyone has reason to doubt Popper's criterion, then that should be of heavy focus in the article. The author is almost guilty of "argument by inaccessible literature"[1] for what I would think is the most important part of his argument. However, he does make an important point. Science is a human endeavour, and given that, it has issues that human institutions have. However, assuming uniformity of cognitive biases across both scientists and magicians[2], this just puts them on equal footing, while scientists have their experimental criterion, which then puts them ahead of magicians anyway. With regards to the entanglement saga, I think the reason no one heard about it is much more mundane...there simply was no way to test it until Bell's inequality, so scientists didn't think about it. So yes, "just ignore it" was the solution because without a testable hypothesis, and may be some interesting math, scientists just don't pursue it. In that way, science might suffer due it being performed by human scientists who do have moods, but once experiment entered the picture, boy did the field blow up! I don't think it had much to do with changing attitudes as much as it came with the ability to test Bell's inequality. The same could be said about GR, with the current advances in numeric GR in the last decade spurring interest in it. It is because our moods change, but I think it has a lot more to do with the feasibility of advancement in a field that it does with external influences like the internet or cultural changes. There are many other interesting problems with established physics, like Godel's metric[3], but, as you guessed it, you don't hear about it because there is no experimental evidence of it, so physicists look elsewhere. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inductive_reasoning [1] http://staffhome.ecm.uwa.edu.au/~00043886/humour/invalid.pro... [2] (which is a scientifically testable hypothesis! but I am unqualified to give evidence for it either way [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gödel_metric Media might be part of it, but I think it's a little deeper than that, it's an issue with society and norms. I've learned as a scientist a bit more about giving presentations than I thought I ever would, and something I've been told time and time again is that you act with confidence; the smallest hint you might doubt what you're presenting can be damaging to how people will receive your message in the first place. This is a bit general in society, people often equate confidence with truth and accuracy, which is not necessarily a good correlation. Because of that, scientists are under pressure when presenting to the public to downplay their doubts or not mention particular points they are unsure of. That's why issues in science don't get airplay even though most scientists are aware of issues in their own field. The reality is that reality is complicated, and people's perception of reality is even more complicated, so it's no surprise that science is a very hairy thing with a tinge of uncertainty at times. However, the outsider's reaction to that is to respond to it with binary reasoning, saying that, "this means they're wrong because it isn't 100% true" instead of how scientists really see is, as "85% true, so,almost right." My reading of the article didn't imply that it was soley on the basis of friendship, but just that one of his members was a close friend. EDIT: s/one/some/; s/a close friend/close friends/ H2O is acidic, producing a significant concentration of H+ ions (arguably, the strongest reducing agent) at a concentration of 7 pH, or equivalently, 10^16 ions per liter of water! Perhaps some people can't take a joke. FWIW, I upvoted you. They definitely are selling off of their fame (or notoriety) here. I could go out to the main street today and say "Hi all! I'm selling nothing for $5!" and I'd get nothing because I'm not Cards Against Humanity. They must be living the Millenialist dream, get money for literally (not figuratively at all) doing nothing but asking for it. I also suggest that with high income inequality the rich simply do not have the ability to raise the entire lower class significantly with donations The paper (linked elsewhere in the comments) suggests something along those lines. In addition, where greater inequality exists, the living conditions of the poor are particularly bleak and the apparent costs of low economic standing are more glaring. These settings may increase higher-income individuals’ concerns about losing their privileged position, concerns that in turn may lead to less willingness to share resources with others. In contrast, where inequality is low, higher-income individuals might be as generous as their lower-income counterparts, or even more generous because their greater capacity to give makes giving more affordable to them. That reasoning might have not made it into the ars article. While this is worthwhile discussion to have, I'm not sure it really explains this effect. They found that lower income people (in the lower 15% range) in those same unequal areas did not demonstrate this correlation. Are the poor somehow less aware of the beneficial impacts that a gift to another in the dictator game will raise that other person's stature in life? I think the proper response is to not silence or discourage any speech, but to make sure non-straight white (non-){0,1}guys have no fear of speaking just like their straight white brethren. The poster you're replying to stresses again and again that this refers to public spaces. Even so, I'm not sure discrimination and harassment reach the same bar as discussing things like abortion in the abstract, for example. Personally, I'm not sure I'd support anyone harassing another personally, although if speech isn't intimidating to a person, you can't say it's harassment, I think (IANAL). Any astronomers want to weigh in? If the natives are so against it being built, why not build elsewhere? I think this sums up the attitude of most of those confounded young'un Millennials, myself included. I like the idea that Youtube remembers the videos I've watched so that it rec's others, it's a useful feature of the site. The fact that someone else, a person, could see that information, that is upsetting. It's probably difficult to have one without the other, however. Hiding the source of funding doesn't seem like the worst of issues, although it certainly makes some research look suspect for its partiality. The worst part is avoiding a good journal. For some professions, just publishing in a sham journal can be pretty harmful for one's reputation...hence the reluctance many have for publishing in open access journals. May be link to the nature article: http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v528/n7581/full/nature1... I was skeptical at first, but seeing it in nature essentially gives it quite the stamp of approval I've always wondered about this. Whether or not the universe has an infinite number of things or not, human beings and thus science will be constrained to measuring and understanding a countable subset of phenomena in the universe. If that is the case, then it seems like the universe of discourse in science is really countable, up to an extent. Parametrizations of the theories may be continuous, like spacetime is continuous, but can the body of "scientifically tested statements" be continuous? You can only put every scientifically tested theory into a one-to-one correspondence with the number of experiments done to test them, which is a countable set. Is it really impossible to have some system of axioms where most statements you care about (ie. can make a physical experiment out of) can be decided? If you can't measure something (ie., decide it someway from your theory or leave it as a free parameter), it's not science, string-theory nonwithstanding. I know due to Godel in principle that a logical system can't be complete, but science is a little more specified beyond just logical consistency, it has to be experimentally verifiable, which is a constraint that the mathematics used by science doesn't have. What I'm hinting at is there is a subset of logical statements that the mathematics of science contains defined by the set of experimentally testable statements, and this subset is decidable given independent axioms and free parameters. EDIT: to expand upon this further, things like the continuum hypothesis are interesting from a mathematical perspective, let's say I'm Godel and I assert that CH is false and there is some set A "in between" the reals and N in cardinality. However, if my friend Enrico Fermi wants to do experiments and he wants me to do a calculation, I won't use elements from A because it wouldn't be useful for his experiments in with particle physics. Worse, I can't even use all the real numbers, because he'll need numbers he can compare to his measurements, so I'm restricted to a countable subset of even the reals, and of course, I'm restricted to using statements from the decidable subset of mathematics. There's a big difference between what mathematics is capable of saying and what we observe in the real world. Even if the real world had a set of undecidable facts, the fact that the only way science can understand it is by experiments restricts falsifiable scientific statements to a subset of mathematical statements which is incomplete (because of the need of axioms and free parameters like the mass of particles or their charge, fundamental constants, etc), but decidable within it's axioms, because otherwise, it's not testable and it's not science. I might be confusing this thread with another. The posters there claimed that when considering the infinite number of possible systems that you end up with undecidable statements. Probably countability has nothing to do with this. Also, the popular article linked elsewhere seems to imply that this has very real implications on experiment, which is upsetting. I think people know this, they just don't want to admit it. As someone who works with people who used to work with ICF, I've been told the reason that NIF flunked is that it was designed with 1D simulation codes because back then, that's all they could manage. One of the issues they inevitably ran into were plasma instabilities similar to Rayleigh-Taylor instabilities[0] that one only sees in two (or more) dimensional systems, but not 1D. These instabilities reduce the efficacy of heating and compression needed to achieve ignition, and were an unpleasant surprise when they actually performed the experiments. Even to this day, 2D simulations are fairly common and littered throughout the literature, and their justification (arguments of approximate symmetry) are suspect, at least to me. 3D sims are coming on the scene, but they often have to sacrifice things like spatial resolution that hurt's the simulation's physics in other way. Computational feasibility is one of the things physicists in that field need to admit is holding them back, and may be a little humility in seeking out advice from computer scientists is warranted in my opinion[1]. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rayleigh%E2%80%93Taylor_instab... [1] this statement won't give me much criticism here, but it wouldn't go down well in a room of my peers. This is an often repeated statement, but I'm curious if it's true or not, ie., has this been seen anywhere? Hence his comment. He's replying to people who claim all/most transactions in capitalism are willful actions by free, rational actors. The electron seems to very much be point-like[0], and its lack of decay, now with an extraordinary bound on its lifetime--these observations seem to suggest the electron really is the fundamental particle the standard model says it is. It's interesting, as time goes on and more data comes in, the standard model is verified again and again, much to the chagrin of theoretical particle physicists who hope for more beyond the standard model. I once saw a talk by Fabiola Gianotti, the leader of the ATLAS detector when the Higgs was discovered, and she said that the lack of evidence for supersymmetry might lead to a "crisis" in particle physics. It was surprising, because up till that point, she spoke matter-of-factly, but it's possible what she's saying is true. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electron_electric_dipole_momen... Many things carry negative charge in particle physics, as others have pointed out. It is the lightest and, as we now to extreme scales, most stable. What do you mean? They asked you to compute something but expected you to use a lookup table instead? Every time something like this happens, non-technical people don't know how to respond to it. Just look at the DNC Chairwoman's response[0], "That is just like if you walked into someone's home when the door was unlocked and took things that don't belong to you in order to use them for your own benefit." Essentially, "gray-hat" hacking isn't always seen as a friendly warning to the vulnerable as much as it might be an attack. One has to wonder, if one could draw a physical parallel between a trespassing and gray-hat style hack, if you did enter someones house, take their gold watch from their bedroom, then walk down to you sitting at your breakfast table and tap you on the shoulder, and then say, "Hey bro, your door was open, and you didn't even secure your jewelry in a safe with a key in case someone did break in. I did this to demonstrate your house's vulnerabilities, you should be grateful! May be even give me a little something for my troubles..." Of course, the parallel might not be fair, since one can't draw a parallel between a private house and a server with a public facing access point to sensitive material, so the closest proxy I can think of is a bank. Still, a similar parable can be drawn here: You rob a bank without tripping alarms and hand the manager $30000 of stolen money, and claim you did it to warn him/er of issues with the vault's security. In that case, it's plausible to assume s/he might not be that receptive. I think it's great that penetration testers and people of the like are very willing to do the hard work of finding holes in security systems--and not use it for nefarious purposes, but actually disclose it to companies so that they can holster their systems--but how exactly is the hacked party supposed to take it? [0] http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/18/politics/bernie-sanders-campai... can't edit, but my "you's" got switched up in my story about breaking into someone's house. Well, it's not like those levers don't exist for HN readers, right? HN Examples: Python Quirks (hnclickba.it) 35 points by hnclickbait 4 hours ago | flag | 10 comments >python quirks...the last article a couple of months ago basically was like `a,b=[[]] * 2; a.append(1); print(b)' and other such things I've known since my mother's knee, but may be there might be interesting nuggets this time, why not click. Fusion (phys.org) 54 points by fusionnerd_plsgimmegrant 5 hours ago | flag | 20 comments >Fusion results! Yeah, for the last year, every fusion article was a rehash of the same scientific, layman description of fusion, and a paragraph summarizing the latest result which pushed us incrementally towards it, but may be there is something really new here! I'd like to think that HN has much more intelligent articles and a much more intelligent viewership, but we're driven by psychology too. Not to mention our biases, and while we endeavor to overcome them, they still drive us to an extent. I wager that decisions (like reading an article or not) is still a linear combination of interest, will, and yes, the psychology of anticipation and information gap as discussed in the article. The weights on subconcious driver "terms" in the linear combination might be lesser than the others but I'm pretty sure they still play a roll. Worse, by his definition of "see", one might as well say no one has ever seen the wind. No one is arguing whether science is over, they are arguing whether modern theoretical physics is science. Another thing somewhat impacted by this issue that people don't think about is that we might not be able to keep up this pace in research for things like string theory for non-scientific reasons: specifically, science funding has flat-lined while the number of students entering the fundamental research fields is increasing. Really, particle physics is probably one of the most saturated fields in theoretical physics today. There simply isn't enough room for everyone to study what they want. Therefore, given the "zero-sum game" situation we have, we need to decide where it's beneficial to spend our tax dollars and time researching...or most likely, governments who barely understand how to balance a budget will decide it for us. Given that string theory's only argument at this point is suspect amongst a plurality of traditional scientists, it seems like low-hanging fruit to be picked off the funding tree. Regarding the "keep researching" line in higher level theory that the end of the article and you seem to be promoting...I think yes, you will always have people researching something out there, although honestly, the people who will be able to will most likely be at a certain number of institutions which can be enumerated on one or two hands. The rest of theoretical particle physics? I guess the sustainability of that program is dependent on the stress tolerance of physics graduate students and post-docs for the time going forward. The other way out is to, you guessed it, work in research that is testable, and leads to fancy toys the beltway boys can appreciate. I might be restricting it to government funding, so this might be true. Considering this in the context of the rest of my post, I'd think this kind of money is restricted to practical, applied fields, not quantum gravity. I do suppose once in a blue moon, a wealthy benefactor might want to support a grad student doing string theory. Still, the exceedingly small number of rich people willing to pay out for esoteric physics guarantees it will go to researchers working in those finger-enumerable universities as I said. For the larger pool of physicists across the country that mainly would be paid by NSF grants and the like? They lose out to the condensed matter physicists making leaps and bounds in material science. On second reading of your post, you may be implying it isn't zero sum due to more money going to the applied physicists, leaving some for the stringy guys. It might be true, my impression is that it isn't enough[0], but I could be wrong. [0] This is somewhat out of my ass, but it is tempered by colloquia at my university I've attended where this comes up from time to time. I'm not sure if this will stoke a flamewar, because I've never seen a discussion here on this (might just be hanging around different articles). Is there any technical reason to prefer clang over gcc other than ideological reasons? I get the modular nature of llvm is useful, but is the android NDK using this feature? Quick google search shows clang lagging gcc in all but one test[0] at least on Intel Broadwell. Again, what is the benefit other than permissiveness of the license? [0] http://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&item=clang-gcc... This is almost a year old, though >Whether published in Nature or a lesser journal That's upsetting. Nature is usually quite the stamp of approval. I have some acquaintances who have critical views of Nature, but they dare doubt the rigor of their publications. That was the gist of the article. To be very honest, whenever I see any political group supporting this or that bill, I have to roll my eyes. The thought that change could be wrought by this congress voting on anything when it is the congress that has enacted the least number of laws of any US congress in recent history[0] is one that is rooted in futility. It seems like those votes against obamacare, just political showmanship without the serious hope of getting anything really accomplished. The last major changes to law/goverment in this country have been either by the courts(gay marriage, citizens united) or executive action(draw down of the war on drugs). Has anything been done through congress in the last few years where it is supposed to originate? None I can think of other than a couple of standouts. We need to fix the election finance system. That is the first problem before we can think that anything can really be effected through congress, as it is supposed to be. [0] http://www.politico.com/story/2014/12/congress-numbers-11365... The separation of powers is between divisions of government, not political parties. Also, once you fix campaign finance, you'll have people who will vote to representatives who will fix redistricting issues. Probably not a representative sample, but the recent Ohio elections showed that partisan gerrymandering is not popular. Once the electorate has representatives that need not worry about appeasing special interests, their will will be done. A valid point, but the post were replying to is making the mistake of simply lumping together groups of people due to their race (and across times, which makes it worse) which is a particular form of hatred known as racism. This is the same hatred Blacks face which is arguably the ultimate cause of the injustice they faced in the 1700s and today. More racism isn't going to help alleviate this issue. EDIT: I want to emphasize that I really think that persistent racial injustices is a worthy topic, even though I just said it's a "valid point". Also, eevilspock is, I think, making a good point about the current injustices against blacks in America in a comment further down in the thread. He also distinguishing in that comment that it isn't whites as a race but that it is their culture and their place of power over blacks in history...and that in some alternate history, it's possible roles can be reversed. A first reading of his post seems like he is lumping all whites into a bin which is racism in my view, but after reading his second comment, I can see he might have not meant to come across in that way. Random Question. What are the prospects for someone entering graduate school in mathematics, say if they have a post graduate degree in another STEM field, later in life? Assuming they can take the math GRE and score well? May I ask further, what field? Is it more applied or theoretical (I guess that is answered by the field). >It's a conscious policy decision[...]and when Obama effectively made it permanent in 2013 You say it as if it was intentional. This was in the heat of the fiscal cliff on new years of 2013[0]. Hard to claim that it was very much a rational, deliberated decision. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_fiscal_cliff Is this really true? This is almost stranger than fiction. I mean, anyone can post something on pastebin. Can anyone else vouch for the truth of this (Having seen it on twitter). For a little on the history of Linux and unix in Mr. Murdock's life, I found this piece by him a very nice read. http://ianmurdock.com/post/how-i-came-to-find-linux/ > A lot of the math articles articles are very poorly written This is emphatically not the case in my experience. I believe I wrote a runge-kutta numeric solver using the wikipedia articles as the source. It was sufficient for my purposes. And yes, Wikipedia is not a textbook. You might want to be more specific what "improvements" were attempted. If you mean something like exercises and lengthy, worked out examples, then that's right, I'm not sure that fits in wikipedia more than it fits in a book. Do you suppose one day, dang will be replaced by a RNN that auto rejects all possible dupes? Isn't this really true of all organizations, not just ones staffed with volunteers? One organization I'd think this applies well to is academia. It seems like a number of people commenting here don't use instagram other than passively. You aren't allowed to have links on instagram pics, and as others have mentioned that this helps with spam issues, but the idea that instagram "looks inwards" isn't doesn't lead to isolation and the same can be said for twitter. People do connect to each other across ig and twitter using hashtags, so in a way, hashtags help link people together in a way that links didn't. Something I like about hashtags over links is that the content you link to now isn't specific and thus there is no filter. This is how I discover content and content producers (photographers) I wouldn't have discovered otherwise. For example, something I love is #komorebi[0]. I have discovered and followed a number of people from Japan and elsewhere on the basis of that hashtag and I wouldn't have found them if I could only go link by link. Hashtags effectively make a large number of nodes in the graph adjacent to you, while with hyperlinks, you'd have to travel from node to node through one edge at a time, making finding interesting content more difficult. What might differ then with the old web is that people are no longer represented by websites, they are represented by profiles, profiles that are somewhat limited, somewhat forced into a mold, so that it is easier to polish and curate them. That is a discussion in and of itself, but the point I'm trying to make is that there is connection between people going on, and in some ways, better than before. [0] http://english.stackexchange.com/questions/181055/english-eq... Using hashtags gives your content eyes and gives Right, I fumbled on my grammar in that one sentence, but what I meant is that the nature of instagram with its "inward looking"-ness doesn't disconnect content producers from content consumers. Actually, ig connects many of us together, that is my experience at least. I'm not disagreeing with the idea that ig is inwards looking. Anyway, that sounds like the next big startup, a simple service that links hashtagged (and otherwise tagged) content from ig, twitter, blogs, and puts its access into one portal. I'm obviously biased here, but to be fair to instagram, you do have the option of putting links in your profile. This is how the spammers on ig work, they make a profile featuring a girl with big boobs, then they heart a bunch of random photos, then put a link for "more intimate pictures" in their profile. Besides the stupid spamming, many instagrammers put a link to their blog or website in their profile, and if a specific pic has a blogpost associated with it, they mention that in the description. Yes, it is an extra step and makes the process harder for sharing external content, but I think it fits instagram very well. Instagram really isn't for blogging or communication (despite the messenging service they rolled out a while back.) It's for photo sharing, and being focused yields a better experience for doing just that. That still sounds like the pie fallacy. The idea is that wealth is not a global conserved quantity, but can be created by individuals. One need not "enlarge the pie" globally so that the poor can have more of it. It's more like the rich create more of it and the poor create/obtain less of it. To you and foldr, I was only responding to his comment, that such reasoning still sounded like the pie fallacy. If you really need my personal opinion, I believed that wealth inequality is a problem before I read pg's essay because it seemed persuasive. I still disagree with a bit of it, but I don't like shutting off others' ideas due to my biases[0]. You make an interesting point though, the idea of how wealth is distributed after does have an underlying value judgement, as you point out. To be fair to pg, he is responding to an often used argument that assumes wealth is a zero sum game rather than it being who gets more of the wealth created. He is right then to claim that given his values (and those shared by most people in America, remember, we still are center-right on most things) and within that moral framework where ownership determines who reaps the benefits, his logic is correct. However, with your values where it seems that benefits should go to those who invest more[1] should earn a proportional amount, it may be suspect. [0] At least the ones I can identify. [1] On second thought, many in America would agree this is a worthy moral framework. I do too. Well, having both % and .format was already a clear deviation from it. The Sumerians had it right? Am I going to be the only one to comment that the article actually was pretty cool? He put up some really nice plots in a masterful way, which is better than most of the hand-waving I see here. The best attempt he put forward to deal with the distribution of numbers one would see in daily life (a generalization of the "non-metric" argument) is using Benford's Law[0], which is as good a blog post that doesn't turn to hardcore statistics (of all numbers used, if any such thing actually exists) can do. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benford's_law FWIW, I've seen worse code in closed source, computational codes. Still, I always thought GNU were in a better category than the rest of us. Does this mean jquery will lose a significant part of its utility? Au contraire my friend, I've seen C code with "functions" that are >1000 lines long, probably ~10 parameters with lovely names like `lfp`, and where probably 40% of those lines are #ifdef and #endif. The same code would be much simpler with C++ templates, but the "C being simple" really translates into limited, then you have that some have who never learned how to use macros and this unfounded and misunderstood fear of goto that gives you a nice long lines of error checking, each that that are duplicated if statements character by character where a goto and a single error handler would have worked. Perhaps this is an exception, but low-level in my case did not correspond to simple code. On a old slashdot flame thread on GUI vs. CLI back in the day, I pointed out that calling CLIs less familiar and less intuitive when compared to GUIs wasn't fair because CLI's do have a very familiar, non-virtual analog: speech. CLI, of course, it just a very specific and rigid language, just like programming languages. I think the thing is in reality, there is no "true self" or "true identity" but there might be layers of identity that turn on or off depending on the situation. It's not like your persona mode is fake or anything. The only real sting is when a persona is based on lies or contradicts a larger part of your personality is when you get into trouble. Quick Google, but see [0]. Moreover, there's no doubt that 60% is a clear majority, which is striking, to be honest. EDIT: And I forgot the link :) [0] http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/02/19/1-in-3-women-sexual... TFA says: >60% of women in Tech reported unwanted sexual advances. > > -- 65% of women who report unwanted sexual advances had received advances from a superior, with half receiving advances more than once > -- 1 in 3 have felt afraid of their personal safety because of work related circumstances (emphasis mine) Power-imbalanced? Yes, for 39% of them, and 30% had some multiple times. I agree that "unwanted advance" could mean someone asked me out and I didn't like them. I'll be honest, I don't deal with that problem myself because men aren't asked by women in our society, but I think you should define what you think draws the line between unwanted and inappropriate. Good point, there are two possibilities here: 1) There is a bias in the cited sample (not the huffpo's, the op's). 2) Silicon Valley is one sleazy place. I want to be open minded because I as a man am someone oblivious to a lot of these issues, but it might be called for if we had some details on the OP's study. Side complaint, it'd be awesome if they put id's on the tags for each subheading, so linking to each would be a pinch. If the authors are reading this, consider that. The third paragraph: >Paul Graham, a venture capitalist and one of the founders of the startup incubator Y Combinator, would have you believe this rising inequality is a good thing. Or, at very worst, the inevitable consequence of a good thing. Times like this makes me think that different parties write the article titles than those who write the articles. The article has some good points, but it has some weak arguments, specifically its "evidence" for correlation between executive pay and union membership as evidence that workers are paid less, that's somewhat of a jump. Also, there's this > Total venture capital funding remains well below late-1990s levels, even before you adjust for inflation You mean the dot-com bubble???? Not the best thing to compare to... Regardless of these, the article makes a good point, specifically with the 86% of income gains that are "not explained" by entrepreneurship...may be the goal shouldn't be attacking income inequality specifically as much as it should be rent-seeking. Another way to think of this, if you'll forgive my pro-business tone here, say that that 14% who actually create value generate a significant portion of the utility gains (if not income as well) for the rest of us. We could be harming the incomes of the 99% in that case by gutting the 86% and the 14%. The solution is a scalpel, not a pick-axe. That is one of the possible resolutions stated in the article, which is one that I think is worthy. You can do both. I love seeing the blue sky and clouds and I love just walking outside even if a bike ride or bus ride would be faster. I also want to not be late for work, and have enough time to finish my errands. I want to have comfort and pay off my student loans and see Europe before I turn 35 (had to move the goal posts, unfortunately). It comes down to balancing things. Also, chatting with a sales clerk, really, experiencing life is not a "simple pleasure" for some people, me included. If I had all the "important things" but couldn't see a white cloud for the rest of my life, I would consider that a failed life. In the end, we all have what we call "important" and what we call "bullshit", and it does vary from person to person. In the case anyone like me was confused about their use of the term "scale invariance", I'll say that for physicists, as the name implies, scale invariance deals with a symmetry of a system under a change of scale, say of the dynamics or the lagrangian[0]. However, it seems that a quick 10 second google seems to imply to me that neuroscientists and the like use scale invariance to refer to self-similarity[1]. This might be what the author means here. [0] Specifically, a scaling of the system corresponds to a simple scaling of the Lagrangian. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scale_invariance#Scale_invaria... [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scale_invariance#Fractals I am not a business man, but I am a developing scientist who's trained his graph reading bullshit detector. "Flat" is relative to the scale of the graph, and when you have a maximum on the graph (the 2001 bubble) that dominates, and changes that are not on the scale of the peak look like they are "flat". To fix this, change the time period from after 2002 to remove the offending peak. Then, you see pretty much a rise from the 2009 recession onward with wiggles in the number of deals. Of course, the only issue is as a non-business man, I don't know if 300 deals per quarter over ~7 years is a significant increase or not. Also, I don't know what is considered "normal" as I assume the minimum at 2009 is probably below the norm, so for all I know, we could be hovering just above 0. Still, there is definitely an upward trend there at least for the aggregate category (if that is what we are discussing). EDIT: 2016-2009 = 7, I can't count They might specifically mean blacks when they say "people of color", not that asians aren't a minority, but they person saying that might only be referring to their own race. I am not making a judgement call on what should be a "person of color", I'm just pointing out what they might mean. Unfortunately, I can't change the url I don't know, I can't speak for their military leaders, but I've read Soviet physics papers and they had (funded and educated) some solid scientists. Is it considered cheating to use files to "save state"? SPOILER: One thing I noticed doing this was that most of the interviews that weren't Alice in Wonderland snippets were less than 3 or 4 lines long. Rather than typing in the same long filtering for loop again and again, I basically outputting the list of "good interviews" to a file which was a `for i in $(cat goodinterviews);...` away. I wasn't sure if using the disk qualifies as just using the command line though... Also, I think more or less (the commands) are cheating just as much as an editor but many associate less as more of a "command line" tool, so the author should specifically forbid it. Also, grep -rn is a godsend in this case, might have made it too easy :) This was quite fun! Probably read the description. At least for me I do so. At least for [2], I'd suggest the community around Github is the reason many are reluctant to leave. If not love, then what else? Couldn't someone say you're addicted to work? To entrepreneurship? Solving problems? Or for many here, hacking? Probably the better superset is intellectual stimulation. Hacking, strategy games, crossword puzzles...all fall under that moniker, and are they so addicting too! It's just of great luck that unlike cocaine or love, hacking can lead to returns in other utilities like in money and a career. To be fair, it was written in 2010 back when c++11 was still c++0x and what the final feature set would be was still murky. It seems like it hasn't been touched since the year of publication of this article :) This is a more general phenomenom, like tends to hang out with like, not necessarily out of bigotry towards the un-likes, but just out of familiarity. It's really "seperate but equal" all over again. Honestly, it just comes down to being open minded, which has to happen on an individual level. I'm open minded by necessity, because there are very few of my race in the USA, much less my current city. I honestly think explicit scopes, even though unorthodox, should become more of a thing. I personally do it in my C play projects to emphasize particular parts in a function as being independent "subordinate clauses", and with variables that only have a limited scope, but not being independent enough to be factored into a function--for example when the clause needs to be within reach of a label. In C++ with RAII, the "emphasis" makes even more sense, to the extent that it doesn't make things ugly. It's almost as if everyone wants to see a crash. It's funny how crashes are almost psychological play at times. I hate "yo" as much as the next guy, but the pain of seeing a significant depreciation in wages for anyone far out weighs the joy I'd see from having my "gut feelings" about a bubble being proved right. Hence the sentiment. To be honest, the best part isn't the proof, it's the editor's note from Dyson. This is an interesting idea, but you shouldn't disparage '"pro-business" Conservatives', many of whom, I assure you, would not be your enemy in this endeavor. I severely dislike Gnuplot, but then again, I am wedded to Python. I'm not sure how versatile it is, at least from the slightly acquainted position I am. I'm a physicist, but in a different field, but my (possibly incorrect) impression is what a quantized particle is is a bit mysterious when the field is strong, for example, with lensing. Best example: the Hydrogen atom is supposedly quantum, but if it is quantum, where are the photons? the q^2/r potential is a mean field that one finds from classical electrodynamics, it isn't formed by the summation of photons. [Another mental poker, photons are momentum eigenstates, so how can potential be described in position space? You'd need to sum up an infinite number of them! (For EM students, recall how to represent 1/r in spherical harmonics or in terms of sines and cosines)] What happens, as I understand it, is with strong fields, one tends to use a semi-classical description because in the strong field limit, one deals with many photons, which should approach the classical limit. Basically, quanta are like "pertubations" of the fields from their "free" solutions, as they are in GR (linearization of the GR field eqns) and as they are in EM. Free essentially means in the absence of sources, like charges, or masses for GR. So trying to explain general phenomena in terms of "pertubations", which are basically the solutions for "free" fields, is not always fair. One doesn't always face this in high energy physics because in HEP, most of the incoming and outgoing states in a problem are these "free" solutions. For example when doing scattering off a hydrogen atom, the incoming states are "free" (a free nuclei, a free electron), so one can use photons for that phenomena, and one finds that the scattering is like scattering against a (mean) 1/r potential. But in the case where the strong fields don't turn off, like when you are bound to a Hydrogen atom, or when considering nucleons in nuclei in the low energy limit, one turns away from the pertubative, photon/gluon model and either solving the problem numerically or treats the fields as semi-classical, as with the Hydrogen atom. For my field of laser-plasma physics, this shows up in the so-called "Volker-state", rather than treating the strong laser field as a sum of innumerable (ie., not-simulatable) photons, one treats the Laser field as a semi-classical background for the quantum guys (electrons, ions). I think lensing is like strong static fields in EM. One wouldn't really think of them in terms of quanta of the field. "Score" is a term for successfully attracting a mate. It is not a power struggle per se but dating is a negotiation of sorts in order to reach a consensus about the nature of an interpersonal relationship between two individuals. In that sense, a girl can "score" a guy too, it isn't sexist per se. To be fair, she did say "no more games." She's sending mixed signals, which is human. Unfortunately, the author weighted the two disproportionally. >The word for Python is mature Exactly, one could use the same criteria of the OP and conclude C is "dying", and how wrong they'd be. Just because it seems like there isn't new and hot stuff for Python doesn't mean it is actively used and sought after today. Perhaps it's strange because Python always seemed like the hot new scripting language thing until it now where it has become the well known scripting language thing it is today I have to agree with x.f(y).g(z) vs g(f(x,y),z)...jquery or d3.js would be terribly obtuse with the latter only. But there are times when the functional notation is nicer than the OOish style. Really, having "both" is the right answer for libraries, although it might not always be possible. I suppose this proposal makes it easier for libs to do "both". Also, can someone clarify for me, even though he mentions multimethods, these aren't really multimethods, right? Since f(x,y) becomes x.f(y), I'm assuming there is polymorphism involving the runtime type of x, but not y too, or is C++ getting true blue runtime multimethods? That paper seems somewhat suspect. In their interpretation, they essentially hang their hat on the most suspect data that shows a percentage difference that just might lie in the margin. Scanning their other figures, the, so-called "reverse discrimination" that other findings suggest are well outside the error bars they plot. It doesn't further inspire my confidence that the authors are not psychologists but are computer scientists , which might explain such they make the mistake of weighing small changes so much...although that's because my impression of CS people is they don't deal with empirical data that much, which I may be wrong about. Their findings still might give evidence towards their hypothesis, but more because acceptance rates are on-par with men instead of beyond men as it was when their gender is obscured. I just chuckled a bit at the name of the documentary: _Zero_Days_ >Do you like the MacBook but don't like the OS? go ahead and change it, you can have triple boot. Sometimes[0]. P.S., if you're interested in helping, we'd all appreciate it! [0] https://bugzilla.kernel.org/show_bug.cgi?id=99891 So if Canonical can do one thing, I suppose it comes down to getting more beta-testing to get the UX better? I admit I haven't used it, but it seems like they have interesting ideas, it just fails on the delivery, not necessarily are their ideas (scopes, the whole convergence story) are flawed, they just need to do better on delivering. Are you being sarcastic? I ended up disabling javascript just to read that article. How about a parser that creates a high level flow chart out of normal code? Right, the so-called "level of abstraction" is just an abstraction for textual hackers, one that other hackers get but a visualizer like a "c to dot" parser wouldn't. You're basically making the abstract higher order domain of discourse the programming "language". >[...]but the 5X has all sorts of issues with bad performance. For example, opening the camera will often freeze the phone for 10-20 seconds. Odd, I have a nexus 5X and I do not have this issue. The camera is pretty responsive. I think I've experienced some momentary freezes (the number of which I can count on one hand after 3 months?). YMMV? Although using "ymmv" makes no sense because they are the same device... Also, the battery life is great and it is an good device over all. To be fair, both issues you mentioned are "soft" issues[0], albeit important ones. That doesn't quite seem like the "10%" the GP is referring to, or may be it is, but it gave me the impression he was talking about technical issues, not soft ones. [0] as in people/social/management issues This might be a good place to ask this: if one decides to go deep into Haskell, is it a good gamble? What does the job market look like for Haskell developers? I'll go ahead and say that it sounds extremely sincere and straight-forward, much unlike most official statements I've seen from the FBI. He does suggest that his view is right, but he does the right thing, as apple did, in supporting a public discourse about the so-called balance between privacy and safety. I know many people seem to gravitate to the extremes on every issue, but both Cook and Comey are right in saying that we as a nation need to question our fundamental assumptions in our thinking and think through what the would be the best balance between the two, if there be any. As Comey says, and I personally agree with this, the "balance" shouldn't be decided "by corporations that sell stuff for a living" or by "the FBI which investigates for a living,"...or in general, the government. We shouldn't be grass in a fight between two elephants. The American people need to decide how much involvement both government and large multinational corporations have in their lives. That's what this all comes down to, after all. Argos sounds cool, but yes, it seems like it'd only work in high density areas, where, surprise, it's easy to just go and buy such things in person. Amazon was a godsend for me when I went to college in rural TN, so an Argos like model wouldn't have helped there. I basically, yes, took advantage of their cheap shipping in that case, although I did have prime. Someone explain this to me like I'm an undergraduate in Physics, why is this significant then, just because it is Graphene? This may surprise you, but some of us actually have subscriptions. I don't have one to the WSJ but I have one to nyt. >electrons propelled by a voltage will travel at constant speed You mean like Ohm's law with a constant electric field? h-bar[0]: [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planck_constant On non-internet[0] connected computers in my old uni's physics lab, the passwords were often some combination of the phrase "physics" and repetitions of the number "137". Quite the fascination. [0] why I don't feel uncomfortable disclosing this here I was imagining something like that, although with the robot brandishing a laser gun. The robot would then saying, "die human." in a robotic sounding voice. 10 years for 95% of all jobs is kind of too much too soon I'd argue. Big dog debuted 10 years ago for instance...even supposing non-linear growth, thinking that something like atlas in 10 years waiting tables, cooking gourmet food, greeting hotel guests, making plants, etc... A portion? Yes. 95%? It's odd you say this. The default response for many people is when they deal with someone who seems filmsy-flamsy, they automatically distrust that person and gravitate towards the firm and confident instead...and use that as a proxy for judgement of their knowledge/intellegence. This[0] is an example of how it's usually done. It might not be "efficient," as a == comparison perhaps, but it's more correct regardless. With FPs in computational stuff, there is usually an associated scale with a calculation, so you use that scale (rtol=0, atol=scale). Other times, it makes sense for something like abs(a-b)/(avg(abs(a),abs(b)). [0] http://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy-1.10.0/reference/generated/n... >Solo neutrons don't exist for longer than 10-20 minutes Don't equate the bound states with the unbound states. Sure, but his reasoning of "single neutron is unstable implies a bound state containing neutrons is also unstable" is not necessarily sound. This line of thinking could be used to justify all sorts of stereotypes. Not saying that's good or bad,but one could talk about the median woman, black, white, asian...etc. Downvoted for being funny(?) but seriously, any speculation on what could have cut them? Ocean currents? Debris? >And yet despite narcissists’ flaws, there’s lots of evidence that people are drawn to them, not least because they tend to be very charismatic. Is it possible to be both charismatic and not-narcissistic at all? I can't think of a single example, to be honest, of a leader displaying charisma and not being somewhat narcissistic. Is it ironic that it is often the "Me generation" that derides millennials as being self-absorbed? Not that gen Xers don't as well. Not to nitpick, but right in the article: >And it's not just price — Mexican growers are facing pressure on quality, too. "The quality of marijuana produced in Mexico and the Caribbean is thought to be inferior to the marijuana produced domestically in the United States or in Canada," the DEA wrote last year in its 2015 National Drug Threat Assessment. They perhaps didn't elaborate on it (from a good and interesting perspective) as you have, but it was mentioned. >are those that they have chosen That's a little unfair to the authors. Quoting the article: > In total, 6,418 innovators were contacted for this report, and 923 provided viable responses. This diverse, yet focused sampling approach enables a broad, yet nuanced examination of individuals driving innovation in the United States. You can read the report for further elaboration, but basically, they counted the ones they could and acknowledged possible sample biases. Biased sample? Possibly. Can we blame the authors for not holding a gun to the ~6000's heads? Probably not. Julia has support for unicode in the language (unicode identifiers, etc) and even has some operators/functions (they are the same thing in julia) aliased as their usual symbols, like "in" is aliased to "∈". [0] http://docs.julialang.org/en/release-0.4/stdlib/collections/... Java certainly has obtained a bad reputation in the sciences, however. >My sleep patterns have never been very precise, certainly not since having kids. I do like DST. And because it doesn't affect you it is your reason for imposing it on everyone else? I'm sure a majority of people dislike it. Supposing that everyone else be accustomed to imprecise sleep patterns as you are (which are most likely atypical) is not very fair. I have a passing knowledge of Julia (I've written a simple Lorentz Force[0] stepper in it) is there a way to avoid GC in the middle of the calculation, ie., a performance critical loop or other? [0] https://github.com/noobermin/jelo You're right, I didn't read your post fairly. Sorry about that. >For giving DeepMind extremely valuable test data that will only accelerate the refinement of AlphaGo's AI? You're treating Lee Seedol as if he is a fixed dataset to be trained on. Why can't he also be a "NN" who can also "refine" his AI[0] and thus be hearder for Alpha Go to compete with? You're putting too much faith in the machine and dropping the person, that might not be completely fair. [0] Albeit not artificial in this case.