Updated link: Are you thinking of working for a start up? http://weblog.raganwald.com/2005/03/are-you-thinking-of-working-for-start.html Thank you. If you're saying that AFTER Sequoia has backed a company, on some later, subsequent round people will pay more, I agree that is supposed to happen. But that doesn't mean the company was worth more at the moment Sequoia invested. I think the key difference between your means of valuation and mine is that I don't believe that the "market" is meaningful until the founders' equity is liquid. The "market" is only a useful guide where there is a meaningful correlation between the "market' and the eventual, risk-adjusted value of the company when it becomes liquid. In that respect, I believe that the VC PMV is a better indicator of the risk-adjusted Present Value of the company. VCs spend an awful lot of time and effort researching price, and they don't seem to be paying a huge discount to the risk-adjusted PV of companies they back. The plural of anecdote is not "data," however what I understand is that Angels as a whole are an unreliable indicator. YMMV, but if someone is telling you "We paid a dollar, but it's really worth two," I would keep my wallet locked in a safe. What can I say, except "carry on, it's your money!" But whether you would pay more or not, the subject was contemplating employment with a company and valuing stock options. Never mind generalities. If Sequoia have a wonderful track record for picking winners, I offered another means of calculating the value of the stock based on the likelihood there would be a liquidity event. Here's something to ponder: if the industry gets 20% and Seqouia gets 22% of their investments to a liquidity event, Seqouia is doing fantastically well. 10% better! But: how much does a 2% difference in likelihood affect the value of the stock for employees? Feel free to plug in Sequoia's actual numbers. I think you will find that they do not underpay as much as you may suppose. It would basically be a cheap way of getting in on their fund, assuming the premium wasn't huge. I would love to get in on their fund as well. But my post wasn't about investing, it was about valuing stock options so you could understand what they are worth on a risk-adjusted basis. What's the difference? Remember, when you invest alongside them you get all sorts of extra rights like double dips, convertible shares, preferred, and a zillion other ways to get money in situations at the expense of founders. This is why it is very important not to assume that just because a name brand VC invests in a company that employee options or founder shares are somehow worth as much as you might pay for those same shares if you are the same VC. If anything, employee options are worth much, much less, because VCs can get some of their money back if there is a modest wind-up or merger, whereas employees only cash out if there is a major event. good professional behavior is a must The problem is "what is professional"? here's one view: http://tinyplanet.ca/projects/professionalism.html Treating ppl with civility is a must That ought to go without saying, but sadly... it is rare, especially on the Internet. I rarely write anything with a specific audience in mind, but I confess I was looking through my "logs" and noticed how much traffic I have been getting lately from news.ycombinator.com. This is my way of saying, "thanks!" I hope you enjoy it. If PG has something worthwhile to say, it is true whether he has a vested interested in the truth or not. If it is false, it can be debunked without questioning his motives. Here is what I have observed about people. In general, people with vested interests do not lie. What they do is pick and choose the truths they want to share. So someone with an investment in an online photo editor might say that "people are now writing online photo editing applications," but is unlikely to say, "that are faster and have more features than Photoshop." Is that bad? Of course not. There are this other group of people with no alleged interest in the subject. They are called journalists. And you know what? My observation is that they are much less reliable than peopel with a "vested interest." Yes. That's how this industry works: everything closed, expensive, and exclusive inexorably becomes open, cheap or even free, and inclusive. Just because they're like that in Founder Hell doesn't mean they're like that on Sand Hill Road. You could choose to read the joke as meaning that "They're only like that in Hell" ;-) Many eyes win in blogging as well as in OSS :-) I agree, my first thought was that how KP defines a good investment is somewhat orthogonal to how someone defines a good business. You mentioned that a small exit is a home run for three guys in a room. Likewise, three guys in a room can be financed by Visa and Mastercard, they don't need KP. BTW, I upmodded you for helping me improve, thank you. I see a few others may have felt that the observation was not valuable to other YCombo readers. Please do not be discouraged from supplying authors with constructive criticism. If you care about karma, you can always use email or the comments on blog posts themselves. Thanks again. "What are these people thinking? Why are they going to VCs for venture capital to write social networking sites in Ruby on Rails? The whole point of Ruby on Rails is it gives you the ability to write applications without VC funding! That's what it was invented for! " Thumbs way up on this, Joel really captured the Windows API strategy with this. Couple this with "How Microsoft Lost the API War" and you have Joel's most pertinent thoughts. It looks very much like I didn't do a very good job of communicating my thoughts. I was actually trying to write an essay about the importance of the marginal. Can you be a little more literal and tell me what part of the post seems to say something about distinguishing the difference between computers and reality? Also, I thought I was hand waving the "99" thing and saying it isn't important how accurate the number is. Should I be more emphatic? Clearly, the author needs help writing parables that communicate a point with emphasis! The point was the irony of the IT guys arguing about cronyism in the movie while negotiating a deal that came about because the investor knows the founder's father. The investor suddenly realized this and wondered whether he really was putting the best people on the deal or whether the poeple he "trusted" would let him down, so he asks his EA to keep an eye on them. Thanks for the reminder, I didn't even realize there were profiles on news.yc! Summary: Many redditors feel that the OP wasn't trying to learn Lisp, he was thinking in C++ and trying to learn how to structure his C++ thoughts in Common Lisp. This was taken badly by the Lispers, who presume that the OP was not genuinely seeking to learn Lisp. (This is just my summary of what I read, not my own feelings about the subject). I laughed so hard I almost fell out of my chair. Nice one! No, it really isn't much fun. Nor is it fun for Chefs to sit in class learning about hand washing protocols (there is a right and a wrong way to wash your hands). Keep that in mind the next time you eat at a restaurant where they pay the food prep people minimum wage! "He refutes his own point about the free market when he says it is currently broken (businesses hire students with Comp. Sci degrees even though they can't necessarily program well), but that the same broken free market will be sufficient to determine if programmers can program well." You are assuming that the goal of the free market is to hire good programmers. It isn't. Do you think managers are holding their heads in their hands, moaning that they can't find good programmers? Outside of start ups, they don't care. That is why I say the free market works. Yes, business hires Comp. Sci. people from "JavaSchools," but that's what they want! I am not suggesting that someone with this hypothetical certification is an expert, or even good. I think I said that five or even six times in the post. Don't confuse the rant with a hypothetical measure of a "good programmer." It isn't!!! It is a description of qualities I personally think are necessary but not sufficient. Please do not put words in my mouth about what I value and what I disparage. I said I do not care about certain things for the purpose of having this hypothetical certification. Take a few minutes googling me or reading my blog before deciding what I value or disparage. So back to the free market: the "problem" with the free market for programmers is similar to the "problem" with the free market for pollution, worker safety, and a bunch of other things we regulate. We have discovered that left to their own devices, businesses will make choices that expose their workers, their customers, and the public to danger. I don't care if a business making software for dive computers hires someone who takes four times as long to write code for half the hourly wage. The business can make the call about whether this makes sense. But I do care that the calculations are not broken, exposing me to death through Oxygen Toxicity, Nitrogen Narcosis, or the Bends. I'm not going on a crusade, it's just a post, but it's obvious to me that if businesses are left to make choices for themselves, they will put their customers in harm's way. And that's all I want to prevent. Summary: certification of the type I described is meant to be necessary but not sufficient. It doesn't say a Chef can cook well, it says a chef will not accidentally poison the soup. Nice. Did you know that Port goes well with Fruit and Cheese? You may find this goes well with that: http://weblog.raganwald.com/2005/07/why-you-need-degree-to-w... ;-) I think it would make more sense to complain about the protocol and change it in such a way that it is impossible to get around it (without it being so tedious). Isn't this the basis for things like binary milestones, iterative development, continuous integration, and so forth? An attempt to set up the system such that the easiest thing to do is also the highest value thing to do, without being too draconian? In the end, carrots work better than sticks, I quite agree. By your argument, we should abolish laws regulating workplace safety, product safety, and pollution control. All of these things could be enforced by consumer demand, but they are not. All of these things impose a cost on business, driving up prices. There is room for believing that the free market should be unfettered to the point that businesses can be left to choose what level of safety to provide for workers, left to choose whether to make safe products, and left to choose whether to pollute our environment. If you believe that, I think we differ at some axiomatic level, not a logical level. I know that businesses are making "rational" decisions. But just because it "maximizes their utility" doesn't mean I want them to do it. Enron was rational. Why do we pass laws against its behaviour? Why can't we leave it to the marketplace to choose where to invest? Again, this is a deep, axiomatic issue. If you are fundamentally against a regulated environment, I understand your view without agreement. I read that article when PG published it, and again when you mentioned it. What makes you think I gave a defensive or emotional answer to the intermediary who asked the question? I'm perfectly aware of the fact that the person asking the question either considers this piece of data of paramount importance OR they have twenty resumes on their desk that all look the same, and they're looking for an easy way to winnow the pile down to three, so even if it isn't that important, it's a way to shorten the pile. I personally doubt that they were looking at twenty nearly-identical resumes. My experience is that either of two situations hold: first, they might really believe this is the most important thing they need to know, or second, they might not be particularly skilled at identifying good candidates. Note that I am not claiming I'm a good candidate: but if I'm not worth an interview, they should be able to tell without that question, the facts are in plain view. "If you do detect this kind of market inefficiency, there is an obvious way to arbitrage it -- startup started by and hiring people that market does not properly value." PG? Is that you?? "these folks" There are at least two kinds of folks: those who are "fixing" Ruby the language, such as the Rubinius team, and those who are "using" the language. I am in the latter camp. So sometimes I complain about what is broken-- http://weblog.raganwald.com/2007/02/why-ruby-is-not-acceptab... sometimes I hack around it. But no, I am in no position to change the language. If I was, I would actually implement the point-free and underscore conventions natively. If you want to use closures, you want to use lambda, not String#to_proc. If you dislike using .call, Ruby also allows [] syntax, so: r = 2 foo = lambda {|x| x * r} foo.[3] May be a little less objectionable. It was actually a typo. Fixed, thank you. > The most important way that we could 'rain on their parade' though is just by being way better than them at creating applications based on the platform since we will always understand the internals better than anybody else. Bill Gates, is that you? "I cannot get foo.[3] to work" Hey, neither can I. Quite possibly because foo.[3] actually doesn't work, it's foo[3] that works and I made a typo. Sorry about that, and especially too bad considering how your first reaction was to consider the possibility that your version of Ruby was at fault instead of the possibility that I made a careless error. I appreciate the implied vote of confidence, but I'm aghast at the consequences. I appreciate your taking the time to share your reaction. I'm mulling over exactly what I prefer about the point-free syntax, and the prod to think thinks over may help me understand my own views in more depth. "golf is a very pleasant way to pass the time!" Golf is a good walk spoiled => Golf is good code spoiled. Did you find any relevance between the story and writing? You are exchanging cause and effect: you describe my writing as if I wrote a post about the similarity between rewriting essays and rewriting code, then realized it needed spice and inserted a zen story as a preamble. What actually happened is that someone made a very disparaging remark about my writing in a previous post. I tried to look for the deep truth in what they were saying and realized that I also thought my writing fell far short of describing how I felt. Around the same time I was reading "Zen Shorts" to my son, and read the story of the robe and the moon again... I sat down and wrote a post that quoted the story and ended an emotional paragraph afterwards, simply lamenting the fact that my writing is so poor. Yes, the original version of the post was little more than the story. After an hour or so, the analytical part of my brain took over and I thought of one major reason my writing is not better, the lack of enough rewriting (not that rewriting would make it great, or even good, but certainly it would make it better). I then added the rest to the post. So, you see, I did not actually add a wacky zen story to make a post about rewriting better. Although, to be fair, the way I arrived at the post does not in any way make it better than if I had proceeded as you suggested. But, and I doubt you will understand this, the way I arrived at the post has very deep consequences for me. I can answer that one as poorly as I write essays: Zen has nothing in common with Archery, however the practice of Archery can be the practice of Zen when approached in a certain way. Thus, it is perfectly correct to suggest that software development as we practice it has nothing to do with Zen. It could be that someone, somewhere practices software development as Zen, however Chris--in his refreshingly frank and pretense-free manner--is correct if he is surmising that I do not practice software development as one practices Zen. I don't. And I believe him to be perfectly correct in suggesting that software itself has nothing to do with Zen. If it did (and I do not know if it could), it would be the approach that is related, not the software itself. You must admit there's some irony in Joe Random lecturing Steve Jobs on how to run a business and using the word "arrogant" when doing so. Well, that's by far the most interesting response I've seen. may I quote you? Is this a long-winded way of saying that two wrongs make a right? That if "they" use torture we ought to use torture? That... Oh, sorry, my mistake, I thought I was on reddit. I'm actually on ycombinator, which is a completely different community. Let's talk about startups, please. You know what, you're right and I'm wrong. Communities are whatever their members make of them, and the upmods for your comment suggests to me that this community thinks that's worthy of mention. When I said startups, I actually included programming as part of startups, due to the flavour of PG's essays, so I thought the article was relevant for ycombinator. But again, it's not up to me. And honestly, I wouldn't have said anything about your comment except I had just come from reddit, where more than half of the comments on the programming sub-reddit were about whether he should have included pictures, about whether the actress was hot, and about whether Japan really does have a cultural identity distinct from America. I guess I was just crotchety about the fact that nobody seemed to be paying any attention to what I thought the article was about. I was being selfish. I was wrong to try to tell you what you should and shouldn't say on a forum: forums are for the members, they needn't follow my preconceptions about what is on or off topic, what is relevant, or what is or isn't important in an article. So... if you want to get into a whole Christians vs. Muslims through history thing, I'll get out of the way. please help yourself. as for copyright, "your ideas will go further if you don't insist that they carry you go along with them." What anti-design patterns meme? I write programs with Design Patterns, I catalogue new ones from my work, I use them to teach and communicate. "A Pattern Language" is one of my favourite books. What did I say? Well, I quoted someone else telling a story about their experience: http://weblog.raganwald.com/2007/12/newly-discovered-design-... I thought it was a good story because it illustrated two different mind sets when it comes to writing programs and what happens when they come into contact with each other. There's no preachy conclusion, it's a human interest story. I also talked about a particular cultural approach in this post: http://weblog.raganwald.com/2007/12/pouring-water-back-into-... There, I expressed opposition to the idea of a fixed set of standard patterns. So, now you know what I was saying. I didn't take it personally, I took it as a sign that I am not writing clearly. Thanks. No, that isn't the argument. The argument is that writing things in C is a barrier to entry, therefore fewer people write libraries in C than in Ruby. therefore, if we have a Ruby implementation written in Ruby, we will see more progress on core libraries and features. That is a statistical argument based on predicting the emotions of a large group of programmers. +1. This author has good ideas, but has difficulty being succinct. Thanks for summarizing the post. This is the point I was trying to make: that there are programmers who would be better if they applied the fundamentals. I though the foot-painting analogy would make that clear. But judging by the response, everyone thought I was presenting a dichotomy, which proves that although I am a writer of sorts, I am not a good writer. > usually more rooted in snobbery than any desire to learn or teach about our chosen field I defy anyone to start teaching programming by opening with the lines "You may think you're a programmer, but you aren't." It will probably go as far as writing a blog post that says "you may think you belong to an exclusive club, but you don't." Marketing exec to Steve Jobs: "9 out of 10 people will choose a MacBook Pro instead of a MacBook Air" Steve Jobs: "Then build Nine MacBook Pros for every one MacBook Air." "To expect someone to know a skill which is not going to be needed on the job is unfair." Complete rewrite I am going to respond on the post, this is a very good question that deserves the widest possible audience. http://del.icio.us/raganwald/weblog Actually, that link is to a specific tag that I use for links I share with the hacker community. My full link feed is public, but don't read it unless you can stomache links about parenting infants, raising nishikigoi, rock climbing, and other personal crap. I was actually quoting what several people have said, which perhaps is a description of their perception and not of reality. I will edit the post, a clarification would strengthen the argument, thanks. What has more impact on the adoption of technologies: its technical merits or social behaviour? Where did he write that? This is exactly the way I've always taken your description of hacking. And your praise for the YCombinator startups usually talks about how hard they work, for example talking about how much code they write in a short period of time while living on Ramen noodles. I thought Python had lambdas, albeit restricted to expressions, which in turn are restricted to single lines? > I've always taken "turtles all the way down" to mean the fixation that Lisp/Forth/Scheme/Smalltalk/etc... people get about implementing everything in their language of choice That's how I take it as well. I wrote this to point out that Turtles all the way down languages make it easier to make consistent languages. I get that you don't care for that. > Turtles all the way down is a philosophy where you try to define a ridiculously minimal set of orthogonal axioms and build the language by combining those axioms... > But the advantage of having everything in the language built on top of a small set of axioms is that when you want to make a new feature possible, it's often just a case of burrowing down a level of abstraction and combining the existing things in new ways. For example, it could be as simple as rewriting select to return generalized variables instead of values... if Ruby really treated "=" as a method instead of treating it as a special case that is sometimes a method and sometimes something else and sometimes a third thing. > Elegant is often a thing to be admired from afar, rather than something you use every day. "Elegance" sounds like some effete aesthetic quality, there's no point in debating that word. Instead, I am asking you to think about consistency and discoverability, qualities that have a direct relationship to the programmer's ability to translate thought into programs. > > I get that you don't care for that. > You're putting words into my mouth. My bad: I misinterpreted what you meant when you said: > Elegant is often a thing to be admired from afar Any ways... > > Turtles all the way down is a philosophy where you try to define a ridiculously minimal set of orthogonal axioms and build the language by combining those axioms > What I'm talking about is the "my whole environment must be Smalltalk/Scheme/Forth", from the OS, or even silicon, on up. That's different from your version of turtles. Yours is not the enormous waste of time that the "environment turtles" are. Perhaps I'm talking about "turtles most of the way down" and you are talking about "turtles almost all of the way down." I understand why you say what building, say, a Lisp Machine seems like an enormous waste of time. > I'm still not sure whether consistency is really that important. People seem to do ok with some inconsistencies and warts in their languages, and continue to favor languages with warts and weirdnesses and quick idioms to the ones under discussion Are we equating popularity with importance? Ok, here it is: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turtles_all_the_way_down http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=110541 http://reddit.com/r/programming/info/67xk0/comments/ If I am responding directly to someone, I will link to them. If I think there's value to be added for the reader, I will also link to an essay like that. Other than that, I do _not_ insert links and footnotes and citations into every blog post. The footnotes would outnumber the paragraphs if not the sentences. Should I link to Alan Kay every time I discuss objects? How is that different? Or for that matter, if someone discusses the signal-to-noise ratio in programming language idioms, must they mention a post I wrote that was popular at the time? And FYI, I have written about Blub and linked to Paul's essay as well as written about Blub without linking to Paul's essay. You are right, the two things are exactly the same and I have treated them the same way. I choose to link or cite when I think it improves the reader's experience. In this case, I didn't think so, and after re-reading AVi's post, I still don't think a link belongs in my post. You could force it in, perhaps by adding a post script "If you find this interesting, you may also like..." or by adding a parenthetical remark "(TAWDry languages have other benefits, like...)." But you know, that isn't what you are arguing. You do not appear to be arguing that a citation would improve the user experience of the post. Or at least, that's not how it reads. Your comment reads like I have written a scholarly paper and violated the rules of citation. Is that really what you are saying here? There is a saying that I will attribute to Jerry Kaplan (since I read it in the forward to his book "Startup"): "Your ideas will go further if you don't insist on going along with them." Avi hasn't emailed to insist that he go along with that metaphor. Which is probably part of why it is spreading. > I think the problem is when people start commenting for the sake of commenting... Commenting is hard, let's go shopping! http://reddit.com/user/consultant_barbie Gwenhwyfaer suggested TAWDry languages. I'll lend a hand and upmod it. It was amusing for me the first few times I saw it, then irritating, then amusing again when he(?) actually quoted some Haskell. However, what I found interesting is not so much whether there are novelty comments like that, but rather the ratio of novelty comments to on-topic comments. It seemed rather extreme at the time I posted this: AFAICT, none of the reddit comments were on-topic, they were all attempts to make jokes. Just an observation really, who am I to tell people whether my own posts provoke any sort of technical discussion? At the moment I checked, 101 people liked it and 30 did not: http://reddit.com/r/programming/info/67xk0/details AFAICT, none of the six comments I've seen on reddit are critical, but on the other hand they don't praise it either. > ungracious Oh goodness me, that word is redolent of drawing rooms and mannerly discourse. I present you with two options: 1. There is a comment feature on the post, and it permits you to include hyperlinks. Help yourself. That's exactly what the comments are for, to allow you to suggest avenues of investigation for other readers. 2. If you think there's a rich connection that ought to be mined in prose, write a blog post and go into as much detail as you think appropriate. I'd like to read it. Who's wining? My article made the top ten on programming.reddit.com. That is very positive from my perspective. I was pointing out a difference in character between the two sites. I get the feeling that perhaps _you_ are tired of my writing. That's a completely reasonable feeling to have, and if you feel strongly about it, I have good news for you: http://userscripts.org/scripts/show/8751 Cheerio. I've had the same experience with certain books. That suggests to me you might want to try a new book. Of course, different books have different slants. Books designed as introductions for someone entirely new to the subject or as quick references are not going to be as mind-expanding as books designed for the intermediate or advanced reader. So far, I have found "The Rails Way" quite good when I've used it as a reference, if that is any help to you. Should I (a) google something, (b) read the source, (c) read blogs, or (d) read a book about it? Yes. Thank you. No, that is not strong enough: THANK YOU!!! > It would be interesting however to measure things like the probability of your interviewers making correct decisions, or (if you use standard questions) the correlation between answers to questions and performance (in the event of a hire). That was my objective when writing the post, although judging by responses on reddit, most people thought I was saying that naive bayesian filters could outperform human hiring managers. All I was suggesting is that people "Apply what we know about classification to hiring." And one of the things we know is that any classifier--human or machine or human assisted by machine--can be improved by regular investigation of the correlation between the features you observe and the results you obtain. > The real problem with resumes however is that anyone can put absolutely anything on it. True, although security by obscurity works for hiring. It's a lot more like CAPTCHAs than it is like Spam: if you are the only one who thinks that Io and Self language experience correlates positively with performance as a Javascript programmer, I think you will find that Io and Self are keywords that will maintain a high correlation. Then one day Joel Spolsky writes a post about that, someone reads it and puts it in a job listing, a head hunter sees it and adds it to some candidate resumes, and within a year the correlation drops off the map and you have to start looking for something else in resumes or you have to aggressively fizzbuzz it in phone screens. C'est la vie. Agree. There is a world market for maybe five computers. Ok, I am joking you may be right. But it is notoriously difficult to predict the market for programming languages. had you attended LL2 on [November 9, 2002]( http://weblog.raganwald.com/2007/01/where-were-you-on-saturd... ), could you have predicted which of the languages discussed would be popular... five years later? The difference is that the negative folks are the most vocal, while the positive folks are trying arc instead of whining about their perception of Paul's behaviour. For example, I was just over on programming.reddit.com. The majority of the comments on this essay are smearing Paul's character. If you went by that, everyone hates it. Yet the essay has +115 points. So there are 115 people who liked the essay for each person who dislikes it. Where are their comments? This actually happened. But, unh, I was like, unh, there but not there, ifyaknowwhatimean, kinda-sorta. I recall reading something (sorry no link at the moment) which exhorted people to remember that anything which affected the software's ability to meet requirements is code and is to be treated as such. Which means... some kind of revision control and the full scrutiny of your QA process before deployment. So if a customer says, "and I want to be able to change the workflow rules without programming," you can say "Sure we can do that!" But you have to educate them to the fact that just because you give them a way to do that with a GUI or a DSL or whatever, the heavy part of the process--specification, testing, whatever--does not magically go away. I'm rambling a bit, but I guess I am saying that had this project succeeded exactly as they envisioned it, an incredible WTF would have hit them when the customer started changing the rules and breaking everything. The post? Or the quoted snippet of code? ;-) Weeeel... The truth is, I wrote the idea behind this a while back using String#to_proc to compare the way Ruby (roll your own) and Python (Guido decides) evolve. But considering I have no Python experience, I never published the post. Then today, for some reason, I was thinking about Open Classes again :-) Would (1..100).fold(&:+) be more obvious? How about (1..100).reduce(&:+)? If either one of those makes sense, perhaps it is a question of Matz choosing Smalltalk's names for methods (collect, select, detect, reject, inject). Please let me know if changing the name of the method doesn't help. I refuse to be blamed for Symbol#to_proc, it's a part of Rails and also Ruby Facets. "I fail to see why this is a good thing." Why what is a good thing? Why that line of code is a good thing? maybe it isn't, maybe arrays need a sum method, maybe you could just write: (1..100).inject { |acc, n| acc + n } ...and get the same result. But the article has nothing to do with why that line of code is a good thing, it is about the fact that being able to modify the Symbol class in this manner is what makes a langauge like Ruby evolve from the bottom up. So... do you think that is a good thing? Or a bad thing? The article does not claim that this is a good thing! It claims that the line of code says a lot about Ruby the language. Let me ask you a question: you arrived at the top of the article with a preconceived idea about Ruby. Did reading the article give you any insight, did you learn something about Ruby or about yourself by reading the post? If not, please downmod it, I have failed. "I am usually for flexibility and allowing anything to be modified, however this type of change strikes me as not very useful." That's entirely the point. If you are in favour of flexibility, you have to accept that people will use it for all sorts of things, not just ones you like. "I had no clue why injecting symbol soup into a range of integers was interesting." Lisp flavours? "A little explanation in your article would've been fine." Done, thank you. You would be amazed what people will do to Java. Just the other day I was reading something here about writing Java code using an Excel spread sheet. I'm pretty sure that wasn't in any of the JSRs. Actually, it's &(:+) not &:(+). The & takes its argument and converts from a Proc to a block. :+ is a symbol that implements the method #to_proc to give you a block that sums its receiver and its argument. "After learning more languages, Ruby is starting to become pretty ugly to me, but somehow people keep managing to ignore all its faults, make little hacks like these, and be very productive with it." When I first saw it, I wondered why anyone would want this irregular little language when they could just use Smalltalk or Scheme. An early rant asked why I have to know the difference between a block and a Proc: why the &^(%*)(& do I have to know when to use a block, when to use a Proc, and how to convert between them??? "have you failed? No. You wanted to show us your favorite line of Ruby code, and you did." Actually, I wanted to discuss how Ruby's open classes promote language innovation from the fringe, not to try to impress you with how clever that line of code is. "The next time you show a feature of a langauge, maybe make it solve a problem, or create something real, rather than just showing how few characters it takes to do something banal." And there you have why my article failed you: you think it is about how useful that line of code is, or how clever it is, or what problem it solves, when I think it is an example of how Ruby is different from centrally planned language. Is it great code? Of course not. Symbol#to_proc may even be an evolutionary dead end, AFAICT it's just a way to make OO code pretend that it's functional code. Your criticisms point out that I need to work harder on establishing and communicating my theses, thank you. Thank you, exactly!!! I subscribe to the series and enjoy it. I hadn't seen Hash#to_proc, I look forward to considering the possibilities carefully... "saying anything other than 'I love ruby' is shunned anyways." Well... I welcome criticism of Ruby. Please say whatever you like in a comment right on the post. I've never shied away from writing about the things in Ruby that irritate me. How else will we progress if we don't scratch when we have an itch? Your question takes my breath away. May I quote you? There are so many answers! Here are a few: The article does not claim that (1..100).inject(&:+) is great. It claims that it is a totemic example of Ruby code. There is nothing that technique X can do that technique Y cannot do given that X and Y are both Turing Equivalent. Of course you can write a library function to sum numbers. Do you also need a library function for the product of numbers? If so, you now know of a salient difference between the two approaches. One needs a function for each thing you want to do, the other gives you some pieces you combine in different ways to do what you want. Is one better than the other? That's up to you to decide, you are the programmer. Ruby lets you write your program either way. Now, Symbol#to_proc doesn't, in my opinion, add what I would call power. That's because you can always use a block or a lambda wherever you would use a symbol. But I may not have written the article well: the powerful and dangerous feature in Ruby is not Symbol#to_proc, it's Open Classes . Symbol#to_proc is an example of something you can do with an Open Class. Something else you can do with an Open Class is Hash#to_proc. Something else is Object#andand, a low-rent version of the Maybe Monad in Haskell. I consider Open Classes to be powerful and dangerous. Am I advocating them? Of course not, it is up to you to decide whether they are a good idea or not. What I find interesting about them is that Rubyists are pushing the language in new directions with them, like Symbol#to_proc. The idea of a language growing from the fringe is also powerful and dangerous. The fringe is an uneducated, seething mass. Thanks for the link, I will add it to the post. +1! "Submitting blog entries because you think they'll be of interest to people here is good; submitting blog entries because you want to attract readers to your blog is bad." My feeling is that you should submit everything you write. Let us decide what is worth reading, thats' why we vote. My suggestion--for your own optimization--is to submit articles slowly, there is such a thing as "raganwald fatigue" or "coding horror fatigue," where reading several articles from the same person on the same day becomes tiresome even if the content is good. But I don't care why you submit for the same reason I don't care why you write. You want to make money from ads? As long as you write well, what do I care? You want to be famous? As long as you write well, what do I care? It's the same thing with programs and start ups. What, are we supposed to shun the YCombinator startups that market themselves? I say judge programs on their merits, I say judge posts on their merits. Ah, my old friend whose name is here. Your comment is absolutely true. If I may ask, are you mentioning it because you think the post is suggesting otherwise? Or are you just mentioning it?? Something to think about--and this may become a small post--is that people already use mechanical filters right now. People use keywords or other criteria for selecting resumes to read when they use a database like monster.com or workopolis.com to hire. they do not read every resume. Obviously the expected likelihood of a positive outcome is lower than with placing certain types of ads or asking employees for referrals. But there's an opportunity for employers that use these kinds of databases to get less shitty results than the employers who advertise and read every resume they receive :-) So we are in agreement of sorts: if youa re asking employees to submit their friends, read every resume. If you are dealing with a hiuge data set--and monster.com is a hiuge data set--filtering helps. That being said, using a filter--no matter how well trained--on monster.com is still a terrible way to hire. Thus... more posts about playing the hiring game in the future... Thanks very much for clarifying your point. "So if the data you have is likely to be unreliable you might want to just ignore it." That prompts me to ask two questions: 1. So should you forget about data, or pay attention to collecting good data? WHich course of action is more important? 2. If you don't make decisions based on data... Just how are you making decisions? I am serious about question #2. We aren't talking about face to face interviews here, we're talking about looking at 200 resumes and deciding which ten people to call with the expectation of bringing 3-5 of the ten in for interviews. In my experience, when people tell me they are using their "experience" and "judgment," They are actually using a highly biased process, such as selecting people who went to their University or preferring people who share the same hobbies. I have 337 karma but I have no idea how to create a poll. Am I missing something? Or am I barred from creating polls? Two questions. First, do you think this is a safe generalization for companies whose primary business is software? And second, what portion of the entire job market for programmers is made up of jobs working for software companies? Loving it so far. I tried Google a few years back and discarded it within weeks. I would write an article critical of some programming language X and especially critical of trying to program in X without experience, and the ads would be for "Learn X in 21 days." I dropped it quickly. Even though Google ads produced clicks and revenue, they clashed with my weblog's basic philosophies. But in the trial so far, the Snaptalent ads are for the kinds of companies that seem to fit with my weblog's direction. Congratulations, everyone! http://weblog.raganwald.com (ads appear for individual articles, such as http://weblog.raganwald.com/2007/11/i-think-it-funny-that-as... ) Obligatory tweaks-love-firefox comment: At the moment, Snaptalent has start ups advertising for hackers. Do 50% of the people they want to hire use IE? Of course, when they make some sales to BigCo, they ought to be 100% IE compliant. David. Got it. Paul. Got it. AS??? There's a certain 4 trillion dollar financial services firm I know. They operate like this at a country level: each country is graded against the others on an elaborate score card. The idea is that when a country finds an innovative way to "win" one year, althe others can use the idea the next year. Only, the winning countries try (nicely) to sabotage the sharing process. For example, Country "U" outsourced part of their self-service web applications to a nice fellow I know living in Country "C." Although it is not in writing, the understanding is that if he so much as has a coffee with anyone from that company in Country "C," his home town, he is out of work. Furthermore, the Country "C" guys don't really want to hire him, they're afraid he'll report what they're doing back to Country "U," so when they ask him out for coffee, all they really want to do is dangle contracts in front of him while pumping him for information under the guise of establishing his experience. It sounds like a cheap spy novel, but it's business as usual when some bright person at the top decides that a little competition is healthy :-) Compare and contrast with: "To raise your voice is to confess you have run out of arguments." Shall I pour the 15 year-old Glenfiddich "Solara" or the MacAllan "Cask Strength" for you? I am a parent, so I can answer your question with respect to children: raising your voice does not do anything except escalate the discussion into an emotional melt-down. With respect to people you deem to be idiots and trolls, we have known the answer for a very long time. One of the more amusing bits of advice about the matter came from Mark twain: "Never argue with a fool, onlookers may not be able to tell the difference." Interesting question, but let's take it somewhere else: Are we describing programmers as children, idiots, and/or trolls? I hope not... Mostly a linkjack of: http://unqualified-reservations.blogspot.com/2007/08/whats-w... Point one: A question for everyone criticizing Brandon for being a "Drama Queen" (my choice of words, not yours). Which one of Paul's "levels of disagreement" applies? Point two: You can make the argument that his "suicide note" is contributing to the problem, but unless he has a flotilla of sock-puppets voting it up, his note is on the front page because the people here--on aggregate--vote things like this up. Which means that he's right! If the community does not want to read this kind of thing and discuss this kind of thing, it would be voted into oblivion. You can hardly blame him for 27 of the 28 points it currently has. Erik on disagreement: "Some people are little more than herd animals, flocking together whenever the world becomes uncomfortable for any reason, seeking the comfort of those who agree with them, do not contradict them, and take care of their emotions. I am not one of those people. If I had a motto, it would probably be Herd thither, me hither." Erik on programming languages: "Languages shape the way we think, or don't." Erik on programming dogma: "Gotos aren't damnable to begin with. If you aren't smart enough to distinguish what's bad about some gotos from all gotos, goto hell." And Erik on the elections: "Suppose we blasted all politicians into space. Would the SETI project find even one of them?" I've waited as long as I can stand it before inserting a spoiler: "In the early 1990s, I was writing a lot of essays and columns for magazines and journals, so much so that I was using a pseudonym for some of that work: Nickieben Bourbaki. The original idea for the name was that my staff at Lucid would help with the writing, and the single pseudonym would represent the collective, much as the French mathematicians in the 1930s used "Nicolas Bourbaki" as their collective name while rewriting the foundations of mathematics in their image. However, no one but I wrote anything under that name." http://www.dreamsongs.com/WorseIsBetter.html I can't take too much credit. I bit on the story hook, line and sinker. I started to write a comment saying in essence, "So what if Paul is writing under a nom de plume, there are good reasons for doing so..." One of the good examples that came immediately to mind was Richard Gabriel. So I Googled "Worse Is Better" and copied that exact paragraph to insert as a quotation to support my point. Then I read what I had just pasted and the light went on... I used to make and sell software for classified ad management, including personals. There is a loose code of ethics for newspapers: they will post "filler" ads if there aren't enough paying customers, however they never pretend to contact a customer and they maintain custoemr privacy. For example, one client had filler adverts in their personals section. There was a box number for snail mail replies, and their strict policy was that all replies to the fictitious ads were shredded unopened and unread. Just an anecdote, no opinion on what is and is not legitimate business... And to be fair, your summary expresses the idea succinctly and directly. Bravo! May I quote you? The idea that different methods can have the same name but different signatures presents many challenges. IMO, if you are going to live with the drawbacks, you ought to be able to enjoy all of the benefits, such as you will find in full-features MOPs like in Common Lisp or pattern-matching languages like Haskell. BTW, Ruby and Java both solve this problem. In Java, use the @override annotation. If you are not overriding a method, you get a compiler error. Ruby "solves" the problem by only having one method per name. But you can mix in some magic and get pattern matching if you want. No. Longer answer: My great-grandfather Reginald Braithwaite was one of nine children (that we know survived) growing up in a one-room shack in Barbados. His son Leonard was the first Black Member of Provincial Parliament in Ontario. His grand-daughter Gwen was the first woman AND the first person of colour to work in Systems analysis with Empire Life. Sadly, the (possibly apocryphal) Chinese Proverb about returning to poverty in four generations may hold: her son is chiefly known for blogging. Speaking as someone who has implemented bank accounts... Would you agree that all of our problems go away if we exposed an Account interface rather than an Account class ? Then the impact of our choice about how to re-use the implementation is localized. This approach fits the WAS-A relationship much better than the IS-A relationship. A heated chair WAS A chair, but we fitted it with a heater. It might still have enough in common with the original chair that you can use it without any change on your part, but you never know, there was that accident when we decided an EjectorSeat WAS A Chair last year... Yes, it is a known problem, and I have also found myself editing my own profanity: http://weblog.raganwald.com/2007/02/why-ruby-is-not-acceptab... Help me understand: what are the good reasons for the parameters of a block overwriting variables in an enclosing scope? That is, we are talking about: i = 100 x = 0 [1,2,3].each { |i| x += i } I understand why it is incredibly helpful for x to refer to a variable in the enclosing scope (even if we could accomplish this same effect with a fold). What are the use cases for the parameter i referring to a variable in the enclosing scope? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baby_Duck_Syndrome "you could only have one block argument" Do you mean one method can only have one block? Did Google rip Campfire off? Absolutely. Is Campfire "obvious"? Design always seems obvious in retrospect. That's the point of design, it isn't a whiz-bang new feature, it's a way to arrange existing things in an effective way. Good design is the art of doing things that--in retrospect--seem obvious. In any event, i find it interesting that Google now appear indistinguishable from Microsoft. Copying somebody else's app and giving your copy away so you can drive traffic to your platform has been done before. "In all likelihood, this product came from the ground up, not from the top down, and for some reason, no manager at Google thought it was going to be a problem." Never ascribe to malice, that which can be explained by incompetence. In that particular organization there is an interface hierarchy that is distinct from its implementation hierarchy. And in the implementation hierarchy, they avoid overriding existing methods in favour of using abstract classes. This might be what you are suggesting. The ultimate goal is to avoid using public inheritance to model WAS-A. Nobody asked whetherthey should or would rip campfire off. The question is whether they did. Google launched and showed off an example application that rips Campfire's look and feel off. As for whether it was a "pioneering new chat interface," that is hardly the point where ripping off design is concerned. It's just like ripping off the layout and visual appearance of a designer's portfolio web site. There is nothing pioneering or innovative about the way designers make web sites to display their work, but there is design in the chocies they make and there is value in those choices. If design doesn't matter, Google could and should show a chat application with a completely different look. If design does matter, then they are executing a blatant rip off. Is it illegal? Wrong? Lame ? You can decide for yourself. But it is still a rip off. update : This is my last word on the subject. But I will say the following: there is a very well-known standard of "obviousness": The Clean Room. Perhaps this application was made in a clean room, or something close enough: if the people making it weren't familiar with Campfire and arrived at almost the identical design from first principles, then of couse I am happy to withdraw my statement and accept that the design in "obvious." Perhaps they have already spoken up and assured the world that it is just a coincidence that their app is so similar to Campfire. But I am not convinced that a particular design is "obvious" if it is executed by someone who studied another design first. you missed the fun: macbook-pro-2:trunk raganwald$ ruby -v => ruby 1.8.6 (2007-03-13 patchlevel 0) [i686-darwin8.10.1] macbook-pro-2:trunk raganwald$ irb irb(main):001:0> lambda { i = 100; x = 0; [1,2,3].each { |i| x += i }; i }.call => 3 wow how cool, they listened "Unfortunately, the two examples you came up with are 3 months apart, and fake steve posts new blog entries all the time." You don't like most of his posts, but it's also the case that most of his posts are not on the HN front page. And thus, we have the value proposition for Hacker News: instead of filtering based on the author, filter based on the votes here. It's all statistics. My suggestion is that HN is supposed to be a better filter than just ignoring bloggers who infrequently post good things. And this off to a long digression about the opportunity cost of reading the bad articles vs. the benefit of reading the good ones and on and on... But yeah, it's not perfect. If anything, if there were no articles you disliked on the front page, then HN would probably be too conservative a filter. Once every three months or so FSJ says something that makes people laugh and think (the rest of the time he settles for just making people laugh). This one struck me as summing a well-known phenomenon up rather well, and with a catchy phrase to go along with it. Ummm... nothing wrong with discussing whether we feel like paying for software, but if I may throw a different question into the mix: What does this mean for startups and business models? Is this effect stronger in some niches (programmer tools, for example) but weaker in others (enterprise integration applications)? Does SAAS change the game? Does pricing a product so that it is credit-card-ware change things? That sucks: http://weblog.raganwald.com/2007/09/you-suck.html nickb, nice to see you posting some links :-) Wildly off-topic and hardly serious, but consider the problems the actress Leslie Hope must get. Imagine her stopped when driving on holiday in Britain. "How do you give your name?" asks the Bobby, and mindful of the English preference for surname first, she replies: "Hope, Leslie" Paying attention to someone is not the same thing as following them, admiring them, deifying them, or even agreeing with them. I think you will find that many people read what Paul writes because he consistently writes things that provoke useful thought. That can be beneficial even if you don't agree with everything he writes. In fact, even if you violently disagree with what he writes, if he provokes you into thinking about something you think is important, that's a win for you. Interesting point about having a process-oriented architecture where each process has its own independent GC, but boy-o-boy is the title a troll-tastic piece of link-bait. Weeeell... There is a back-story here, as evidenced by teh links he provides. I think his view is that there is a very misleading debate between Ruby/Python and Java/C#, with much strawmanning on both sides, namely that all dynamically typed languages are like Ruby and Python, while all statically typed languages are like Java and C#. I think what he is trying to say goes beyond "What I like about Ocaml" to "What YOU like about Ruby can be had in Ocaml and have strong type inference to boot." Of course, his contention that people shouldn't assume static typing == Java ought to be familiar: Lispers have been crying foul that people shouldn't assume dynamic typing = Ruby for a while now. You're very welcome :-) BTW, if you like the article, even briefly... consider subscribing to his feed. Very interesting, very eclectic. He is the author of "Purely functional data structures" which goes into some depth on high-performance data structures. He also write fun things about games and thinking and... Oh for Pete's sake stop reading my rambingss and read his well-chosen words instead ;-) http://okasaki.blogspot.com/ As FSJ put it, "Which would you rather own: a portfolio of sub-prime mortgages or a portfolio of iPhone patents?" Maybe not a post, but I know several entrepreneurs who say--on a regular basis--"All I need is a sales guy," "All I need is a marketing guy," and/or "All I need is a bizdev guy." In each case, they believe that the hard part of their business is the part they are doing/have done, and teh sales/marketing/bizdev is a slam dunk. "I'm not convinced that it's that everyone at Microsoft is individually defective as much as that their methods of collaboration, like those of most large corporations, usually yield results less effective than good individuals or small teams could have produced with sufficient autonomy." Which brings this thread from the religious fervour of "what it means to be smart" right back to the subject at hand: Why MSFT would pay M$20+ for Xobni rather than write a kock-off in-house. I confess to deeply mixed feelings about this post. I guess I don't like his tone. And there's a problem, I can't really criticize the post without descending into ad hominems of a sort. I guess I would rather read an essay about how much caching improves product X than an essay saying that the developer of product X is an idiot for writing a product that needs caching. Both essays have the same factual content, but I admit to bias towards the former, especially from one programmer to another. "For me I just tend to take Jeff's tone with a grain of salt rather than expecting each post to be dispassionate analysis." Well, I like a lot of what he writes (by a lot, I mean, "a lot of posts every year," not necessarily, "most of his posts.") I'm quite happy his posts aren't dispassionate. Shrug. I guess I'm being remarkably asymmetrical and patently unfair: I want his passion, it's just that this post is a necessary consequence of his style. "If you want the software to improve (which doesn't exactly seem to be the case), I just think you should either file tickets or confront the developer" Consider removing the parenthetical remark and adding a period after a statement like this and leaving it there. Simple, powerful, and makes your point: "If you want the software to improve, I just think you should either file tickets or confront the developer." "it was just a byproduct of growth" I think we are in violent agreement. Interestingly, both Joel and Paul have essayed about this topic: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/BuildingCommunitieswi... http://www.paulgraham.com/trolls.html Please, please, please think about this--hard--if your startup charges people money. The removal of money from the customer's wallet must be as close to frictionless as possible. Thanks, fixed. The assumption is qualified by the preface "all things being equal." However, the post confuses me. His story quite clearly demonstrates that all other things are _not_ equal, and that "a CS degree, C++ experience, and a year with Ruby on Rails who's asking $20 an hour" is not enough evidence to determine whether someone is competent or not. He also gives an example of a test of competency that seems to work quite well for his purposes. The thing that confuses me about the story is that instead of writing a blog post explaining that you need to pay more attention to tests and less to paper qualifications, he seems to be lamenting the fact that the qualifications do not mean what he thinks they mean. He tosses out the "all other things being equal" phrase rather carelessly, IMO. I think he would be well-advised to spend a lot more time with the idea that all other things are rarely equal when it comes to hiring programmers. "I object to Microsoft's plan, not because Vista is so awful, but rather, because ignoring customers is so wrong." That would be a "deck of slides." Nowadays it's a keynote, open office, or that-other-thing file, but once upon a time it was a set of 35mm transparencies you would load into a carousel. Stacked up, they looked a little like a deck of cards, thus the nickname "deck." You can probably find one (and someone old enough to remember when they were called decks) in a museum somewhere. There are two questions: what's the best presentation for a given subject and audience, and what's the best way to improve your skills. IMO, a good presentation with whatever-you-call-the-visuals is more difficult to do well, therefore that's what I think you should practice. Speeches and demos are always easier to give. They may be more appropriate for certain subjects, no doubt. Uh... could it be that the author copied this comment and pasted it into the article when he realized that the word "deck" isn't commonplace? If I see him, I will be sure to ask him which came first, the comment or the update to the article. IMO the article is worse than "the basics of presentations," actually doesn't say anything about how to present, it merely explains that it is a skill worth improving. I leave it as an exercise for the reader to decide whether an article that spends half of its time explaining why presentations and the other half explaining how to present is better or worse than an article that tries to make one point succinctly and stops. First, +1. I think there is a lot of room for debate around this subject, and frankly this was exactly the debate I hoped to provoke (which is why I included a video of Jobs introducing macintosh, a product he really did not create in the engineering sense). Should we be like Woz? like Jobs? Should we strive for a partnership like Woz + Jobs? Hire a "Sales Animal" and a PR firm as Paul has described doing with his company? And what is the role of an incubator/angel/YCombinator? Can it help programmers focus on programming? Or is there something really fundamental in "communicating well" that is necessary to successfully creating programs? I think there's a lot of room for discussion around this, and I hope it's as productive for you to weigh the various options and outcomes as it has been for me in my life. "I doubt his readers do much other than 1) submit his blog to reddit and 2) write Visual Basic applications." I agree with point #2, and perhaps he does as well. He has said much the same thing, openly, and he has also said that his mission is to provoke them into hoisting themselves up a little beyond that. I apologise for the terrible analogy, but perhaps Jeff's blog is like a car's first gear. It exists to overcome a large amount of inertia and get an object at rest to start moving, slowly. Other gears take it from there. I personally wish he would push them to explore towards more free software and tools rather than stay on the Microsoft plantation, but if he can get anybody to read just one more book this year, the essay is a win. Heck, if it can remind me that I need to read one more book this year, it's a godsend for me. better than most of the random valuation speculations I read on Techcrunch By any chance do you mean: http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/damning_with_faint_praise I have become sick and tired of the carping and flaming you see from some folks whenever Joel publishes a rant, accusing him of douchebaggery and all sorts of sin. The usual behaviour is that he has one great insight, a bunch of entertaining ranting, and one egocentric point. And on the basis of this, the whole thing is junk and he is a has-been windbag. I don't go along with that sort of vilification. If a post has one great insight, something I can learn from, I'm a happy man. I can chuckle at Joel complaining about competing for interns with Google as long as I'mn entertained by his prose and intrigued by his central thesis. I would have loved this post on that basis. Except. WTF is with the dig at playing Ultimate? Joel, you have totally lost it this time . Ultimate is the ultimate nerd sport, and interns who play Ultimate are your best hires ever . Ultimate involves complex plays involving team co-ordination. A skill that just might come in handy working on a software development team. The flight of the disc is the kind of thing the mathematical mind drools over--gyroscopic procession, ballistics, aerodynamics, everything comes in to play. Ultimate players are healthy and I'll wager can crank code for long hours compared to those who eschew aerobic sports in favour of foosball. And for those who are still single... Ultimate is a great place to meet people of every gender and orientation. Which leads to cohabitation, the purchase of homes, large mortgages, and a slavish devotion to working your ass off to earn a fat bonus. Joel, I wanted to like this post, I really did. But you have got to stop making insanely wrong pronouncements about things that matter most. Like which games interns ought to play ;-) I was trying to satarize all the people elsewhere complaining about the last paragraph. As you can see, I am not a very funny writer. I like the post very much. His point about Lotus taking over MSFT reminded me of Jamie Zawinski's story about Collabra taking over Netscape: "Our punishment for that success was that management saw this general-purpose mail reader and said, "since this mail reader is popular with normal people, we must now pimp it out to `The Enterprise', call it Groupware, and try to compete with Lotus Notes!" "To do this, they bought a company called Collabra who had tried (and, mostly, failed) to do something similar to what we had accomplished. They bought this company and spliced 4 layers of management in above us. Somehow, Collabra managed to completely take control of Netscape: it was like Netscape had gotten acquired instead of the other way around. "And then they went off into the weeds so badly that the Collabra-driven "3.0" release was obviously going to be so mind-blowingly late that "2.1" became "3.0" and "3.0" became "4.0". (So yeah, 3.0 didn't just seem like the bugfix patch-release for 2.0: it was.)" http://www.jwz.org/doc/groupware.html Attention founders working on the premise that "where there's muck, there's brass:" Enterprises need software products and backing services that assume the client will use the software to attain enlightenment about how they ought to change their own processes. Figuring out how to do that with a model that can get around the distribution/sales/paperwork hurdle will make you rich. I guess blog posts are often glass half-empty/half-full thingies. It's totally valid to feel that the annoyance of the empty part of the glass outweighs the enjoyment of the half-full part. On my good days, I feel a lot more charitable about such things than on my bad days. It's dogs are sages all over again: http://weblog.raganwald.com/2007/03/programmers-are-sages.ht... I bought an iPod a few years back just because it has, in firmware, a program just like WinAMp that let me play CDs I ripped to my hard drive as well as stuff I could download from the Internet. Is that close enough? Blatant linkjacking: the quoted text outweighs the author's own commentary by a large margin. Suggest he get a job with infoq.com. + a bushel of upmods for the Mitch Hedberg reference. Somehow, I think Mitch would have been a Bipolar Lisp Programmer if he was into programming... http://www.lambdassociates.org/blog/bipolar.htm I beg your pardon? It absolutely is their responsibility as shareholders to do that _if they want the best price for their shares_. Example: Tonight after the markets close, I offer $35 a share for Microsoft, in cash, conditional on obtaining 51% of the company. The market thinks about this, and MSFT's price when the markets open tomorrow morning reflects their guess as to whether I will get 51% of the company or not, whether Ballmer will have me killed^H^H^H^H^H^H tied up in litigation to prevent me buying the company and firing him, whether Yahoo will raise some money from Google to buy MSFT as a white knight, whatever. The point is, the market price when a company is "in play" reflects a bunch of people making wild-assed guesses about the possible outcomes and the relative likelihood of each outcome. If you are strictly in it for the money, it's your responsibility to make your own guess. If you guess is higher than the market value, you hang on to the stock. If your guess is less than the market value, you sell. Lawyers will do anything, but IMHO, the only time you sue management is if they make a promise they do not deliver. But what if Ballmer stands up and says, "Do not sell to Reg for $35, we are $28 today but I am going to buy Yahoo and our stock will be worth substantially more than $35 as a result of the transaction." I don't get my 51%, and then Ballmer doesn't buy yahoo. Now shareholders should sue, they hung on to their stock because of what Ballmer promised. Consider what happens if MSFT's stock trades at $33 and Ballmer blocks me from buying MSFT in court, then the stock drops back to $28. I can see a lawsuit. But what really happened? Shareholders culd have had a sure $33 in cash by calling or emailing their broker and saying "sell." They _chose_ to hang on. Why? because they gambled on getting $35 if I got 51% of the stock? or hoping for $40 if I had to raise my bid? That's their gamble, why should Ballmer be on the hook for their wagering? Hanging on to your stock because you guess that the stock will be worth more is entirely your problem. Hanging on to your stock because management make vague promises about the long term value of the stock is also your problem. You certainly can't sue the week after the offer. What about offering $24 in 1996? http://www.sunworld.com/swol-01-1996/swol-01-apple.html The board turned Sun down and then went out and paid $400 million to buy NeXT. For all intents and purposes, they paidf $400 million to buy an operating system, hire an OS team headed by Avie Trevanian, and oh yes, provide a nice signing bonus for their new part-time CEO, some guy named Steve. Lots of shareholders grumbled. Of course, that was Apple and this is Yahoo. I don't personally think Jerry has Steve's touch, but I sincerely hope he makes me look like the wrong end of an Equine. What about offering $24 in 1996? http://www.sunworld.com/swol-01-1996/swol-01-apple.html The board turned Sun down and then went out and paid $400 million to buy NeXT. For all intents and purposes, they paidf $400 million to buy an operating system, hire an OS team headed by Avie Trevanian, and oh yes, provide a nice signing bonus for their new part-time CEO, some guy named Steve. Lots of shareholders grumbled. Of course, that was Apple and this is Yahoo. I don't personally think Jerry has Steve's touch, but I sincerely hope he makes me look like the wrong end of an Equine. > 'Tom Lehrer’s description of folk singers as “the people who get up on stage and come out in favor of all the things that everyone else in the audience is against, like peace and justice and brotherhood and so on”'. This second bit made me think of people like RMS. tc;dr I am reminded of the constant fight to explain the difference between "if" and "iff." We observe that really great OO code has small methods that do one thing well. IF great-oo THEN small-methods. So is the answer to go out and refactor code so that each method only does one thing? This makes a different assumption: IF_AND_ONLY_IF great-oo THEN small-methods. That's the Microsoft strategy, and it works quite well in many markets. But it's not the only winning strategy. for example, GM profited handsomely from the Interstate Highway System, even though the roads worked for Ford as well. Levi Strauss profited handsomely from blue jeans becoming a fashion statement, even though they did not have a monopoly on wearing denim. When you are the market leader, when you have the biggest piece of the pie, you have the most to gain from the entire pie growing exponentially. Right now, Apple has the most to gain from music players growing as a market. I suggest that DRM-free music makes the market for music players grow exponentially, and locked-in music holds the market back. Remember, the vast majority of the music on iPods today is DRM-free MP3s. Apple profits from consumers ripping their CDs to MP3s. The more DRM-free music is out there, the more iPods people will buy, even though they also play on other machines. I mean that the original essay provides an interesting exercise that, IMO, would be helpful to try as an exercise. However, I do not suggest that the resulting software--as a whole--will necessarily be better after the exercise than before. I picked method length as one example, but I think it applies to all of the suggestions. Just because we observe some property of good software, it doe snot follow that software deliberately written to exhibit this property will be good. That's what I was suggesting. > to think that they would love to give us the music for free goes a bit too far Did I write that? I don't remember, and I can't find it int he essay. I wrote that they would love to be able to compete with Amazon on price and that if they could get it from the labels on the same terms as Amazon, they woul doffer it at the same or lower price. As for free iPods, I don't remember writing that either. That being said, lots of companies work very hard at making their products less expensive in order to occupy mor eof the market. Last time I checked, Apple has offered a variety of iPods over a very broad spread of prices, from shuffle to iPod touch 32GB. Cheap iPods = no oxygen for competitors at the low end. That's a perfectly normal business strategy, isn't it? "you can copy it freely on your own devices, but you can not sell it on ebay. The ebay factor is something I still don't see factored into the prices for online music (it should be cheaper than CDs, because I can sell a CD once I get tired of it)." That is a novel and interesting point. Thank you. "The moment I’m so tied to email that I need to read it from my phone is the day I need to throw said phone away." Hmmm. Actually, I disagree with your statement as written. "Programs with short methods are easy to understand" expresses that the set of programs with short methods is a subset of the set of all programs that are easy to understand. Therefore, every program with short methods is easy to understand, or (easy to understand) if (short methods), or (short methods) -> (easy to understand). I was expressing that it there exists a very large set of programs with short methods that are not easy to understand. To make these statements less subject to procedural wrangling, given a particular working program, the set of all possible permutations and refactorings that produce the same output contains many permutations with short methods that are not easy to understand. It's certainly fair to have different opinions. For one thing, Apple themselves probably have different opinions: they probably have debates like this where one manager screams at another that there is One True Way to manage iPod/iTMS and the other throws a stapler at her head. For example, I wrote that essay as if there is one, coördinated strategy with iPod and iTMS. In reality, there may be iTMS managers who are trying to maximize profits for their division while the iPod managers are trying to undermine iTMS and commoditize it for the benefit of their division, just as if they we in coöpitition as independant companies. So... the truth is probably way more complex than we imagine, or even could imagine. More fuel for the "Media Cartel Hates Apple's Strategy" fire. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=184507 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=182760 Sorry about that! "As much as I'm sure that both Zune users would appreciate having access to NBC's video library, the problem remains of how exactly Microsoft would do that, aside from splashing giant watermarks across everything. " My money's on unicorn tears. " Are you actually short AAPL and long DELL? Apple's computer business may or may not thrive over the next decade, but beware the false dichotomy where the choice is between Apple thriving or Dell thriving. Dell is in the no-man's land where it actually isn't the cheapest supplier, as FSJ explains so sweetly, it has burned its customer loyalty, and it certainly doesn't have any cachet. And finally, they are at Microsoft's mercy, and the Vista debacle hurt them terribly. They needed an OS that would be a killer app: something that would drive customers to upgrade their hardware just to run Vista. Without that, where are they going to find explosive growth? Music players? Anybody remember the Bic Lighter^H^H Dell DJ? Flat screen TVs? Selling American PCs to the growing Chinese market? I can't tell you whether to go long AAPL. But I admire the balls of anyone going long on DELL. Sounds vaguely like the domain-feces of a Microsoft operating system, although Universities usually go with Unix :-) My other major rant is when an application presents information to you in a certain format but won't accept it in the same format. So if they display the credit card number with spaces, and I copy/paste it into their own application, they reject it! My bank fixed this bug, but for years they would display the credit card balance with a $ and a comma for more than a thousand; $1,234.56. But could I paste "$1,234.56" into the amount field when paying the balance off? Noooooo, "$" and "," are illegal characters! Call me crazy, but when I speak to you in your own language, I want you to understand what I'm saying :-) Landlords factor that in to the rent. Here in Ontario, we have rent control legislation, so rents do not move with the market. However, the landlord is permitted to raise the rents when the cost of maintenance rises. If you don't want the hassle of actually dealing with maintenance, you can purchase something like a condominium, where a management firm handles the maintenance and you write a cheque each month. So... I'm suggesting the maintenance issue is orthogonal to the ownership issue. Amen. The best way to convince me of your vision of the future is to build it. Rock on! Not sure I understand how to integrate what you are saying with what I read in the post. If RoR is dog-slow--let's pick 100x slower than something you would code in the weekend--but scales, then what they can serve with 100 servers = what you serve with one server. To double capacity, you add one server and they go from 100 to 200. And so it goes. Scalability is a second-order issue: if you go from 1 server to 2, but they need to go from 100 servers to 400 servers to handle the same load, then not only are they slower than you are, but they can't scale as well as you can. I get why using a framework for the UI and business logic could make them 100x slower than something custom-coded. And from the original post, I get why a conventional database+read cache may not be appropriate for a messaging application. But what I don't get is the connection between RoR and scalability. Unless you are speaking of its default configuration, namely RoR+ActiveRecord+MySQL. Which speaks more to the architecture choice (tables, rows) than to the framework choice (views, models, controllers). or am I missing something????? > SUN, IBM, Oracle or any other respected consultant Are you implying that Sun, IBM, and Oracle are respected for the prowess of their consulting organizations? I'm sure they have some Fine People working there, however the view that "writing a seven-figure cheque to these companies guarantees a positive outcome" is not universally held. Although there is some rumour that some, most or all of their web development is handled by a team in Toronto, am no longer "you guys" :-) That being said, there are some places where you can type in a date and it accepts a wide variety of formats, including the format it displays on its own pages. Rumour has it that some team-lead-type-guy proposed that as a bug fix, was shot down, coded it himself, and it waited in queue for a month or two before there were QA resources available to make sure it worked. Ah, so it's a case of "I believe their choice of Tool A is wrong for solving Problem B, thus although I cannot see what they have done with Architecture C to solve Problem D, I don't have a lot of confidence they made the right decisions." Thanks for explaining your reasoning. Here's a suggestion: compare it to using 10x as many programmers to write something in J2EE because it's easier to hire 10 J2EE drones than one RoR whiz (where "whiz" is understood to mean "person who has experience solving RoR problems"). It's all a question of what you believe to be the scarce resource. H=e obviously believes that for a well-founded company, server CPU cycles are not a scarce resource. This implies that he believes that RoR addresses some issue raised by something else being the scarce resource. I made a few calls. Turns out that this can be done, and with an AJAX edit-in-place to boot. It was so easy, my buddy coded it up in a few minutes while we discussed it over IM. The feature is still pretty rough, really just a demo. But as a proof of concept, it's not too bad. For now, you can reduce your deposit balance and another account's balance automatically goes up by the same amount, in real time. My buddy was in a bit of a hurry, so he hard-coded the target account--the one that rises--to be his own personal account. But he says that you can try teh feature out and send him feedback. Amazing how quickly those folks cotton on to helping customers. > I honestly thought this would be about how every time someone anywhere posts a code snippit online 10 people attack how it is written suggesting differing opinions(3 of which won't work at all, 2 will be in a different language, and 2 will solve completely different problems). Does Freud's "Narcissism of Small Differences" help explain why this happens? Of course you never see people use the y combinator to write a string padding algorithm. But do you ever see people overuse metaprogramming or abuse open classes? The story was not meant to be taken literally. There's something fundamentally important here, a perspective that certain practices are insurance against disaster even if they add a constant amount of overhead. Fault/Blame/Responsibility does not neatly add up to 100%. Therefore, even if we can find ways the Agnostic could have documented this requirement in the code, or if we installed a build server that would have rejected the rewrites for breaking unit tests, this does not absolve the others of responsibility for: 1. Making changes without understanding the requirements. They weren't documented as comments, fair enough. But did those fictional characters examine the entire system? Did they review which code produced this function's input and which consumed its output? Did they ask the Agnostic why his code didn't handle strings of fewer than three characters? One day the Agnostic will be gone, and one day soem hapless programmer will have to do the detective work to figure these things out. And that's a great reason to document things... to save someone the detective work. But a lack of documentation is not an excuse to skip the detective work. 2. Nowhere in the story was there a bug report filed, nor an individual "tasked" (I hate verbifying) with a rewrite. Nor did the story describe someone updating the unit tests to include the "missing cases." 3. Many folks have identified the need for these fictional characters to communicate. Note that in the story, even after the problem is identified, all four characters carry on behaving exactly the same way. The Agnostic at least tries to talk to the others, then gives up and just codes. None of them step back and ask the kind of questions you are asking here. None of them step back and figure out that there is more at stake than what to do with two-character zip codes. So... what I am saying is that I agree with you, and on top of my agreement I am suggesting that even if we are finding ways the fictional Agnostic could have been a better developer, we shouldn't stop right there. We shouldn't let the others off the hook. Should you invest ten years in (a) becoming a better programmer? Or in (b) learning how to manage the people side of things? Or in (c) discovering what kinds of problems are worth solving? How about (d) all of the above, making this "necessary but not sufficient"? You need a new boss ;-) "music labels argue that they should be paid more for an over-the-air download than a standard track bought over the internet, where the wholesale price is about 70 cents." Hunh? Dear Mr. Jobs: Would you be so kind as to provide an "add to my wishlist" feature for the iTunes Music Store, so that when I select a track in iTMS and it tells me it is $2.99 for a mobile download (plus exorbitant data transfer charges), I can wait until I am sipping a latte at my neighborhood coffee shop with free WiFi and pay 99 cents for the same track. Thank you very much. I counted: Chief Process Scientist; strategic partnership; change management consulting services; vision; Software OnDemand; business model; outsourcing; play; Lean; business agility; pull based near/on-shore outsourcing model; software engineering value chain; maturity; thought leader; scale; craft based labor-arbitrage outsource businesses; Lean Thinking; Software Factories; orders of magnitude improvement Did I miss any? tc;dr If the buzzwords are in the same row, column, or diagonal on your card you are permitted to call bingo even if you can't make a cogent paragraph out of them. Note the p.p.s. Absolutely. And in this case, she was discussing an idea and people in one go. I'm of two minds about that... The money I make off referrals is insignificant. What I do is take it as gift certificates, which I spend on books and music. I'm grateful for those, in a way that's a lot better than cash. If it were cash, I might be tempted to ask whether writing really pays. The answer is definitely it does not pay compared to just about anything. I could make more money doing menial labour building Koi ponds and have lots of fun. However, the buzz of getting a book or CD is way higher than the equivalent cash value. It's very irrational: If I take two hours to write a post, and I earned $14.00 from it, I would be devastated to earn $7 an hour. But if I get a copy of The Goldberg Variations that I'd never heard before from that article, and I get hours of enjoyment from it... It feels like a terrific bargain to work for two hours and then enjoy a wonderful piece of music. (I am not getting into the other rewards of writing. I am strictly responding to the question about referrals.) This is exactly what Paul was talking about with respect to Trolls in a public forum. Right or wrong, difficult or easy, it is this simple: if the incentives favour the trolls and disfavour the polite users, the trolls drive the polite users out. So how does Flickr get away with moderating content and banning users? How does Hacker News get away with moderating conetnt and banning users? How does Reddit get away with moderating content reported as spam? How do any of these sites get away with banning porn or spam? may I quote you? done, on the OP You are correct, but note that just because "self taught" is unpretentious, it is not necessarily the case that "autodidact" is pretentious. For a demonstration of this principle, compare the quality of a person with a degree in Computer Science. Has the average gotten better in the last 30 years, stayed about the same, or gotten worse? My feeling is it has gotten much worse as people have sought degrees solely for the purpose of using them to get jobs in the field, precisely as you suggest would happen to blogs and reading cliff's notes. However, may I point out that blogging is very different from reading the cliff's notes of a book? A hiring manager can read your blog. If they simply check that you have a blog, well, whoop-de-doo. I have a blog, so that clearly proves nothing. However, if the hiring manager reads your blog, they can deduce a great deal about what you pretend to think and how you communicate it. So it is a small example of your work, much as posting source code is a small example of your work. Very true, however Ruby is still very much growing in popularity and growing as a language. Therefore, if you employ a "little-known trick" and somehow it becomes popular, it is no longer little-known and it becomes a "standard idiom." This is not automatic, but I suggest the possibility is much greater with Ruby than with certain other languages for various reasons, and therefore it is at least worth considering a new idiom in Ruby rather than rejecting it outright. One of the ways you can make your favourite idiom popular is to blog about it, of course. Or perhaps to write something really popular and use your idiom in it, such as returning() {...} or perhaps Symbol#to_proc. http://weblog.raganwald.com/2008/02/1100inject.html "the PR burden has now shifted to Microsoft to demonstrate that they actually can offer functionality that's not already available on a Mac." This doesn't seem compelling. What is wrong with MSFT simply copying Apple while maintaining compatibility and familiarity for its users? Consider American retreads of Britcoms (a longstanding tradition, I recall watching "Three's Company" religiously). The value proposition is simple: All the laughs of "Robin's Nest," with an accent you can understand. So why must MSFT "innovate"? What is wrong with going to their user base and saying "All the nice features of OS X, with backwards compatibility and rewritten to be familiar to you"? This may not be sexy to me personally, but it seems like a legitimate business strategy and like something many Windows owners would want. Try this: ban yourself from commenting on anything on HN. Just opt yourself right out of the forums. I tried this on reddit, and it was an incredibly liberating experience. "Do VC's really want to build companies to feel good about themselves, or to show off, or to look better? Only if those companies make money." I think you misunderstand the VC business. They charge a fee for managing money. Therefore, their business is attracting investment. This is exactly how mutual funds operate as well. Now, they stand to make money when their funds make money through various incentives and so forth. But by far the biggest incentive is that if they have a home run, they get more money invested, which means more management fees. So aren't they incented to make money for their investors? Not really: if they have a string of modest investments, averaging out to making money, they will not attract a lot of capital: the money will flow to the VCs that have name brand hits. Whereas if they have a ton of total and otherwise embarrassing failures but hit one out of the park, they will get a ton of new money when they start another fund. Or if their portfolio companies are the darlings of the press, they will get a ton of new money when they start another fund So... Their strongest incentives are to own companies that get a lot of press and hopefully get a few really press-worthy hits. That is a lot like patronage to me. I never use Ruby's case or switch or whatever-it's-called. I could make up some mumbo-jumbo about case being a code smell and that it should actually be refactored to a method dispatch over polymorphic objects, but the truth is that I have no idea why I don't write case statements, I just don't. My experience: Successfully pasing a code challenge is not a good predictor of future success. However, failing to pass a code challenge is a very good predictor of future failure. Furthermore, making the test harder does not make it predict future success well. Therefore, I belong to the "FizzBuzz" school: Make the test ridiculously simple. It should take no more than fifteen minutes to complete. If the person gets it obviously right, throw the result away and move on to more important quetsions. Do not try to deduce a lot of malarky about their programming style or ability from an obviously contrived problem. For example, writing: a = 5; b = 10 Does not mean they don't know Ruby well, and writing: a, b = 5, 10 Does not mean they are a Ruby expert. And writing: fsquare = lambda { |x| x * x } Does not mean they are a closet Bipolar Lisp Programmer. If the program works, it's a pass, move on. If there is a syntax error or some such, who cares, move on. But if they struggle... You need to investigate the reason for their difficulty with a simple problem. "As far as I'm concerned, anyone who can't come up with a trivial loop (or recursive or tail recursive function) for something like this shouldn't be programming for a living. Maybe "developing enterprise solutions," but never programming." Priceless, If you ever put this on a cafepress mug or tee shirt, you can count on selling me a dozen or so as office gifts. Thanks for the laugh. There is room for both of the expressions "a lot like patronage" and "not quite like patronage" to be true. The big question about using patronage as a metaphor is whether discussing the ways in which Venture Capitalism 'is' and 'is not' like Patronage leads to greater insight. What do you think? If he provokes some useful thought for you, terrific. That being said... the post zeroes in on a question of integrity: Quoting someone means they said what you quoted. Don't you think Arrington could give you an op-ed opinion without misrepresenting the subject? In that case, why not remove it from HN? If posts aren't contributing positively to the site, please apply moderation (in moderation, of course)! I have a strong feeling upmod/downmod is broken as a mechanism for guageing the "interesting-ness" of web posts. It seems that everyone agrees that the community "ought to" upmod valuable things and downmod useless things independantly of whether each person agrees or disagrees with the basic premise, however what I observe is that the more emotionally invested someone is in an issue, the further they stray from the utopian ideal. "Object Orientation failed because it's too hard to understand? I blinked in incredulity" With great respect, I suggest: If you know what a closure is, you may have trouble understanding how OO is difficult to understand for many other people. The kind of people who have never heard of a closure, and whose eyes glaze over as you try to explain that a closure is an inside-out object and an objct is an inside-out closure. Well, it _is_ pure hype until such time as they ship. That being said, it doesn't sound too good to be true, it sounds like they are trying to drag Ruby up to the state-of-the-art for dynamic language performance circa 1990 or so. =My equally uninformed windbaggish douchebaggery guess is that there will be some serious compromises to be made if you want 10x-50+x performance. For example, what if you need a pragma to turn eval and method_missing off for a section of code to obtain the highest performance? In that case, it won't run every Ruby program at hyper speed, but I bet a lot of people will ask themselves if they need those two difficult-to-optimize features for 100% of their code, or whether they can turn them off here or there or even forgo them entirely. I guess what I am trying to say is that it probably isn't as good as it sounds in some respects but it may still have plenty of room to be a game-changer. As mentioned elsewhere: Naïvité. It's a terrific loan-word, it has a diaeresis and an accent :-) http://tinyurl.com/2hep8v Amusing and lacking detailed examples, but there's an underlying idea in there that gave me pause. "Your email account is a de-facto master password for your online identity. Most -- if not all -- of your online accounts are secured through your email. Remember all those "forgot password" and "forgot account" links? Guess where they ultimately resolve to? If someone controls your email account, they have nearly unlimited access to every online identity you own across every website you visit." ...and... "how can I take your privacy policies seriously if you aren't willing to treat your competitors' login credentials with the very same respect that you treat your own?" Solid gold. Alternative ways to scrape your email addresses without asking for your login credentials (from a comment on the OP): Google Contacts API: http://code.google.com/apis/contacts/ Yahoo! Contact API: http://developer.yahoo.com/addressbook/ Windows Live Contact API: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb463989.aspx Meta-comment: These comments exemplify the classic Usenet culture: "What's the best way to X?" //blow to the head "Do not X! You must Y!! Only the clueless and terminally insane even consider X!!!" "I DO give out keys to my house to a number of people that I trust." Your house keys are less dangerous than your email password. As jeff points out, with your email password someone can probably take control of all of your web credentials. It's as if you have them your house keys, and then they use those to take control of your snail mail, and then they apply for new credit cards in your name, and order a new set of car keys, and so on. And of course, we are not talking about giving your house keys to a friend staying with you. We are talking about giving your house keys to the bartender because he says he can help you invite all your friends to have a drink with you. It is sad that these things need to be said. Wikimedia? I have had the same experience, and I would definitely say there is a strong correlation but it is not a case of NDA -> Fail, but more like a Fail -> NDA. Specifically, the type of person who thinks they ONLY have an idea, and that execution does not matter, and that there are no other problems to be solved besides coming up with the idea---that person is highly motivated to NDA. Meanwhile, the person who thinks there are a lot of problems to be solved of which one very important part is the product... that person is less motivatd to NDA because they don't think you can copy their idea, ship it a week or two ahead of them, and beat them. tc;dr A couple of weak points--XBoxes overheating is hardly a reason for dismissing the CEO--but a couple of the points are right on the money, AFAIC: 1. Stock price. That's Steve's ONLY job. The only excuse for a dismal stock price during the same period that AAPL and GOOG have enjoyed great success is to claim that anyone else would have made the stock drop and he protected investors from actually losing money on their MSFT holdings. I'm sorry, but anyone else with the same performance in a Fortune500 company would have been gone a while ago. The only exceptions are companies with family dynasties like Ford and Kraft, or Microsoft where Steve is Bill's long-time friend. 2. Milking the Office and Windows cows while the herd escapes the pasture. The OP turns these into several different points, but they are the same point: Releasing uncompelling upgrades just to keep the money rolling in while allowing competition to take customers away. Steve needed to play better defense, meaning customers should not be walking away from Windows or Office. 3. Yahoo. Yes, the OP is right. The merger--at any price--looked like a way for make things so confusing that Ballmer couldn't be fired until he cleaned up the mess. It's a classic BigCo move: Do a re-org to protect management from being fired. And there's no re-org like a massive merger. Now that people have stopped criticizing Jerry for turning down the B$44, the spotlight--and axe--should fall on Steve for starting the whole mess. How many people have already resigned or started job-hunting at Microsoft when they heard about the merger and the obvious impending layoffs and confusion? Not just Javascript, but Mobile Safari has goodies to let you style web forms with iPhone UI appearance, such as sliders for toggling things on and off. So given that there is already a huge trend away from standalone apps and towards browser apps, Apple is actually supporting that trend by making Mobile Safari apps look attractive and work well on an iPhone. I agree, that was a weak beat. I consider the surface computer to be like a concept car from Detroit: it's an exercie in puffery. Apple did the same thing with their "Knowledge Navigator" video. And any ways, stealing from Apple is MSFT's job. I sold my MSFT stock a while back, but if I still had any I would be distressed if they weren't stealing anything. We're talking about Ballmer's job here. His job is to make the stock make money for investors. Does anyone go long on MSFT because they want to put some R&D in their portfolio? I don't think so. They buy MSFT because they want to invest in a company that executes on monetizing other people's ideas. (side beat: much as they invest in GOOG because they want to invest in a company that monetizes other people's content.) I thought it was witty, and all things considered I prefer good ideas in witty packages to good ideas all by themselves. That probably explains why Joel Spolsky obtained some early popularity: many people found his posts entertaining and educational at the same time. I'm sorry, what problem are you solving here? The problem of a new user writing a bot and hogging the karma? While allowing an "old hand" to do exactly the same thing and reap the rewards? How very... feudal . That comment gets an upmod for being a fertile suggestion: even if it doesn't work as-is, it provokes some thought about what behaviour we actually want to reward. IOW, we are saying: "We hate most spolsky/coding horror/raganwald/..." posts, but from time to time there's a good one in there, so please ferret out the good stuff for us. Posting stuff from Paul Graham or Tech Crunch is not going to be rewarded. Sounds suspiciously like re are rewarding risk-takers. That seems to be in the spirit of hacker news. v. true, when in doubt, use emoticons :-) No ideas, for the simple reason that I have a basic pessimism about trying to use carrots and sticks to create behaviour that is beneficial to a social group. "We don't teach people to be nice, we hire nice people" --Leona Helmsley (sp?) I think we can punish egregiously bad behaviour and we can moderate things, that eliminates outliers. But fundamentally our approach should be to encourage nice people to join and discourage trolls so that they leave. It is not clear to me that karma is a good mechanism for that... if there is a game, some people will play for the sheer pleasure of winning. I think the number one way to encourage nice people to use a social site responsibly is to swiftly and severly punish trolling. Nothing sends a message that you prefer signal over noise like banning noisemakers. JM2C, doesn't really do much about bots. Looking at Apple's business with the music labels and now with the carriers, they seem to have taken "Where there's muck, there's brass" to heart (thanks, Paul). Their business model seems to be cleaning up the muck, first in music and now in telephony. I expect an ongoing struggle between Apple's philosophy (simple, straightforward products and pricing) and their partners' philosophies (pay for a song, pay for a ringtone from that song, pay for the bits to move the song over the air, pay for the bits to move the ringtone over the air, system acccess fees, &c.) Oh wait, I forgot: and what you pay differs depending on whether "over the air" is wifi or 3G. Muck indeed, Apple has an Augean task ahead of itself. "I can get an EEE PC for that price, install windows xp on it and have everything the iPhone has" I hope you realize that you can have everything the iPhone has that you perceive you want , not everything the iPhone has. I trudge into this thread wearily, since I have been privy to this debate since the 1980s. But do you think, just maybe, that while you do not care for it, there are others who value the design inherent in an iPod's hardware and software that gives them value compared to Windows XP? I would describe this piece as criticizing Microsoft's management rather than criticizing Microsoft. The difference may seem subtle to people who dislike Microsoft, but while criticizing Microsoft usually means criticizing what they are trying to do (bully people, monetize other people's R&D, monopolize markets), this author is criticizing their ineffectiveness in doing it. And he does a really good job of drilling down into detail. "I applaud MSFT and Ballmer for not giving into Wall St. and foolishly trying to boost the stock price at all costs. I think MSFT is extremely well positioned to be an industry leader." Hello Mr. Investor? We want your money. What's that? No, you don't get any returns, we're going to become an Industry Leader . Seriously, if they don't want to actually make money for their investors, they ought to go private. They need to buy all of the stock back from the public markets and then they can do whatever they want. If they want to sink billions into XBox just so they can thump their chest about having a successful platform, as a private company they can do that. If they want to release products like Zune just so they can thump their chest about being the hub of the digital media lifestyle, as a private company they can do that. I agree. Look at programming.reddit.com. Many posts have a bushel of upmods but the majority of comments on those posts are negative. Thus, you have a weird behaviour where peopel who like something are less likely to speak up than people who dislike something. It may have something to do with the fact that praising something doesn't seem to add value--what's the point of a comment that says "great idea"??? Thus, people who like something upmod it but have little to say. On the other hand, people who dislike it have lots to say, and it feels like criticism is adding value to the community. But from the perspective of the person doing the work, putting something on display before it is bulletproof and perfect is much more likely to attract flames than praise. You hvae to have an asbestos ego to deal with that on a regular basis. ...almost as harmful as "considered harmful" essays: http://meyerweb.com/eric/comment/chech.html I think some of the suggestions around namespacing methods would also help, and would help in a very clean fashion. But as long as extending core classes happens in a single global namespace, there are going to be problems. Although it wasn't mentioned in this particular post, the problem is acute for people using extensions for their own third-party libraries. If you install gem foo, and it uses something with "stupid method names for Object extensions," your code is now infected with stupid method names for Object extensions. What happens if you use gems foo and bar and they conflict with each other? Even though you went out of your way to eschew Object extensions, the authors of gems foo and bar may not have been so hygienic. My hope is that some mechanism for avoiding this problem becomes popular. This may not be it, but crossing yourself and hoping nobody else uses your method names or conflicts with each other does not scale very well. Well, considering that I wrote the andand gem that actually does extend the Object class, it should be clear that I am comfortable with the idea of selectively extending core classes. However, I am also keenly aware that there are others with different viewpoints. For example, andand was first used in production on an application with a handful of developers and a medium-sized collection of classes. I have done some work with another application that has dozens of developers in multiple locations and considerably more classes, almost an order of magnitude more. The developers on the second application are far more conservative about extending core classes. I am also very sensitive to the downstream client problem. When working on your own project, you can do whatever you want. But when writing a gem or plug-in for others to use, you need to be much more conservative about introducing extensions, because they get them whether they want them or not. For that reason, the rewrite gem doesn't use andand. Well, the short answer is that composing functions allows you to build algebraic abstractions but not syntactic abstractions. I would never use squaring things as an example of macros: as you properly point out, this does not illustrate anything that cannot be done at least as easily with functions. The examples I would trot out are things like let, which adds block scoping to languages that don't have it built in, or things like cond/case/switch. If you have a languge that doesn't have a case-like statement, you can use a macro to make one. Your current language probably has these things built in, but such macors at least demonstrate a kind of abstraction that cannot be done with functions. For example, you could build a function that looks like a case statement, but because most languages these days employ eager evaluation, your case function would evaluate all of its outcomes rather than only evaluating the one you want. To make it work as a pure function, you would have to roll your own thunks by passing anonymous functions in for each case to be evaluated and each outcome. That works, but all that boilerplate becomes tedious. The macro merely automates that kind of boilerplate for you in places where eager evaluation is harmful. Time for me to stop, but I'll leave with a suggestion: syntactic abstraction is most useful when there's something unusual about the way you want to evaluate things. "No, I am not taking Apple to task for anything" I just want to share with you that when I read the title, I thought you meant something like "The false expectations Apple is setting with Snow Leopard." After I read the article, I came away with the thought that what you were saying is "The false hopes people are clinging to when they read about Snow Leopard." It's a worse-is-better thing: it makes some forms of abstraction awkward, you have to fool around chaining methods. But it does take the most common case and make it simple. It seems like a legitimate design choice, even if I don't always like the resuls. "millions of people pay tens of thousands of dollars a year for it after they get done with the free stuff." The fact that many people pay for something does not make it worthwhile for you. Rick is a class act, and just technical enogh to be dangerous... especially to founders who sling buzzwords without the least idea what they are really saying. I couldn't resist posting one his best: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=223021 The punch line: The split second you get any traction, any success at all? Look over shoulder, they’re coming. You are already ‘the old way to do it.’ Speaking for myself, I don't really think the story is about a bad pitch. Business is business, you sell your company any way you like, and people buy or they don't buy. We may laugh at the false bravado, but we are probably laughing at the hard-sell penny stock promoters while they are making millions. Any way, I think this story is really about how to burn a referral source. IMO, if you are approaching a VC directly, you use any pitch you want and I say good for you. But if I refer you to a VC, I want you to think very hard about what your pitch says about ME before you make it. I think that is a very serious matter, and that is the issue I have with the anonymized founders in the story. They clearly did not consider what their referral source would have to say about being associated with their pitch. Please clarify: fewer people, lesser people, or both? ;-) The author has apparently discovered that Sturgeon's Revelation applies as well to start-ups as as it does to science fiction. FSJ satire, but some insightful commentary on what effect plummeting CPM will have on the news business. "they told me that using the download page to download something was not something they anticipated." And rightly so. Anyone who tries to use the download page to download something will give up and never try it again, so after a while everyone will ignore it! With respect, I do hope you realize that "taste" and "design" are about an awful lot more than "pretty." I would say that MSFT products being "pretty" demonstrates how little they get it. They think that making something "designed" means smearing pretty on it after you're done, as if you can design a web application by building something randomly then hiring a graphic designer to make the page slook nice just before you go live. Good for them. Running a social network is like running a bar (or pub in this case). If the owners get fed up and are willing to live with the consequences, why not lock the doors and go to the zoo for the day? "Unless 37signals does not consider it to be significant?" That's the real disconnect here. It isn't that responding to secuity vulnerabilities needs a unique process, it's that the author considers this issue significant and 37Signals does not. Old timers remember the exact same issue with reddit.com, only they went the extra distance and had their servers stolen with passwords on them. I'm curious about that: is it simply because there were no progress bars in the first browser to implement a file upload and everyone is now just rolling with lowered user expectations? I realize it's a colloquialism and not to be taken too literally, but I don't care for the premise of Jeff's opening line: I may not be smart enough to join Mensa, but I am smart enough not to build websites like the American Mensa website. It implies that smartness is a single continuum (maybe, maybe not), and that you can measure it by looking at single actions like whether someone implements security feature X in a web site. My feeling about something like this is that most people who get it right are probably people who have heard or read about the issues regarding plaintext passwords. That makes them more knowledgeable, which is a fine thing if you are hiring them to build a web application, but not the same thing as smart in this sense. True, some people can work out the issues from first principles, which is definitely evidence of smartness, but I have strong doubts that you can get an accurate measure of smartness from just one "test" like this. Overall, it would be a far better "zinger" if it were a security web site with a security flaw, something like the story of the identity protection company whose CEO had his identity stolen. All that being said, I still upmodded the story. Blogging this kind of thing is a public service and a reminder for hackers doing start-ups can't hurt. It would be terrible if you built a great service, were just about to raise a substantial round, and some know-it-all technoid working with the VC flipped your bozo bit because you stored passwords in plain text. "ROFL get a life" Let me see if I understand what you are saying: You assume the author does not have a life, and your response is to laugh so hard you fall off your chair? That is not a very nice sentiment, and if I am correct in understanding your point of view, it is especially unkind to attempt to publicly shame him for what you perceive to be an unacceptable lifestyle. I sincerely hope that the choices you make about relating to people in "real life" are much more pleasant than the choice you made here. I thought it was insightful. Take documents. You start with editing a document. It's all about snapshots of a document. Then you want collaboration on the document. Then you want an audit trail showing who changed what. Then you want an RSS feed of ongoing changes to the document. Pretty soon, you are more interested in the feed than the snapshot. Ruby is well-organized and well thought-out. O RLY? Just kidding. I think Ruby is well thought-out. Just for a chuckle, what does this snippet of code do? p = Proc.new { return :to_sender }; p.call What about this one? l = lambda { return :to_sender }; l.call Why and how do they differ? And given that they differ in behaviour, what do you think this should return? False, right? c.class == l.class As for my criticisms, my main point has to do with Ruby not being implemented in terms of itself. Almost everything else that troubles me can be traced back to that issue. http://weblog.raganwald.com/2006/11/significance-of-meta-cir... http://weblog.raganwald.com/2007/12/why-rubinius-matters-to-... http://weblog.raganwald.com/2008/02/turtles-all-way-down-ple... p.s. Please remember that the post was not titled "What's wrong with Ruby," it was titled "My Mixed Feelings about Ruby." So it can well be that I have a viewpoint which does not reflect how intelligent people feel about t he language. blocks are redundant with lambdas Except the semantics of the return keyword are corrupted if you get rid of blocks and procs while keeping lambdas. Makes me think return isn't worth the bother, but then again lots of people would hate a language without a return keyword. A return statement is not illegal, however it returns from the method call where it was defined... if that method call is still valid. So this works: def valid_method_call pp = Proc.new { return :to_method_caller } pp.call end valid_method_call But this does not: ll = lambda { pp = Proc.new { return :to_lambda_caller } pp.call } ll.call If you do something like save the proc for later, you are in trouble: def temporary_method_call Proc.new { return :where_shall_i_return? } end pp = temporary_method_call pp.call Because the method call where the proc was defined no longer exists. So Ruby closes over local variable bindings, saving them for later, but not over control flow. If it did, the return keyword would end up acting like a continuation. No, the main point of my personal blog post was that I am personally wrestling with the idea that Ruby as a whole might be more than the sum of its inelegant parts. The main point of the criticism within the point of the post was about Ruby not being implemented in itself, but that is not the point of the post. I should also mention that part of what I like about Ruby is its diversity. I'm completely indebted to Matz, (and DHH, because ruby wouldn't have taken off as it has without Rails) because he's invented a Perl that is "cool." See now, I am completely indebted to Matz because he's invented a Lisp that is "cool." I think Ruby truly has it both ways. it wouldn't if there were a new keyword to represent the way Proc.new behaves My understanding is that there is a very good chance that Ruby 1.9 (when it stabilizes) will change the proc keyword to have Proc.new semantics instead of lambda semantics, for exactly the reason your give. http://weblog.raganwald.com/2008/05/why-apple-is-more-expens... iTunes has DRM while the "competition" doesn't because the music industry cartel is trying to use its monopoly over music rights to manipulate the distribution market. Dismal idea. At least you tried, though. Therein you have the explanation for all of my failures and all of my successes. A large number of dismal ideas combined with a willingness to try again :-) Really? With 200+ karma you wouldn't be willing to knock someone down every once in awhile... ya know, take one for the team? If certain things cost karma, karma becomes currency. You earn it in order to spend it on stuff you want to do. Like downvoting. Real programmers can Greenspun Lisp in any language. Watch "The Insider." A key element of the trial was the employer's insistence that testifying under subpoena was still a violation of the non-disclosure agreement. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhHONpmlxPc Be warned, Viacom want your IP address... Learning to love the one you're with is fine, however that does not necessarily lead to the type of "mind warp" he's describing. I like JS enough to blog about it, but I confess I haven't found in it that marvelous thing that makes me see programming in a new light. So it may be that although Javascript is where you want to use your FP chops, Lisp or Ocaml is where you want to acquire them. "Python offers it all, functional, procedural, object-oriented. So you just choose hwta fits the problem best and dont worry about politics." I find the idea that Python offers it all surprising, for example my understanding is that anonymous functions can only be one line and you cannot write generic functions a'la CLOS. If that is the case, while Python may offer a terrific language for Getting Stuff Done, you may want to consider learning other languages on the off chance that they actually do more in each of their respective areas. Then, when you return to Python you can apply what you've learned. they have to realistically do whatever is best to protect the interests of their shareholders I took the article as suggesting that NIH is not in the best interests of their shareholders, as things like MSTest simply frustrate their users. The debate about whether NIH is good or bad for MSFT is interesting. In all fairness, if the read me contains information about what to do when you can't get the application working... It would be a huge WTF if the only way to find out why you can't read PDF files is locked inside a PDF file :-) For a moment, I thought "Microsoft Fixes Feature" was an Onion article satarizing Microsoft's habit of rewriting everything with new features and newer defects isntead of making their existing stuff work flawlessly. As it turns out, I was very unpleasantly surprised by how vulnerable IE ahs been until this recent fix. Ouch! "Are any of you actually Black American? By which I mean a son or daughter of American Slavery" No, My great-grandfather emigrated to Canada from Barbados and my great-grandmother was from Jamaica. This means I am probably a great- great- great- grandson of British Slavery. The title of this post got my hopes WAY up: Code folding? Applying catamorphisms to code? Way cool topic!!! But no, it was about how one specific language and one specific editor have some hints that play well together to hide and show blocks of code. Which is interesting even if you don't use that editor and that language, because it looks like another form of abstracting away some details. So for the people who use these Miscrosoft-specific tools, how is the argument against code folding different from the argument against extracting code into its own method? It seems to me that if I take a bunch of code and put it in its own method or class, I can move it out of sight, hiding its ugliness and exposition from view. Is code folding substantially different? Absolutely. I love their statement that they will not negotiate with Yahoo's current board. I interpret that to mean that Steve Ballmer does not like to negotiate with people who say "no" to him. Microsoft/Ballmer's behaviour has been entirely consistent with their reputation as take-no-prisoners bullies. Bullying is all about destroying and humiliating people. It is all about intimidating a crowd of people by making an example of someone. I seriously doubt anyone, even Microsoft shareholders, are cheering Ballmer on. Actually, I revise this: I especially doubt Microsoft shareholders are cheering Ballmer on. The key here is to understand what "Destroying Yahoo" means. Does it mean pillaging Yahoo and taking its assets? No. Instead, destroying Yahoo means putting its people and customers on the open market. Who stands most to gain from Yahoo's people and customers being on the open market? Google, the market leader. ABove and beyond the deal Google has already done with Yahoo, Google has the most to gain from Yahoo' slide into irrelevance. When at the end of this process Microsoft acquires Yahoo for a pittance, Ballmer will congratulate himself for paying so much less than B$44. But this is like setting fire to a house you wish to buy and then allowing its neighbours to build on what's left of the property. Ballmer may take a victory lap, but I believe that Google will be the ones drinking champagne. While I agree with your 1-2-3 analysis, my thesis here is that given the choice between (a) negotiate with Yahoo now and (b) tamper with Yahoo's board and negotiate with them later, option (a) gives Microsoft the most. Yes, they will pay much less later when they have gotten rid of everyone who considers independence an options, but they will also have watched the talent and customers walk out the door. The price may be falling over time, but I conjecture the value is falling even faster. "Ensuring that people either take you seriously or suffer tremendously for not doing so is good business. They're ensuring that in the future, any potential acquirees will be very fearful of pissing off Microsoft, which is very good for them." Very true for future hostile take-overs, but I have a feeling that when Microsoft goes courting friendly take-overs--such as when they want to do an HR acquisition and actually want to get the company with management and R&D intact--they will get a lot of people trying to act like they were out flying their plane when Ballmer knocked on the door. JM2C There's a very specific fiduciary responsibility with public companies. There are widows with some of their retirement savings invested in tech stocks like YHOO, and the board must act in their interests. I suggest that with YC-scale businesses there's a very different dynamic. Imagine starting such a thing, building it to 100+ employees, and then selling out in such a way that 75+ of your folks are let go by the buying company that just wanted the technology and/or customers. When you go to start your next venture, the VCs will ask how the last one went, and when they hear about the payday for shareholders, they will shower you with money. Everyone likes a winner. But when you go to recruit talent, and they ask you how the last one went, what do you plan to tell them? I'm saying that people would rather work for someone who has experience building and selling a successful venture where the employees felt they also gained, vs. working for someone with experience building and selling a venture where the employees were laid off and received little for their trouble. Case in point: Some time ago up here in Toronto there was a venture founded by someone who had built a company with much talk of going public but one thing led to another and he sold it to a large US conglomerate. Due to the way the terms worked, most of the people with stock options ended up with a few hundred dollars. As you might expect, the operations were slowly wound down and everything moved to the buyer's head offices state side. People found other work. One tech manager put it this way: "I got big screen TV money out of the deal, but I wanted house money or at least car money." He told me this while explaining why he was avoiding calls from head hunters staffing up the founder's new company. The net-net of what I'm trying to say is that if you are running a smaller start-up, and you might want to do it again, consider making sure that the employees perceive they benefit from the deal and not just the major shareholders. You make the call. I notice that while they "criticize Apple ads," they don't actually, you know, dispute the content of those Apple ads. Typical "Apple is against freedom" linkbait from someone drenched in the Windows ecosystem. That being said... Lots of links on the web are to other applications. like links to flash, pdf, office documents, .dmg disk images to download, files to ftp, ... The iTunes Music/Movie/Application store is just an egregious example of this because it renders a lot of stuff that looks like it could be rendered in a browser, which is why they use a browser under the hood. But we could make the same argument about PDF, and the defenders would say that PDF can render things with a UI and a rendering model that surpasses HTML in fidelity, and that its users need that. And that's the reason iTMS isn't a web site. Apple wants an interaction model that is difficult to render with fidelity in browsers. We can make something almost as good in a browser, but almost as good isn't what Apple does. It's what Microsoft does, and that's why people for whom Windows is good enough don't understand why iTMS isn't a web site. I sympathize with you greatly, and you'll notice that on my own blog I promote Amazon books and music. But you and Jeff are saying very different things: You said iTMS is annoying because you have a use-case it does not support, whereas he said Apple is Anti-Web because they employ a technique--web links to a proprietary desktop application--that supports a different use case. I think I can agree with you while disagreeing with the way he frames his argument. > If Microsoft did this, there would be a swarm of complaints, and rightly so. help me understand: how do I buy music for a Zune? I went to Zune.net, and this is what I found: "For the full Zune Music experience, get the free Zune software. Browse over three million songs you can preview and download..." I don't understand. If iPod was "open and standardized" in 1991, how would Apple have built an iTunes Music Store that would have provided the same experience? Or are you arguing that instead, they should have built something using the "open and standardized" components of the day, precluding almost all of the functionality that made it successful? How is that different from Google reaching into PDF documents, Word documents, PowerPoint presentations, or Flash applications? In all of those cases, end users must use a proprietary application to actually view the content. I clicked on your link and when it opened in iTunes, I saw the same text that Google's spider previewed. Here is Google's cache: http://209.85.141.104/search?q=cache:GYFPOvjhhfoJ:itunes.com... As you can see, the spider saw the full text of the review. The preview in the search page might be some metadata Apple provided as a hint to Google or it may be that Google's spider is really good at extracting interesting sentences :-) They hate our "freedom to talk about hacking computers the business establishment." But you must admit, it looked great on a Hercules Graphics Adaptor. Have you used iTMS? It does a bunch of stuff not handled by any browser without proprietary plug-ins. So either (a) they have to cut functionality, (b) they have to give you one or more proprietary plug-ins to give you the same functionality in another browser, or (c) provide an application that is also a site-specific web browser, which is what they have done with iTunes. If it is a choice between (a), (b), and (c), which choice would you make if you were a product manager for Apple? Which choice would you make if you were an iPod owner? > Google is happy to be open with the contents of the entire Web, but not with any aspect of their own business (hiring practices, pictures of campus, PageRank formula, infrastructure, etc). IIRC, Joel Spolsky called this "commoditizing your complement." "Banning the web site and removing it from Google's indexes." You and I have a very different understanding of why Google does and does not ban web sites. They ban web sites for SEO black hattery. In this case, Apple presents information that people searching Google want to find. Why on Earth would it benefit Google to ban this practice? Are you equating the iTunes application to some sort of drive-by-download malware? If so, please make that point and not frame this as a violation of Google's quasi terms of service. Do you think that Google is unaware of what is happening, that Apple is fooling them? Send them an email and let them know how Apple is tricking their spiders. Side point about the title: When Mark Cuban has a good post, it doesn't need his name to push it along. And when he has a stinker, his name won't save him. I am really disturbed whenever I read about one human being saying he is completely incapable of empathizing with another human being's choice. Instead of trying to figure out why otherwise intelligent people like something you do not care for, why not just sit back and accept the idea that we all have different likes, dislikes, and preferences, and that we need not justify our particular differences to you before going about our merry way? While your examples are extreme, we are only talking about degrees of difference. For example, I empathize with people who send their country's youth off to a foreign land to fight and kill for oil even if I don't agree with their choice. Empathizing is not the same thing as agreeing with or countenancing. I warned everyone about going Mac, but would they listen? No.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7aShDkLWKs Oh I'm sorry, did I break your concentration? --Julisu, Pulp Fiction When I first read Eric's essay, I noticed the same thing. It seems words like "Hacker" are so emotionally charged that when you use them, people read their preconcevied biases--good or bad--into what you are saying without bothering to actually listen/read carefully. See also: Liberal, Conservative. What a bird-brain comment. Sadly, that bird may be the canary in the coal mine ;-) This post is old. So what? Well, old posts that have merit ought to be reposted. But old posts of little value? Why are we upmodding this? So that we can all agree that Eric is wrong about hackers in a self-congratulatory fit of back slapping and strutting? Either way, I agree that this is another sign that HN is changing character. I am not prepared to say it is changing in a bad way, or that the site has no value, or that there is going to be an exodus. But I agree that there is a change going on. What's that you say? You want to buy the crown jewel of our business? But not for cash? And the rest of our company gets turned over to a man with no experience running Internet businesses? We'll get right on that. http://weblog.raganwald.com/2008/07/my-analyst-warned-me-but... While I am bearish on SUN oops, JAVA, try to imagine what would have happened if Sun hadn't realeased Java for free. I suggest that the Internet boom would have created three families of tools fo rbuilding web applications: Scripting (Perl, PHP, &c.), C++, and Microsoft. Which one do you think most corporations would be using? I agree that giving shit away isn't a source of revenue, but it can be a good way to play defense. In Sun's case, Java seriously hampered Microsoft's vision of the Internet future. If there was no Java, I believe Sun wouldn't exist today, because Microsoft would have taken 100% of the market for corporations creating public-facing web applications. Sure, Sun's in rough shape. But at least they have a chance. Yes, exactly, for the specific reason that Jeff didn't just say extending languages was terrible, he took several paragraphs to talk about how we the people are unqualified to do so compared to his personal list of exalted greats who have invented the languages he admired. So I felt the repsonse mirrored the original post. Strangely, I find myself nodding in agreement with both of you. I simply must get back on my meds. Thinking... I don't know what Atwood really meant, it's just a blog post, but I do think there is a real distinction between "Hey you! Don't do that, it's dangerous!" and "You shouldn't be allowed to do that, you're not qualified." After all, I wrote this: http://weblog.raganwald.com/2008/04/is-strictly-equivalent-t... Which is definitely a kind of "Don't do such and such" article. But while I actually write code to make things I like easier, I have no interest in sitting down and writing code to make the things I don't like harder or impossible. > I don’t really understand why Jeff is writing these slime pieces on metaprogramming. ASP.Net must be like a drug inducing delusional thinking. Jeff’s logic is equivalent to reasoning that driving should be outlawed because cars are dangerous. However, just because a few people drive drunk doesn’t mean that no one should drive! > Oddly, I would get behind a law to make drunken monkeypatching a felony. take your pick: 1. iPod Touch/iPhone is like a Macintosh, only smaller; 2. iPod Touch/iPhone is like an iPod, only more sophisticated; 3. iPod Touch/iPhone has something in common with a Macintosh and an iPod, but it is its own device in its own category, it transcends its parents. If you go with #3, it deserves its own number. I had to leave a lot of ranting out, but if you're looking for more material, I actually consider iTunes to be the strongest candidate for another Jobs-led hit. It is dangerous in its own right, and the music industry seems to hate it almost as much as they hated the "rip. mix. burn." ads for iMacs. My suggestion (borrowed from the linked essay) is that figuring out how to put peasants to work killing knights is not dangerous, it's just a way to shuffle which nobles win the battle. The dangerous thing is when peasants can kill knights all by themselves, without anyone leading them or organizing them or training them. Rather than England vs. France, you are suddenly looking at Monarchy vs. Republic. Once again I see I could have expressed myself far more succinctly. Make something dangerous will be on my new tee shirts :-) I owned a TabletPC. I argue they did try it, and did a decent job of it. However, the big roadblock was the fact that they are at the mercy of their hardware vendors. Consider multi-touch. When Apple decided that multi-touch is the future, they simply started building it into their laptops. If Microsoft decides multi-touch is the future, they build an API and some of the vendors offer a few models with multi-touch and the market decides whether it wants to pay a premium for multi-touch or not. Meanwhile app vendors sit on the sidelines while everyone plays chicken and egg. This is why tablets went nowhere... the market refused to pay a premium for tablets, so the vendors only made a few, which kept prices high, which kept sales low, and so forth... I've been climbing for a good long time and diving for a few years. There honestly isn't much to tell, it has always felt like a terrible stretch to try to compare programming to one of my hobbies. Whenever I do it, I always ask myself, "how is this simile different from comparing programming to building a bridge?" And then I delete it all and start over. I don't have a great dangerous idea, but to use a more folksy analogy, I want to be a Jedi that builds his own lightsabre, but not a lightsabre technician. Please help yourself: http://www.blogstorm.co.uk/cut-and-paste-one-line-of-code-to... > ``Methodology'' Is a Stupid Word > When you say that Extreme Programming or Waterfall are methodologies, you're wrong. They are software development processes. Possibly, you could call them methods. > Methodology is the study of methods . Thanks, although--to be very frank--I'd rather be the kid that introduced you to skateboarding or your weird cousing that listens to a lot of Jazz music :-) That's what happens to people who prefer prestidigitation to honest thaumaturgy. I absolutely meant the score as a tongue-in-cheek thing, which is why I tried to keep my response to you in the same spirit. I had no intention to offend! Outside of having a laugh--supposedly at Steve's expense--I wouldn't try to compare the two men in any serious way. "I object to doing things that computers can do." --Olin Shivers "I start getting the shakes real bad around 10am, right before my advisor meetings. A 10 oz. Jack 'n Zac helps me get through the meetings without one of my students winding up with his severed head in a bowling-ball bag. They look at me funny; they think I twitch a lot. I'm not twitching. I'm controlling my impulse to snag my 9mm Sig-Sauer out from my day-pack and make a few strong points about the quality of undergraduate education in Amerika." --Olin Shivers, from the scsh manual "acknowledgements" At RubyFringe, Giles Bowkett conjectured "Maybe a programmer is a how , not a what ." Although I'd read this before, it shook me. Things in a language's implementation are hows, while things in its design are whats. They'll get more DRM-free tracks when and if the RIAA gives up on trying to crush them: http://weblog.raganwald.com/2008/05/why-apple-is-more-expens... "Product managers define what they think the customer wants (scope creep). Project managers get something that is good enough out of the door (scope suppression)" Brilliant, speaking as someone who has worn both hats at different times, that is the dichotomy in a nutshell. I use "unless" in ordinary speech. Unless I'm talking with someone who dislikes the word. Right. Unless he means: display_error if invalid_input Then you probably won't be happy with languages like Perl and Ruby, DSLs, or the "There is more than one way to do it" line of thinking some people have. It's a big world out here, there's room for Spock and for Kirk. Saying someone is mistaken because they used "if not" instead of "unless" doesn't align with my understanding either, as I tried to point out by listing yet another way to write the same thing. OTOH, you made a much more interesting statement than simply saying you didn't like "unless," you took things into a discussion about programming languages resembling vs. not resembling English. Ruby has a bunch of lispy things that have nothing to do with English, but it also has a bunch of Perl-inspired things that have a lot to do with expressing logical ideas in English-y "prose." If you can reconcile those two things, then yeah, you'll like all of Ruby. If not, you'll probably find a subset that pleases you. So sure, I can see that you might like the Ruby you use. "The criterion for what makes good code is different than what is good English." In total, yes, but that does not mean that there are no things that work in English that also happen to work in code. Furthermore, it is difficult to generalize about this: some programming languages are entirely unlike English and work very well, others attempt to be like English and are terrible, while others attempt to be like English in some ways and work. And further to that, some parts of some programs attempt to be like English and work well, while other parts of programs work well when nothing like English. Now while I understand bang, andand, and oror, they are a terrible legacy of our C++ days. Bang is especially unforgiveable. If we must have a prefix operator, what is wrong with ~, the actual standard symbol for negation? ;-) p.s. This thread may seem to be a digression, but it seems quite pertinent to an article that talks about writing code for readability. "I wonder if the reason behind them over words is so you don't have to put spaces around them." Hunh, that hadn't occurred to me! That's a really interesting conjecture, touching on design trade-offs in neat ways. Thanks! Sadly, cutting out my blogorrhoea has no statistically significant effect on my logorrhoea. Attention hackers: the idea of combining athletics and chess had Alan Turing's endorsement: he invented "run around the house chess," a speed chess game with a twist: after making your move, you dash out of the house, run completely around it, and your opponent has until you return to your seat to decide which move to make. http://209.85.141.104/search?q=cache:HCBY1qLAY7kJ:www.chessc... If that is not the right way to launch, what does the author think is the right way to launch something that competes with Google? I suggest there is no such thing, that absolutely everything and anything you try will provoke someone's criticism. It's not like the author was comparing Cuil to Powerset, for example, and illustrating how Cuil failed where Powerset succeeded. Sure, the service seems to have a ways to go. Fine, and there's nothing wrong with saying so. But the title is the worst kind of armchair quarterbacking, all criticism with absolutely zero objectivity. I'd say the author has shown us how NOT to write a review: failing to compare Cuil to other startups competing with Google and failing to suggest what they ought to have done instead. Perhaps (s)he likes to self-identify as politically correct? There can be many, many explanations for the handles people choose. Be careful that you don't find yourself trying to make sense of a Rorschach Inkblot... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rorschach_inkblot_test I obviously don't speak for Chris, but I took it to mean that instead of: ira_account.register_with_irs(customer.get_ssn()) He suggests: ira_account.register_with_irs(customer) Which I think is a roundabout way of getting at looser coupling and working at a higher level of abstraction. (update: obviously, I cast this in OO rather than functional terms. I suspect the point is isomorphic to FP). No they weren't, but I suggest that the number of people who got a net win out of developing their own frameworks is statistically insignificant. We can both reel of lists of great frameworks, but that's survivor bias at work, because we remember the winners. For every Rails, there are hundreds or even thousands of terrible in-house frameworks all competing to be the subject of a DailyWTF post. Of course, this leads to an age-old debating point, namely if you can find a few exceptions to a rule, should you toss the rule out? Add a lot of fine print disclaimers? Or keep the rule and trust that anyone who knowingly violates it has a good reason in mind? "he prefers developers who are capable of doing analysis work to those who aren't" Thanks, far better way to put it than the OP. And Alan Perlis agrees: Programmers are not to be measured by their ingenuity and their logic but by the completeness of their case analysis. http://www-pu.informatik.uni-tuebingen.de/users/klaeren/epig... I agree, there's obviously a trade-off involved. I think the real issue is trying to identify RW-B's "Roles, responsibilities and Collaborations" in a design. There's (a) a piece of knowledge that a customer is involved, (b) a piece of knowledge that an SSN is involved, and (c) a piece of knowledge that an SSN can be extracted from a customer. I suspect the issue here is making good decisions about which entities/modules/functions/objects/thingummies should know a, which should know b, and which should know c. Good question. That being said, I'm a long time Demeter Scofflaw... I'm saying that trying to surmise what someone is thinking from their choice of a two-character handle is like interpreting a Rorschach, which is not the same thing as saying that the characters themselves are randomly generated. Oh look, a company with what I consider to be crappy management. Do I (a) sell short or (b) ignore them to invest in companies with good management? How about (c) I buy their stock with my friend Carl and mess with them? Now messing with them isn't working out to my financial advantage. Time to cut my losses. Who do I blame for my troubles? How about management? Am I a long-time stockholder disappointed with recent events? No, I am an opportunist who bought shares with both eyes wide open and a good idea of who management was and what they wanted to do all along. Reading the OP has turned me into a typical Internet Troll, I am compelled to call T. Boone Pickens a bad name: cry-baby . And therein lies the trade-off. It may be that one day you need an address as well as an SSN to register an IRA. If you chose door A, you update the calling code to either pass both properties or pass a customer object. If you chose door B, you update the callee code to extract the address as well as the SSN. In one case we're arguing that the registration code shouldn't have to know how to work with a customer. In the other case we're arguing that code initiating a registration shouldn't have to know what the IRS wants from a customer. Seems like there's room for reasonable people to empty a bottle of single malt while debating the alternates. It suffers from resembling a bikeshed ;-) > I think it's fair to say that most professional programmers in developed countries (a) make plenty of use of existing libraries, (b) may not have 'deep programming skills', and (c) probably don't have a formal education in Computer Science. It also seems unlikely that the majority of developers in India or wherever have these either. You make it sound like that's a good thing ;-) Let's do this: you vote for the posts you like, I'll vote for the articles I like, and we'll let the YC News ranking engine push the posts neither of us like off the front page. There's aboslutely no need to tell people not to post stuff, unless you think that posts like Atwood's will get votes. Don't forget you also have a meta-vote: you choose which sites to patronize. When and if the posts on the front page no longer match your interests, it's time to walk away and let the tragedy of the commons play out the third act. I agree that it is very annoying not to be able to hide comments. I hope there is some incredibly important reason for this. Maybe it is explicitly to foster the kind of comment you made, to goad people into taking action when the quality of articles drops rather than tolerating dreck and linkbait by ignoring it? I cannot forecast to you the role of MS-DOS in Windows 95. It is a hack wrapped in a kludge inside a compatibility box. Let's put it this way: I got heartily sick of the Twitter doesn't scale posts, and some of them contained morsels of technical substance within the speculation. Any asshole can write a blog post saying "Lookit! _____ sucks!!" It's just as tiresome for Cuil as it is for Vista. Rare is the person who offers some insight into what could or should be done to compete with Google. Even rarer are the people who are busy hacking together their own ideas for how to do it right. That's the very best way to say something else is wrong: demonstrate how you think it ought to be done. Roger Ebert has an excellent book called "Your Movie Sucks," it contains nothing but zero, one-half, and one star reviews. It's an excellent book because it shows the challenge of writing something more informative and/or entertaining than "Your Movie Sucks." And of course, Roger has to write those reviews, because it's his job to review movies as they're released. Bloggers are under no such pressure, they can write what they choose, when they choose. Therefore, I hold bloggers to an even higher standard of writing "Lookit! _____ sucks!!" Since bloggers have the option of saying nothing, they shouldn't say anything unless it is worthy of being read. I'm kinda notorious for stating that I don't ask questions like this in interviews. My basic feeling is that asking for any working function that computes the average of 100 numbers will eliminate 1990 out of 2000 blind submissions, and you need something (be that an interview question or a conversation or whatever) a lot deeper to differentiate the remaining ten competent people from each other. But that doesn't mean that you won't run into someone out there asking a question like this. Bravo! Let this be a lesson to all those who believe a CS degree should amount to nothing more than "Learn Blub in 21 Days Vocational Training" :-) 640K of RAM and a Blub compiler ought to be good enough for everybody. And furthermore, Non-Compete is Un-American. An accident. I saw it on proggit, and the first thing I did was check the front page to see if it was already here so I could read the comments and maybe add my 2c. I assumed it would already have been posted, I just failed to assume it would have been posted 171 days ago! As for the one page thing, isn't that the "standard?" If not, please post the printable versions or one page versions of stories like this. Why page through an article just to cause exaggerated page views and ad impressions for someone with an old-school magazine business model??? "I don't think of any good faith contract as being un-American." It was kind of a joke. My American friends often tell me that the country's strength is its unfettered capitalism, so I was trying to point out that things that suppress competition are un-American. "Could it be that he's trying to imply that language innovation has been a chimera for fifty years and we should all have been satisfied with COBOL?" What's interesting about that sentence is what happens if you replace COBOL with L---, aw shucks, let's not go there... RubyFringe didn't feel like a conference about hacking, but it definitely felt like the organizers were hacking the conference format. Ok, it's a wee bit off-topic. But it's a letter about passion for one's work and attention to detail . This is the kind of thing that makes Apple's products so gorgeous--there are programmers and graphic designers and hardware engineers screaming profanity when one damn pixel of their work is altered by someone who has no idea how important a single letter "a" might be. I hope you appreciate the difference between the abrasive, obsessive perfectionist with a drive to create something great and the competent employee who gets along well with everyone and always put the needs of the many above the desires of the one. Both are needed for great companies. Only one is needed for great software. See also: Linus Torvalds' emails ;-) p.s. As I read the OP, this was about a situation where editing the original actually changed the desired behaviour. So the example I would have chosen would be that a code reviewer, instead of firing back a question about the one-liner, changes it without any discussion. And breaks the application. Whereas you seem to be discussing a hypothetical case where changing something from one to six lines has no effect on the resulting functionality. It may be possible to create great software without being abrasive. It is certainly the case that you can be abrasive without creating great software. I'm not so sure that you can dispense with an obsession for your vision of "perfection." Now right away we see the OP's point. If I rewrote your sentence, the implications of using the words "firm" and "prick" in close proximity would be lost ;-) It's not that the Internet is broken," he said. "It's that browser security is broken. 'Browser security' is really an oxymoron." [Ballmer's] mockery of Google’s search as “a white page with 10 blue links” indicates that he has no idea why Google has been so successful. I’d wager that if anyone is ever going to gain on Google in search, it will be by presenting even more focused results — less clutter, fewer distractions, more emphasis on making the results easily scanned. Hmmm, reminds me of something Paul was saying the other day about ideas he'd like to fund... ...or as an old-school Mac developer once put it to me: Get in your time machine and go back to 1982. Now take a survey: How many people ask for bit-mapped graphics and a mouse? Meanwhile, the productivity of 20 million people worldwide just spiked upward. ...Until it hit HN, where it seems to have displaced the stuff that actually makes HN a better place than those other link aggregators. Now our productivity has taken a nose dive... Help me understand: How would this improve the content of the post? The other dead giveaway is when you are working at an unusual hour. You hear a phone ring down the hall, no answer. Then a phone closer to you. Then one right next door, then your phone rings. The whole sequence is like something out of a cheap horror flick. You eye it with disgust, but pick it up, and sure enough it's a recruiter sequentially dialling through the extensions. And they have the nerve to pretend they are calling just for you! The reason there aren't more science submissions is probably just that there isn't very much good science writing on the web. Most of the science articles being written today are basically just poorly summarized press releases covering cleantech, medicine, space, and the physical sciences. Help me understand: Are you suggesting that there is a lot more good programming writing than good science writing? Or a lot more good valley gossip writing than good science writing? Sturgeon's revelation suggests that there is a lot of crap writing about everything, but the question here is why HN seems to now prefer crap on other subjects to anything about science, good or bad. Back story: I was working as the Director of Development with a startup that had become a "work out" (in other words, the founders were ousted and it was being subjected to ruthless business restructuring). The board hired a VP of Marketing who deftly corralled product management into his fiefdom. We had a big meeting to talk about the new process for product management working with development, and the very first thing he did was play this sound clip. As he put it, he could be more tactful, but the reality of business was that marketing was going to have a lot of unreasonable demands, and the measure of our success would be how we managed the unreasonableness. I don't necessarily agree 100% that it is the role of product management and marketing to try to feature creep and bloat the product and schedule unreasonably, but my observation is that marketing and product management and clients and "business" in general always sound unreasonable :-) Perhaps someone could help me understand how this is of interest to hackers? If you think something is offtopic, flag it If I knew what was and wasn't off-topic, I would. in this case there was something that smelled faintly of hacking the justice system, so I didn't immediately jump to the conclusion that this was inappropriate. But OTOH, it did seem irrelevant to hacking computers and starting businesses. That's why I asked the question instead of simply ignoring it. HN is an evolving site, and many things that would have seem very out of place six months ago are on the front page today. I'm not interested in retarding progress, I'm just trying to understand where we are going so I can play well with others. Sometimes destroying the value of the company they acquire is the entire point of the exercise: http://daringfireball.net/2005/04/adobe_translation In Javaland most of the interesting and important developments happens outside the core, but the process breaks when they become de facto standards and start threatening the core. The core is not the community, but a company, and the prize for being widely useful and popular is elimination. An extremely thorough review of the lies, damned lies, and statistics behind Vista. Note the analysis of Microsoft's comparison between Vista and OS X vulnerabilities: when counting OS X vulnerabilities, MSFT's shills include applications and third party libraries such as Safari and Java vulnerabilities. Meanwhile they excluded the same categories of vulnerabilities for Vista, ignoring IE and Java on their own platform. If I may agree with your sentiment, while disagreeing with your conclusion: the original post on Sarah Lacy's blog is atrocious, I can't see why MA bothered to respond It seems like publishing link bait never fails to garner an undue amount of attention. The "print this page" link: http://weblog.infoworld.com/archives/emailPrint.jsp?R=printT... Methinks I smell a useful GreaseMonkey plug-in to style narcissistic links differently from outbound links... "Answer: We'll add a phone to our MP3 player." The beauty of Apple's approach is that rather than allowing phones to make playing music a secondary feature of phones, they have found a way to make voice calls a feature of portable tablet computers. And while they were at it, they made playing music a secondary feature of portable tablet computers as well. Is Mac vs. PC becoming irrelevant because of the maturing of the internet as a platform and cloud computing? What I find very interesting about this is the possibility that it cuts both ways for Apple. If the two are interchangeable, you can buy based on price and features, which can be an advantage for Windows, since there are many manufacturers who can offer a larger variety of form factors and feature combinations. But the flip side of that proposition is that if there is no Windows lock-in forcing consumers to buy Windows, so they can also choose Apple based on good design, Apple branding, the iPod halo effect, and perceived security. Personally, I think that there is a big difference between saying that there are no factors forcing consumers to purchase one or the others and saying that the differences between them don't matter any more. No, it is from 2006. But it seems worth another look given the comments form the Netflix CEO--both CEOs seem oblivious to what their customers want, and instead are bulling ahead with their industry's vision of what they will stuff down the market's throat. An astronomer, a physicist and a mathematician are on a train in Scotland. The astronomer looks out of the window, sees a black sheep standing in a field, and remarks, "How odd. Scottish sheep are black." "No, no, no!" says the physicist. "Only some Scottish sheep are black." The mathematician rolls his eyes at his companions' muddled thinking and says, "In Scotland, there is at least one field, containing at least one sheep, at least one side of which appears black from here." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathematical_joke I see someone downmodded you, but I upmodded you, even though I think the post is worth reading. There are two things that may matter to hackers. First, the objective truth about the mechanics of building and distributing iPhone applications. AS you point out, once the first couple of posts are out, pretty-much all of the ground has been covered and there isn't much news in posts 3..10. The other thing that matters is judging how much momentum the platform has. Who is developing for it? Why? Who isn't? Why not?? It's very loosey-goosey, but people do care baout whether there are two or ten posts about this if only to try to gauge whether everyone else is developing iPhone apps, which helps gauge whether the platform will be a success. Even if the business side of developing for the platform is restrictive, if there are enough apps to make the platform the de facto standard, many developers will hold their noses and jump in. Such posts can help with this second decision, even though each one offers little new objective data. Quite possibly the best idea ever: If someone tells you you have the worst idea ever, don't give up . You may need to stubbornly prove them wrong, or you may need to listen to them and make some changes. But don't pack it all in and get a job working for the man. slep.fm is better than all of the ideas still on the drawing board ;-) I've been told that Hacker News is "Anything of interest to hackers." This is on the front page, therefore it must a posteriori be of interest to hackers, musn't it? you're probably just being sarcastic Why? If you consider yourself part of the HN community, and you find it interesting, then by definition it belongs here. Isn't that the case? FWIW, I disqualify myself from judging whether things belong on HN or not. Many of the articles I used to think were not HN have been proven by popularity to belong here, leading me to the conclusion that I am not a hacker since I do not find them interesting when I am reading "Hacker News." p.s. Now I will be sarcastic: ESR has stated that "Hackers do not place double quotation marks outside of punctuation." Slightly edited: Next year's El Bulli menu will be in every respect different from this year's. ' If not ,' says Adrià, as he shows me around, ' why bother? ' Let’s face it, people with access to special power or information are always threatened by a future where their pet special thing is now common and mundane. You know, there's a lot of room in the world for people who make sensible business decisions, who don't get caught up in hype, who don't consider their work to be art or poetry or music. But I hope there will always be room for people who think what they're doing is great and who have an incurable enthusiasm and optimism for it. If that isn't level-headed, I say fantastic . How very dull and drab our world would be if nobody ever fell in love with technology. I was going to say the same thing, but I tried--to use a George-ism--doing the opposite. If Apple announced they were retiring "I'm a Mac, I'm a PC" in favour of something new with Jerry Seinfeld, would I be excited? No, but I wouldn't declare they were desperate. So... MSFT are desperate, but although this feels like a desperation move to me as well, I don't know if it's entirely fair to say that hiring Jerry Seinfeld is an act of desperation in and of itself. On the other hand: If there's one surefire way to convince everyone Vista is cool, cutting edge and not liable to get frazzled by life's minor complications, it's hiring a 1990s sitcom star and professional kvetcher! Who, um, very visibly owned a series of Macs on his show. http://gawker.com/5039828/mac+loving-seinfeld-endorsing-micr... This reminded me of something that happens with tired regularity in advertising: Company executives hire the spokespersons that they identify with, instead of the spokespersons their customers identify with, because it gives them a thrill to brag that so-and-so endorses their product. Another distinct possibility is that Microsoft knows exactly what they are doing, which is appealing to an older segment of the market, perhaps the IT managers that dictate corporate standards. We may laugh, but they may be acting reasonably. An entertaining trip down memory lane. I can't go along with your simile on this one. You sound just as emotionally invested in this issue, but from a very negative, dark perspective. I hope you find happiness elsewhere. They're both impressive, modern languages. What I find interesting when comparing Python to Ruby is how much Python isn't like Lisp. Matz has said outright that he considers Ruby to be "MatzLisp" and it shows, whereas Guido has absolutely no problem chucking Lispy things overboard--like multi-line anonymous functions--if they do not fit the rest of the language. Instead, Python finds another way, like powerful list comprehensions that can be used wherever Ruby would use blocks and maps. So I would say you can learn some very interesting things from either language, and there's a good chance they will be different interesting things. Reminds me of high-end Backgammon strategy theory. One or the other of two players in match play benefits from volatility, and part of the struggle will always be that player attempting to mix things up while the other player attempts to settle things down. Microsoft probably benefits from low volatility in the market, while Apple and Linux benefit from high volatility. I dig: http://weblog.raganwald.com/2008/06/what-does-do-when-used-a... A little off-topic, and I apologise to everyone for our exercise in bikeshedding, but... :-) The problem is that Ruby blocks were designed to imitate the behaviour of C-like blocks, while lambdas are true closures. (Don't get me started on why procs are just like lambdas only different). The difference between a block and a lambda is most clearly seen by asking what the return keyword does in a block vs. what it does in a lambda. So in Ruby you can write something like: def which_answer_is_correct(*answers) answers.each_with_index do |answer, index| return index + 1 if answer.to_s == '42' end return 'none of the above' end which_answer_is_correct('black','white',42,:symbolic_logic) => 3 If blocks were syntactic sugar for lambdas, this method would always return 'none of the above'. Of course, there is another, very elegant way to write this method that doesn't rely on the return keyword or the semantics of blocks, and one can easily argue that this would be an improvement. Get help immediately . Your life is too short and precious to be wasted on something unfulfilling. I don't know who you've met in this field, but my experience suggest that if you find them boring and predictable it is because you find the field boring. I don't mean this as criticism, but when discussing programming you probably find yourself boring as well. If you aren't passionate about it... what is there that could hold your interest? Please get some help finding something meaningful or finding meaning in what you are doing. What are you doing with Python that can't be done with FORTRAN? "Give me a week or two and i'm writing code at an advanced level in any language." Whereas the Peter Norvigs of the world need ten years. Sigh. derail the conversation De- rails -ing conversations about Ruby is often an improvement. The paradox of the Windows PC market has been that Microsoft’s broadly licensed software supposedly saves hardware makers from investing in software development while ensuring compatibility, when in reality it adds significant costs to PC makers while limiting their ability to differentiate themselves. That explains why PC makers have been perpetually merging together and going out of business while Microosft has rolled in money over the last two decades. I digg ;-) Mod me down, the only thing worse than these posts are meta-comments. It's just noise on top of noise. My only excuse--and it's flimsy--is that I was trying to give you a laugh. Reminds me of a story: There was once a monk who would carry a mirror where ever he went. A priest noticed this one day and thought to himself “This monk must be so preoccupied with the way he looks that he has to carry that mirror all the time. He should not worry about the way he looks on the outside, it’s what’s inside that counts.” So the priest went up to the monk and asked “Why do you always carry that mirror?” thinking for sure this would prove his guilt. The monk pulled the mirror from his bag and pointed it at the priest. Then he said “I use it in times of trouble. I look into it and it shows me the source of my problems as well as the solution to my problems.” Where was I again? Oh yes, I do know someone just like the OP describes. I see his face whenever I look at this shiny piece of glass I carry. Agreed. The article fails to normalize working trucks vs. passenger vehicles as you note. One way to correct for this would be to compare four year-old fuel-inefficient cars to the Prius. Another aspect ignored by the article is the Domestic vs. Import issue. No matter what Jay Leno says, there is a perception that domestic vehicles fall apart more quickly than imports. You could correct for this by comparing imported fuel-inefficient trucks to the Prius. All in all, I found that the article pandered to my pre-existing prejudices. When I stepped back and thought about it, the article said nothing more than Green tastes better than Heavy. Obligatory !HN comment: Despite having nothing to do with hacking or startups, this could be intellectually provocative, but it just isn't. A far more HN-appropriate post about vehicles is Gladwell's post about automobile safety: http://www.gladwell.com/2004/2004_01_12_a_suv.html Still lots of debate in the HN comments about Gladwell's methodology, but the underlying proposition is a lot more interesting to contemplate. I do have such a choice: I own a small, fuel-efficient car and I rented a pickup the last time I needed to move anything like that. I mean, duh, if you are a landscape contractor or a home renovator or you operate a farm, buy a truck. I don't think anyone is arguing with that. But recognize that you are now the exception to the rule. Do you really think that half or more of the F-150s on the road are "working trucks"? Damn Apple! They took away my freedom to write mobile Java apps for the iPhone. Now I have to use their SDK to make apps that look like iPhone apps instead of having the same uniform crappy appearance and behaviour on every platform. True, that would eliminate any reason for someone to own an iPhone, which would eventually commoditize iPhones and bankrupt Apple, but come on, my freedom is at stake! Also, background processing is important to me. If I want to write an app that drains the battery down, who are Apple to say no to me? Why can't I write my app and let the market decide if they want battery-draining apps? If they mistakenly think that the iPhone battery is to blame instead of my software, that's not MY problem. Apple should "let the market decide" instead of dictating the user experience to customers and developers. Marty, my point is not that you want to write BREW apps, it is that many people want to do many things that Apple does not want them to do because they are not in Apple's best interests. So please pick your argument from column A or B: A: What you want to do is in your best interests but not Apple's, but you want them to let you do it any ways, or; B: What you want to do is not really a negative for Apple, but they misunderstand the situation and need to be enlightened. If you think Mr. Jobs misunderstands that your app will have very little impact on an iPhone, by all means take the position that he misunderstands. I wager that he understands that you can write a background app that doesn't drain the battery, because the iPhone ships with several of them built in. However, that doesn't mean that somebody, somewhere won't write a crappy app that will drain the battery, and right now Apple doesn't want to allow that. And wrt you rpoint about System Integration. Speaking of Strawmen, I doubt Apple claims that they know better than you or I what we want, it's just that they know better than you or I what they want for their platform. It's the same as Hacker News. HN is the platform, the articles we submit are the applications. Paul and Co. know what they want for their site, and they enforce it. I might think that articles about SUVs and Prius' are not what I want, but that's too bad. I submit the articles I want to see, and if the ones I submit don't match what Paul wants to see on HN, his bots kill them. We can argue what we want Paul to do, and we can talk about what we would do if we ran HN, but we don't run HN, we just play by the HN rules. So back to an iPhone. Apple makes the rules that it perceives are in its best interests, not what you or I pereceive to be in our best interests. There is no claim that they know better than you or I what we want. There is a claim that they know better than you or I what product they want to make and what custoemrs they are trying to serve. If you like to submit posts from englishrussia.com, you don't come to HN. If you want to write applications that do background processing, you don't write for the iPhone platform. Simple. Fine, construct some hypothetical edge case "There *could exist..." and then try to apply some reduction ad absurdum to conclude that Matt's advice is wrong. Only, Matt's advice is correct. You should not ask for legal advice on HN, even if it is possible that in one of the many parallel universes there exists an entity you trust more than a lawyer. You know the expression "security theatre"? My cynical experience is that the part of the legal system that concerns evidence, probability, relevance, reasonableness, precedent, presumption, proof, explanation, plausability, etc is reason theatre . Although the decision may not always go to the side with the deepest pockets and the most theatrically convincing lawyers, that's the way to bet. I agree that you are not putting yourself in harm's way by discussing legal matters with non-lawyers, even HN non-lawyers. I have often discussed legal matters with experienced businesspeople and investors. Of course, when the conversation turns to "Ok, what is the next action step?" the consensus is nearly always "Talk to a lawyer" :-) Exactly. One should always differentiate "legal advice" from "advice about a legal matter." True, and worth noting. Also of interest: Ruby 1.9 includes a different implementation of the K Combinator, Object#tap. It's a method rather than a pseudo-function, so instead of: returning (Fubar.new) do |f| ... end Your write: Fubar.new.tap do |f| ... end Shameless plug-whoring: The andand gem includes an enhanced Object#tap: http://andand.rubyforge.org Here's a use for the K Combinator that isn't Your Father's Imperative Programming. I sometimes want an arbitrary, one-off object when testing or prototyping things, perhaps in irb: foo = returning(Object.new) do |f| def f.bar ... end def f.bash ... end end I agree that it is a bug to use Symbol#to_proc or Object#returning in merb, however I suggest that neither of these things are "clever." Instead, I note that neither of these things are part of the standard library today. Which means, you must open the Object or Symbol classes to implement them. Nothing wrong with that in your code, but when you do so in a framework like merb (or Rails!), everyone using your framework gets your little patches in their namespace as well. My feeling is that with the way Ruby's global class namespace works today, opening a core class has much more serious consequences when you are writing a framework, gem, or plug-in then when you are writing code that does not have "downstream clients." See how our experiences differ? Just the other day I was fixing a bug caused by someone writing: def squidget(options = {}) squid = { :foo => :bar, ... }.merge(options) ... squid[:bash] = :blitz end The method was returning :blitz instead of the hash that the method was constructing. I changed it to a returning statement and to my eye it looks much more clear what is going on. Of course, you could add a "return squid" at the end, or just plain "squid," but somehow that seems less clear, since when you start manufacturing the squid, it isn't obvious what you are doing until you reach the end of the method. Witha returning statement, you know right away. All in all, I feel good about all constructions in Ruby that use blocks to wrap around the stuff they are doing, like Foo.transaction do ... end But you're younger than I am, so your brain is probably sharper. Maybe you find it easier to just work directly with imperitive-style code. Many people I know prefer it that way. I know I like to simulate Scheme as much as possible, and use expressions instead of assigning local variables as much as possible. It could be laziness on my part. "`returning` violates "Do the Simplest Thing That Could Possibly Work" flat out without giving you anything in return." We agree on the maxim while disagreeing with how to apply it. For me, "returning" is simpler because it seems to involve fewer moving parts: you don't have to remember to write 'squid' at the end and you get a local variable that is scoped only to the block where it is needed. To you, it is a gross and needlessly complicated way to write begin; squid = ...; squid; end. I can see how you would feel that way without feeling that way myself. I'm curious about the aversion to Symbol#to_proc. If you see [...].map(&:name) and think of it as an abbreviation for { |element| element.name }, there isn't much to like. But coming from Smalltalk, does your brain ever click over and make you think of [...].map(&:name) as meaning "map the message :name over this array"? I ask because when I think of languages like Smalltalk and Ruby, I go along with Alan kay and thenk of them as being message-oriented rather than object-oriented. Symbol#to_proc seems to fit that somehow in my brain. I dunno how to explain it any other way, it really feels less like an abbreviation to save some characters and more like getting closer to what I am trying to say... It really depends. If the definitions of foo.bar and foo.bash make sense independantly of the assignment to foo, I prefer the second form as well. If in my brain the whole thing is "atomic", I prefer the returning form or to make a helper method so that they are composed into a logical chunk. For the same reason, I write: foo = bar bash = blitz When teh two statements are independant, and: foo, bar = bash, blitz When they are deeply related and should not be broken up. Sometimes that is hard to read and I will get gratuitous: begin foo = bar bash = blitz end What can I say... that uses more characters than needed. It isn't always about saving electrons for me. Matt, thanks for the great post. What's our legal liability if we maim or kill the fly? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMmQ8jHquB0 Ones and zeroes? What a luxury! Back in MY day we used percussive maintenance. Since computers were either analog systems with rods and wires or new-fangled vacuum tube jobbies, you could debug them with a sharp knock on the right part of the hardware. That would shake the carbonization right off the contacts and you'd be back in business. The other day I went diving, and the dive mater was showing off his new dive computer. Instead of buttons (which are prone to leaking and hard to press with bulky gloves on), it had an inertial UI: you tapped the sides to control its functions. Made my day to see us rediscovering the virtues of banging on stuff to make it work. It's not obvious to me that if everyone has a downmod button the library will be better. Somebody is upmodding books you don't like. How do you know they aren't downmodding the books you like? I suggest that if the library has a few titles you don't like, going without a downmod button is a good thing, just ignore them and move along. But if the library is overrun with bad titles, giving everyone a downmod button won't solve the problem, because the problem is caused by the librarians. That's probably the "real" reason we don't have downmods. Thanks for the insight, that hadn't occurred to me. Well, the two motivations are orthogonal and neither is really right or wrong. So I can appreciate your point of view. I stopped using reddit after several such incidents with my raganwald account. After disagreeing with certain users there, suddenly all of my comments and posts would get downmodded in my history. At first this would cause a karma hit, so I tried a workaround: after my submissions peaked, I would delete them and this would present a smaller surface area for revenge attacks. This turned out to be a bad idea because it deprived reddit of the history. So I switched to a new tactic: I simply stopped participating in the forums and started submitting things under a nom de plume. I think that they have changed things so that revenge downmods do not affect karma, but it doesn't matter to me. I stopped one day and asked myself why I was bothering to worry about my reddit karma? Then I asked why I was bothering with reddit? Then I closed up the nom de plume and HN is the only such site I visit. And let me tell you, I am a far, far happier man for it :-) You're arguing the value of downmods from the perspective of improving the site's quality, which is not what I argued. I am simply expressing approval with respect to my personal happiness. As to convincing myself, I am now convinced :-) Upmodded for candour, not because I think you were wrong. In fact, I think you simulated most corporate environments: peopel are silent when they agree but argue when they disagree :-) [Edit] P.S.: You miss your blog, don't you? :-) No. Exchanging ideas like this is not the same thing as blogging, no matter how much Web 2.0 people call the Internet a "conversation." See my comment above, chatting with people that have similar interests is not blogging. And had I put this in my blog, it would have been off-topic. I probably would have written it up as a draft, left it for a few hours, then deleted it as not being a net positive for what I was trying to accomplish. I consider a blog as achieving the same goal of information transmission. From that perspective, your posting could be considered a blog post that has eliminated one click in route, but I can appreciate people having different perspectives of things, blogging being one among them. Well, I have never stopped "transmitting information," there is just a change in my strategy. I suggest that for every user of HN, there is at least one post that makes it to #1 that the user feels should not be part of HN. I know it is true for me, there are lots of popular posts that suprise me. That being said, I have no problem whatsoever with adding your suggested rule to the HN rules. It would be much easier to understand than the curent "piques your intellectual curiosity and is not limited to hacking and startups." There seem to be a few different ways to use XOR on sequences of integers (or for exchanging the contents of two registers), and they're worth learning if you ever need to go on a job interview with someone who uses "Aha!" style technical questions. Beyond that, however, I'm left scratching my head. Just the other day zenspider and I were debating whether the k combinator is a useful tool for programming or whether it is "clever" code. Am I wrong in thinking that using XOR for finding an integer that only appears once is rather clever? My experience: Yes , a series of failed startups counts against you with many companies. Then again, if any of those had succeeded you wouldn't be applying there, and if you applied there on a lark they would have counted the successful startup against you. My conclusion: Certain types of companies do not care to hire the kind of risk-taking individuals who chose to work for startups instead of putting in their five-to-ten at a more stable company. I think somewhere in the "drafts" of blog posts that never made the light of day is one about "programming by isomorphisms." One of the greatest intellectual feats we have is to look at a problem and realize that it is isomorphic to some other solved problem. A lot of "Aha" programming challenges either test for the ability to recognize these isomorphisms (or more likely, they are culturally biased towards people with a lot of social exposure to older programmers). I suspect this kind of thing might be a test for a specific kind of intelligence. I do believe--in general--that all other things being equal, the smarter programmer is the best hire. But gosh, I admit to fearing this kind of actual code in production. It looks like exactly the kind of thing that breaks--possibly in subtle ways--when one of the underlying assumptions turns out to be false or is changed. Of course, changing assumptions are never part of the tests, so it might be "fair dinkum." So the follow-up question probably ought to be, "when would you actually use this device?" Beating Microsoft for their lack of taste is tiresome. But this little case study is something we can learn from when building web applications. What can we do to make the problem our problem and not scold the customer? "The Internet lets everyone be heard" => upmodded for truth. Everyone gets a soapbox and teh right to yell as loudly and as profanely as they like. "instead of just the "qualified" people who used to get to publish their opinions in the print era" => upmodded for humour. Have you ever read anything in a newspaper owned by Conrad Black? Or anyone else, really? Print media may employ professional journalists. But their "research" is flawed, they have a habit of regurgitating press releases from their advertisers and the political parties their owners support, and they pander to the prejudices of their readers. Freedom of the press belongs to everyone who can afford a printing press. The internet is the cheapest, most unencumbered and uncensored printing press in history. Try asking them. "Hey, do you find most of your colleagues are familiar with your code or do you find most of them have trouble getting up to speed with it?" You can ask this question in a very neutral tone, one that implies that the colleagues may have been at fault. And then, be very careful to determine whether the colleagues really weren't at fault. If you're trying to hire a very smart person, you may find someone who has chafed writing J2EE code in BigCo, and yes his code was inscrutable to his colleagues, that's why he wants to write Python code for you. Exactly. Maybe you are contemptuous of them, but you have a business plan that involves having them work back-breaking hours for some founder's equity you will dilute down to the strength of Budweiser beer. That sounds like sarcasm, but consider the case of salespeople. Many people have trouble liking salespeople, and many people do not admire them. But many businesses would close without good salespeople. So you try to find and hire the best salespeople you can find. Wanting to put someone to work in a manner advantageous to your business is entirely orthogonal to putting them on a pedestal. I agree. All I can say is... the OP mentions indicators. It is absolutely correct that they are merely hints . You still have to interview them and/or test them and/or check references from former employers and/or check references from former colleagues, and/or... In this particular case I speak as someone who has received both praise for my ability to write code that my colleages find crystal clear and vilification for writing code that my colleagues find inscrutible. Did I mention code samples? I have code I can share. I like it when I'm interviewing and someone has code they can share. Bruges, Belgium: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruges Yes, especially because "iPhone" the platform is only partially about "mobile." How many iPhone apps are really "mobile" apps? How many are really PDA apps? Or tablet apps? a "mobile" startup is a company concentrating on "mobility." There's a lot of opportunity there. And also, the fact that most phones suck is an opportunity. Apple is cashing in on that by making a better phone. You can cash in on that by making the existing phones suck less with your app. By definition, making an existing phone suck less is a mobile startup opportunity that involves neglecting the iphone. "Maybe Microsoft is just in the same stage of life that Ma Bell and Xerox was in awhile back?" => Not to mention Kodak, General Motors, Lotus, and many others. Snarfed while slumming on proggit. Not quite up to the level of writing "most pessimum" algorithms, but it brings a tear to my eye to read about someone this deeply technical. It's true that there is a permanent record, but the judge's ruling focused on how people perceive the comments. In this case, consider two bloggers Alice and Betty. If Alice writes something and Betty posts a comment on Alice's blog, the judge eems to be saying this is more casual than if Betty posts her reply on her own blog. It will be fun figuring out where "Ask HN," Twitter, and Tumblr fit in all of this. David Ogilvy, in his seminal "Ogilvy on Advertising," describes the paradox of the "Gorilla in a Jock Strap." He explains that if what you want is buzz and recall, you simply show something outrageous, and people remember the ad. Put the company's logo on the jock strap, and people remember the brand. But do people buy the product? Does the ad reposition the brand or company?? It is certainly possible that this advertisement does either or both of these things, but simply generating buzz in and of itself is not a valuable use of an advertising budget. Now that I think about it, compare and contrast this to the famous 1984 ad. I love it, it's great theatre. It made everybody talk about Macintosh--because it mentioned the brand. It positioned the brand as being against IBM and corporate computing. This ad is empty calories, buzz without direction. Think about this: if all they wanted was this level of buzz, they could have put out a press release indicating they were buying Yahoo. Same buzz, doesn't cost M$300. I accept that the ad may do more than just generate buzz. I hope so! As much as I dislike MSFT's current policies, I'd rather see them change than die. Makes me think of Windows. A lack of interest in Vista could be the best thing that ever happened to Microsoft. My colleagues and I have discussed this at length. One aspect of dropping IE support that "piques our intellectual curiosity" is thinking of it as game theory. It mightily resembles one of the four games centered on Prisoner's Dilemma (along with Moose Hunt, Chicken, and one other that eludes my recollection). If some critical mass of vendors/web sites/providers drops IE support, we all win. But if we don't get critical mass, those that drop it lose business to those that maintain support for it. PD is not the only game in the family, there are four games that differ in the relationship between the payoffs. Which game it might resemble depends on how you evaluate the payoff matrix. For example, in "Chicken," coöperating means turning aside and defecting means driving straight. The payoff is very big for the person who defects while the other player coöperates, but there is a big penalty if both players defect simultaneously. Same game mechanics, different payoff table. But all of the games have the property of having two basic choices: coöperate and defect. In this case, coöperating is dropping IE support and defecting is maintaining IE support. Of course, these are n-player games and the matrixes are more complex because the payoffs depend on how many "players" defect. I don't think communication matters for these games. It's always explained that you can't communicate, but teh really essential deal here is that you have to make your decisions simultaneously, no player sees the other player's decisions before making their own decision. In that respect, real life is different: there can be early stage players like 37 signals that get "opinionated" and laggards can watch what they do before deciding. Thanks. Most diacritics in English are on loanwords, but I like using the diacresis to disambiguate long vowels. A particularly esoteric one is Oölogy, the study of eggs :-) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_English_words_with_diac... I liked the article (That's a first for me and TC), but one small nit: Payola is only unethical when it is not disclosed. In radio, payola was wrong becaue the radio stations claimed to be playing the most popular music as measured by sales or fan requests or whatever, when in reality they were playing what they were paid to play. DEMO may be charging $18,500, but they disclose that up front. It may not be to their competitor's taste, but it isn't Payola. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Payola "Payola, in the American music industry, is the illegal practice of payment or other inducement by record companies for the broadcast of recordings on music radio, in which the song is presented as being part of the normal day's broadcast. Under US law, 47 U.S.C. § 317, a radio station can play a specific song in exchange for money, but this must be disclosed on the air as being sponsored airtime, and that play of the song should not be counted as a "regular airplay." The term has come to refer to any secret payment made to cast a product in a positive light (such as obtaining positive reviews)." Agreed. In our building there's a "modelling agency." Young girls are always going in their with their mothers, and usually coming out a few thousand dollars poorer for their "courses" and their "portfolio." From time to time I hear them talking about "the business" while they chain-smoke outside. I am always reminded of Sean Young's incredible line from Bladerunner: I'm not in the business, Mr. Deckard, I am the business. If you are paying to demo, if you pay fees to people to find you money, if you pay fees to your investors... you are not in the business, you are the business. "Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said the moves will increase the availability of credit for home buyers." Hopefully they mean "increase the availability of credit for qualified home buyers." Forcing people to buy albums for more money than the single they really want is another way to disguise the concept of charging more for popular singles. That's the iTunes policy they really hate. The reason there are only a few "complete works" for sale on iTunes is that Apple won't let the labels call nine completely unrelated songs a "work" as a sleazy way to charge $6.99 or $9.99 for a Kid Rock single. http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2005/11/18.html p.s. Complete works" are not rare in the classical music section. Perhaps the artists should try actually composing a complete work--as prog rock did in the 70s--and seeing if Apple will see things their way? I wouldn't argue if an album like "The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway" or "Dark Side of the Moon" was packaged as one movement per original LP side or even one big purchase. I don't know if the internet changes everything about this, but in the old days of retail, the discounted stuff is always grouped together, all the $4.99 albums in a bin, the $6.99 albums have "Great Value!" stickers, and so forth. You also get a flyer in your Saturday paper bragging about the low prices on these ten albums at Best Buy or whatever. Same thing, they are signaling that they all have equal value. So in retail price is signal in conjunction with a bunch of other stuff. But again, that may be irrelevant in the age of iTunes and Amazon. The first thing that came to mind was "Newton," which used stroke-recognition for recognizing letters. I doubt it's actually computing letters on the fly, I go along with your thought that you precompute vectors for each word in the dictionary. My thought is that the vectors are probably very simple. They may start with a specific letter, but after that I'm guessing they are very forgiving of inaccuracies. A rough direction and distance is probably enough to disambiguate words from each other. I'm guessing it precomputes a tree for the dictionary. With each stroke, it drills down the tree along the most likely path. If it runs out of nodes, it backtracks and tries a more likely path somewhere,possibly using a precomputed list of vectors most likely to be mistaken for each other. That gives On for the best case. Well, you are obviously right about JS having anonymous functions. In addition to anonymous functions, Ruby also has a very late-binding object and class system borrowed from SmallTalk that also--to the Java or C# programmer--looks like trickery. This can be built on top of JS, of course, but I also recall Object Assembler ;-) Playing along with your question, I suggest no more so than popular children, however the popular children are exposed to pressure to discard the good ideas and have no incentive for acting on them. Those few lonely children with good ideas, OTOH, have very little pressuring them to abandon their ideas. Who asking them to stop coding and go out to play? Son! Son!! I don't understand this android thingie you're talking about: where is the hard drive ? I notice the article doesn't say that Apple was invited to the party but refused to show up. Apple is already on record as saying they belong to the "buy once play anywhere forever" group: I can play un-DRM'D movies on my iPod Touch today, and if it were possible to buy un-DRM'd movies on iTMS, Apple would make an additional fortune from iPod and iPhone and AppleTV sales. Judging by recent events with the record labels refusing to allow Apple to sell non-DRM content and studios like NBC dropping iTMS over a pricing spat (a move they reversed after discovering that nobody was buying their content elsewhere), I'm guessing that Apple is forcibly excluded from this group. I may be wearing a foil hat, but my thought is that the entire point of this alliance is to come up with a DRM'd alternative to iTMS that consumers will actually use. If Apple were allowed in, they would still control the market and the pricing, which isn't what the studios want. Thank you! I heard the expression "sharecropper" from Tim Bray: http://www.tbray.org/ongoing/When/200x/2003/07/12/WebsThePla... It came to mind again with all the posts about the app store. It's fun using technology in a manner which it is not intended. A sentiment I can applaud. Bravo! Why is it that everything I read in this blog pisses me off? Uh, because you're human, and like the rest of us, you take incredibly trivial things far too personally? Seriously, if I asked you whether somewhere on this Earth we can find someone whose views are diametrically opposed to yours AND they express them in a manner you find obnoxious, I guess you would say that statistically, that person--call him "un-unalone"--is out there somewhere. And no, you wouldn't get pissed off knowing that un-unalone exists and is being vehemently wrong every time he speaks. But if we conjure un-unalone up for you and you read what he's actually writing, you get angry. I guess we'd all like to be perfectly Zen about this, and shrug our shoulders, but we aren't and we don't. FWIW, I think Jeff Atwood is pretty-much the un-raganwald, right down to being waaaaaaaaaaay more likable than I am :-) There is absolutely zero credibility in the statement that they only intended Seinfeld to do these two ads. That being said, it is entirely reasonable to assume that they planned to shot a couple of ads, see how they went, and switch to Plan B if they were not achieving what MSFT wanted at this point. That's just good business. Is this why the US under Reagan brought the USSR to its knees? So that the West could team up with China on tracing dissent? I'm saddened, I really am. There are two questions: Where is the pendulum now? And which way is it swinging? We may not be living in a Stalinist dictatorship, but I don't like the way things are going on both sides of the 49th parallel. This is really rather simple to understand: Part of the motivation for inventing complex new derivatives is to create things that look conservative to the model but are actually risky. The personal incentives for traders are to get big returns, which implies making risky bets. But your risk management system won't let you make risky bets directly. So instead, you make risky bets indirectly through instruments specifically engineered to game the risk management system. It's nothing new. Michael Lewis' excellent book "Liar's Poker" describes how Solomon Brothers invented ways to obtain triple-A credit ratings for incredibly risky forex trades so that they could be sold to S&L's with strict rules about the credit-worthiness of their investments. And that was at least twenty years ago. > They plan the ads, shoot them, and buy the slots months in advance. They're not pulling them like recalled toys from Wal-Mart shelves. If they had wanted more of them, they would have filmed them and purchased the ad slots months ago, and we'd be watching them next week no matter what the critical reaction to the first two. In my previous life as a marketing manager I have seen ad campaigns get pulled. They could have shot different ads as a plan B. The ads we are seeing now might have been intended to follow a longer series of Seinfeld ads but got moved up. Or they might have been intended for smaller markets and were promoted. It may be the case that Microsoft planned doing just two ads with Jerry all along, but I wouldn't say that not running a third Seinfeld ad is proof of this. http://valleywag.com/5051860/microsoft-ad-agency-confirms-ne... I tried submitting this, but it was marked "Dead" immediately. Nice, it looks like HN knows when enough is enough! I think there’s a very good chance that we’re seeing the sort of marketing campaign that will be studied in universities for years to come. I’m not sure which way it will go. It might be looked back upon as the spark that ignited a massive resurgence and a prime example of one of the all time great ad agencies at the peak of their game. Or it might go down as act of hubris on par with Gigli but with ten times the budget Matt, I think you may be onto something there. Things in front of us always seem bigger than they really are, but when they went from M$10 on Jerry Seinfeld to directly responding to the "I'm a PC" commercials, this went from being another M$300 ad spend to a very high stakes gamble. When they were doing the Seinfeld thing, it could have been a defensive move. They solidify their support with their core market, and Apple's ads solidify their support with Apple's core market. It stops and further switching, but creates a stable stalemate with Microsoft maintaining huge market share and continuing to farm its customers for upgrade revenue. But directly responding to the Apple ads changes things. Now it's a kind of winner-take-all strategy. If they succeed, they could reverse the trend and win customers and mind share back. But if they fail, they accelerate the defection and actually get their own customers talking about Apple's advertising! If Microsoft spends any serious money on this "I'm a PC" series, I don't see this ending in a stable stalemate. One or the other is going to win out. It "I'm a PC" flops, Microsoft looks very, very bad and validates Apple's advertising. Of course, if it succeeds it could undermine everything Apple has worked on and claw back their gains. So... I would have to say that before canning Jerry this was not going to be a B-School case study. But now that the #1 player with 90+% of the market is breaking all the rules by referencing a competitor's advertising... Yeah, I see this as a B-School case study no matter how it plays out. Tagged fighting_fire_with_fire Unix obviously, especially the shell. Everyone says the Lisp "UI" sucks, but masters explain how you can be even more powerful piping all these separate commands together... And the eyes of the lumpenproletariat glaze over... Thank you. PS: lumpenproletariat - ridiculing newcomers who aren't as knowledgeable as you is what got Lisp to where it is today. I don't ridicule people who don't use Lisp--I don't use Lisp professionally myself. I was trying to get into the spirit of painting programming languages with such broad metaphorical strokes that you could sum up their entire character and history by comparing them to an operating system... from two decades ago! My experience with Lisp programmers has been uniformly excellent, however there are certainly people who paint Lisp the language as being inhabited by hostile self-proclaimed experts, so I played along. It doesn't suprise me that things could be this way, I have observed people taking much the same line with Linux: "What, you have trouble recompiling the kernel? You're an idiot, go back to WIndows!" or more recently, "What do you mean Software Update is a feature? I just use apt-get! And Time Machine? What does it do that git doesn't do? grow up and become a real programmer!" Or more HN-local, there was a post somewhere that suggested owning a MacBook Air was all about impressing girls at Starbucks. I took this as a mortal insult: I would certainly buy technology to impress people, but the suggestion that owning a Mac means I drink Starbucks coffeee... That was a low blow. So I compared the two. Seemed entirely within the spirit of the OP. It has to do with the characteristic of the activity being "disgusting" as opposed to being "not in shareholder's interests," "not in customers' interests," or even "not in society's interests." Both corporate behaviours have incited this kind of deeply emotional response. So it's interesting to ask someone if they have the same emotional response to each corporate behaviour. It would be very interesting to me if someone says they find patent trolling to be businesses making money according to the rules of the game as they are written but that same person thinks of Apple's behaviour as "disgusting." I am not suggesting anybody here has that response, just that I see that the question is interesting. There's no such thing as disgusting in business No, there isn't. Business is amroal for the simple reason that corporations are not people. However, there is such a thing as disgusting when people make business decisions. The fact that someone owns a business or works for a business does not relive them of personal moral responsibility. A business is perfectly correct to decide that offshoring shoe manufacturing to copuntries with child labour is the right choice. A business is perfectly correct to decide that offshoring chemical manufacturing to countries with lax safety standards is the right choice. The people working for those businesses, on the other hand, are not off the hook. They cannot invoke the Nuremburg defence, for can they assert that since the business is devoid of responsibility, and they work for the business, their decisions while on the job are devoid of responsibility. Thus, speaking to another post here, I have no ethical problem with a firm that exists to commit patent extortion. However, I find the actions of its founders and employees disgusting. I think comparisons and metaphors can shed light and reveal common principles of tools/tasks (without defining them) Oh absolutely. We are pattern-matching machines. If we had to reason about every new thing from first principles because of the exceptions and corner cases that mean no two things are exactly alike... Well let's just say we would need a whole brain architecture. The one we have--highly parallel with relatively slow procesors and six layers of neocortex--wouldn't cut it. Don't let the comments dissuade you from voicing your opinion. I notice that you have 50+ upmods as I write this. Remember that people who agree with you tend to nod. Some nod and upmod. A very, very few write a comment. Whereas people who disagree with you are much more likely to write a comment. p.s. The only thing more lame than a meta-post complaining about posts are the meta-comments complaining that meta-posts are lame. GET A LIFE, PEOPLE!!! Please don't submit comments complaining that a submission is inappropriate for the site. Well said, worthy of an upmod for that one line ;-) You can read about that stuff everywhere right now (news.google, front of popular magazines). => The existing guidelines hint at this by suggesting that if you can find it on certain other sites, it explicitly doesn't belong here. It doesn't really help start my business as it provides little actionable advice. => Very insightful. You are mistaken, sorry. Complaining does change people's behaviour. You wouldn't be complaining about other people's behaviour if you didn't think so! That being said, you are entitled to suggest that submitting content and upvoting content is the best way to make the community "better." But it is not the only way, at least not until HN explicitly forbids meta-posting. well, if a woman, a webcam, and an election are involved, it MUST be hacker news. upvoted. Interesting comment, thanks. Although: The point that if a story is on digg or reddit it doesn't belong on HN is a symptom of something else, namely that digg or reddit is associated with a low common denominator, and thus an article that appears on these sites first shouldn't appear here. Not necessarily. It could simply be that many people who reads HN also reads, say, programming.reddit.com and are interested in stories with low duplication. Another possibility is simply that I am curious about what kinds of stories appear here but don't appear there. It doesn't have to be an elite vs. LCD, it could be startups vs. working for the man, Lisp vs. Python, anything. Your remarks about pair programming may be true. However, I have trouble believing this makes it a poor advertisement. Consider a hypothetical expert programmer who like pair programming but hates Ruby. Such a person could easily say what you just said. And I know one fellow--who lives in Canada--who might not care to relocate his family to Jacksonville. He could easily write what you just wrote, this time about the fact that the offices are in Jacksonville. All of these things--pair programming, Ruby, Jacksonville--are going to cut down the number of talented programmers who want to work for Hashrocket. Given some set of working conditions, I believe the OP does a good job of explaining why the advertisement does an excellent job of attracting the kind of people who would be interested in working for Hashrocket. The people who don't like pair programming, ruby, or Jacksonville are not the "market" for the ad. I would rather keep the intellectually gratifying articles from the NYT magazine, salon, TED, the new yorker, marc cuban's blog, edge.org, etc. and get rid of the esoteric programming articles and cliche business advice. To me what makes hacker news boring is all the front page articles about erlang libraries and cloud computing. This is the direction the HN front page seems to be heading. Maybe you have a lot of kindred spirits! According to the post, narcissism is not just being 'self-obsessed,' but rather preferring breadth over depth in social relationships. Thus, they specifically pointed out that having a profile picture is not narcissistic, but using a glamour shot rather than a candid snapshot is narcissistic. My guess would be that the glamour shot--which represents you as you aren't--is there to foster attraction from people who don't know you well, while a candid snapshot reinforces your image with people you already know. I don't know if a Youtube video making the front page is a first, but complaining about not linking a post being on the HN front page is definitely not a first. For all that, upmodded for being the first such complaint to cross the line into advocating violence and mayhem. Along with a suggestion to chill out listening to Helter Skelter . I thought Ruby and Python were roughly isomorphic. Outside of the trivial matter of Turing equivalence, Ruby and Python strike me as being dissimilar on all but the most superficial level, both as languages and as cultures. Ruby aids and abets designing your own syntax, functional programming, anonymous classes, and extremely late binding. Python either explicitly rejects such things or makes them more difficult. Meanwhile, Python shows evidence of having paid attention to ideas invented since Lisp and Smalltalk were the new kids on the block, including things like generators and list comprehensions. JM2C, I am not an expert in either language. http://www.infoq.com/presentations/agile-dsl-development-in-... I have found a remarkable proof that Ruby aids and abets writing your own domain-specific languages, but the margin is too small to write it out. Actually, I have found this to be true and you will also find the OP makes this exact point. Google ruby and DSL and you will find hundreds of examples. While argumentum ad popularum is a fallacy, I think we have are safe in saying Ruby encourages this. Whether the resulting DSLs are any good is another question. And by isomorphic, I mean that, given a finite number of "utilities" one could translate line for line a Ruby program into a Python program, and still get, maybe not a fully Pythonic program, but close enough. I thought, using this metric, C I don't think this is true. I have a strong feeling that Ruby allows certain things that would require whole-program rewriting to redo in Python, and certainly the reverse is true. Generators from Python and the various metaprogramming callbacks from Ruby come to mind. Certainly you can translate from one to the other, but I don't think the resulting rewriting will be entirely local.