How so? the inspector in the nightlies is vastly improved over the dev preview, but if there's anything missing you should file a feature request at http://bugs.webkit.org It's improved, the entire look has not been redone -- obviously there's no point in throwing out the good bits :D The actual issue is parallelising it appropriately -- realistically the best you can do (with this approach) is hoist computation into a worker (which i'm working on) and you get hit by data transfer costs at that point as workers do not allow any form of data sharing between threads. I'm not sure if there is any way to feasibly improve threading of computation in a non-shared-state threading model. this sounds just like weak references to me CSS and html both support rgb(), rgba(), hsl(), and hsla() colors in addition to hex... This seems to basically be bitching about 'finally' (which is a perfectly legitimate thing to bitch about) -- but finally isn't java specific it also exists in JavaScript, C#, Delphi, and quite a few others (strangely however not C++, who'd have thunk it :D ) Yeah, I was somewhat puzzled about that title as it's clearly wrong. A reasonable number of these "wtf"s are just more examples of people failing to understand floating point. sigh One question i have regarding these is how fair are the tests, a very quick look at the tests shows for "pidigits" the lua code has the line: require"c-gmp"(g, aux) Implying that it is using the GNU Multiprecision Library for it's big integer support, whereas the JS code has: load('/home/dunham/shootout/bench/Include/javascript/biginteger.js'); Which is apparently a big integer library implemented in javascript http://www-cs-students.stanford.edu/~tjw/jsbn/ In other words, in at least one of the tests a comparison is being made between javascript and C/C++, not javascript and Lua. One of the big issues is that any JS function can technically walks its own call stack, which makes inlining very difficult, and for many of these tests the ability to inline is actually a fairly substantial advantage. The basic problem faced by a JS engine is that if it wants to be able to inline a function it has to be able to either: * Prove that it knows everything that the function may do -- in effect this means you can't inline any functions that themselves call functions, or any functions that interact with any values you can't consider constant, or identify before you enter the inlined code; or * Have the ability to at any point in time reconstruct the call stack, and all arguments correctly. One of these choices is exceedingly limiting in what you can do, and the other is vastly complex. I have looked at a few of the other tests and nothing obviously pops out as being bogus, so it's likely just this pidigits test which has an unfair advantage If you're claiming that your interpreter is faster than someone elses you can't make your test depend on a native library for the bulk of the work. That may be a valid argument for "my language is better" but it isn't an argument for my interpreter is faster than yours. The numbers you point to make use of http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32/program.php?test=pidig... Which is using GMP, so maybe that particular link needs to be updated? WebKit is used by many different applications and browsers (eg. Epiphany, Arora, Omniweb, Shiira, etc) -- by incorporating multiprocess support directly in webkit all of those applications can make use of it. WebKit isn't an end user product -- it's a library, ports are maintained by the people who want the port, there are active gtk, qt, wx, and efl ports. WebKit doesn't have a set of "supported" platforms, each port is responsible for maintaining their own backend support, and their front facing API. There's also the element of "linux" not meaning much in this context -- as I said above there are multiple port, eg. webkit/gtk, qtwebkit, webkit/wx, etc All 747s (and i presume most other commercial aircraft these days) are designed to be able to carry extra engines, as you'd otherwise need to have stockpiles of engines at all airports that your planes may land, or special aircraft used solely for transporting engines. My understanding (though this is second hand so it may be entirely wrong/misunderstood) is that switching out an engine is a relatively simple task. The articles information is very out of date, and relies on multiple issues to successfully work: * It needs an array literal (eg. []) to be constructed using the function referenced by the Array property on the global object. (This was spec ambiguity and only effects older IE and Firefox -- very old firefox, maybe only up to netscape or phoenix?) * It needs assignments in object and array literals to call setters on the prototype chain. Both of these issues were fixed by ES5 (the first may have been fixed in ES3.1) by saying that Array and Object literal notation both use the initial values of Array and Object (so you can't change the constructor used), and by saying that all assignments are "direct" so won't call setters on the prototype chain. This effectively makes JSON hijacking impossible, except of course for the large numbers of old browsers that are out there. This is also a distinct issue from JSONP hijacking, for which there isn't a solution other than to not use JSONP. The post actually appears to endorse using eval to parse JSON. Not only does that allow invalid JSON through, it disallows some valid JSON, and of course is a huge security hole. If you want to handle JSON data in JavaScript use JSON.parse -- it's the safest, fastest, and most correct path to having your data available to you. [update: edited to remove bizarre use of whole vs hole... boggles ] Too my knowledge all browsers now ship with json built in -- if you must work with older browsers (not an entirely unreasonable requirement) you should check for the JSON object first, and if it isn't present load json2.js. Otherwise you're just adding an additional load penalty to your site (and on mobile browsers that can be 100s of milliseconds) The moment you use eval to parse "JSON" data you _are_ trusting content from the client. eval _executes_ javascript, JSON just happens to be mostly compatible with JS object and array literal syntax so it "Just Works". Because eval is executing the data it is using the full JS parser. That means that while '{"name":"bill"}' works as expected '{"name": window.location = "myevildownload.com"}' does too. JSON.parse is built into the language. It enforces strict JSON conformance so you can't end up accidentally having invalid content that won't be parsed by other JSON libraries, and it does not execute data -- it creates the object graph and nothing else. If there's anything that is not valid JSON it fails and has no side effects. When constructing the object graph it uses the real Object and Array constructors, so nothing can be injected that way. When setting properties on objects it sets them directly and does not call setters. If you use JSON.parse to parse your JSON data, it is not possible for an attacker to either run or inject code in your site. And it's faster than eval. Yes, because people don't want to be tracked. If you want to know approximately how many users you have you don't need cookies. Cookies are only useful if you want to track what the user does. Surprisingly users don't want you stalking them on the web anymore than they would want you stalking them in real life. This isn't surprising, people don't want to be stalked online anymore than they want to be stalked in the real world. If sites are worried about having to bring up a big dialog saying "please let us track you and everything that you do" hurting their site traffic perhaps they should just give up on tracking users. If 90% say no to a dialog there probably isn't much point in asking, and asking probably turns people away from your site. The only reason that this kind of stalking didn't turn people away in the past is because it was hidden from them. Your server side validation would have to be a full JSON parser. So in order to use eval, you're adding a full server side parse of the data on each request, increasing server load, and request latency (i've seen sites sending megs of json to the browser). All so that you can save 6 characters of typing to load the JSON less efficiently on the client side. Of course because people _do_ do this most engines these days preflight calls to eval to see if they can be parsed as a subset of pseude-JSON. Note: this doesn't make it safe, any inject xss is not valid json so will still be a hole, and these preparsers try to bail out quickly so treat only a minimal subset of JSON. In JavaScriptCore (so all webkit browsers other than chrome) you can't have escaped characters in string literals nor any non-ascii characters anywhere. JSONP has numerous problems, first it's not JSON -- the object literal is created by executing JS, so you're back to square one with validating your input, the second and more significant problem is that if you ever use JSONP to transmit private data then you've essentially lost the cross origin protection of data present in the browser. Now all an attacker needs to do is get one of your users with an active session to load a page that does and they can gather that data. Can anyone explain how this differs from the MIMO radios what have been around for years? I just set Siri to use australian english rather than US english and it had no difficulty understanding me. (I'm an NZer living stateside so I can't really comment on any other issues) Using tags in the high bits is exactly what caused all those problems for software written in the 80s and early 90s. The assumption that your software will have been updated before anyone has such "ludicrous" amounts of memory is not safe. Low bits seem to be generally safe as a) you can easily control pointer alignment in your own code, and b) most system's alignment requirements are increasing not decreasing. Some architectures can't even access unaligned pointers. Even excluding large ram increases, presumably the current (effective) 48bit address space limitation on x86_64 is likely to go away, and then ASLR is going to make it hard to guarantee that your high bits are clear. Hurrah! Good to see it being reused :D Do it!!! I've always intended to extend the simulator to support obstacles and directional inputs but never got round to it. We need more things like this in JS :D And then there's my actual simulator -- who needs comments? :D facepalm If you actually look at the commit logs for javascriptcore you see all development goes on in public, all patches follow the webkit review rules (you can't do an unreviewed code dump, and large code dumps aren't pleasant when you need reviews). JSC is developed in the open, everyone can see the work we're doing, and the progress we're making, as we're making it. If you had actually followed the link you would have seen a change log pointing to a bug on bugs.webkit.org that shows the huge amount of (public) work that preceded actually landing this https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=75812 . Additionally there was substantial refactoring in multiple commits leading up to the final landing of LLInt in order to reduce the patch size as much as possible. The reason the LLInt landed as a "code dump" is because that is the minimal size possible - you can't land part of an execution engine, as by definition part of an engine is not sufficient to pass tests. As it is, this is only 32 bit for the simple reason that 32-bit x86 is the easiest way to stress register allocation, our value encoding requires two 32bit registers per value and 32bit x86 has very few registers. TLDR; You can't really do massive codedumps in the webkit repository, the commit rules make it very hard. Alas some patches are intrinsically large though as a partial patch won't be sufficient to pass tests, but even then we don't like them. There are various tool scripts in WebKit written in a collection of basically every common script languages - perl, python, ruby, shell(!!!) are the ones i can think of off the top of my head. The "old" baseline jit (the middle tier) is a simple "method" hit in the same vein as V8, it executes directly and accumulates runtime type info -- the still takes longer to generate and uses more memory than the interpreter. A lot of short run programs take less time to run than to do codegen for (JSONP for instance can do really unpleasant things to codegen time) Tricky question: We try to keep all patches small, as the larger a patch is the longer it will take to get reviewed, and the longer the review takes, and the more update-review-update-review... cycles are required. There are some things (like this patch) where the core change (in this case a new execution engine) can't be landed in pieces (either you have a complete working execution engine that will pass all tests, and won't regress performance, or you don't). But even in these cases we try to reduce the size and complexity of the core patch. If you look at the recent commits to JSC you'll see a bunch of refactoring landing prior to LLInt that got the non-LLInt specific code into the tree in advance of LLInt itself. As it is the initial commit only has support for our 32bit encoding, and doesn't support all the backends that the JSC JIT supports. The basic reason for this is that the static assembler does need to do some register allocation and the easy way to ensure that it's correct is to through it at 32 bit x86. Our value representation requires 2 registers on 32 bit platforms, and x86-32 has very few GPRs we can use, so it acts as an excellent stress test vs. any other supported platform. um, read it more carefully. It's saying women are a perk, then clarifies by saying that the women in question will be the ones serving drinks. Paraphrased: Perks: * women: they're there to serve drinks. The problem is not the "(female)" bit, it was the fact that the existence of women is reported as a "perk". Because after all, women are just objects that exist to serve drinks to men. Yeah, my first reading was "we'll help you avoid the skeevy dudes who think you should sleep with them in exchange for beer" rather than "we're skeevy dudes who think you exist solely to get us beer" The problem with organ donation is that insurance companies consider missing organs to be a pre-existing condition, and will reject you because of it. Go private health care! I have a very good friend who has been unable to get insurance since donating one of their kidneys. I don't see why/where the code generator is involved here. The posted "exploit" doesn't appear to work at all, implying that either it's not complete (so discussing how it works is kind of pointless) or just bogus. There's nothing that I see that makes it obvious that it's attacking the JIT logic specifically. It's most reminiscent of the fairly old heap spray techniques which require an additional exploit anyway. For instance the function for testing existence of the bogus microcode is: function test(result) { // giant comment explaining the asm used to test for the vulnerability unescape('%u31C9%u5589%uE55D%u2EF8%uC390%u9090'); return 0; } Presumably the call to unescape is intended to convert the encoded shellcode into somthing useful. But there does not appear to be anything done to actually execute the shellcode. The historical way of doing this (blocked by DEP) is to fill the heap with copies of the string, and then use another exploit to jump into the heap at somewhere likely to contain your code. There are ways to bypass DEP, but this doesn't appear to try even that. Honestly it looks like someone has simply taken the assembly used to the exploit, put it in a string (using numeric character escapes), and then done nothing else. That it is referring to launching threads makes me wonder if this isn't just someone converting a pre-existing C program into something that at least parses as JS. No. The interpreter doesn't generate that. They have taken the assembly, placed it in a string, and then done nothing more. There is no obvious attempt to actually get the JS engine to do anything out of the ordinary. The string '%u31C9%u5589%uE55D%u2EF8%uC390%u9090' is simply the unicode escaped version of the assembly above. The goal of this exploit would be to get the interpreter to set PC to the address of that string. There is no obvious attempt to do that. Just compare the decoded opcodes in the DISASM comment to the contents of the string. PDF warning for everyone else as well. :D Assuming -dbg implies versions of the frameworks with at least symbols, if not full debug information (file, line, type info, etc). Even something trivial like #include int main(int argc, char argv) { printf("Hello world\n"); return 0; } Is around 4-5% larger with debug info, and that's a single trivial C program with a single call, and only build in types. WebKit is largely C++, so a fairly trivial C++ program (that has no function): template struct MyFoo { T m_field; template void add(MyFoo rhs) { m_field += rhs.m_field; } }; int main(int argc, char argv) { MyFoo f; f.m_field = 1.5; MyFoo i; i.m_field = 1; MyFoo d; d.m_field = 0; d.add(i); d.add(f); } Has a 10% size difference in size between deployment style builds and builds with debug info. As the code size increases that amount of information needed in debug builds starts getting very large, as the description of classes and functions starts getting even larger than pure C versions. The size of a debug build can vary quite a lot, as there are different forms of debug info, most commonly stabs or DWARF (and DWARF2). But even these are fairly bad in terms of space efficiency (stabs is evil), mostly as there isn't any real reason for focusing on that - fairly "trivial" space optimizations aren't implemented at all which means there are huge amounts of duplicated information, and the debug formats aren't really C++ aware, so each instantiation of a template results in a complete duplication of all the data describing it. It would be nice if these problems could be fixed (eg. debug info that's aware of templates is the biggest problem in webkit), but other places where information is duplicated needlessly is also fairly crappy. But there's stuff pushing back against such optimizations: Debug symbols are primarily used in _debug_ builds, while debugging. When you're debugging you want the build to be as fast as possible, and any work the compiler+linker do to reduce debug data size is going to add to compilation time, which everyone will then complain about. (Of course without SSDs we'd have probably reached the point we're writing such large amounts of data out would be taking longer than reducing the size and writing less data in the first place...) I'm not sure what this is saying. If it's talking about things the browser can be made to do my response is "so? that's intentional". If it's about things that can happen if you embed user (read: attacker) provided content in your page then you have already lost. There's never a time that you can safely embed content from an untrusted source in your page - no blacklist or whitelist based approach to content is going to be safe. The correct approach to user provided content is to parse the content, drop anything you don't understand or recognize exactly. Then escape all of the left over content, and reconstruct at the end. You could use markdown to do this for you, or you could do it manually if you want you own rules (and/or <>-like syntax). Filtering content is just not sound and every time I see something that seems to imply that it is, it makes me cry. (A example of this taken to its extreme is WebGL shader parsing. A correct + "safe" implementation of WebGL must at the very least: 1. parse the shader itself, dropping all comments, etc 2. perform strict semantic analysis on the result of (especially as many GL drivers don't) 3. take the result of and turn that back into text 4. throw the result of at the gl engine This is necessary to ensure that not only is the shader correct (in the terms of webgl), but also to ensure that no parsing oddities can get through (e.g. something seen as a comment terminator in the driver but not the validator - bugs like this have happened with multiple validators in multiple contexts over the last few decades) It's not really a fair comparison as the dart versions are more-or-less completely statically typed. If they wanted this to be fair they'd be using untyped (typing is "optional" in dart). If you're allowed to modify the code in substantial and performance altering ways for one language, you should be allowed to for the other as well (the JS versions of both those benchmarks have substantial perf problems). This is especially egregious given that the DeltaBlue tests is ported from untyped smalltalk, so the JS version is actually closer to the original. Anyone want to test a webkit nightly? I don't have a desktop machine handy tight now to test on :( Or even just a bug report at bugs.webkit.org Thanks :) That was my thought - i couldn't see why this would make things better (you don't remove trolls, but people who we don't want to consider trolls would now run the risk of simply being outspent and then bankrupted -> which could "hilariously" result in them selling the IP to an actual troll...). I think the fix would be to stop allowing overly broad patents (eg. actually say how what you're doing what you're claiming, instead of saying "i have an idea" and not saying how to do it) I suspect every non white male tech worker in the US has experienced this at some point Wow, that's both scary (more than _50%_ of guys reported that rape was okay in some cases), and depressing (double digit % of women have been conditioned into thinking it's acceptable). Seriously wtf is wrong with people :-/ The behavior of [] is from C -- it's not a bizarro C++ feature. The "redefining keywords" is the pre-processor. That's what it does. There isn't anything magic here. Strictly speaking it can be run entirely ahead of the C/C++ compiler, on any file you want. There's no requirement that it is C/C++ - you could use it on a python script (as long as you weren't using # comments anywhere :D ) The primary effect of the inline keyword is to tell the compiler that a function is not to be exported from the current object. e.g. foo.h: int bar(int i) { return i; /* awesome function! */ foo.cpp: #include "foo.h" … bar(5) … At this point everything is fine, but lets say there's also: wiffle.cpp: #include "foo.h" … bar(6) … now both foo.o and bar.o will contain a function named bar - because they picked up the definition in foo.h and c/c++ don't (technically) see any difference between a function that has been written inline, or a function that was included from a header. By slapping the inline keyword on the function bar, the link flags for the function change so that the bar won't be exported from any object file that includes it, and so the name collision will no longer occur at link time. There are a bunch of other benefits, mostly along the lines of "there function doesn't need to be exported therefore if it's not used i don't need to include it in the object" JSC should build cleanly on its own (e.g. no dependencies on anything on top of it.) It's possible some of the build scripts have developed a bizarro dependency on other portions of the repo, but we'd happily take patches to fix those issues. As far as APIs, JSC has provided a completely API and ABI stable C API for 7-ish years, and there's an ObjC API built on top of that now. Unfortunately the nature of C APIs for interacting with language runtimes makes it somewhat clunky and hard to use perfectly - C++ makes this easier as you can make types with constructors and destructors to make a lot of the otherwise manual work (ref()/deref(), etc) entirely automatic. Unfortunately C++ makes it easy to make an API that has a stable interface, but still isn't ABI stable. The typed arrays should be available in trunk, haves you checked recent trunk? I believe the "need all of webkit-gtk" was a pile of sadness in build-jsc + automake that may have been fixed recently. I'm sure Zan, Xan, or Michel would be happy to help if it's still borked. There are _some_ platform requirements that make a generic "linux" not work, as we build on the platform support libraries for threads, unicode, etc so JSC may have random looking dependencies on such Have you tried ToT trunk? We moved the entire TA impl into JSC itself last week and just accepted the semantic changes necessary for non-WebIDL types. Tools/Scripts/build-jsc _should_ build just jsc. In response to [1]: Men are victims of trolls, but there is huge difference in the volume and type of trolling that men vs. women experience. There is a gaping chasm between the bullying experienced by men vs. the rapid, ongoing rape and murder threats are the _normal_ "trolling" that women experience. We can't talk about the "plight" of men until we deal with the extremes - and that means as a community we have make people realised that threats of rape, violence and murder are never, ever acceptable. That being a creeper isn't funny, it's unhealthy and threatening. The guessing their social media passwords and defacing and defaming them is unacceptable. Until the current attitude of men on the net changes there is nothing facile about the argument made in this article. The shuttles had similar concepts - various flaps had multiple redundant hydraulic pumps to control them so that even if one went nuts and started going in reverse that other pumps would over power it, and the result would simply be slower response times. Ok so under the ACA she now pays less for her medications (Celebrex does not yet have a generic, i know because i'm on it as well). The headline is link bait: Before the ACA she was paying entirely out of pocket, and now she isn't but it's still expensive. I have very expensive insure and it only brings it down to $50/mo so $85/mo seems reasonable for a cheap plan. Anyway, to back up what i just said, here's the unabridged 2nd paragraph: "Under the plan, her Celebrex would have cost $648 a month until she met her $1,500 prescription deductible, followed by an $85 monthly co-pay." followed by the following in the 5th paragraph: "Before the federal health law took effect, Mason paid slightly more for her monthly premium on a plan that didn't cover her arthritis or pain medications and some routine doctor's visits." A lot of the other examples they have are "patient was trying to get name brand drug rather than the available generic". Now for some meds (birth control for example) the exact brand can be important, but for most it doesn't. IIRC my celebrex prescription (i don't have receipts on me) costs around $800/mo pre-insurance As a person who works on a JS engine I can say that a lot of the speed up in this library is the failure to handle holes correctly - it's surprisingly expensive to do a hole check, although there's still room in most engines to optimise it, those checks are fairly time consuming :-/ Most of the array methods are explicitly defined in terms of indexing rather that iterators, so for(of) is incorrect. On the other hand indexing is still faster than iteration in the major implementations. |with| makes reasoning about function behaviour extremely difficult, take: var x = 5; something.propertyOnSomething = 5 with(something) { x += propertyOnSomething } alert(x); // What is the value of x? eval() causes problems as it can introduce new variables into the local scope making it logically difficult to reason about program behaviour subsequent to the eval(), e.g. function f(x) { eval(something); return Math.sqrt(x); } What is the result of f(9)? It is possible to set things up to make these not catastrophically harm performance, but the question is whether you would rather the engineers working on these engines make uncommon (and arguably bad) things common, or make normal and frequent code fast. Any time spent working on making uncommon things fast is time not spent making other things fast. However the problem these various anti-BC people have (and the court cases that has again bought up IUDs) is that "birth control" drugs are used by huge numbers of people for completely unrelated reasons - numerous thyroid conditions are best treated with "birth control". Also IUDs are solely for BC, and require (out patient) procedures that fall under the 'religious' exemptions. So you don't get coverage for that either. Um, if you don't trust your parter, the solution is not a gross invasion of privacy. In summary: is a cofounder. Tinder brings in a new CMO (after company was founded), name him a cofounder, rewrite history so she is no longer a cofounder, ignore her complaints about harassment, proceed to fire her. Then when this story breaks talk about suspending the "cofounder" that was doing the harassing - acting as though it is new information. I'd be curious about the effect of manually substituting the clang overflow arithmetic intrinsics on the codegen. Yes, weeks or months of work goes into finding the bugs, and then working out how to exploit them. The continued "hacked in x minutes" crap is nonsense. The trees they're trying to keep alive have ridiculously high water consumption, almonds for instance consume 10s of litres of water for each _individual_ almond. They need to stop growing trees like that in a desert, which is what they're doing. The wells they are digging are tapping into the underlying aquifers that are the last resort, so they are in fact getting _free_ water while complaining about the cost. In essence they are stealing the water that other californians pay for. At the same time they are asking for subsidies, to support a business model built on the ridiculously stupid idea of growing high water use crops in a _desert_. The solution is to actually treat this as a free market (as most HN commenters seem to believe is the solution to everything), everyone pays the same amount for water, including farmers. This would mean farmers would actually make sane use of their water - maybe they can't grow almonds for a profit anymore, and switch to something else. They will probably fairly quickly find some new food stuff that people really want to pay lots of money for, but uses less water. That's how things work. California does have that. They just don't apply to farmers, who use 80% of the water. Sadly JSONP continues to flourish and so requires substantial work to get some semblance of good performance for large datasets. JSC explicitly checks all program code for the common JSONP idioms and pushes them down a completely different execution path (that is equivalent to simply calling JSON.parse) :-/ o.f() and (0, o.f)() have different semantics - the latter is closer to temp = o.f; temp(). For that reason the optimisers see the code being function-call vs. method-call. Given the usage of function and method calls are generally different the compilers make different optimising decisions. Building something to deliberately look like a bomb, and then placing it in a location to again make it look as much like a bomb as possible is completely different from: * Making a clock * Telling everyone it is a clock Woz got told off, Ahmed got interrogated with no parents present, then arrested, walked past his schoolmates in hand cuffs, placed in juvenile detention, suspended (still suspended), finger printed, ... No, installing an update requires the passcode. Look for the OTA update stuff in the security white paper. Math.random() is not intended be a _good_ source of random -- it's essentially expected to be on par with C's rand(), although IIRC most implementations are better. There are APIs for cryptographically secure random numbers, but Math.random() is not it. True, but there's also no requirement for quality -- the webkit/javascriptcore rng is a trivially simple generator, with no real statistical analysis performed -- back in the day i ddi some rudimentary testing (simple things like the birthday and pi tests) -- the only real reason you could get away with it in this use case would be that it use a separate ring for every page, and those rngs are seeded from "true" random on every load. Your claim that it's a merry-go-round is seemingly based on a misunderstanding of how medicine works. You're right, medication does not necessarily ever stop. But it also never stops for heart disease, diabetes, arthritis, HIV, ... Some conditions can be cured, some conditions can be treated, some conditions require continual changes and adjustments to medications. For example, some people with mental illness can take drugs for a finite amount of time, and eventually come off them and never have to return to them. Similarly some people who have asthma can eventually come off an inhaler and never need it again. Even in those cases, some people in certain stressful situations can still end up needing to go back to the medication (e.g anti-depressant/inhaler) years/decades later. Some people have to stay on their medication forever, either asthmatics and their inhaler, or people with mental illness and their specific meds. For some people different meds are needed, but that applies to a huge array of drugs -- some people have to use specific brands of inhaler, even specific types of insulin, neurological drugs are no different. And if we start looking at the merry-go-round of changing drug regimes, there are other diseases with similar cases, most obviously HIV, where the treatments have to be continually monitored and changed for each individual, and many have to be taken at fixed times. Mental illness is not a unique disease, the challenges of treatment are not dramatically different from all other diseases. It's just a disease, and like any other disease, living with it takes effort. These don't seem to be controlling their numbers for actual proportion. They're comparing direct %s without considering the higher proportion of white Americans. If there were no bias then the %s shown should match the relative population sizes. This is a scam, theyre actually delaying the news by like 50 minutes. Probably due to corporate sponsorship or something ;) There are much bigger problems due to secondary infections caused by the /permanently/ implanted tubes required for regular dialysis. The tubes also need to be frequently opened and used for self/manual dialysis that may be needed on a regular every-7-hours kind of way. A friend of mine had his kidneys fail and he was on manual dialysis every 7 hours or something, every day, and could never miss ine. Once due to a power cut he had to drive 3 hours to get to a working microwave because he had to heat the fluid bags to body temp before using them. It wasnt illegally made, it wasnt stolen, it was in the public interest (hogan is a very public figure, and has gone on at length about being faithful, not cheating, loose morals of young people). So... Reporting on that seems like actual information that should be public? Compare to the pamela anderson tape, which was with her husband, was literally /stolen from their home/, and was sold for profit. Judge ruled that there wasnt anythig they could do. Meanwhile, Thiel who was using hogan as a proxy has literally just demonstrated that you cant afford to post opinion pieces about tech billionaires and their occassionally delusional comments about how people should behave. Ues there is - hogan is a public figure who is involved in politics and has repeatedly announced his conservative/be faithful/young-people-have-loose-morals bullshit. Hence cheating on his wife was news, the public should have been informed, and unlike that fappening this wasnt stolen. And engadget and kotaku and most of the other tech related websites you probably read. Also its a good lesson to other sites to police content to ensure no one says anything bad about billionaires. Thank god for thiel protecting us from horrible things like censorship! They did have insurance, and when that became clear the claims were changed so that their insurancr wouldnt cover it. This is: you hit me with a car, i find out what your insurance covers, and then make sure that your insurance wont cover it. Its amazing how many people are coming to claim this is "100% awesome", but in another thread will say that reddit closing threads that share stolen nudes or preteen porn is censorship that should be illegal and is demonstrating the power of SJWs. Author seems to be mostly concerned by code loaded as a module being treated as strict 100% of the time. Literally every difference that they list is strict mode (and the usual misunderstanding of |this|) People keep trying to apply lexical scope for |this| when it is always the left hand of the function refernece expression, e.g. Lhs.foo() Lhs[foo]() And Foo() // where lhs is implied to be the scope object defining Foo The last one seems to be what makes everyone super confused, but it is logically: GetScopeWith("foo").foo() Strict mode changes /one/ thing about|this|: whether the value of |this| undergoes object coercion No. If your encryption is not busted then the entropy under /any/ model tends to perfect. If a model is able to predict with /any/ success then your crypto is probably broken. So yes, it is random, and 100 X's could appear in a row. But if your model can effectively compress that, then the model has to be wasting space for all the other sequences. Let's just imagine that you are doing some like basic run length coding (gif! Or jif if you're wrong :) ) So 100 x's turns into (100, x). So you've compressed that part of the stream. Unfortunately everything else is likely (1,a), etc so every other symbol/byte increases in size. If we look at the stream probabilities we get something like P(nX)=(P(X)^n) -- very rough I haven't been at uni for a long time :). You can do a bunch of reasonably simple math do verify it but you eventually end up with something that your average symbol size is sum{x in X}-log(P(x))/|X|. Where X is your set of possible symbols (n,x:X). For a given stream that is not encrypted you may save some space representing the input bytes, but each symbol (n,X) has at /least/ 1 extra bit of information. Overall you can save space. But let's look at the encrypted data. Each input symbol is independent so your probability of any sequence in the input is equal. You will typically have a run length of 1 (P=0.5), 2 (P=0.5), ... So 50% of your output symbols will have at least one extra bit of information /added/. This means your output by necessity is bigger than the input. I used RLE as an example here, but it's true for all compression schemes. This is a necessary property for compression to work: for any data that compresses by n% under a given model there must be some input that increases in size by n% (or some such, again, long time since uni). I believe Wikipedia has an article on the pigeon hole problem or some such that probably explains this better than I can. If there is structure in an encrypted file then the encryption is broken. It is mathematically indistinguishable from true random data. No compression algorithm can compress it. An additional point you need to consider: You can select different models and compression programs (and some programs do do this), but you have to record which one you use in your output. This again increases the size of the output - this means that even a no-op compression algorithm (say cat or cp :D ) results in output that is bigger (you need a initial byte to say you haven't tried to compress). I think the better approach to what you're claiming is for you to provide an example that is compressed. Just provide the input, the key, the encryption algorithm (AES-GCM for preference, but seriously AES-CBC would work to), and the compression algorithm. Ooh, the encryption comment I just made reminded me of an example of compression potentially working on encrypted content. AES-ECB mode will actually compress fairly well for some inputs (the canonical example being a bitmap image). The reason the compression can work? Because the crypto is broken. In the image case you can actually just visually (no maths or anything) see a large amount of the details of the source image. Success: compress.sh: #!/bin/bash echo "#!/bin/bash" echo curl $1 ./compress.sh https://mikeash.com/tmp/randomfile.bin > randomfile.compressedzomg :D /me hides \o/ :D This seems to largely be prostitution (both rent and sex have established value), bartering is ancient. In this case the password is hard coded in the firmware (and the web interface isn't aware of the telnet interface). They actually designed something where the password literally cannot be changed by the user :-/ Someone wrote an article a while back about why this is a stupid idea -- mostly things like "if I want to call so and so in Australia I would now need to find out what time of day in Australia is the time I consider to be evening" Computers already work in terms of utc (assuming correct code ;) ) -- this article is mostly "I know what time I'm in, why should I have to consider other people?" If we were to get rid of anything it should be DST as we aren't agrarian and there's no evidence that the modern "save power" claims are remotely accurate. But then again it's a politically cheap thing for politicians to change it "help the environment" and helping the environment is always good, right? :-/ wut :D (and i know this is a useless comment - my immediate response to the sentence was that :D ) I would suspect that they needed your credentials so that they could get around the activation lock so that they can sell your phone... Gonna guess all white dudes. ... not referring to the terribly named nz soccer team. webcams will. It's a person misreading syntax :-/ Uh, yes? These are known and common side effect and has been for years. How is it news? The headline is misleading as the type system is sound, but the general idea of generics is that the type bindings and constraints should result in a guarantee that there won't be any failing casts at runtime. And they're interpreting the failure to catch all detectable errors statically as a sign of unsoundness, which is not a correct assertion. The Java language's half-assed generics implementation works by type erasure - so everything is boxed to Object. Because of that erasure my guess is that they're not handling inner class type binding correctly (maybe they're not able to? I don't know their compiler internals - fundamentally it _should_ be possible). If anything i'd argue that this is a compiler bug. Anyway, the end result is a type safe (and entirely sound) runtime and language -- if it were not sound it would be possible to write code that _should_ trigger a type failure, either at compile or at runtime, but that doesn't. That is what it means to have an unsound type system, for example all C-derived languages have unsound type systems. Remember the Java has no guarantees of full static safety (the ability to downcast Object to anything ensures that they can never be fully statically typed), so as long as you're guaranteed the the runtime will never let an invalid cast or conversion happen its still correct. Another way of triggering this would be to use introspection to instantiate an instance of a generic class. Because the VM is unaware of generics you'll just get an Object interface through which you could trigger the same faults. Footnote: .NET actually gets generics right, it's not done through erasure but actual correct type bindings. The VM is itself aware of parametric types and instances of said types and so can statically verify the IL itself, so even if you make an unsafe language that targets .NET the VM would reject illformed/unsound IL, before running it: this is VM equivalent of a static failure: it's not waiting for a dynamic cast to fail at runtime. Not if done correctly -- for a JITted language the IL does not increase in size for generic types as the IL still only has a single version (with the type parameters). The JIT can share the code for the majority of Object/Reference instantiations (strictly it could share all object code if it put appropriate type metadata into the in memory class representation). For value types you do need different copies for the various sizes of type parameter, but even then your heap overhead is reduced because you no longer need to box every value. E.g. you no longer need to make an object to wrap an int. So i suspect on balance you reduce the total space requirements. It really depends at what level -- because the erasure is done at the language level rather than the VM you _have_ to have a pile of runtime casts, even when those casts are no-ops :-/ I agree it works, i just don't think it's as elegant :D Of course eventually everything is running on an untyped CPU and everything is just an integer so it's all erased in the end. Unless you have one of those silly mid-90s java cpus right? Or maybe a LISP-machine Java's type system is _sound_ as it guarantees that you will never use a variable of one type as another incompatible type. That is the soundness guarantee, it cannot get stronger than that as the langauge allows down casts, and those are fundamentally unverifiable at compile time. Therefore the soundness of the complete type system /must/ consider the runtime behaviour. This is literally a "the type system is unsound if we don't consider the required runtime semantics of the type system" paper. Even ignoring this, the example they give is something the the typesystem correctly rejects, but what they want is a compile time failure that should be possible. I would say the if anything this is a compiler bug. Actually shamsmall (in the thread) shows the it is a compiler bug, because their compiler does reject it any compile time. Do you have a spec reference for that (not trying to be a dick - i just want to understand what the type system believes it should be doing here as the value being assigned to a reference should not influence the type system behaviour) Just to further clarify, the existence (or not) an _explicit_ cast operator is not necessary to create an implicit cast that might fail. The dumbest case being due to the contra variant array semantics that say i can do this: Object[] foo = new String[10] foo[0] = new Integer(1) which is the type error, even if the reported error is something akin to a "array store error" or something (it's been a long time since i did java programming :D) omg, "3d models"!! VRML!!!!! Truly this is a wonder of the era Remember when you could browse the internet on a 56k modem? Can you imagine trying to do that today? "Here download 1meg of JS because i want to have a link, but didn't want to write " Oh, i'm 100% sure i complained about slow pages then as well, but otoh a delayed background didn't typically* block all the content. That said this wasn't really a comment about time to load the page back then, but rather the massive amount of data pulled for exactly the same content now. There's also things like Gmail, FB, etc that do a lot of things that fundamentally wouldn't be achievable then. But i still think that there's a lot of strictly unnecessary content pulled. Things that are logically needed given the way the code is written, but i feel a bunch is overwritten, and a bunch is for stuff that i don't personally need/want, so why ship that to anyone? ;) * Ok, ignoring bright yellow text on a white background until the swirly background image comes into existence. I guess the early internet was similar to those old "awful myspace page" competitions :D Repeats the standard "encourages diversity of opinion" message that is simply not true. The electoral college system undermines that as you only need minority support in the correct locations, and gives excessive weight to areas with lower populations. Areas with lower populations are inherently more homogeneous in terms of beliefs/political opinions etc (see the overwhelming majority of votes in one direction in states with lower population). That said, even the "gives smaller states a voice" is nonsense as the goal of geographic representation is explicitly provided by the senate. Seats in the senate are provided on a state basis, not a population basis. The _only_ portion of the US government that has any semblance of a democracy in the traditional sense is congress which is intended to be proportional to population size. However the ability for political parties to vigorously gerrymander kind of reduces that. More opinionated: A dual vote system: party vote + individual member vote does a good job of breaking gerrymandering and is also a provably more fair method of voting, but i'm sure that every elected official that benefits from it will push back against it because "the founders!" Uh no? A few days/weeks of rain aren't enough to recover from years of not having any. A long drought means that even when rain does subsequently fall it just runs back into the ocean - the ground is too dry and there aren't sufficient catchment areas to slow it down. CA needs months of the rain that we had for a single signle day. First to get the ground absorbing water again, and only then will aquifers and the like start seeing any recovery. This is all drought recovery 101 :-/ You are correct: resistant bacteria is not new. Resistance to /all/ antibiotics is. The problem is that this was resistance can spread to even relatively unrelated bacteria via horizontal gene transfer. This means that it is not unreasonable to expect an increasing number of such fatalities. The reason people are worried is that this literally puts us back to where we were 80 years ago, in which a cut could actually kill you. Obviously we've come a lot further in understand how contamination occurs, and how infections spread so i suspect that it won't be as bad overall (reduced amputation, faster correct response) but it won't be smooth sailing as usual. As a follow up, what do you suggest should be used instead? Explicit life time management? refcounting? ownership models? They all have problems (although the exact problems change) and/or require substantially different programming models. I know the root's comment wasn't actually useful. People who have decided they hate GC like this will always do so. Much like vim/emacs :D It was more a question of whether the commenter had any better solutions to propose. I was /really/ trying not to just be a dick and say "cool, so you work out how to do that without changing the language at all". :D It still does conservative root scanning for the stack. Hurrah for ABI compatibility! Not one of these matches my reason: Cold email for marketing is spam. But then maybe this is because i'm not famous? Do famous people not get spam, just real non-"liar" cold emails? Are there any power usage stats public yet? It also cost more than $6 for a single one way link. Why on earth would you ever take it when even an ordinary taxi is cheaper? FEE is a fairly biased and bigoted organization, but their argument /sounds/ plausible. It /sounds/ stupid that you should have to remove, or not publish, content just because deaf people can't read it. But the alternative is for the law to say that the ADA does not apply to deaf people. That is the /only/ way to stop this having to be pulled down. If that exception is made then there is no longer any reason for any government organization to support deaf or hard of hearing (UCB is huge, so the cost argument that applies here, also applies to any other government organization). Among other things, that means that the public education system would no longer need to support deaf children. The ADA exists specifically because before the ADA existed schools did exactly that, as did universities, etc Or they just recompile with 64bit support? The App developers -- assuming they aren't doing anything bizarre that should be trivial for the vast majority of applications. That said i'm unsure what would happen if they're using now-deprecated API -- i /suspect/ that would not effect the majority of these Apps, but I would not be surprised if some apps required a degree of work to update/move of old APIs. Ah schedules. I assume you don't use Bart regularly? ;) Any plan to add the allocators used in modern browsers? bmalloc (webkit), which ever tcmalloc variant chrome currently uses, the current firefox allocator, I have no idea if edge has an allocator that is not the default windows one? Quite aside from anything else, can someone explain whether or not the same logic would apply to (for example) asking someone to open a safe vs. the code to open the safe. It seems like this ruling would say that failing to open the safe is functionally the same? As a gratuitously distorted example, lets say i had cooked accounting books in a spreadsheet on my computer, and they were encrypted by a random password that /i/ do not know, but have on a memory stick in a safe. It seems that logically that would be equivalent, but i also am very much not a lawyer so am perfectly willing to accept i am missing nuance of the law. Outside of the law i don't like the forgone conclusion stuff - for example, revolution period you could say hanging out with revolutionaries regularly could reasonably conclude your documents include a calendar for revolutionary meetings so you should be required to provide that information and/or information required to receive that. Obviously that's some contorted logic but i don't think it's that far removed from this. I would argue that a hash match should be sufficient, and i would be convinced that (absent other information and details) this was evidence that he's a pedo, but i can see how a lawyer could create reasonable doubt where in reality there is none (specifically referring to hashes here, nothing else). Of course i can't serve on a jury (and apparently knowing what you're talking about may be disqualifying? :-/) So very tired of "less punctuation saves typing time" fluff here. If ()'s etc are really that much of your typing time I question what you're doing. Readability is a subjective concept but many of these "remove unnecessary parens" languages irk me because I would argue that they /do/ make code more readable (subjective!). A lot of the "unnecessary" syntax has never been necessary for a parser - it's there to make the code easier for /people/ to interact with. it also counts the benefits of static typing multiple times (seemingly not acknowledging that the earlier compiler errors are a by product of static typing not an addition to). It tries to make a reasonable argument about how errors are handled in JS vs Go, but instead of saying "JS uses exceptions for error handling, whereas Go uses explicit error return codes" it goes into a weird "coding style" ramble where it complains vehemently about stack unwinding, but ignores verbosity (that a few paragraphs earlier was the worst thing in the world) of explicit error handling. I think if the author hadn't tried to say this was a comparison, but instead said "reasons I like Go more than JS" I would not have had as much of a problem with this article. Thanks for the answer! :D I kind of wonder whether forestry engineering has it? as mgberlin says chemistry makes sense, process engineering also seems like it would make sense. But i /feel/ that larger scale (civil, etc) would not? I mean i kind of imagine civil, forestry, etc would be more portfolio driven? So this may be dumb, but as far as I can tell this is comparing a 64bit double to a different data type that uses many more bits -- the example implementation uses an additional 9 bytes (ignoring padding/alignment etc). Of course that has better precision - it has literally more than doubled the size of the representation. I am on phone (so actual code review will take time), but I'm not convinced that you can get rid of those extra bits. That said the absence of -0 is actually a problem for some math - you need it for some operations to come out correctly given that you are using a finitely bound representation. I'd love to see a clearer paper comparing precision, etc with equal size constraints. No, because they keep wanting to dig coal out of the ground? :-/ Here's the problem with saying include "age, sex, race, socio-economic..." as being /objective/ is that it literally repeats existing stereotypes and biases. There's plenty of evidence that there is a huge amount of bias due to race, being poor means you can't afford good lawyers, etc. So now what happens is the information hat feeds into the algorithm is going to be something like " currently receives longer sentences" leads it to just repeat the existing behaviour, but now it claims to be a machine and so unbiased, so judges defer to it. I feel that as a defendant i should be able to ask them to re-run the algorithm with a changed race and a changed zip code so we can get a comparison and measure of effective algorithmic bias. It doesn't seem like they even remotely controlled for different graduation/student sizes so of course the big public universities beat Ivy League. Not trying to denigrate those universities more just an observation of terrible link bait reporting. That said I wouldnt expect Harvard/Yale etc to be high up because their big cachet is business and law Magic! Cyber attacks use patched exploit to attack systems running out of date software, even in large enterprises handling sensitive data? I give a pass to individuals (bandwidth for updates can be expensive, regular users don't know about patch Tuesday etc), but enterprise scale deployment should have IT for this, and IT should have been well aware of this kind of thing happening. Javascriptcore (so all the webkits :) ) Bart delays probably won't be any longer than usual ;) The real problem with rent control is SFs /bizarre/ implementation: it's determined by the age of the house, not the financial position or age of the residents. I know multiple 20-30 year olds earning Bay Area tech salaries who have rent control. Which is insane. That headline seems very ambiguous :) One thing my wife learned and told me (she’s a biologist so actual science vs my CS background :) ) was actually fairly interesting and is apparently widely considered true among evolutionary biologists: If you are male of you are likely to carry genes from your father that produce a similar appearance to him. You will /also/ carry genes from your mother that prefer your appearance (your mother choose your father based on appearance). If you are female offspring you will inherit those same genes but won’t express the male appearance ones. You will still pass them on to your offspring. So you end up with a cycle where offspring look like/prefer the appearance of their parents, and will forward variants of those genes on to their own offspring. This is effectively a feedback loop that will carry on until limited by some other factor - eg if your tail is too long you may end up dying too quickly to mate, if it gets too small you may not be able to fly at all (some of the old pigeon breeds studied by Darwin are hilarious). This means that the selection for beauty does not necessarily mean that there’s an awareness of fitness being proxied by beauty. Once she had labouriously explained it to me it seemed really obvious. * note I used male/female etc for ease of typing - there are a few species where the role of being attractive is reversed Ugh, this is a real issue (twitter, or other "social" platforms) are all presidential communication platforms -- legislation shouldn't (i know, i know, ideal world, old man shouts at sky, etc) be special cased. It should be "all communication on any public platform should be archived, no matter the nature or location of the platform". Naming it the COVFEFE act trivializes what is a real issue (presidents should not have the ability to retroactively remove records of public statements). I few people have already commented on needing to properly isolate the memories, and how difficult it is, and a few others have said that’s better than nothing (and I agree replacing the officers who know which is the suspect in a line up with those who don’t is a basic but massive improvement). The problem is how easy /accidental/ compromise is, even if you’re trying to avoid it. Just imagine you reading back their testimony to verify it is correct and misspeaking, that is enough. That said the wonders of CSI, etc have gone a long way to over represent the fallibility of people and to over promise the capability of science/equipment/magic. #MakingGUIinVBtoBacktrackTheKillersIP My understanding is that (1) is you deliberately did something that killed someone but your intent was not to harm them, say you’re working on a car you mean to scare them by faking dropping the engine on them, but actually do drop the engine, vs (2) you’re working with your friend on a car and drop the engine without knowing that they’re under it. For (2) i believe that other things feed in to it - did you take sufficient caution, did you have reason to know there was someone there, were you following best practice, etc. If you did literally nothing wrong (eg a completely freak accident) I don’t believe manslaughter would apply IANAL though so don’t go dropping engines on people and blame me :) Given the number of ghost written publications shouldn't there be a slew of retractions? It's unethical, and generally a violation of journal rules to publish another's work listed with yourself as an author. Then there's a journal editor that they pay, who they worked with to get a paper retracted, surely that should result in a re-review of everything involved there as well? Has anyone done the work to determine which papers are involved and start the retraction notification process? Somehow I don’t see a guy who says that women “in general” aren’t as technically capable giving similar weighting’s to a woman who went to a women’s college to a man who went elsewhere. Same reason the doctor leaves the room when you take an X-ray. The issue isn’t one time exposure it’s repeated exposure. The issue with roundup isn’t whether it’s safe if you drink it (most “safe” cleaners, etc will at least make you feel crappy if you just drink them - he’ll copper sulphate spray used for low level onset protection would send you straight to hospital if you drank it). It’s a matter of cumulative exposure and time. Most cancers, even chemically induced ones take time to become large enough to be noticed and people get many different cancers naturally - if a small amount of roundup cause cancer immediately it would be gone already. Much like Uber I take issue with the unethical behaviour of Monsanto in multiple areas. Maybe roundup is safe and could be used as icing at a five year olds birthday, but they shouldn’t be ghost writing papers for journals. Also unethical is allowing someone to ghostwrite a paper for you and publishing it with your name. Review game of thrones ;) More seriously I think you need to realize that there are two “politics” in management: First there’s managing and interacting with your direct reports. This requires a different set of skills/interactions than the other more “politicy” element of managing interaction with other teams and higher ups. The latter effects and is effected by where you want your career to go. The first step for me was recognizing that these two roles are completely different. Ugh, I don’t have a problem with saying that you no longer want to broadcast details, but I don’t think you should get to park. I say this with a wife that they actively advocate murdering (it’s weird that everyone focuses just on the white supremacy and not the literal “we must kill the Jews” horror). So as much as I hate them and all those people that wish that the USA (and England, etc) lost ww2 I still don’t think you get to take over their domain. That’s not relevant to my point - these are awful people, but they should be free to state their beliefs. They shouldn’t be free to act on them. More importantly: it’s much better for everyone if we know who they are. I’d certainly feel better if I knew who was a direct risk for my wife. Honestly I wish there was a site that just enumerates Nazis in America. But at the same time I’d be worried about the converse: a site the tracks “antifa”. There are some awful people who would fall under the strict “member of antifa gang” style semantic, but the Nazis are labeling all non-Nazis as antifa. Given there’s at the very least a white supremicist as president I’d be concerned about giving carte Blanche privilege to label people like this. Everything is awful. I fucking hate those asshole “trump is better than Hilary because I don’t research anything other than some nd bite” people that put us in this position Appealing to authority isn't a valid argument. Brendan and I have had many discussions about the nature of threading in JS. The reality is that to get high performance in JS on modern (and future afaict) is that JS will need to have some lower cost threading mechanism than that provided by workers. If you read the article you'll see that there isn't any way to mismatch lock/unlock. The other massive footgun is the for whatever reason people insist on creating standard libraries that are not thread safe (collections, apparently bigint in java?). JS is never going to have completely undefined behavior, but non-determinism already exists. Is concurrent code easier to screw up than single thread? yes. Is that cost enough to discount the possibility of ever having threads? I don't know. The article goes one way, you clearly go the other. Uh, no shit? Seriously people seem to have a bizarre obsession with the idea of having “humans == pinnacle”. Evolution does not give a damn about any of this. Because it isn’t conscious, it simply a natural action that comes from the way the universe works. Evolution doesn’t mean things become more complex. It means the things that are better at having children survive. Literally nothing more than that. Truly :D This doesn't block advertising, it specifically blocks the cookies used to track users, even then it doesn't completely block them, it just partitions them off such that you can't correlate between multiple sites, and introduces a shorter time out so that an advertiser can't remember you for longer than is reasonable. People aren't unhappy that ads exist, they are unhappy that ads (and ad networks in general) run rough trod over their privacy, and track them everywhere that they go. Unless you believe that ads /only/ work if the advertiser knows your age, sex, religion, political affiliation, your living arrangements, your relationship with your family, .... I would argue that the current obsession with tracking users has not only violate our privacy but also made the ads worse. e.g. I once bought a washing machine over the internet. For about 6 months I continued to get ads offering me deals to apparently help me expand my new washing machine collection. It didn't matter what I was looking at, the sum total of what they got from all of the information they collected is that while looking at books I was secretly yearning for more washing machines. I'm not even saying people don't want to see ad, I'm saying that users don't want you tracking them across other sites. A user doesn't want site A knowing that they went to site B, and that is what tracking based ads appear to be to the user. In reality it's even worse because while sites A & B, which the user does trust, don't know it is in fact a separate business they've never seen or heard of that know about you visiting A and B. and also C, D, E.... right? I suspect someone has just made a bitcoin article generator. Have you ever looked at the accounts of women who /have/ reported it? If it actually goes to trial basically the defense finds every single thing you ever did and tries to portray you as a slut who was asking for it. If the person is famous people will say you’re lying and trying to get rich out of a settlement. You’re required to repeatedly go over every step of the assault whether it was harassment or rape. They ask if you orgasmed (because that means you wanted it), that your jeans were too tight for a rapist to remove them, you were partially responsible because you passed out (so it wasn’t rape), ... Then even if they do get found guilty they punishment may be insignificant (think Stanford rapist) And then there’s how you get penalized, irrespective of whether the person was found guilty * if you’re on social media you get harassed by the bigots on chan, Reddit, etc your name on google ends up publicizing the assault * if the person you’re accusing has power/influence you lose your career (which is why so many victims in film didn’t say anything about asshole guy). Tech has a similar problem - look at what happens to women who call out anything at tech conferences. The result of saying anything is typically catastrophic to the victim and frequently has little impact on the abuser. If you ever actually pay attention you can find out about the people women tell each other to avoid at cons or parties because they are known predators. Because doing it that way is less harmful or and damaging to your own life than going public. Right? Always bothered me “but they were drunk, it’s not their fault” That’s cool. I’ve been drunk before and haven’t ever raped anyone. The headline is a bit extreme in phrasing but every study I’ve seen found the legalizing sex work reduces sexual assault rates, and reduces abuse of sex workers (the ability of “pimps” etc to control prostitutes is precisely because sex workers can’t go to the police or an employment authority). I read the title as GOP and was incredibly confused :D That said, I'm curious about why they choose Mumbai (similar to @amiturk) - is it cable access, politics, land cost, ...? this isn't a code error -- it's a logic error. No amount of "safeness" in the language will save you from telling the language, without breaking the rules, from doing something that is "wrong". For instance: sudo rm -rf / Every part of that is completely sound and correct. There are no buffer overflows, emory corruption, or anything. You wrote a completely correct command to do something (probably) really wrong. I think the problem is that if you work a tech job for 5-10 years you are way out of the middle class. Middle class is generally 50-100k/year. 5-10 years of experience in tech should put you well past 100... Your idea of "saving money for when you quit" doesn't work for middle class as the amount you save is not enough for "living on ramen for a few years" -- it will likely not be enough to even pay rent. Per https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Household_income_in_the_United... If you were earning more than 100k you were in the top 7% (in 2014) More than 75k puts you in the top 13% or there abouts. Tech is wealthy I wish this could be hammered into the thick heads of congress: there is secure, and there is insecure. There is not a gradient. Right? Apparently police never solved crime before they were allowed full access to every aspect of your life. We change key size because what is secure in terms of key size is literally compute bound. Key strength changes because we predict when a key will /cease being secure/. That said most of the demands made by DoJ aren't for reduced key size, they're for variations of key /escrow/: literally breaking the security model of crypto entirely. So maybe I could be more specific: there is no such thing as an almost secure protocol. The key (ha!) result of this recognition is that all secure protocols have been moving to some variant of ephemeral keys. Specifically to deal with the problem of all static keys eventually becoming insecure. I had another comment, but in response to your Ed: comment: key size is not a measure of security. It is a measure of how /long/ we intend the key to be secure. More explicitly: Key size does not exist of the gradient of protocol security. We know how long a key takes to break given current technology and algorithms. We choose a key size to render the time to break infeasible against our prediction of state of the art some amount of time in the future. If there's a gradient, the gradient isn't "how secure it is", its "how long it will remain secure". Hence any policy that endeavours to control the "strength" of encryption through controls over key length is /necessarily/ requiring an insecure key size. It can be put this simply: How small must the key be to allow it to be "good enough" for the DoJ? Would they accept a continuous 5 years on a 10000 gpus? Noting of course that in 18-24 months that key size will now only require 2.5 years, then 1.25, 7 months, 3 months... Of course I'm sure 5 years and millions of dollars will be "unreasonable", so it would need to take less time, and cost less. No one came up with a better "solution" than escrow because there is not one. I've spent years of my life working on making it so people don't have to risk their information whenever it touches a computer. Key length is a measure of how long you want the key to be secure. Also note that we tried that once in the past: DES had a deliberately crippled key space. That was resulting in terrible security bugs only a few years ago. Apple never has your keys to store. That's kind of the point of end to end encryption. Note that on osx/ios that same e2e encryption protects credit card and password data. Saying company X should store their keys is the same as saying "Company X should paint a giant target on their servers that have to be weakly protected to appease requests from agency Y". The solution to unending breaches of user data is to not be able to decrypt it, that only way to achieve that is to never have the keys. A protocol is secure if, and only if, the fastest attack is an attack on the key itself. All of the recent crypto breaks (that not cause by prior key size restrictions req'd by gov agencies) have been protocol flaws, e.g. flaws in the protocol allowed you to derive the key without having to just explore the entire key space. Anything other than deriving the plaintext of encrypted data alone would mean the protocol was insecure. That said, I am coming to agree with you in terms of trying to explain to people who don't write crypto code that saying key size is gradient of security is probably the most sensible thing. I still disagree with you on the actual statement :D there has never been a point where they solved most crimes. The difference is now people just happen to be carrying more information with them in their pocket than they ever had before. This is standard behaviour I would expect in most languages that have implicit type conversions. The article seems to be willfully disregarding that. I can think of no language that would not produce either that string, a fault, or (on the outside) NaN. Java is doing a completely sensible thing here. That majority of operators are left associative, and that associativity is not dependent on the types involved. Very high level let's say the grammar is: Expr :- Expr + Primitive | Primitive Primitive :- Integer | String And then determining the type is always: type(Integer) = int type(String) = string type(Expr) = type(Primitive) or minimum_type(left, right) With the simple rule (in this case) minimum_type(left, right) if (left == right) return left; return string In java the type conversions are done as pass during compile time, doing something like this for (node in AST) if (type(node) != required type) replace node with type_conversion_node(node, required_type) But none of this is java specific -- all statically typed languages (with implicit conversion) would do this. Dynamically typed languages in general cannot do this (in practice you can do a degree of it with local inference, etc), but that just changes when the type check is done. [Edit, because the same confusion about static/dynamic/strong/weak typing is being made in multiple places. Strong typing: The language does not allow you to perform an operation on a type if that operation were invalid when applied to that type. In java (to make it explicit) I could do (int[])someUnrelatedObject - that cannot be statically verified but it will fault at run time, because it is strongly typed. The equivalent in C will happily go off into the weeds and destroy everything. Weak typing: A language does not guarantee that invalid operations will be prevented. For example C and C++ do have types, and they will disallow invalid uses, but there is no guard to prevent you from casting to an unrelated type. A more extreme example is some older languages that don't even disallow argument mismatches, etc. Static typing: the types in the code are static, specifically they do not change run-to-run. The types of fields, variables, etc in the source could be inferred, or explicit by the programmer, but they are all known before the code is ever run. So C, C++, Java, etc are statically typed. Mostly. Because of Java's boneheaded array sub typing behaviour Object array[]; array[0] = someObejct; can fail at runtime due to a dynamic type check. Dynamic typing: some or all expression types are not known until the code is run, everyone knows python, js, etc (getting tired running out of steam) So anyway, you can have: Strong/Dynamic: Python, JavaScript, ... Strong/Static: Haskell, etc Weak/Dynamic: Can't think of a good example here because tired :D Weak/Static: C And obviously there's a tonne of in-between C++: all of C, plus statically type safe casts, and dynamically type safe casts Objective-C: all of C, but the ObjC object system which lets you send arbitrary messages to arbitrary targets. But you don't have to have the correct parameter types... ... And this all ignores what caused this article in the first place: implicit type conversions. These do not effect the Strong/Weak description of the language if they are well defined, eg. people often complain about string promotion, but neglect to comment on someInt + someFloat promoting the int to a float, even though such a promotion can lose data. The distinction is purely a matter of "does the language allow you to perform an operation on a value of a type that is not compatible with that operation". One way to achieve that is the say it's completely illegal: throw an exception at runtime, fail to compile, etc another alternative is to implicit convert the type to something that is valid. Note that /converting/ a value changes the value being used. Compare that to the not type safe version where you literally ignore the type of the value being used. In the case of int + float it's the difference between converting the int to a float value, and just treating the bits of the integer as if they were the bits in a float. Many apologies about the awful writing, but it's late :D This has literally nothing to do with static typing. It is 100% due to implicit promotion (demotion?) of addition operands to string if either operand is a string. All static typing does is mean that the type check, and so decision to insert the conversion call is done at compile time. Dynamic typing just means that the type check and decision to insert the conversion is done at the point the + is evaluated. I remember years ago (when I was still active in browser dev) having to argue with people who wanted jquery to be embedded in the browser and/or be part of the DOM spec. I'd like to imagine that this kind of article would help people understand why browsers don't just do that and instead try to develop general APIs that enable frameworks to grow and evolve or simply be replaced as new dev models spring into being. Consider this: jQuery needed a bunch of DOM operations to be very fast and have certain behaviors (it's a long time ago, but iirc there were selectors, property apis, certain kinds of nodelist behaviour). Multiple webdevs proposed build jQuery APIs into the browser, so rather than making the underlying operations fast, we'd just have the critical path implemented natively inside the browser. While that would have solved some performance problems it would not have helped any other framework. By instead making those core functionality faster, and providing general APIs for the things jQuery needed, other frameworks could also make use of them. My hope is that by seeing these posts (which are honestly tending toward EoL notices) people will remember than no one library is ever likely to be permanent, and will stop asking for browser to just include the libraries internally. The trick I heard was to literally throttle the writes if you see repeated parallel writes or similar -- as row hammer depends on rapid writes that should be sufficient. But I also have no real idea how hardware actually works :) (magnets? how do they work?) no the google site has the actual white papers detailing the attacks. There are two different issues. 1. Intel only (so far) is related to prefetching privileged memory 2. More or less everyone: Speculatively executing code that has variable execution time. I believe SAB is being disabled, and apparently precision of performance.now() as well? (based on other comments) The problem isn't "it's not bought forward by that much relatively" in as much as you have an agreed timeline to have coordinated patches (e.g so one org doesn't push a fix before other orgs have). So if you have a bunch of orgs set up to do a release on day X, and then publish on X-[whatever] then you are effectively zero-daying. Is it super important in this case? shrug. But imagine for the sake of argument there was some undocumented cpu behaviour "if instruction x,y,z are executed in that order with these constants then catch fire", then having anyone pre-empt the agreed update time could be bad. the tight loop iteration used a shared array buffer to provide a high resolution timer, specifically to deal with the obvious fix of truncating precision of performance.now(). The reason for /further/ truncating performance.now() is that the relative cost in this attack means that you don't need as much precision as was needed for the original (page table? I think) attack. A SAB timer just needs to increment a counter in one thread and read it in the host thread and the granularity is however long it takes to get through a for-loop. it is effected by spectre, but not by the other. That's why they removed SharedArrayBuffer -- that's literally the only shared memory mechanism available to JS on the web. That only prevent reading over higher privilege (the meltdown vulnerability) it doesn't protect the arbitrary user land reads from spectre. it isn't. There have been a few PoC referenced on twitter, and the spectre paper itself reference a PoC in browser hosted javascript (e.g. random ad can scan memory ) it's obviously not a free + zero time activity, but I'm going to assume someone making an ad to scan memory isn't super concerned about end user cpu usage or battery life.. The masking is done in addition to bounds checks, not instead of, so no it isn’t adding a mechanism to write out of bounds - the masking is purely to limit the upper bounds of speculative load distance. As far as the attack: writing to memory pulls the effected page into the cache just as a read does Cmov can speculate as well (it makes sense from a performance standpoint but that isn’t the same as secure ;) ) There are times I would prefer the reverse :) But I guess that just means going to prop departments in film studios? So the articles says that they can take tips if they pay the minimum wage -- given the minimum wage for jobs that traditionally have a significant tip component is typically much lower than the "minimum wage" (because it's made up in tips, right?), does this mean that they're referring to the non-tip minimum wage? Screw non English speakers right? English is not anywhere near the most common language, and plenty of “Latin” languages require accents that are provided by Unicode. Compare él to el in Spanish one means he (iirc) the other means “the” - he-man.com and the-man.com are probably going to be different. The reason for annual flu vaccinations isn’t because we can’t make vaccines, it’s because the flu virus mutates quickly and the mutations are sufficient to make all existing “knowledge” in the immune system not see it. The average annual flu vaccine actually includes markers for two to three different strains that are /estimated/ to be the ones that are likely to take off each year. The reason for this years flu being so bad is that they got it wrong. As far as general immunity, that’s unlikely: immunity basically isn’t inherited - “inherited” immunity is generally derived from the mother’s immune system through milk and some of the microbiome picked up by the baby during birth. Generally gene editing is unlikely to allow magic vaccines to be built in to your dna. These days the primary problem in creating vaccines is first finding a set of markers that are sufficiently stable to make it unlikely that they can be trivially mutated away, that also doesn’t match any markers people have on their own cells (otherwise you’d just create an injected autoimmune disorder), and also can be packaged so that trains the immune system correctly. This is literally the exact argument people made when only supporting IE6 (and remember at that point in history IE was arguably the best browser, warts and all) Minor nit - inside a given compile object (library, framework, main executable) with PIC all accesses are performed using a pc relative address not a table lookup. The performance impact should be no where near 10%. In fact on arm pc relative addresses are /faster/ as loading an absolute address requires multiple instructions (if nothing else it hurts the icache). More seriously the use of a offset table is an implementation detail. On macOS at least dyld directly patches the majority of cross-object calls and accesses through stubs, either converting access to a direct absolute address or a assembly stub that tail calls to the correct place. (Very much a generalization here :) ) So yes if your code is extremely heavily limited by call and load overhead from accessing another library you’ll see a real perf impact. But at that point you should be asking why you’re calling such a lightweight function so much that the call overhead itself is a problem. Blockbuster was controlled by a fairly conservative group that deliberately chose not to carry porn. They even made that awful stripper movie (versayth anyone?) “sfw ” by using cutting edge CGI to add little triangle bras, apparently costing more than the original movie. Which I think they had to pull because that made it copyright infringement :) Yeah if I ever went to a non public “paid in stock” I would pay a lawyer to ensure my contract let me cash out whenever I wanted, and couldn’t be diluted, and didn’t have lower payout priority. I'll happily take payment in cash if you don't think that I'm worth paying in actual stock with actual value. If you're paying in stock with the argument that I'm buying into the company, then I should be able to realize that income. If you're paying in stock without actually saying I can cash out that stock why would I accept being underpaid. If you are an engineer that takes a salary+stock comp where the company gets to choose the value of "stock" -- is it salable, is it zero-value until we've repaid our creditors is being foolish. If a company is not willing to guarantee your ability to cash out they are /explicitly/ stating that the stock part of your salary is worth zero. If that's their claim I would expect a salary >200k to compensate. You mistake what I'm saying -- I'm not saying "my lawyer writes the contract" I'm saying that for a non-public startup I would want to have a lawyer ensure that my contract allowed me to exercise the stock grants the company claims to be offering. I am following that with the simple "if they aren't willing to sign such a contract, neither am I". I have no expectation of forcing a company into a contract they disagree with, I'm saying that if I sign a contract with such a startup it's going to give me a reasonably predictable income. That means either a real and competitive salary, or an ability to exercise the "stock compensation". I'm not going to subsidize someone else. True, I didn't mean to discount other issues, My wife is the actual scientist, I just write code :D (she actually understands all of this, so take my entire commentary as being a CS major interpreting a molecular biologist - I'm an idiot, my wife is amazing :D) I'll happily take an actual competitive salary instead of stock if you're not willing to grant me an ability to sell or exchange stock. I believe they solved the problem of never renting from them again :D (too soon? :D ) I don't really consider 32bit builds to be something that you should be considering these days -- you should really be building x86-64 at this point. iOS is 64-bit only, macOS is warning devs about 32bit compiles, I refuse to believe that windows is still pushing 32bit. I can't imagine building linux 32bit at this point -- seriously, why would you throw away that perf? This is the kind of thing I expected after they started the “don’t be terrible” policy following dbag looking for dead people. I think the better option would be to allow advertisers to have an ability to blacklist certain channels completely. But given the quality of web ads maybe that would not be sufficient? I assume they now have a policy banning “how to make a bomb in 3 easy steps” but the phrasing of the rule necessarily captures “I made gunpowder at home to do science” The real problem is that everything is so concentrated - YouTube blocking something functionally censors it completely. On the other hand 20 years ago such a channel couldn't even really exist. It would be more feasible if people were willing to pay for things like this, and that setting up such a payment system would be viable (yes I know that was what bitcoin was ostensibly meant to do) Alternatively I wrote this but decided it was too snarky but I don’t want to delete it: This is American dammit, we need to protect children from dangerous things like how to make gunpowder, kinder surprises, science, etc. Otherwise when will they find the time to play with their guns? I think the comment was more along the lines of “did they block it because it purports to be education for children but it’s actually propaganda” which was last year’s “YT is evil” story :D that's clearly silly. the correct thing to do is tether all of the accursed things to the conference room table :D My old essay folder? What is the response you’d have that isn’t jail time? I’m genuinely curious So they’re slaves? They have no bathroom, and therefore must forever clean up the city without being paid. Because they’re not being paid they /still/ can not afford a place to live, so still have no bathroom, so they end up with permanent community service. Cool beans. There are a few bathrooms in heavily touristed areas of the city, but that's far from most of the city. The guarded bathrooms are essentially for drunk people and tourists. Homeless people are pretty much screwed. interstate to where though? For the sake of argument say an interstate is $20 (I assume it's actually more). Do you choose to spend it on a bus to somewhere you've never been, and without anyone you know, or on a meal? Seriously curious as to what the response is? SF has a slew of problems w.r.t housing costs, but in general every study has shown that it's much cheaper overall to provide housing and/or money to people than paying for assistance. Instead we waste money out of the fear of giving money to people who don't try to stop relying on that money. I think the problem is that somehow we've reached the point where republican/democrat, liberal/conservative, has come to be the difference in the answer to "should [insert minority] be treated equally". Not fiscal, foreign, etc policy. Not religion. The act of saying "you should not be able to fire someone just because they are [minority X]" has somehow become "divisive" or discriminatory. There are plenty of things you can argue about (I mean my view is /obviously/ right ;) ) but I think at some point people have decided that specific classes of people should have fewer rights than others, and I'm hard pressed to say how that is valid in an objective sense. uhhh... You literally made the point of the article. Specifically claiming aggression is part of the "masculine psyche". Seriously, w. t. f. I'm a man, and I know many other people who are men (I have male friends even), and yet I've never decided my identity is tied up in aggression or violence. Nor have I felt I am owed women (or I guess men assuming equivalent personality issues in gay men). Worst case scenario the missile blows up on launch leveling the surroundings before the enemy missiles arrive, thus stealing the sense of achievement from them ;) Errr, Eistein fully accepted (as did most others fairly quickly) that quantum mechanics was real -- in fact the duality of wave + particle for photons was something he developed (as part of his developing the theory that explained the photoelectric effect). The "does not play dice" was mostly with regard to Heisenberg, in which he was determined to find a way to avoid the predicted lack of predictability of the future. The importance of quantum computers is not the absolute clock speed, but rather the ability to reduce previously exponential problems into sub exponential complexity. For example take the classic attacks on DLP -- instead of essentially manually factoring the keys we can create a program (Shor's algorithm, etc) that essentially treats the problem of factoring as the task of determining the base frequencies of the key when treating the public component as a wave (at least as I understand it). On an ideal quantum computer that task should be polynomial complexity, although there's still some (hopefully small) probability of error, but basically you just repeat many times and use a classical computer to verify the solution. Ok, so the fundamental issue the blog references is "women who worked with Erdos are significantly more likely to be tagged for early deletion", that statement is backed up by the actual stats. So the question is, what is the cause for this discrepancy? It is possible that the women who worked with Erdos were much more likely to be irrelevant than the men -- by a factor of 4 -- in which case this would be reasonable. The alternative (her claim) is that they were marked for deletion because other editors default to assume that women are less relevant than men, unless proved otherwise. My question is: are the people who are tagging these articles for deletion field experts -- mathematicians or whatever -- who can actually understand the relative importance of individuals, or are they running through a checklist? If they're just running through a checklist does their checklist just reinforce old stereotypes? For example, old newspapers would not bother interview women engineers, scientists, etc, and even if they were historically women were absolutely kept out of those fields, so even if interviews were random, statistics would ensure low public visibility. Hence relying on the existence of published biographies is not sufficient, and is arguably less relevant than the Erdos number. Does it treat an Erdos number as being proof of importance in some cases, but not in others? If your default view is men are real mathematicians, and women are not, it is easy to interpret a low Erdos number as evidence of importance (it confirms your belief of relevance), but if you start out with the converse -- this person isn't relevant or important -- then it's just trivia. Cool, so have you gone through and deleted all the articles about individual software engineers? Because I know of numerous. What is your definition of "notable"? I assume if you can produce stats you have objective criteria? Have you deleted "local hero" articles? What is the criteria for relevance? I recall there being numerous studies in the past demonstrating articles about important events and people in non-western environments being deleted. To clarify trustico disclosed private keys to an entity other than the owner of the key, which automatically starts a 24 hour countdown for the CA. regardless of who discloses the private key, a CA is required to revoke any keys that they learn have been compromised within 24 hours. CAs have been reprimanded in the past for failing to do so. The only ambiguity is the initial request to revoke by trustico - essentially for a CA the question is whether trustico is the agent for the certificatesTo clarify they disclosed private keys to an entity other than the owner of the key, which automatically starts a 24 hour countdown for the CA. The only ambiguity here is whether a reseller like trustico gets to decide to revoke certificates that they sold or whether the end users are the owner and so are the only people who can request revocation without proof of key compromise. From the point of view of the CA the initial “revoke all these certs “ email could have been any random person on the internet collecting public certificates, and then telling the CA to revoke them. The communication that needlessly included the private keys was equivalent to someone trawling github or what have you, then reporting all private keys that they found to the appropriate CA. It doesn’t matter how someone proves access to the private key, and it doesn’t matter who demonstrates it, all that matters is that someone said “here is evidence this key is no longer under complete control by its owner”. At that point a CA must revoke and no one gets to stop that. Or more realistically arbitrary people trying to get access to passwords and cc info. Ugh having an explicit bit prior to the decimal was a mistake intel made in x87 - it introduces a pile of horror as there end up being multiple representations of the vast majority of numbers, which means you have to normalize prior to any comparison operation, or accept the your comparisons may be wrong The explicit leading bit directly halves the space of addressable bits (which is how you get space for multiple representations) If you want insight to how awful this is, x87 has pseudo infinities, pseudo /nans/, unnormal values, and pseudo denormals The solution intel eventually took was to recognize that the leading bit was useless but require it to be as though it were implicit and treat any case where that is wrong as being invalid. So yes you do want a format that requires normalization, because the alternative is one that requires normalization anyway, but is also insane for any kind of comparison, and wastes precision needlessly. 3. Correct there are not 255 possibilities, it’s closer to 50 - I have no paper to work it out on right now. This is because the desire to “not require normalization” is not a good idea. 4. To implement compare quickly you can probably short circuit by first checking that the values are normalized, and normalizing them if not. From a hardware point of view you just added two registers for compare, in addition to the logic for normalizing. For hardware it is probably cheaper to unconditionally normalize. All math operations will also need to normalize inputs first because otherwise you throw away precision for no reason. For similar reasons all outputs will need to be normalized anyway. Again, given this why would you choose to not just have an implied leading bit? 5. Uh yeah what? If you’re making dedicated hardware you could randomize the bit ordering that’s what making hardware is all about ;) Ieee 754-2008 defines decimal floating point with sound specifications for rounding and arithmetic. It’s provided in most higher level environments these days (java, .net - where I think it might even be a vm primitive?) I still question the value of it but it does allow “perfect” representation of values common in decimal systems. But by the same token it can’t represent everything in all other bases. Shrug. Super dumb question: why not just use a queue, and visit the objects iteratively? Eg each visited object appends/prepends its children to the queue of objects to visit, and you just repeatedly drain until you have an empty list. That’s what I had to do many years ago for the GC I was working on. Then any special cases (like the cons case referenced elsewhere) just becomes performance optimization rather than “don’t crash” correctness I rewrote the JSC parser to be mostly iterative many years ago - for a “real” language making an iterative parser that is readable is incredibly challenging. Especially in something like js where an expression could actually contain a statement. The current state is “as iterative as is sanely understandable” and handles all real (and some insane) programs fine. I suspect similar is true for other production hand written parsers. Your alternative is table based parsers which can only reasonably be implemented with generators. The problem is that table based parsers are slower than hand rolled recursive descent parser by a fairl large margin, and general purpose generators (bison, yacc , etc) tend to have difficulty with the quirky syntax of large languages. Note there have been a number of papers over the years that demonstrated 2x perf improvements in yacc/bison by switching from indexed state transitions to computed go to, but even that leaves them slower than hand rolled. I wrote an implementation of Haskell on .net many years ago that essentially did something similar for deeply recursive code - basically catch stack overflow, and then spawn a new thread and continue execution on that. This infinit stack space :) Royalty is literally defined by marrying into your own family — essentially all royal families in Europe are a single large family with varying degrees of chin and haemophilia :) out of curiosity how do you dox a public brand with a PR number and public address? Don't conflate publishing individual's private information with posting public relationships. It is grossly unfair to the victims of actual doxxing and subsequent harassment to claim that this is equivalent. Don't forget the YT suggestion of "next up:" which seems to use the Star Wars algorithm for determining the ordering of episodes Gay frogs :D (although they claim this is a government plot, rather than the US gov refusing to ban use of certain chemicals at the behest of farmers) Ok, so has anyone done blind testing of this? Because "forensic science" is already full of snake oil and deliberately ignored bad science. Is this any different? He's one of the "few experts", is that because this science is new? or is it because it's not science? actually the vaccine doesn't -- the standard HPV vaccine in the US for instance is not effective for the strains of HPV common in black people. You're right -- but every single study has shown that teaching sex ed properly (covering safe sex, how STDs actually transmit rather than fear mongering) is the most reliable way of reducing STDs, unwanted pregnancy, abortions (largely due to the reduction in unwanted pregnancy), sex abuse, ... The policy of "teach abstinence" fails people much more so than vaccinating against a single vector. The kicker of course is that if you set the date to something in the future you may have a pile of other services fail before your code is run — Basically any /other/ services that happen over TLS may fail (correctly as their certs have expired ;) ). I love these machines they’re so much fun to watch (for me at least they’re still in “how on earth did someone work out how to make this?” Part of my brain) I recall someone publishing something similar a few years ago - I wonder how this compares? This isn’t the first time JS libraries get in the way of improving JS. Do you know why the arguments object doesn’t even get to have the array prototype? A bunch of js libraries - I can’t remember which anymore - detected arguments vs array by looking for .shift and .map or similar on an object and change there behavior accordingly - net result: a large number of major sites stopped working. Similar for nodelist IIRC They’re correct - if you make a library that is popular enough, and it has (and depends on) some absurd addition to a native object it effectively blocks using that name on the object. It becomes bad when the library checks for an existing implementation of that function, and then assumes compatible semantics While I am aware of the amount of money I “waste” (whatever that means) I feel this article doesn’t actually tell us what these two started with. If I only paid my mortgage and utilities, no longer had a dog walker, and spent only $30 a week on food (I know this must be possible, I was a student once :) ) I could save for 10 years and I’m still fairly sure I wouldn’t have save nearly enough to retire Cool, go back and tell the library authors to stop putting bullshit on native objects, or get them to put namespace prefixes when they do. Don’t blame TC39 for doing their jobs: not breaking existing content. Blame the authors of the frameworks that force js into a terrible corner It’s important to remember that it is much easier to get property to build on in other countries. In China (which you cite) you don’t get a choice at all - your property is sold for whatever amount the appropriate gov agency believes it is worth. The article says buying land for the track is a significant problem - I will happily bet that they are not paying the pre-rail market value of that land. Lots of work went into making the perf of for(of) fast - after the initial “make it semantically correct” bits. There are many reasons it is faster, but it also has the nice property of working sensibly on any iterable object rather than forEach that only iterates by index, and has an annoying ‘if (index in object)’ in the loop. Basically conservative group made a fake company so they could record former employees (and break the law by not informing them) talking Ng about their old jobs. They send took them to bars specifically to get around the law that says you can’t record someone without consent. And apparently also made fake romantic interests to get them on dates in public places so again they could record them. They did this to “prove” that Twitter is targeting conservatives for silencing. Rather than asking “why does being conservative require attacking minorities?” The people getting silenced on a privately owned platform are the ones who are saying group X should not be allowed to have any rights/exist/not be assaulted. It's not a "being racist" it's saying "lgbt people are pesos who should be beaten", "jews are in control of everything (they're not) and should be kicked out of the country". Being generically racist is clearly ok on all these platforms, its saying whole groups should not be treated as humans that seems to be the bar. Liberal bigots tend to censor out their public statements somewhat more -- I don't believe this is an intelligence thing in as much as a learned culture, similar to the whole "being called racist is worse than being racist". But yeah there are all sorts of double standards -- take youtube's nazis are ok, the muslim equivalent isn't, etc etc That said the issue of censorship is always irksome to me, even if it is on private platforms, specifically how are the rules set, how do you avoid forcing stagnation... TLDR from the preprint: The hypothesis was that if publishers did anything meaningful there would be a significant difference between the preprint and published versions of a paper. There were not. Electronic control - it’s not a direct physical connection anymore. Follow on for mechanics/mechanical engineers: if the accelerator is down and you’re already moving, can the brakes stop a car? It seems like you’d either not stop or “break” abs and force the wheels to lock which is also bad at speed... I assume the entire ECU, that said maybe they treated it as stolen and triggered a remote stop through an anti theft mechanism? Because even today there are sites that serve different content on https vs. http -- basically they reserve https for payment and the like. Doing https first would mean those sites were broken. You don’t really need a cache flush - you just blow out the caches manually. Which is conveniently straight line code that modern jits are really good at optimizing :) No the fix for meltdown is to essentially force a tlb flush (as Linux is doing). Note that only resolves is reading kernel memory, it doesn’t resolve Spectre. That basically requires browsers to be super sure about their bounds checking logic. I don’t know what other engines did, but in JSC all indexing operations are now essentially: If (idx Where each indexable object stores a length mask that is essentially the next power of two up from the length. It takes up space on every object (a word for the mask) reuquired removing butterflies and had a significant perf impact :-/ I’m 100% sure @pizlonator will say I have completely bollocksed up this description :) Ludicrous injunctions! Tasmanian tiger is still one I’m sad about. The video of the last one in a zoo makes me so sad :( New Zealand also has some horrifying stories (the last group of a thought to be extinct bird was killed by a lighthouse owners cat after he’d sent one to be identified. I hate cats.) Needs to be retitled- this isn’t about cigar/gun/beer communities - it states in the first paragraph that it applies to the /sale/ of those items. The difference I think is consent - the Obama campaign had an “app” that said what it would do, and by all accounts did the right things when you disabled or deleted it. In this case the app was purported to do one(create your own psychological profile or some such nonsense) but instead stored and used the data for unrelated purposes (campaign targeting, pretty clearly unrelated to the stated purpose). We can go on and on about “people should know that they’re the product”, but that only goes so far - you can explicitly say “this is what we’re doing with your data” and then do something else. If you’re looking at MV,MP, etc you’re pretty much requiring married people - it generally takes two highly paid people working full time to afford a house down there, and those cities are vehemently opposed to adding any housing. Similar for Cupertino - especially given the school district. Seriously you just have to work on it - dating post college is much more work (for all genders and orientations) - like multiple dates a week for months to find someone you click with. That’s just part of life. I think (from over hearing conversations) many people do have difficulty talking about non-work things. Shrug Yeah but you have to be able to afford the lawsuit in the first place - similar to patent trolls a lot are relying on it not being affordable to do anything to them. And a bunch are naive teenagers who just don’t know that they should be disclosing it. Physical ram is different from virtual address space — the larger address space lets you map in large files (>3 gig). The ISA for aarch64 is also somewhat cleaner than armv7/thumb, etc. Also while I can’t speak for low end isa implementations the high end ones are all substantially faster than the old 33bit archs. Both reference microarchs from arm itself and the custom designed ones. 32bit I mean. I’m fairly certain no one has made a 33bit arm variant yet :) So vending HIV status is a straight up HIPAA violation, I'm fairly sure that's been found to be the case over and over again -- it doesn't matter what your business is, health information is covered by HIPAA. That's 250k per violation fine, and leaking status positive or negative is a violation. And every person, and every time they pass that information to every "partner" is a distinct violation. Yes I can believe this - even though as other people mention the study seems poorly designed. That said I literally just use Instagram for dogs and nothing else. So it’s just a source of joy :) For instance it could be the result of ptsd from being in Iraq. Or Vietnam. Or Afghanistan. Where is the support for veterans? It could be mental health - if you can’t afford healthcare you may not be able keep a job. Once you don’t have a job you very quickly end up homeless. Now you don’t have a home, how do you possibly get treatment or a job? Eventually you are arrested and go to jail, where you can get treatment but now you’re an excon so can’t get a job so end up homeless without treatment. You were kicked out of your home when you came out as a teenager - you’re homeless, may not have even finished school, and many jobs these days have minimum age rules. So now you’re stuck unless you’re one of the lucky few who manages to get support and a home before drugs and alcohol become the only “escape” Same as above but you’re a kid abused by a family member, foster family, ... Note how all of these paths eventually put you in a position where you cannot escape homelessness. You cannot get healthcare or a job without somewhere to live unless you’re very lucky. So instead you end up cycling through prison, which in just a small amount of time costs much more than covering the cost of housing in the first place. As NDT said I use it for watching dog pictures (and inflicting my terrible dog photography upon the internet :D ) How does windows alt tab differ from cmd tab? (Mostly out of curiosity) I continue to be amazed that in spite of everything that has happened there is still a company that is operating... Shockingly another industry that pushes against regulation immediately tries to regulate any competitors. I wish regulatory agencies would start using these demands for regulation as evidence that the relevant industries do value, and want regulation. I am also 40% or so fluent in Swedish >50% in Spanish, and similar for Portuguese and Korean. I have come to the conclusion that people in those countries are either very dumb and have little to talk about, or these numbers aren’t really correct. I’m not sure which it is yet ;) Errr how is usps a monopoly? There a multiple very large companies doing exactly the same thing, who don’t also have to deliver anything below cost, and who get to keep all the money that they do make... It isn’t the job of usps (or ups, fedex, dhl, ...) to do customs checks (in fact as an arm of the government usps is much more constrained than any private company would be in this regard), the job of prevent drugs/counterfeits in is customs and border control. I suspect that if there is any reason for usps being favored it’s that the us government signed a treaty that means usps has no choice but to accept mail at below cost. The canvas tag (and canvas APIs) were first developed/shipped by Apple in tiger (so more than a decade ago) so yes, it has existed for quite a while :) SVN is still perfectly acceptable for many users and developers. Yes git may be superior for x, y, and z, but if you have a bunch of infrastructure set up around svn then you have to weigh the “benefits” of git over the cost of migration. I know for many purposes git’s lack of monotonically increasing version numbers makes tasks that are trivial in svn much harder. To the extent that many projects are investigating commit hooks that literally modify commit data to include a revision number. Let’s be clear here though: I am not saying git is bad. What I’m saying is that git may not be a trivial switch, or superior feature set, for everyone out there. That said - it’s always amazing to see anyone still using sourceforge (or that it still exists) precisely because of things like this, or the malware injection they were doing a few years ago, etc Hyperbolic title (in the original article, link title just copies that) They improved upon the enzyme isolated from a Japanese bacteria that was found to degrade PET. It was interesting to me that plastic bottle “recycling” is just shredding and using for things like carpet :-/ The article is inventing the claimed problem (usage is declining due to complexity of setup) because they are selling a tool that “solves” that complexity. The article is (and should be labeled as) hyperbolic sales pitch. This isn’t to say containers are “easy” and we wouldn’t benefit from better tooling, just that this particular article is a sales pitch rather than an unbiased informative article. The problem isn’t “what branch was this built from” - it’s a whole raft of other issues in tooling and workflow that are built around svn and/or incrementing revision numbers. Clearly simple incrementing revision identifiers are an important tool given large projects like blink are apparently investigating having commit hooks add revision numbers. The other thing (probably the bit that is causing downvotes) is that you appear to be simply ignoring that the advantages (if they’re even relevant to a given project) of git are simply not sufficient to justify the work involved in migrating from svn. It also kind of incentivizes the alternative as well: if you aren’t an amazing surgeon, you could work to ensure you exclusively work on “hard” cases you can claim all failures are due to patient difficulty rather than lack of competence (at least competence to deal with that difficulty). Then you can dismiss any claims you’re incompetent with “I have a high mortality rate because I’m willing to risk my reputation to save people who have been abandoned”... The problem I suspect is that a are real company (eg incorporated legal presence - not dismissing other companies, just distinguishing them as things that have government identity), and so must abide by the laws set by their host country (USA), and the policies of banking corps, etc that they interact with. Assuming they need a bank (liquidity, etc) they need to follow their bank’s rules. Given all us banks hammering WL it would be unsurprising if they were pressured to do that. That said I despise Wikileaks for a number of reasons, but don’t feel like starting the firestorm that is arguing about them in a comment forum :) But is it using smart contracts to innovate and disrupt (I’ve lost track of whether disrupting is still hot) See police can be protected by body cams! That said there still seem to be a reasonable number of cases where body cams coincidentally don’t record events where they’re accused of misbehaving :-/ It is, just (for a variety of reasons) not super profitable in the US. But there’s also scale, etc involved - Fonterra is cumulatively a huge dairy producer so has significant pricing power. Also as far as I can make out (moved from nz to the us many many years ago) farming in the US seems to be much less efficient - the mere existence of subsidies speaks to that. (Minor edit: I did a quick google to make sure I was still right about the above statements, and per Wikipedia - so 100% accurate - NZ is the only developed nation with no subsidies or price rules on agriculture, and Fonterra alone is responsible for 30% of global dairy exports) Fonterra is a co op - you are literally buying from the farmers as directly as is sane. Seriously I wish people would stop just going “you should just have Uber for X” every time they hear about something that isn’t advertised as “Uber for X” The alternative (directly dealing with numerous separate farmers) and then finding a company to do the transport and processing would be stupidly inefficient. The "low impact" sheep farming clearing millions of acres of forest. But yeah it does seem like the Canterbury authorities especially have been terrible at actually enforcing environmental laws (based on stuff.co.nz -- the best reporting and editing in the world :) ). Oh yeah -- I'm not saying it doesn't make sense, just that it wasn't something I ever thought about/understood. Kind in that weird "plastic melts so you can just melt it down and remold it, right?" mindset. Even though I do know that you can't do that for all plastics. That said, what happens if you grind up + compress + heat those plastics? (it sounds like you understand this better than I do) Varroa are the big problem for /honey bees/. Honey bees are not the most significant pollinators (they’re technically fairly innefficient pollinators compared to other bees - bumble, carpenter etc) The vast majority of pollination is via non-bee insects, but just reducing the destruction of wild bees will help at least. As for mite treatment you may want to look into oxalic acid, although it’s not technically approved for use in hives (despite being less harmful than regular mite pads) There are actually a few such programs going on in America. I’m aware of strains where the bees bite off the limbs of mites, and some that are more aggressive towards them. There is at least want breeder that has managed to get queens that seem to result in mite free hives (Edit to clarify: resistance to mites isn’t really the problem - the problem is that the mites are very effective at spread more or less all viruses that harm bees, and the feed on the larvae just for good measure. Basically you want bees that actively fight infestation so that they don’t have to become resistant to every single disease) I am unclear on this - it looks like it operates 1 but at a time, so if I have a sequence of encrypted bits I can do freq analysis. Clearly that is not the case, so what bone headed misunderstanding am I making? In california at least oxalic acid is not allowed, so you can only use the formic pads/strips. That said oxalic acid is "wood bleach" and i have heard multiple tales of keeper "cleaning their frames in situ" Oh boo, varroa got to NZ? :( No. Literally any non citizen (or person ice decides is not one) can be held indefinitely without having a lawyer. It sounds like I’m this case the sales person said an incorrect price (either on accident or deliberate sales person scummy behavior), so this does seem completely reasonable and good? The alternative seems worse I recall somes states are [going to?] simply making any forced arbitration clauses unenforceable (much like no compete clauses in California) Many reasons - there are plenty of quacks who already con people - people who do actually believe their product works, but it doesn’t - things that may work but also may kill you (remember that drug trial in London a few years ago that had got through all pre-human trials without a problem?) - placebo is real, and the pre-approval access ideas generally are a pay-to-play concept, and I’m not sure people would want to pay for a blinded treatment - people talking about these trials always seem to say “once basic safety tests are done”, but phase 1 and 2 are the basic safety tests. Phase 3 require enough people that drug companies are often actively working to find participants. The real problem here is that universities etc keep posting hyperbolic articles saying “we have found something that may cure X”, with the rider for studies and fda approval are necessary. Laypeople interpret that as meaning the fda approval is preventing them from accepting patients for approval, when typically the component in question is not remotely close to a treatment: - it’s just binding to a target invitro. -There’s no information on what happens one it has bound. - there’s no evidence it can even get to the target invivo anyway - animal trials are only advisory. There have been many super effective drugs and vaccines that have no effect in humans - can the get past the immune system? Will the immune response kill a person - I’ve seen articles about compounds that would (and turn out to be) toxic Etc etc But all a patient sees is the “may cure X” bit and so demands a right to use the drug. That’s why these things are a bad idea I very much doubt that China is unique in this. Overdiagnosis of autism seems to be a very American thing - basically getting support (financial or educational) is highly dependent on specific diagnosis, so previously someone with delayed learning would have been recognized as delayed learning, but now people have realized the most effective way to get support is to find a dr who will diagnose autism. Which is bad for everyone - support needs for people with autism is different than for other disorders, it fuels at least part of the increase in autism diagnoses since the 80s (and so the idiot antivaxxers) there was plenty of intel gathered in Russia during the cold war that got fed directly to private contractors in the US. I would be stunned if it were not still happening. The bigger concern I have is that it encourages extreme nepotism — people vouch for people from their schools and prior jobs, and so risks introducing systemic bias against people from different backgrounds. Obviously gender and race are heavily represented in this kind of thing, but even basic stuff like west coast vs east university nonsense can start happening. I like that it lists newton as the sole inventor of calculus but then uses leibniz’s notation. That said - can any (maybe mech only?) engineers explain their field’s preference for Newton’s notation? Just to clarify, are you claiming iTunes isn’t the most amazing piece of software ever? ;) More seriously, are you talking the desktop app or the music player of the phone? (I’ve not found the phone version /that/ bad, but yeah desktop version remains terrible) There are a bunch of extra features vs sms (attachments, groups, actual encryption, that’s even end to end). I assumed android had similar but I can’t tell from things like the gchat news from last (?) week whether that’s true. For me (exclusive Apple product house) it’s useful that messages end of an every device - it’s useful when looking things up, and saves finding my phone when I’m working, etc. Also read receipts are useful - they’re opt in, but the useful when communicating with coworkers. Which also feeds into the ecosystem thing - if most people you talk to are also using iMessage you can get read receipts. This isn’t saying iMessage is flawless or superior to everything else - as I said before I don’t know the state of android messaging, so I just can’t really compare. Ah so it’s mostly due to engineering being interested in specifically the change in values over real world time, rather than conceptual time, or just not time at all? (Excuse my phrasing. English is totally my first language I’m just bad at it :D ) That group being the maintainers? he's the one forcing it -- he's not an active member of libc anymore, he's not a maintainer, but he decided that his personal joke from 20 years ago absolutely must remain in the documentation because he's petty. He sounds like the one in need of a safe space where nothing ever changes No you’re missing the point. It isn’t “trust is bad” it is that trust necessarily excludes people from different backgrounds. If a bunch of your engineers (or whatever) went to Stanford, they people they trust are also much more likely to be from Stanford, because those are the people that they know. The same holds for any university. Then as time goes by the organisation becomes increasingly dominated by Stanford(or whichever) because the follow on hires also recommend people that they know — eg Stanford and the likes. Now you have ensured that if someone cannot - for any reason - get into one of the feeder supplies, typically because going to those colleges requires a huge amount of money, or they’re super prestigious (the fancy UCs say) which have strong correlation to wealth (if you’re poor you can’t support the costs involved in getting a successful application). So now you end up where large groups of people, for reasons outside of their control, and irrespective of talent, cannot get a job at your company. At no point does anyone say “I don’t trust X”, it is simply the requirement that you have to /know/ someone to get a job there. Even if people are not trying to be assholes it is required nepotism. Even if you’re trying not to be biased, your hiring pool has already shrunk to match the backgrounds of your existing engineers. If you want you could probably make a dumbass simulation of this, and I suspect if you start with X colours it will devolve to a small number fairly quickly. As opposed to using the notoriously lightweight mineral we call gold... JCPOA = justified comma partitioned ordinal .. um .. array? :) I downloaded the archive and then deleted my account. There were some pictures and videos I’d forgotten about which was nice, but given I’d already stopped using it, why leave the account around? Republicans have been anti-science (and education in general) for decades. Is this surprising to anyone? There is no way to be both pro education and science and also be pro-Republican Party as it is today. Well the “progressive” people in CA (especially SF) are both xenophobic (only people from SF should be allowed to live there), and short sighted (if you don’t build new housing their children won’t have anywhere to live, even without people moving to the city) For public servants, and other people whose salary is directly or indirectly tied to government salaries housing will only get less affordable as prop 13 guarantees that landlords can profit from true market value of their properties without paying taxes on that value. Prop 13 is literally a tax payer subsidy to businesses and nothing more. You've seen the pictures of pallets of gold bricks we keep around right? It's not exactly portable. :D That is the most ad and 3rd link heavy site I’ve seen on HN in a while. Does anyone have a better reference? Every “don’t ruin it for others” argument ignores that there’s more than one person affected. The reason the ADA exists is because precisely that argument was used to preclude people with a wide array of disabilities from society. The ADA requires reasonable accommodation by all companies. This means that you create a level playing field where no one company can undercut others simply by excluding a specific group of people. In your case you’re basically saying that it’s ok for us to exclude deaf people from the tech industry. That’s not hyperbole. If one boot camp doesn’t have to support the deaf, then you cannot require /any/ to support them. That puts any boot camp that does support the deaf (or other disability) at a financial disadvantage to those that don’t. By the wonders of capitalism you either get “deaf people must pay more for the same thing” or “deaf people can’t participate”. This immediately adds an additional penalty to the deaf. Also, if you’re charging 15k per course you can afford to transcribe lectures. People are talking about how much interpreters cost, but if you just transcribed the lectures, and made good reference material that would probably get you most of the way to compliance. As an added bonus, making those and your slides available would help people who have to use screen readers. Um, thin film interference. It even has a nice succinct name. It’s a simple byproduct of basic optics :-/ Except that's not true is it? 3d rendering in games even today don't (in general) raytrace. While some things are raytraced in games /today/, getting performance is still achieved largely by leveraging the GPU, which in nowhere near as good at raytracing as general rastering. Essentially GPUs make raytracing faster simply because it is ridiculously parallel, and by limiting the kind of features that are supported (vs. general cpu raytracing) And also "cheating" -- raytracing is ideally "correct", but for a game you don't need to be correct, you just need to be good enough (or rather, you need to be pretty, which isn't necessarily physically correct). That said based on the content of the article this could be trivially improved with better data structures -- it's just walking a height map, but the article makes no mention of quad or kd trees which are iirc the standard go to for height map traversal. SSAO is not remotely close to raytracing (as done here). This post is not discussing ambient occlusion, but actual direction shadows. SSAO doesn't sample a path across the depth buffer (because that wouldn't make any sense at all for shading), or consider light direction. This is very much my recollection from many many years ago, but basically my understanding is, but I recall that it's just a random sample of depth information surrounding a given fragment, and uses the depth of those samples relative to the current fragment as a scaling factor for the ambient contribution to to the final fragment light. The end result isn't even remotely close to correct, but again, correct isn't the same as being looking good enough (or even just looking good - in games you don't have totally control of how a scene may be seen by a player. Incorrect lighting can often be far superior to correct lighting from a gameplay pov. I think the first year F1 had kers some of the teams used flywheels, but I think since then everyone seems to have moved to standard battery pack type systems, so I assume there are downsides to them. At least if you drive a bit above the speed limit when commuting :) A follow on from this question is why you’d ever build a company based entirely on analyzing data from another company. Best and worst case scenarios: * you do something amazing, and start making money. So your source company turns off your access to the data and makes there own version * you never make enough money for them to care/notice you. They remove the source of data for non-competition related reasons/accidentally break the api and don’t care enough to fix it (if you’re not really making money presumably they’re not making money off you) Shrug - maybe it’s simply a relatively easy way to get to the point where you can say enough buzzwords convincgly to get VC money? HN munged the two options No the company made itself go out of business. First they violated export restrictions, then after apologizing and paying a fine it turned out they had explicit intent to continue violating export restrictions. In response they were told they could no longer purchase American technology. Then they chose to go out of business. They chose to go out of business. No one required that they break the law, and if they hadn’t they would be fine. The alternative is that companies can break the law however much they want if they’re large enough. That was exactly my thought -- surely you wait until you can just say "we're producing more than X per day, right now"? The problem isn't selling things in the US or not, the problem is that they were deliberately choosing to sell to Iran and North Korea, despite trade sanctions and export restrictions. They had been caught, they paid a fine, but then it turned out that they were deliberately planning to continue selling them, despite already being caught, charged, fined, and agreeing to stop. The /only/ way that they could be made to stop selling restricted components from the US was clearly to prohibit them from using those components at all. What do you propose as an alternative? Sorry an option is that your source company seeing you making money, and then decides to let you continue to do that rather than making that money themselves. The problem was that the fine was not sufficient. Then ban on using American component cam about because it was discovered the ZTE planned to continue selling despite explicitly stating that they wouldn’t, and having already been fined. The ban that killed ZTE was not a result of them breaking the law. That merely resulted in a fine. The ban came about as a result of ZTE deliberately planning to continue breaking the law after already being caught, charged, fined, and explicitly agreeing to stop. Give. Than background what should have been done? Rent control in SF is determined by the age of the building - a new building doesn’t get it. Also rent control in SF caps rent price increases to 2%, which is the same rate that a building increases in market value. That’s courtesy of prop 13 that says (in effect) that for tax purposes building valuation cannot be assessed at greater than 2% increase a year. Given a large part of income is determined by cost of living, wages have to increase at the same rate as property value. If the taxable value of property increases at a lower rate than the actual market value of that property then all services that are functionally paid by tax dollars start consuming a greater portion of total tax revenue. That means a landlord who is increasing their rent/lease by more than 2% is getting a tax payer subsidy as they are using services (roads, utilities, etc) which have costs that increase at market rates, but the landlords aren’t paying taxes at market rates. Generally rent control only applies to existing tenants, so at some point they could afford the unit. The common issue in California is the landlord increasing rent in according to a market rate that doesn’t match wage increases. Another fun one in the Bay Area at least is people preventing new construction because the will reduce the value of their property. Literally that’s the argument used in Palo Alto and Mountain View - I can’t imagine it being different elsewhere. Is there a non pdf version of this? Reading a document that doesn’t support reflow is frustrating on a small display It’s not - Israel’s army is among the small set of armies that continues to use illegal munitions (I recall they were using cluster bombs a few years ago). I am unclear why they feel it necessary, but that’s how their army operates (not helped by their current nationalist PM) :-/ The tldr for emdrive: having verified that changing the direction of the engine the thrust direction also changed, but when they attenuated the power to just the drive component, which should have changed the thrust, but it did not. Therefore the thrust being seen was not being produced by the drive itself. For the piezo one the predicted thrust was below the noise threshold in their final tests (specifically below center of mass movements that were also - to my reading - due to the control electronics) The author explicitly states that they believe that Tesla is correct to only include miles driven with autopilot enabled, specifically they say: "I agree with Tesla’s methodology on Autopilot mileage because the road conditions under which a partial autonomy system is rated for operation (highways, clear lane markings, etc) are systematically different from manually-driven miles." But if that were the case you must also only include crash data from manually driven cars in those same circumstances. But the majority of automobile accidents do not occur on freeways -- which are the most autopilot friendly roads being driven. We can't easily work out that traffic split, but we can do something else that should be just as effective: Compare accidents per million miles driven in autopilot enabled cars, to accidents per million miles driven in regular vehicles. If autopilot does meaningfully improve driving safety, we should expect that the average for autopilot enabled cars to to be lower than other cars by a statistically significant margin. If we want to get specific per [1] more than 50% of accidents occur at intersections, given Tesla's sample will dramatically over-represent intersectional crashes we could go extreme and say that their statistics should be immediately less than half the crash rate of non-autopilot vehicles. (this is an exaggeration, but given they're not being honest I don't really care) Personally I'd also control for class of cars we're comparing -- I suspect the stats for high end cars are different from low are different from sports cars, etc. [1] https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/research/topics/safety/intersection... Many have fairly low temperature storage requirements, a -80C is a fairly standard freezer for dealing with long term storage of anything biological. But the real problem isn’t -60 or -80. It’s -[Anything]. If there isn't a reliable source of electricity refrigeration (to the extent required by many drugs and vaccines) is the largest problem faced when you’re trying to get vaccinated new and drugs to remote locations. It’s a good thing that CDC employees are taking vacation time to go there and monitor the situation with no support from, well, the CDC. If you have a side project that siphons personal information from people for no reason, then maybe the gdpr isn’t the problem... Exactly how hard is it to do select * from x where user == “whoever”; Or whatever the syntax is. Alternatively: why are your personal projects storing that data in the first place? If you’re unwilling/unable to put the time into something as trivial as making an archive I’m assuming you also aren’t putting the time into making your data storage secure. Arguably securely storing data is harder than producing an archive. Or are you saying that gdpr sucks because it actually requires you to care about user data? Seriously if you think gdpr is “too hard” just. Do. Not. Store. User. Data. This is not hard. Arguably it is easier and cheaper than any option, including filtering users. If it makes no money why spend money on storage? Most do actually because it’s useful to know what the risk to your own country is. Specifically if we don’t think the effected country actually has the resources to do so. The alternative is wide spread contagion - take swine flu and bird flu, both started in China, and yet the lack of any monitoring allowed them to spread around the world before being contained. In that case the outbreak was deliberately not disclosed, but choosing not to disclose and not having resources to disclose have the same effect for /other/ countries, including your own. Things like where a disease has spread is important to work out the risk of it reaching your own country. You do know that most of what the cdc does is monitor right? It’s not actively going out to spend Your Tax Dollars treating patients - that’s something that the US doesn’t even do in America. Alternatively we could choose to not track outbreaks and just hope that Ebola knows we’ll deport it if it comes here. (That works right?) You’re misreading the fine is in the range 0..max(20 million, .04*revenue). Basically if you’re a small business your maximum fine is likely 20 million, if you’re a large one it’s 4% of your global revenue. The global revenue is needed because companies are perfectly happy moving their money around to minimize the amount of money they make in places that will fine and tax them. They’re also super good at manufacturing reasons that profit does not actually get recorded as profit. Also it’s generally accepted that fines and settlements are an expense, so you’d get a situation where ome fine would effectively discount another. Maybe they work in advertising ;) ok, I am going to be nice here: * how are you structuring data such that it is available to you and your site, without also being able to pull it all out into an archive? * literally all of my experience has been that securing data is a much harder challenge than any other part of a web facing system. Also, the thing that everyone seems he’ll bent on ignoring: you do not need an archive mechanism if you do not store data. And given we’ve known gdpr has been coming for at least a year - aside from companies that tried to bribe it away I guess - new projects should have there data set up so that archiving isn’t a monumentally challenging task. Clearly it isn’t anymore. Also realistically storage has never been cheap - it’s just that historically the only people for whom it was expensive were the users. here’s what I don’t get: why are mug shots public at any point prior to conviction? Should these people go to jail? Yes, it’s extortion plain and simple. But they should never have had these images for anyone who was not found guilty - or in this case even charged. I also agree with you. The author’s assertion that Haskell has failed in the real world due to the Illuminati is clearly wrong. ;D This is a super iffy comment. Please don’t hurt me ;) Quantum computers fundamentally don’t break everything, just things that depend on problems that can be treated polynomial with respect to time, if you can also be polynomial in terms of state. Eg there is currently no known way to break any of the major symmetric encryption algorithms (aes etc) beyond bruteforcing, which is faster on a classical machine. I believe that similar applies to general case of hashing. Things get wonky once you can convert a O(x^N) problem into a O(N^x) problem with state(N^x). That’s functionally how things like shore’s algorithm works - each qubit can represent a functionally infinite number of values so you can move from other wise expentional number of components to a polynomial amount, so you can do a pile of math and get a “probably correct” solution to the DLP, which is the core problem for all current assymetric encryption algorithms. What IBM is presumably trying to say is that all assymteric algorithms are broken if you can get a functional quantum computer, which means getting 1000s of qubits into a quantum state and maintaining that state through a large computation. If that happens then any data that has been archived and encrypted with an assymetric algorithm can be decrypted. Any problem that also depends on DLP (all the crypto coins for instance) is likewise broken. Pluto has been known about for a long time. #vivapluto ;) The fcc literally had a competition to identify to robocalls. It’s not trivial - gmail identifies spam by bayesian filtering coupled with the amount of duplicate spam sent to numerous different addresses. Identifying spam/robocalls requires being able to parse arbitrary spoken word. People keep thinking its a matter of blocking a number, but the reality is that the security of phone networks is laughably broken with respect to number and identity spoofing. It essentially renders the id useless for identifying spam My assumption is that for Netflix (and similar) it isn’t “ratings don’t matter” but rather “competitive ratings don’t matter”. Traditional tv/cable has to compare ratings for multiple shows at the same air time. If a giving show has a lower rating than other shows at the same feasible time - they need broad appeal because the opportunity cost involved in burning a specific time slot. Basically say you have a few shows, 50% of people like A, 40% each like B, C, and D - note that there’s an overlap and underlay. If there’s a a single time slot available, the only “correct” solution is to run show A for the 50% popularity. If all the people who like D do not like A, then that whole group (40% of the market) have no compelling reason to pay for your service. Netflix doesn’t have the time slot problem which means the shows are not competing. So they can provide A and D and both groups are happy, and B and C are also available to everyone. But importantly making a show does cost money, so there’s still a minimum popularity you need to justify that cost. They look great, alas they’re all pdf so text size is fixed :( The other part is that there are numerous psych and soc courses where students are required to participate in studies for part of their grades, which actively creates stupid biases, which kind of teaches that that kind of selection is acceptable Of course it produces oxygen - aluminum processing is in large part reducing aluminium oxides. Given the scant data provided it is unclear if their technique results in fewer additional airborne pollutants mixed with the oxygen which might be nice I really wish all the car manufacturers would stop with this bullshit "you still have to be driving it" self driving nonsense. Claiming that the driver is still responsible for driving the car, while using a system designed to encourage the "driver" to not pay attention is a dumb idea, and all I can see is this kind of thing leading to regulations the delay actual self driving cars. I'm not a self-driving car fanboy or anything. I don't think it's just around the corner, but it's clearly going to happen /eventually/ and I can't imagine it being more dangerous than regular drivers. But this kind of "self driving but not" features feel like the sort of thing that calls to government agencies for regulation, and sufficiently "dumb" mistakes from these systems seems like the sort of thing that triggers a reactive over-regulation. The problem is that the argument being presented: "self driving is safer" is defeated by very obvious failures (driving into pillars, police cars, and people) that are /exactly/ the kinds of things that a computer should be able to handle. Human caused accidents in these situations are almost invariably due to inattentiveness that should not apply to any automated system. So we get to the problem of "if it can't do handle the specific obvious case where it should be absolutely superior" (I would argue an automated system should not have ever been able to make either the police cruiser or the 280 crash in any circumstances. Those were both in perfect conditions - clear weather, etc, etc), how can we trust it to handle any of the complex situations that a self driving car necessarily must handle? The Tesla system solves this by simply saying "the driver is still driving, we're merely assisting", but that assistance leads to inattentiveness - that's human nature, you have to design around it - which should be fine, if the systems were able to handle that, but that clearly are not. I would argue that given the configuration of the Tesla system they are less safe, not necessarily due to net accidents, but rather because of the failure modes of the accidents. Bumper to bumper accidents on a freeway happen all the time, even driving perfectly you can end up in them because not everyone else is driving perfectly. The problem with things like the Tesla system is that it's generally fine, except in those cases where it drives at speed into objects because it gets confused. If your vision or mental state leaves you unable to safely account for large obstructions you aren't allowed to drive. Because it isn't safe. I believe many people have found issues with the data used and how they were prevented. Also it's worth comparing the common case of accidents - bumper to bumper, etc on a freeway which I'd except all self driving systems to instantly reduce the rate of just by increasing the distance to the next car - to the number of serious crashes - e.g. driving into parked vehicles, concrete pillars - those have entirely different failure modes. That said, the reality is that the types of self driving systems currently deployed - Tesla or whomever - are all fundamentally flawed because they do two things: * Require attention from the human driver at all times * Cause driver inattention The first is fairly clear, literally every one of these products is prefaced with "the driver is still in control of the vehicle and must remain attentive", and the latter is clearly demonstrated because of all of the different mechanisms that the manufacturers are deploying to try and deal with the fact that if you tell a human to pay attention to a specific task, but they aren't doing that specific task, they will not pay attention. Every system tried just increases the time required for a human driver to adapt to unconsciously managing the various "pay attention" alarms. The solution is fully self driving cars. We don't have that yet. I fully expect them to be safer once we get there. What is the hamfistedpremise here? She is stating her experience. She is stating what other women experience. What is there to berate? Should rape threats not matter? Or death threats? If you really wanted to do this you could avoid a whole bunch of badness by spawning a worker, clearing out all the timer and networking APIs and just evaluate the script there. Infinite loops etc could still happen but they would not significantly effect your page and the worker gets killed when the user navigates. As far as their regex goes I’m not sure it actually prevents the wonders of [] based programming. Found it again — jsfuck.com does the translation automatically. I have not tested whether it’s doable yet This is literally exactly the scenario you're talking about: The drug looked like it would work, so much so that someone decides to spend $6 billion to buy it before it completed stage 3 trials. Now it turns out that not only does it not work, it also actively made things worse . So your "terminally ill patient" and the "drug that may save her life" turns out not to be "unlikely to cause further harm". The existing regulatory regimes allow for the patient to end up in a trial for a drug like this, but the "right to try" law now means the subject can be 1) charged for it and 2) not provide useful information for other patients because they're no longer in a blinded trial environment. Don't forget Thalidomide, etc. People seem to forget that there was a time where the FDA and trials didn't exist. And that the reason the FDA has to exist is because otherwise you get very expensive "drugs" that frequent, at best, do nothing, and oftentimes do harm. Cool, except right to try is not blinded -- you're paying to have access to drugs, so you have to get them. Any data from a person who buys a drug without knowing if it works or not (or kills them faster) is useless for everyone else (it actively reduces the trial population) due to placebo effect and trial controls. This is ignoring 50% being (i would say optimistic) for stage 3 trials, but right to try kicks in before stage 3 trials so suddenly you're dealing with stage 2 trials: and iirc only like 10% of candidates make it from stage 2 to stage 3, so now you've got maybe a 5% chance of it helping, and a much greater chance of it making your situation worse. And you're still not providing useful data that might help other people. It also ignores that there are typically multiple drugs with the same or similar targets running trials at the same time: which do you take given currently there's no evidence of which (or any) is effective, no data on how dangerous any (or all) of them are. The evil "bureaucrats and scientists" are there to force the vulnerable people to not use wholesome providers of supplements that will fix their body's Ph so that it can get more alkaline. These evil practices all work to stop people having access to things as basic as Elixir sulfanilamide[1], Thalidomide[2]. If only there were already some example of the FDA allowing victims of terminal diseases to have access to drugs that might save their lives if there was overwhelming evidence that they would at the very least work? Like imagine if a drug demonstrated an immediate overwhelming success in treatment but had not yet had sufficient trials to determine side effects and safety? HIV victims could certainly have benefited from AZT before the full side effect profiles were known. It's so sad that they didn't get access to it. Oh wait, they did [3]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elixir_sulfanilamide - "We have been supplying a legitimate professional demand and not once could have foreseen the unlooked-for results. I do not feel that there was any responsibility on our part." [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thalidomide#Adverse_effects - It did work for morning sickness, but an evil scientist at the FDA had stopped it from being sold in the US, depriving expectant mothers of helpful relief [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zidovudine - HIV and AZT actually did result in the laws allowing exemptions for terminal cases. The difference between those, and "right to try" nonsense is that the terminal disease exemptions still require a degree of solid evidence of function, and a demonstration of safety vs alternatives. No i don't think it's hypocritical. Right to try laws allow companies to monetise desperate terminally ill patients. That's been shown repeatedly throughout history (and these days in the 'supplements' industry) to result in abuse of dying patients. And you get things like https://www.statnews.com/2017/11/21/herpes-vaccine-hotel-roo... which was clearly a great plan - and yeah that's not "terminal", but the exact same kind of thing can happen for terminal diseases as well. The trial methodology removes the financial incentive, so that now you can't just take all of a dying persons money. By keeping the treatment in the trial model you also mean that we get data that can actually help -- maybe find out that the drug does not in fact work, or maybe finding out that it does! A patient who is not being treated under trial conditions is much less useful as a data point (if at all) because the placebo effect, and a bunch of other related ones, have repeatedly been found to lead to incorrect feedback - the person says that the drug makes them more comfortable, even though they didn't live any longer, is that because it actually made them feel better? Or was it placebo? Or was it a desire to be "helpful"? If you use them as a data point you may end up with a drug that doesn't actually help, and that drug gets sold. for money. to people who it doesn't help. Cool. Wow a floating video over the content with no dismiss button? Wut? :-/ Seriously why have the video float? If I’ve scrolled down it’s probably to read - like wtf is the intended user interaction goal there? How much of it is choice though? I suspect the vast majority of super commuting isn’t by choice - especially if you include people who want to have any money left over after baseline expenses. If you work in Mountain View for example there is nothing on the market less than 1 million, so you would have to be at the high end of earners at google to get a house there (I recall a person on twitter saying that they were unable to afford Mountain View or Palo Alto even though both she and her husband worked at google). I commute for 3 hours a day, and that required a 200k down payment. I can’t imagine someone making a even twice median wage getting much closer than that, even renting. Well that’s not at all disconcerting. Just to clarify - 1 million is low balling. The area I live now - Palo Alto/Mountain View/etc I would be surprised if you got below 2 million. The real problem though is that if you’re getting a mortgage you end up having to pay a further premium on the cost in order to compete with people making cash offers. As far as mortgage write offs on taxes I think it’s just interest component of your payments, and the new tax bill removes most of those for individuals - here’s the problem with saying things like “use proton mail” it deflects from the problem (warrantless search of email for 7 years) and instead attacks the use of email. Note that what was used shouldn’t matter from the POV warrant vs no warrant. Follow on with: there is no claim that there was anything found in those emails. All we have is an acknowledgement that the government is undertaking warrantless surveillance of a reporter,. It doesn’t have to find anything, it just needs to be threatening enough to ensure that no one talks again. Hence “chilling effect on journalism” Apologies for terrible editing in the above message. Typing on my phone with beta software. There are some issues :) Number 4 is ambiguous - assuming you’re competent nepotism gets you way closer to getting a job than almost anything else. Basically nepotism is a very effective shortcut to an interview for a position, alongside an initial bias in your favor (people trust their competent coworkers), and for large high profile companies your biggest problem is likely to be getting through the initial resume filtering. Obviously this only gets you so far - I don’t want to say that 4 is /wrong/ as generally for large companies you can’t just get your friend (for instance) a job, but you do get a huge leg up on any potential competition. I assume that this is the “we need about X thousands words of filler content” kind of article. I could be wrong of course but the opening paragraph didn’t really make me want to pay to see the rest :) When we were looking at buying a house one of the weirdest things we encountered was that it doesn’t seem to occur to people to repaint or wallpaper houses they’re buying. I literally heard people saying they weren’t going to buy a house because they didn’t like the wall colours. From our realtor we found that all agents will prefer to repaint all houses to a plain pastel/beige interior. As a matter of course. It was very strange. I got that it was an exaggerated example, but sadly I’m 90% sure that you could make a kickstarter project to do just that and probably get it funded. Of course at that point people are actually treating the entertainment value as an asset rather than the statue and explosives themselves so maybe that’s also completely reasonable. I dislike “non scientist” as a disparagement - you don’t need to a PhD or trained bench scientist to follow the scientific method. Many times throughout history trained “scientists” have deviated from proper scientific method, and plenty of exciting developments have been from non professionals. That said in this case, and given the field involved, I suspect that there wasn’t a whole lot of scientific method involved in the counter measures research :-/ Can we stop linking to “right to try”-bait headlines? This clearly a long way from the “potential cure for cancer” bullshit, but I think we just need to have a blanket rule to link to the actual research, or alternatively not to use headline from the press release. Sorry I don’t have sympathy for “Canada has protectionist dairy policies” when we compare to the massive subsidizing of farming in the US. Return on farming basically return on acreage, which means it’s directly tied to the cost of the land. There’s no real way to make a farm economically viable in a high land value area. Going vertical would make the land even more expensive But deletion hasn’t been available (and most “deletion” request functions have been in response to legal and governmental pressure already) and I recall seeing multiple stories about “deleted” material not being deleted. Gdpr is a response to the prior attempts to let the industry “self regulate” not actually doing anything. Does it over regulate? Personally I don’t think so - people talk about the complexity but that’s mostly due to the need to be absolutely explicit everywhere, and need to ensure that there aren’t loophole that can be abused by some company with enough lawyers. Recommending times to avoid getting pregnant is essentially just the rythm method isn’t it? That has been shown to not work :-/ That said bizarre squeamishness of america about anything related to periods I’m sure there are issues with just having UI for such things :-/ Yeah I don’t understand people who short - the downside is functionally unbound. Maybe it’s “investors” and “managers” using other people’s money? I’m sure my risk/reward bias would be skewed if the downside was “less commission income” rather than “well there goes my retirement” Wow, talk about bogus headline. Actual bug: "3rd party security products don't validate signatures correctly" Thought it was effected by spectre - meltdown was the exploit that only effected a subset of the market. Meltdown is specifically due to load speculation happening prior to verifying access permissions. Spectre is more generally due to load speculation modifying the cache while inside a branch speculation context. Basically it effected every high performance cpu in some way. Note that saying there’s a protected/safe branch instruction is only effective if the default branch code gen uses it, so I’m not including such mitigation’s when saying “not effected”. I believe that to be a justifiable decision. Essentially the only cpus that weren’t effected were those with very little, if any, out of order execution. None of them are considered to have competitive performance. No, having worked on crypto I feel confident saying that the smart people, especially those who do understand crypto, know, and state, that it cannot be done. All solution fundamentally boil down to someone has the keys required to decrypt all your content. This is ignoring the other technical costs (now your service has to record all ephemeral keys as well). It doesn’t matter /who/ has that decryption key, the requirement is that access to the key is guarded only by policy. You also resort to “with a warrant” but a NSL is effectively a warrant, and I’m fairly sure the DPRC has “warrants”. Who gets to request those keys? The position of the us government is that they have the right to access data from people in other countries, so can they provide a warrant to access that data? Can Germany ask for the data for someone in the US? What if someone travelled through another country - can that country now access those keys? Note these all questions regarding /legitimate/ access, I’m completely ignoring police officers looking up people they stopped and stealing nudes, of people stealing the information and using that information to steal money, stalking, etc I am sick and tired of people who say “modern cryptography is amazing, so it must be able to fulfill my unicorn dreams”. Either stop claiming nonsense or provide a prove that it is possible by designing a system that does what you say must be possible. So? Murderers and kidnappers will benefit from being able to access their victims phone - after all the phone was already weakened to support such access. Also: murderers and kidnappers don’t have to use broken cryptography. So again the only people who are harmed are people who aren’t criminals. Also the statement from the Indiana police is extremely vague, and doesn’t make any details available about what they were doing. Except of course to you need the device passcode to install an update. So no Apple can’t just force an update. Which layers? Do those lawyers have the competence to handle securing such a key? What happens when those keys are compromised? What is a legal order that would be valid? The US already has warrant exclusions for “emergencies”, how careful will these lawyers be when they’re getting thousands of requests a day? What happens when they get an NSL? What happens when you’re investigating a criminal act sponsored by one of the governments you supposedly trust? What if they compel the lawyers in their countries to not provide the keys? I generally dislike “what if” but given the problem space you do actually need to explain how your system works, and how it resolves these problems. Remember there are plenty of countries with terrible human rights records, but they also still have regular crimes happen. details :) Does anyone have a link to the supplemental material for this? Is there a non-video link? The algorithm isn’t broken, the definition of a good encryption scheme is that it can’t be decrypted unless you have the key, in this case the algorithm is to substitute each letter with a lookup into a document. The non-public key is the name of the document not the document itself. Ostensibly the author decrypted the the second document by doing a brute force search of the key space (that is the set of documents available at the time). This is functionally the same as aes - just a much smaller key space. A one time pad is a specific case of substitution cipher (it’s a generalization of vignere) where the key is the length of the document. It is probably secure - as in it is actually impossible to break. The reason one time pads are not used in general is that you need a “perfect” rng, and you have to be able to get the random values to the recipient. Those old “person traveling with brief case of secrets” trope was a real thing. Key distribution is the problem solved by public key cryptography. But you can’t use one time pads with public key crypto, because the weakness is then breaking public keys (which is probably possible). Stream ciphers loosely acted like a one time pad in that you generate a “random” stream and xor with the message. But it doesn’t reach the actual requirement of security for a one time pad because the key is the RNG seed, which means you can brute force the seed key space and only the correct key will produce a completely sensible decrypted output. A true one time pad means that a brute force search of the key space for a message of length N will find every valid message of length N. Eg an 11 letter message would produce (among others) “hello world” and “hello earth” as well as “die planet!”. Suicide is complex and there are different modalities: long term depression vs sudden stress being the most obvious. You can get a lot of (v sad) data if you search journal publications on suicide. Then you have different responses to stress and depression (some engage in “risky behavior” which can include lots of sex for example). On the other hand depression has a confirmed hit to sexdrive. I’m sure on a case by case basis you can get all sorts of variation, but the net statistics don’t support amount of sex impacting suicidal ideation, nor ideation (on average) impacting amount of sex. What I had been told was that they commuted "as if" they had infinite precision pi (rather than reduction modulo some approximation) Well yes, there a fairly simple bit of selective pressure:fish nearer to the surface are more likely to be caught. As industrial fishing is aggressive to mass collection that increases pressure to move deeper. It seems reasonable then that fish that are generally remaining (in average) deeper than there counterparts will (again on average) live longer, and so get bigger. This is basic evolution. It’s no different than commercial fishing farms having to deal with their fish growing more slowly or simply staying small (the selection criteria being “stay less than X cm”) What I don’t understand is why the gust lock mechanism is gated on not be ingengaged vs being disengaged. The report goes into detail about having the lock in an intermediate state, but if you actually made it so that the throttle was gated at X% unless the lock was completely disengaged (eg mechanically release the throttle lever only when the lock was latched into the disengaged position) IS there some mechanical/aircraft-related reason that such a lock isn’t possible? Insurance companies keep trying to recommend ibuprofen to me to replace Celebrex (my knees basically have no cartilage). Except I’m tolerant of the whole standard NSAID family, hence Celebrex. Doesn’t matter, they keep recommending it to save money. At least they don’t force it on me So you’re saying that exploiting desperate people is perfectly reasonable? This is of course exactly what everyone with half a clue said would happen. I remember multiple groups claiming the law limited the ability to make exploitative profits from victims, yet here we have a 300k treatment. It does not cost 300k to create the medication, we know this because the costs for the trials would be even larger than they already are. The simple fact is saying “limit profit” ignores the immense power of a corporation to invent expenses (how much does IP cost?). The reality is that this was only ever going to be used to exploit people. The data is not useful for a trial, and because it’s not in a trial then failures don’t get reported as part of the trial. Suddenly you can make a profit without ever proving it does anything at all. This article is astonishing in its depth, I thoroughly enjoyed as much as I have read so far. It just keeps going. What are you talking about - no amoeba is billions of treats old, not are hela cells immortal (the immortality of hela cells is a reference to it being the first set of human cells that could be reliably grown outside of a human. More specifically it is Henrietta lacks who is considered immortal). All unicellular life survives by growing (accumulating enough of the right chemical components) to replicate its genetic material (RNA or DNA), and then divide. Errors happen during duplication that provide mutations that natural selection can work on. In the general act of existing all these organism accrue broken proteins and waste that they cannot get rid of, these accumulate in one half of a dividing cell, which eventually results in one half of the separated cell failing. In addition to replication errors environmental stresses can also just directly damage the genetic material which again provides mutations than selection can be applied to. So yes we can distinguish between Darwinian selection and Lamarckism, as Lamarckism is not actually a thing - the evolution of single felled organisms is purely Darwinian, and can (and has) been extensively studied. I suspect the misunderstanding here is that meiosis (or is it meitosis? I can never remember which is which) is only notionally a clone. Once you acknowledge that one of the two cells after a split is not necessarily identical to the original you can see a lineage of genetic variation that is the hallmark of evolution. This is ignoring lateral gene transfer, but that’s essentially an effect of gene survival and statistics. The bulk of the vast majority of people’s expenses are the “fixed” living costs: utilities and rent/mortgage. So if the average property increases the average cost of living also increases. The cost of food, and utilities is tied to usage so those costs don’t really change (fungible) based on where you live; but your accommodation does. That’s basically because for non-luxury goods the price is a function of actual cost to produce and market supply. For accommodation it isn’t possible to just buy an additional house at a shop and live there - you are fundamentally constrained by what Is already available. Your example of a macbook isn’t actually super good as while you are right: a given MacBook model costs the same, but someone can always get a cheaper model, or just a cheaper laptop in general. But if your job is in place A, then you need to have a home that is close enough for that to be reachable, so your options are limited so you can’t reduce the cost of your job. Interestingly/depressingly this has the effect of further reducing the effective hourly wage of minimum wage workers, as they have to spend more time traveling to their place of employment. Your example of 25k in pdunk Alabama needs to account for the similarly reduced cost of housing. Take Merced, ca for example (a place I know)- that’s 2-3hours from San Francisco but house price there is like 200k. Before you say “why not commute from there”, that’s time without traffic. At commute times I would guess your looking at more than 4 hours each way. For an 8 hour shift you’re commuting another 8 hours, so functionally you’re getting paid half the minimum Wage (from your POV, I’m not saying your employer owes you for that) [edit typing on a phone is apparently hard. I corrected a bunch of awful and incoherent sentences] At some point people need to accept that we killed all of them. Much like almost happened to the Tasmanian devil (part of the reason for the virulence of the their transmissible cancer is the lack of genetic diversity, caused by farmers trying to exterminate them as well) At the same time a bigger house may also be /cheaper/ due to better materials and higher quality equipment. That said I recognize that there is some variance, hence fungible :) Not public schools, and private schools in America at least easily costs tens of thousands of dollars each year. (Public schools could use them, but need to provide them to so they don't deny education to students from poorer families) The same people who inject ads on scrolling, duh ;) Proxies aren’t actually that slow, the problem is the committee refusal to acknowledge indexed properties as being something that actually exists. The result is that all property names passed to the interceptor get converting to a string. That means if for example you were intending to proxy an array, your performance is destroyed. First a numeric index gets converted to a string, then when to pass that on to your target array it has to be parsed back into a number. In a trivial case (literally just forwarding the access) it might be possible to fake the stringing of the property name, but if you actually end up doing real work it becomes increasingly hard to avoid the property name escaping and so having to be reified. What? Tasmanian devil population was robust until 1840 when a bounty was introduced because of a mistaken belief that they hunted livestock. The hunting for bounty and outright culling almost made them Extinct. They only became protected after the last thylacine died. Subsequent attempts to unprotect and poison them were by idiot farmer who kept deciding they killed livestock. Anyway, the result of the near extinction caused by humans drastically reduced genetic diversity, which meant even though their numbers did increase they were highly susceptible to any disease, in this case it’s a transmissible disease. Since the 90s their population has dropped by 80%. As far as thylacine goes - you claim it was introduction of dingoes thousands of years ago, and the there is evidence the aborigines has been present in Australia for at least 10000 years. Yet it wasn’t a hundred years of hunting by Europeans that it went extinct. The causation seems much more to be on the head of humans (specifically Europeans, who have a huge documented history of exterminating animals in land that they migrate to - not to say only Europeans cause extinctions, just that the nature of our society means we have much more documentation of European history than of locations that weren’t well, in Europe) No, lateral gene transfer doesn’t impact Darwinian evolution - genes weren’t a thing when Darwin published his work - lateral gene transfer does not complicate evolution, because it isn’t deliberate selection. It is simply a different matter of gene recombination - sex doesn’t complicate Darwinian evolution. Skipped LGT because it required multiple sentences being written on my phone. It is a misconception that bacteria /decide/ to take up or release plasmids into the environment. They don’t, it is a simple statistical process. F a bacteria is in an environment where there is a selective pressure that favors expressing a given gene (or group)then the bacteria that have those genes increases its proportional presence in the population pool. Now those bacteria have become dominant because of a particular set of genes, which means those genes are being expressed at a significant rate. Expressing the genes requires duplicating that section of the bacteria’s genome, and moving it of to the protein build molecules. So now we have an huge (proportional) amount of floating snippets of genetic material for the useful genes. That structure of these molecules tends to them wanting to connect their dangling ends, so many of them do just that (all expressed genes do can end up doing this, it is simply the selective pressure that increases the rate of expression). Now as time goes by some of the bacteria will just die, and when their cell wall collapses any remaining genetic material just ends up floating in the environment. The most stable are those without dangling ends - the plasmids. The plasmids can also just escape through the wall generally - there is some ability for a bacteria to get rid of waste : ion pumps do the work, but there’s a limit to the size, which is why bacteria cannot simply get rid of all waste - the net result is that an environment in which a given set of genes is useful starts to accumulate plasmids that contain those genes. For absorption of the plasmids, that is simply a product of how bacteria absorb all materials, so now the plasmid is inside another bacteria. In the event of any error by the when it cuts the plasmid it can end up including the plasmid material in its own genome "What is surprising is that more open, transparent architecture prompted such a substitution." Why is that surprising? You removed offices so of course people don't talk anymore - politeness dictates that you don't want to interrupt other people. And performance declined, which they blamed on switching to email rather than talking, while ignoring the even more obvious: now every time your coworkers have a conversation it interrupts you. The use of cubicles and open plan has been shown in every actual study to have a negative impact on performance. I have friends in open plans, and literally the best thing I have heard is that if you get the right place there isn't that much distraction. My opinion is that if managers and executives are convinced open plan is "better" they should be placed in an open plan environment for at least 12 months before /any/ employees are moved into it. Of course that will never happen because the real purpose of open plan is to make sure that non-management employees know their place: they [and their health] are not individually important, and are just fungible units that can be replaced at will. Right? The arguments I have is that there a “meeting rooms” for conversations, to which I say: there are hundreds of employees and 5 such rooms. If they’re for conversation they should be limited to maybe 30 minute stints, and cannot be functionally boomed for longer. Of course again the purpose is to denigrate the employees who actually do work, rather than to be a better work environment. And as other people have pointed out: the turn the office into an experiment in the spread of contagious diseases I feel any article on a new language should have at least a partial spec and preferably at least a rudimentary interpreter or compiler. Otherwise what’s the point of the article? Especially when it’s lobbing around things like 50% win for instance. The only actual information I can find about it is videos, which is kind of useless. But they say that you don’t need to filter all content! Like if you know no one will ever upload copyrighted content there’s nothing to worry about. And that not all content will be covered (although they appear to have accidentally forgotten to include that bit in what they published). Right? What is the maximum depth of links before it stops being illegal? However this study was comparing communication and productivity from the same group, just moving those people from offices to an open plan with same general layout of people, in the same area (they were just moved up one floor). The amount over face to face communication decreased (more than 50% I think), and the overall performance (according to the company’s own metrics) decreased as well. It’s basically the closest to a controlled study of office vs open plan in the real world that you could ask for. The one thing open plan is meant to just “obviously” result in is collaboration and face to face communication. The numbers they got directly countered that. Yes, that’s my point: why are we getting an article that makes developer performance claims about a new language, without even the most basic information about that language? I don’t even care about the source, and like I said video presentations about a language aren’t meaningful to me - it’s super easy to not actually touch on any of the things that are actually hard problems in your presentation if you don’t actually provide the full information. A lot of language decisions are the result of how you handle the edgecases, and how they interact with the rest of the semantics of the language. When thought isn’t given to that you get wonderful things like == in JavaScript (the absurd appearing behaviour is completely consistent with the internal semantics of the language - the weirdness is the result of other language features happening during evaluation) I was being sarcastic (I thought the tone and content made that obvious :) ) Right? The built in safari reader does everything correctly and interacts with the rest of the OS properly. I assume that the built in chrome one also Just Works (tm). Also why would I want to download an entire pdf engine when i already have an AOT version? (Stealing that phrasing by the way :) ) It would be nice to see bmalloc in here, but I guess it’s not used anywhere outside of WebKit so maybe it doesn’t matter :-/ But is the death penalty really a reasonable response? That’s actually an interesting question - I would lean towards it being a sufficiently reasonable transformation but I’m obviously not a lawyer. That said more or less all modern ML is just a glorified statistical model. That it allows a non-linear model is the bit that makes it useful vs. basics like averages and deviations. The reason I say that is because (in the US), the NFL and MLB, etc have frequently stated that they believe that even the statistics (not just the raw data) are their property. If they consider linear statistical values to be property I’m sure they would think the same about those properties that make up the weights in a NN. Again not saying who is right (in terms of the law), just think aloud :) Dumb question: is this a semantics issue? to the general public “publisher”=“something like the NYT” vs legally where it probably means “making stuff publicly available”? Oh yeah, this was one of the most insane things I experienced moving to the US. If someone has your bank account number they can withdraw money from it. For example the errands bank account authentication mechanism is to withdraw some money from your account, and then ask you how much they took. I honestly could not believe it. It gets better: if you have someone’s bank account number you still cannot transfer money to them. It would literally be easier to tell your bank (say etrade or whatever) that it was your bank account. That’s why all these absurd abank payment systems exist in America. The act of just giving someone money is incredibly hard. They bank (much like sales people) on human nature making you feel bad when they’re screwing you. It’s like the squares/grid stuff used by car salespeople to get you to get a car loan instead of buying the car with cash. What right do they have to know what your disability is? The ADA has exemptions for when it would be unsafe or unreasonable to provide accommodation, and those are the only places where anyone can discriminate against someone for whatever their condition might be (eg the vision and prescription requirements for pilots). In fact the ADA explicitly disallows asking for any general information about disabilities - an employer can only ask yes/no questions about specific criteria. I can’t imagine what their argument for not supporting someone cancelling their subscription would be. Fun question: if you were to say you were cancelling for medical reasons would they be opening themselves up to a lawsuit if the call center asked what it was? Sounds sane to me, but occasionally that doesn’t reflect what courts think :) Errands bank account = etrade, boo typo! Nope no requirement that they be a bank. Plenty of places allow you to pay online by “direct deposit”, which in every country other than the US involves them providing you with their bank a/c details. In the US you give them /your/ bank account, and /they/ initiate the withdrawal. Anyone with your account details can pay for something from your account, including to a service they can withdraw from. Better yet fraud insurance covers credit cards, not debit or “cheque”. Specifically: if someone uses your bank a/c# you are responsible for recovering the money. I made a comment along those lines on HN a few years ago, and was told in no uncertain terms that I was unrealistic in expecting to be paid my worth unless I accepted payment in lottery tickets/stock-with-no-guaranteed-conversion-clause. This article further affirms my position: it’s not just founders that got no payout, the employees didn’t either. Cool beans, you work your ass off for a company at below market rates with the promise that you’ll get a big payout when it sells, and then it turns out even when it sells for half a billion your stock is worth nothing. This isn’t the lottery of “the company may fail” this is the lottery of “I hope VC doesn’t rewrite the charter to ensure that we don’t get paid”. Oh, and the CEO alone got 11million. That sounds like there was plenty of money available Just to clarify: how educated do you need to be? Founders don’t appear to be obligated to tell you when they make deals that effect you, and more importantly retroactively reduce how much they paid you. If you are paid in stock, and the founders make a deal that reduces the payout value of that stock (in this case to zero) they have stolen from you in a way that has no recourse. Literally they paid you with something that was presumably claimed to have value, and then after a few years made deals that made that worth less. Even though you had already been “paid”. How much education can you do that would protect you from this? I will reiterate my prior statements: if you take a job that pays you (in part) in stock, with no path to sell it pre-IPO, you should never accept anything other than the highest class of preferred stock. If the company is unwilling to give you that, then you should assume that their, or their VC, long term plan is to screw you. At this point there have been enough cases where startups have clawed back the shares the issues, never gone public even when they’ve “made it” so you can’t sell your stock, or in this case outright stolen from their employees by changing the company charter to retroactively devalue all the stock that they used to pay their employees. [edit: charter is not spelled “charta”. I’d swear I used to be able to spell...] I worked in web standards bodies for many years (mostly TC39, but also the initial webgl spec, and random clumps [mostly canvas] of the dim specs) One of the goals of all the web related committees for more than a decade has been to ensure that there is no undefined behaviour. Undefined behaviour is exactly the reason we used to have to have different versions of a webpage for every browser. The only intentionally remaining ambiguities are in areas where there is significant existing content that depends on mutually incompatible behaviour, eg: content that does one thing in browser A, and another in browser B, but is using the same API in each path yet expecting different behaviour. I can’t recall any specifics off the top of my head any more, but a classic has always been for(in) enumeration along the prototype chain when properties are being added and removed. @dbaron or @brendaneich (that his account? I can’t recall) may recall some of the others. Prefixes (that everyone on HN hates) solved this problem - it makes it possible to keep that old non-spec API around, without permanently screwing up the final specification (every points to those old -webkit-gradient properties, but forgets that that api was much clunkier to use than the final gradient spec. If the prefix hadn’t existed then the webkit api would be the permanent one that everyone would have to use) The other big one where there’s specified behaviour that is allowed to vary is webgl. I was kind of responsible for the hated “only support the minimum subset” rules of version 1, but I believe modern specifications allow an implementation to vary according to hardware. The only other place in webgl that I made people (gpu engineers mostly) unhappy was not allowing undefined behaviour when accessing beyond the end of an array in the shader - there were voices that literally wanted to allow this to be undefined for perf reasons even when shown you could read data from other execution environments (this was mind blowing). The compromise in the end was allowing an implementation to return either zero, or some other constant defined value (I think this would fall under the C/C++ “unspecified” behaviour banner). Anyway, in general undefined behaviour is bad on the web, and all web spec authors try to ensure that every edgecase is covered explicitly so that we never get stuck back in the terrible 2000s again. Based on this article alone anything other than preferred stock isn’t viable. Unless executive have skin in the game - say no executive can make money off a sale of the company or a funding round unless all the employees who have been paid in stock have been given first rights to convert their stock before any member of the executive or founder team. This seems reasonable, as it prevents the founders or executive board from doing what happened here: theft. Goddammit, I was going “that doesn’t look even remotely right”, but my brain was fighting me the entire way. One sec while I edit the dumbass spelling away and pretended it never happened :D Well apparently there was enough cash to pay the current CEO 11 million. It seems that they could easily have afforded a few hundred thousand per employee, and still given an order of magnitude more money to the ceo than any of the employees. This is theft in all but name. Don’t get me wrong: FB is clearly out to screw everyone other than themselves: governments, tax boards, their users (selling their details to anyone with money), the peoplepaying for user info (by selling them fake user data). This was just a “i’m Not sure if in many of these cases it’s a confusion over general vs legal definitions” :D The problem in America at least is many people view homelessness as “their fault”, even if they’re teenagers who have been kicked out (it’s in the US so huge % of lgbt kids are homeless because bigotry), mental health (if you have mental health issues and can’t afford treatment you’re kind of screwed. This includes PTSD- the well being of soldiers only matters if it’s a sound bite). Coupled with a more general: it costs money to provide healthcare, etc but even if it’s way less than the total cost of not doing so, the latter costs are spread out over more or less everything else so it’s hidden. This is much like prison and jailing: while there are some people you can’t “correct”, the vast majority you can. Every study has found that providing support and training, etc results in a far lower long term cost it “looks” expensive. When you add in many people wanting prison to be purely punishment, you just end up with people going to jail and often coming out /worse/ than when they went in. Another property of the “not caring for the mentally ill” is that the mentally ill often subsequently end up in jail - something that costs way more than even keeping them in a mental health hospital if that’s what is needed (the staffing requirements for a mental health hospital are different from those of a prison) I use the beats wireless headphones - they have the same wireless “magic” (I write software, and nearly failed university physics so magic will do) and they solved my cable issues. AirPods don’t fit in my apparently deformed ears :) I thought their case charged them quickly? (I use giant beats headphones to make me look cool ;) they ostensibly have 40 hours, but take quite a bit longer to charge) Again as I have said repeatedly - the ceo got 11 million. It seems that they could have taken less and employees could have taken more. As far as the employees losing there jobs years ago: if that had happened they would have got jobs elsewhere, maybe jobs that paid them what they were worth. Other things that make it theft: people who got the biggest pay outs were the ones he rewrote the charter to ensure that the employees got nothing. This is theft. If you change the value of something you have already used to pay someone, it is theft. And yeah “it’s a lottery”, but what they did was basically the same as you buy a lottery ticket that says there a 10% chance of winning $1000 if you wait 6 months before scratching it off, and then 5 months later they say “we’ve change the reward amounts, now it’s $100. Except instead of being a lottery ticket it was the employees time, money, and cost from losing out on other opportunities. In very simple probability terms. The value of stock as payment for employment at a startup is ExpectedValue = amount * P(non preferred stock gets money) * ExpectedStoxkPrive The exact amount you would accept for working at a startup obviously varies from person to person. You estimate the probability that you’ll be able to sell your stock, based on the details of the company, and offer to work in exchange for what you consider a fair amount. After that the company deliberately changes the probability of you receiving a pay out on the stock you have already been granted. That is they retroactively changed what they paid you. Also employees don’t get cash salaries, they get a mix of cash and stock. The statement is: we know your time is worth more than we can afford to pay you in cash. So we will accept that you are reinvesting part of your earnings as a capital investment in the company. The company depends of capital being invested until it is profitable. The stock being granted to employees is because the employees are directly investing their own money into the company. The difference between employees and VC is the VC have enough ownership of the company to steal from the other owners. All employees who are getting paid below market rates are providing a direct and ongoing capital investment of their own money. At minimum they are investing the difference between their market rate salary and the amount you are paying them. That is a direct investment in the company that is no different from investments from VCs. In fact I would argue the cash investment of employees must be greater than that of any VC, because if it weren’t you would simply pay them entirely in cash. The only way paying in stock makes sense is if you recognize that they are investing more from each paycheck than your VCs are willing to pay. Otherwise your VC “partners” would insist you pay market rate and don’t issue stock. No particular opinion on kratom, but the problem historically with other drugs that produce a dependence is the dependence can exceed the amount someone can afford. The politician argument is that this will make them steal, etc So I’d be careful with “only $x a month” as an argument. Anyway if it is addictive it’s hard to imagine it being more addictive than oxycodone and that is totally legal and aggressively pushed by companies that know exactly how addictive it is, so mostly this goes back to the standard government motto of only making drugs legal if large companies can make a huge profit off it. Anything that can be easily grown by average consumers (like weed) doesn’t meet that requirement and so tends to be illegal. No, my advice is to balance the expected return on your stock against your personal margin of safety - startup companies have younger employees almost entirely due to the reduced cost of the risk. My personal risk level is maybe lower than “I quit my job and started a company”, but I consider my work to have value, and I consider an employer structuring employment agreements such that my return is is given a lower precedence than another investor to be either sign that they do not value my work at at least market rate, and given the risk entailed my expected income should be much greater than market rate. Your claim is basically: startups have been able to screw employees because that’s what startups do. The funding your describing for example is /not/ funding, it’s an extremely high interest loan, and in that case should not be considered a share in the company. I also realized I had not said earlier: the theft in this case did not happen when the company was sold, it happened when one group of shareholders rewrote the company charter for the express purpose of devaluing the shares belong to all employees. This gets to the heart of my problem with the “pro let yourself get screwed” argument: because VC funding is miscategorized as ownership rather than a loan, it is in their interest to screw the people who actually invest in the company. Maybe it makes me unemployable for believing that my work has value and my not believing that “taking on risk” should mean “others should be able to treat my investment in the company as being not real investment” is unrealistic. But I find it hard to feel sorry for anyone stupid enough to sign a contract that has any room to legally discard your investments. Is it bullshit that this company did that? Yes. Is it the employee’s fault that they had their investment stolen: yes. Would I ever sign a contract that allowed someone to dilute my investment in anything without compensation? Of course not, because that’s stupid. Sorry yes for(in) over prototype chains is where mutation of the property list actually becomes visible -- mutating own properties on an object while iterating is specified IIRC, it's what happens when own properties alias properties in the prototype chain, or when mutating properties in the prototype chain. I blame Brendan :D Let’s try to rearrange this to demonstrate that your reasoning that employees are not investors is wrong: Instead of paying employees below market rate, the startup pays employees an actual fair market rate. Note that because of the short term failure risk of a startup a fair market rate is /still/ higher than market rate and an established company. Now each time they receive a paycheck the employees give you back a chunk of the money in exchange for common shares. The end result is the employees have the same amount of cash and shares, and the company has the same amount of cash. Employees working below market rate are investing in the company. Getting paid isn’t “security” it is the part of their income the employee is choosing not to invest in the company. No, did you actually read the article? The “investors” changed the terms of incorporation /after/ they’d accumulated control of the company, specifically to change the payout rules so that only the VC funding got paid. I’m fairly sure the employees are important - you know, the ones who make the company have any value? That said in this case someone took external funding, those “investors” took control of the company, kicked out basically everyone who would work for them (not the company), placed their own executives in the company. Changed the terms of incorporation to make sure that no one else got money. And then the people they put in charge agreed to sell on terms that again favorited only themselves and the VCs, finally the VC ensured that the people they put in charge got paid off nicely. Meanwhile the employees who could not influence any of this - the founders choose the funding terms - got their prior income stolen by having their investment artificially reduced to zero. The founders fucked themselves, but also all of their employees. Who I would bet were not told that their shares were going to be artificially reduced to zero value This article makes it sound like the reason for forcing updates is so that everyone has the same latest and greatest features. While that is useful, the reason for automatic updates is almost entirely security. Microsoft gets burned every time there’s some major exploit happening, even when it doesn’t impact current versions of their software. Everyone gets burned because of the millions of people who never update. People complain about XP not being fixed anymore which is bogus: Microsoft did fix it, with the software releases of the last decade that people refuse to use. I’m not sure this is a good solution, but maybe it’s the best “general” fix. Basically an OS should be able to easily identify when you’re using a platform password field for instance and not interact with the IM (although that causes problems with assistive technologies). But the OS can’t really handle every third party reimplementation of password fields. Presumably a 3rd party solution would be able to rev faster and stay more up to date than the OS. (The risk balance when the OS is involved is higher than for just the IM as if it does break you can always remove the “visor”, but doing so in the os is harder. Own properties are well define (and were in 3.1 IIRC). Deleted properties are not visited, added properties are not visited. But behavior when you deleted an own property that shadowed a property on the proto chain, and what happens when you add such property back. Also the historic spec mandated integer properties on regular objects were iterated in insertion order as well, but V8 chose not to implement that as doing so broke their "Indexed properties are just an array" semantics. Because of the huge perf impact other browsers had to go down that same path. I wouldn't if the new purchasers could - after the sale was complete - rewrite the charter to make only their shares have any value. I need an eli5 for this, attempt at reading makes it sound like i would be able to infer an approximation of encrypted data in the examples that they provide. Basically, if this works as the headline suggests, and my poor understanding of the paper implies we can take their example of competing financial institutions: Two banks share data, that is intended to be secret, and they use this technique to compute some property over the data. Each bank can then do the same computation over there data alone, and compare the resulting model over their data and the result over their competitor’s. From that they can infer the properties of their competitors portfolio, which seems to be leakage of data that is not intended to be possible. Hence I am clearly missing something, which isn’t unexpected as HE is unintuitive to me. I suspect (never written anything substantial) that at least part of it relates to the age of a lot of xnu. Basically think about the state of c++ and c++ compilers two decades ago. I wouldn’t be surprised if that factored into it. As others have said codesize can also be an issue - it’s super easy to make templates produce insane amounts of code, especially in older compilers. A lot of the xnu c++ dates back almost two decades (maybe more?), and abi compatibility kind of screws in terms of changing decisions like this. You can’t really just say “update to a newer version of the language” when you have both API and ABI compatibility constraints. For source you can deprecate APIs, etc so future versions would have an early warning the source changes would be necessary. But that doesn’t help shipping kexts, for that you need ABI stability, which really puts the hammer on changing/updating the features that you use. Many of the C++ features cause exciting binary compatibility problems, and make it super easy to accidentally change the ABI :-/ The vast majority of the increase in average life expectancy is the massive reduction in childhood and childbirth mortality. All of which is a direct result of the massive improvement in the quality of medical care in the 20th century. Not very much genetic impact (such a massive genetic shift would have had to happen in 2-3 generations globally. A genetic source of such a massive change would be incredibly geographically biased: while there has been more more migration in the last hundred year than at any prior point in history, a genetic change would require a complete spread through the source population) The point of the paper was to operate over data without decrypting, the exact scenario they gave was competing finance companies, that are clearly not going to share keys. Also if you had all of the decryption keys you’d just decrypt the data and use the raw data. They explicitly state that it is only fast in the context of HE problems - being multiple orders of magnitude slower than techniques you can use on raw data (they actually said “fast” - complete with the quotes, which I appreciated) Oh? Is that how they do it? I recall getting confused about the security guarantees of some HE paper the was on HN a while ago, and someone finally explained that you only get the security guarantees if you have randomness injected. It's much like some of the long german words which are literally just a series of concatenated words. I assume that 1000s of years ago german and maori students were struggling to get essays completed under some unreasonably tight word limit. This was their solution, and the subsequently buried the evidence. We diverged from apes around 7 million years ago, so assuming a way higher than reasonable average generation time of 50 years gives you 140k generations. If we assume a more reasonable turn around (based on 15 being a marriage worthy age in Romeo and Juliet) we easily get around 300k generations. That’s actually quite a lot for evolution to play with. TLDR: a startup takes the existing survey data and uses it to highlight the region on a map. Missippi says that this is an act of surveying - equating it to a person out on site with little flags and the neat looking tripod thing that surveyors use. I wouldn’t consider that surveying, anymore than I would consider a friend a surveyor if they printed a map and circled their house on it. If we were being more extreme: according to missippi if you printed a bunch of copies of a satellite picture and drew outlines of each property, you would be a surveyor. Given I have done this for OSM that means I am now a surveyor. My rates start at $500 per line. A lot of productivity gurus and life coach-style authors are simply the survivor on bias (or whatever it is called, brain is blanking). Basically they did X, and they are successful, so they recommend doing what they did as a path to success. Of course as xkcd said, a lottery winner could logically follow the same pattern by recommending people buy lottery tickets. Collectively all large corps in America have too much power, so i’ll assume we mean “more power than the other corporations” I’m that case I’ll believe that they’re “too powerful” when a tech company mismanages itself to bankruptcy and gets a bail out from tax payer funds. Or when other companies are forced by the government to use (and pay more for) software and tech from a specific company or group of companies (maybe software from “defense” contractors counts?). Until then i’ll continue to believe that banks, coal, and oil companies have too much power. Streams are stored so you can watch after the fact, in which case it’s basically TV. There’s no requirement that you only watch while they’re online. How many of these streamers are just “I enjoy this game” and stream for the hell of it? Surely a bunch of the people with zero/few followers just don’t care? So close! Yup this is another article going “we aren’t living longer we’ve just stopped The oldest retirement age for senators in the US is 62. Alternatively anything over 50 if you’ve served more than 20 years. Or any time at all once you’ve worked 25 years. Of course they’ve also ensured retirement for them is retirement with full pay. I’d love to get to retire with full pay after 25 years. I thought that was gpu manufacturer issue? I recall Nvidia specifically had a lot of issues across many oems. The irony (hoping I’m not doing an Alanis here) of he being an audio only video is excruciating. Again: I am super done with 5+ minute videos that would be faster to read and more universally available as an article or slideshow. I can’t comment on the content because I’m not somewhere I can listen, and I don’t want to spend 20 minutes listening. No. The article references plenty of existing implanted devices, but fails to acknowledge the real difference: Pacemakers, insulin pumps, joints, brain stimulators (I forget what they’re called), the many hearing implants are all for you. Your own benefit. No one else. An implant for your boss/company is only harmful to you. It is chosen to help your employer, not you, so the benefit doesn’t go to you. The downsides: reactions, complications, etc all fall on you. Even if they were required to pay for and/or compensate you for the harm companies are very good at not paying, and some complications are permanent (death, loss of function, scarring). No thank you, even if my boss is willing to let me put an implant in them (which we know would never happen) Sorry, I cannot parse what you’re attacking? The article for calling out that “redistributing sex” is insane, or the original senators claiming that sex redistribution is a good idea? The article was laying out why that was a daft idea by going into detail about what it would actually mean, rather than just the sound bite from politicians saying “maybe we can appease incels by requiring people have sex with them”. It illustrated the folly in numerous ways, most importantly (in my mind and for this specific case) that incels are generally able bodied young-middle aged men who wouldn’t be considered unduly prevented from getting laid themselves (vs the disabled and elderly). Also monogamy doesn’t solve this problem at all: that’s basically the same as saying the solution to people being unable to get a relationship is for them to have a relationship. The video takes 13 minutes, so the subtitles also take 13 minutes (that’s why I explicitly mentioned time). So even if I did read it at the extraordinarily slow rate of spoken word, it would not contain information that could have been conveyed in an article that took 13 minutes to read. As for “lots of great examples”: I have literally no problem with videos in an article, that’s one of the big advantages articles on the web have over printed pages. I suspect that with a textual summary on each clip and the detailed body article the actual value of the example would be much better. I think a good way of assessing the time/value of a video like this would be to copy out the transcript, and then put the appropriate clip at each point in the article. If you do that you’ll find there is way less information than warrants a 13 minute video. [edit: it’s 13 minutes, not 20. Who knows how my brain got there, but that will teach me for not verifying numbers before posting them :)] Haha, my bad for not checking the time - I’d swear I read 20, but I’m also fairly certain no one edited and reposted the video in the intervening time :D The irony was that the value proposition benefited people with hearing over those with limited or none. I’m going to try and just list very simple issues with your “read the subtitles” vs my “write an article” desire: * reading a subtitles is slower than reading block text, both due to implicit blocking that most people use while reading (vs explicit blocking of trained speed readers). * reading is outright harder due to the text being on moving backgrounds (this is probably limiting your comfortable reading speed). * the video is meant to be providing relevant examples, but this means you are forcing the reader to try and do two visually demanding tasks at once: reading the text, and watching the video, and by default the text is overlaid on top of the video. This also further contributes to the slower than normal reading speed. * bandwidth: to read the subtitles I need to be watching, and therefore downloading, the video, and the audio. Also it means I’m downloading video content that I have literally no need for: the graphics that fill in the time between examples. Note I’m not attacking the content, but rather than presentation of that content. I suspect those countries various open access laws will prohibit submitting state funded research in inaccessible journals. Remember that you have to pay money to submit a paper to nature, they don't pay the peer reviewers, they charge for access to the journals, and they have ads. Whenever Elsevier say that they add value it is imperative that you recognise that they do not pay for /anything/ that they publish, and in fact get paid by submissions (literally you pay to submit, not to publish), and you agree not to publish it anywhere else, or even just post it on your own website. It missed my favorite: contravariant arrays (or is it covariant, I last did work on this more than a decade ago. Specifically you can do (forgive syntax it’s also been a long time since I wrote java) X = new String[10] Ovject[] o = X o[0] = 1; // this will auto box, and then fail at runtime Note that this isn’t a “bug” as it predates any version of generics so collection types especially are much saber if you support this. That said it does result in a logical error in which you can’t assign something that looks like it should be fine. .Net unfortunately picked up this design decision in order to support java on their vm. For point 1, it’s not incels saying sex should be redistributed. The incel mentality is that they are /owed/ sex in exchange for being “nice” to someone (typically a woman, but I’m sure that their a gay incels). The people suggesting redistribution of sex are politicians in response to the incel who went on a rampage killing people because he couldn’t get laid. For 3 sex work is work , like any job it can have fun bits, but at the same time I know former sex workers (weirdly enough it’s a field that becomes less employable as you get older) who said it was a lot of work. You aren’t necessarily doing things you enjoy, but you have to appear like you do. Also apparently golden showers are/were popular which meant they were drinking continuously and holding it. Chafing is a thug, etc. It hasn’t got anything to do with that, what the exceedingly clickbaity headline is actually talking about is that QCs are more able to reverse computation. I’m unclear /exactly/ what they are trying to say as all QC gates are required to be reversible, but it seems that they’re trying to say that to make a computation reversible on a classical computer you in general (eg worst case) need to store all the state (massive memory cost) or recompute from the beginning, or somewhere in between (eg when skipping back in a video, a player is generally going to compute relative to the nearest iframe). In QC this extra memory isn’t needed as every computation /must/ be reversible so you just run the program backwards, and rely on the increased state that can be stored in each qubit (a lot of the exponential => polynomial performance improvements basically seem to boil down to each individual qubit being able to represent exponentially more state than a single bit). Maybe that’s helpful? I’m not super sure as the places where QC is faster than classical computation is pretty much only places where you can trade off exponential time for exponential state. E.g. problems that you can’t plausibly use a classical computer in the first place. Well I certainly misread that title. I literally thought someone had weaponised (or whatever Batman like thing) exhaust. Dumb question I’m too lazy to effectively google: what is FANG? (Assuming we’re not talking vampires) Many publications prohibit publishing your papers on a university website - you’re only allowed to provide the papers in response to emails etc This is like the new bart cars in the Bay Area. They can’t run on all the tracks, because “reasons”: I cant recall whether they damage existing tracks or what it was, but regardless they can only operate on one line. I do not understand why when ordering new trains/trolleys the cities are not including contractual obligations that the cars work on existing infrastructure. There seems to be this weird obsession in a lot of the corporate world that the way to grow is to cut spending. This increases profit% in the short to mid term, at the cost of actual absolute profit, especially in the longer term. Shrug. :D They also don't pay reviewers. The costs for a journal are only the cost of sending a webpage (which they charge what, $30 for?), the paper journal itself (for some absurd amount each year). They do not pay the authors for the content, they do not pay the reviewers (who are the "added value" they harp on about). They're basically a tool that converts tax payer money (the vast majority of those people writing papers are paid in part or entirely by tax payer funds) into private money for the publisher. The submission requirements explicitly require authors to not make any papers they submit available elsewhere. I’d be more interested in “this is faster than X” claims if it does a fair comparison - pushing the implementation out of the header. Otherwise (depending on operation) inlining ends up significantly throwing off performance numbers. That said it’s much easier to make faster than libN string libraries if you don’t have abi constraints to deal with. This uses any value struct to hold much of its metadata which causes all sorts of abi issues - basically, if your own app uses this it can’t expose it to plugins or anything, otherwise any update could break existing compiled plugins. Cheap before it went under seems to be the consensus I’m aware of. There is no real disincentive to sign up, and if you saw any movies you saved money - I think it would have probably made financial sense to sign up before buying tickets and just use it as a discount. The important thing though is that it does not cost those customers when it fails (unless they haven’t seen a movie since their last payment) as the break even for customers was afaict a single movie. Wedding cakes are such an unnecessary expense - I’m not going to say a rip-off because the impressive looking ones clearly take a ton of time to make - but if you don’t care about them looking like “amazing one of a kind” cakes a regular bakery can make super tasty non-sheet cakes for a reasonable amount. We used the sadly defunct sweet inspiration in SF (sf rent prices happened afaik) and it was I think 35-40/each for three cakes which was fine. Venue was still the biggest expense - I think all up we were somewhere in the 5-10k range which was apparently “cheap” o_O I think part of the problem for “elevated”, “art house”, etc horror films is that the majority of “horror” films these days are more torture porn than drama/plot, and more “jump scare” than tension. I feel like the original “cube” ushered in the realization that you could make a “popular” movie that was not a block buster actually be profitable if you kept the costs close to zero. So we get movies that don’t require well known actors (the star is the fx) with few sets (cube essentially had two). I thought I had a point but now I don’t know what it was, so I’ll leave this comment half way done, just like my old high school essays :) I mean specifically the current (15-20 year) increase in this genre, with the intention of showing in mainstream theatres. Shoestrings budget films have existed pretty much as long as motion cameras have been generally available. But these are specifically created because they are cheap (relatively) to make and sell enough tickets to get into mainstream theatres, which produces much higher profits than other genres on shoestring budgets. Note of course that all of this is the general case - there are obviously exceptions in every direction. I wasn’t saying that they are “shitty films” - movies like saw, etc are clearly popular, but don’t have the drama (as in acting, not crazy coworkers) that film reviewers like. The problem for movies like Get Out and the quiet one (blanking on the name), is that they get placed in the “horror” bucket, which is increasingly dominated by the Saw-style torture porn movies. I’m not entirely sure that I particularly buy the articles arguments, I think it’s more a reflection of which sub-genre is perceived by the general populace as reflecting the genre as a whole. As with many things the dominant sub-genre changes over time. The author seems to want a specific sub-genre to be regarded as the actual definition of the whole genre rather than allowing the overall perception of what a genre should be to change over time. For instance the article is talking about the horror genre, and the torture vs suspense sub genres. But we can look elsewhere as well - compare what was considered an “action” movie in the 80s, vs 90s, vs 00s, vs today. We can see as the popularity of different genres ebbs over time. For action movies the sub genres /could/ be meaningful plot vs explosions and everywhere in between. Modern action movies (super heroes) try to have character development, 80s and 90s less so (predator, which might also be considered “horror”). And I’m rambling incoherently so I’ll be off :) Seems via specific? Rather than “all x86” Has string theory made any testable predictions yet? They’ve had 20-30 years and it seems with every generation of particle accelerator they simply discard the current version of the theory and make the strings/membranes/whatever smaller and/or occupy yet more dimensions to justify them to still not be testable. Is it really worth articles saying “string theory may not be compatible with X”, when it could just be “unproven/unprovable hypothesis doesn’t work with new data” Hasn’t this report already been debunked or is it a different one? (Edit: it is, and it shows evidence of data duplication and manipulation: https://arxiv.org/abs/1808.02929 ) Fast hashes are not inherently insecure - in fact you want hashing to be as fast as possible. You may be confusing the general case of hashing data, with the specific case of hashing passwords. The goal of the former is to provide a hash such that the likelihood of any arbitrary objects hashing to the same value is proportional to the square of the hash size (I think?), for cryptographic hashes their are additional goals like the hash output being uniform across all inputs, and that changing any single bit in the input should on average change half the bits in the output, etc. that’s because the use case is validation of a single input - eg verifying your download isn’t corrupt or whatever. For passwords the goal is different - you’re generally dealing with small objects, and so the cost of an “expensive” hash being measure in milliseconds is acceptable - the expectation being that people generally don’t get them wrong. But the attack scenario here is an attacker with a password hash wanting to brute force a large number of passwords to find the one that hashes to it. Given large is potentially very large, it doesn’t take a huge amount of time per hash to make the attack non viable. This particular version is hashing of the former type, without cryptographic concerns. It’s goal - to my reading - is to be a hash function that achieves something close to a single bit change flipping half the bits, while also guaranteeing that no two values hash to the same value. Particle accelerator research has resulted in theories and equipment as a byproduct of what they found - either proving or disproving specific theories, or by producing new or unexpected results. The last of which results in new theories to explain those results. Those new theories producing “useful results”. MRIs and PET scans were the result of theories that only came about as a result of data that came out of particle accelerators. The goal of the accelerators was never specifically “develop new medical imaging devices”, it was simply the “basic research” that makes thing like that possible in the future. From when I lived there it basically boils down to two opposing forces: 1. People believe that there should be support systems in place so that homeless people don’t just die all the time. 2. (Kind of General American thing): the government must never give money, healthcare, welfare sufficient to have a place to live, etc to anyone. Because handouts result in “dependence”, “welfare cheats”, etc Anyway, part 1 means that if you are homeless, for whatever reason, you’re better off being homeless in a place like SF (esp given its relatively mild climate). But once you are homeless it’s incredibly hard to stop being homeless. That’s ignoring other issues : * the group that wants to ensure homes for the homeless intersects heavily with the group that fights against new housing/“gentrification” * many of the well off mostly want to force the homeless to go somewhere else, and don’t want any of “their” money being spent on providing homes Etc, etc That was literally the first thing that came to mind (I was going to make the same comment). The change isn't that there has been an increase in demand, just that clearly nonsense "skilled workers" in the contracting companies have been blocked. Seriously, I don't see how a contracting firm could ever justify the kinds of "specialized experience", etc requirements of a - by definition - generic software developer. Many many techies are libertarian, which very much aligns with the GOP (especially these days, even if in theory they shouldn't). E.g. the mantra of the welfare cheat, pulling themselves up by their shoestrings, self made, etc, etc... In fairness, the first sentence is 100% true: beliefs and competence are very different things, as any real competent person would know ;D But many democrats, while believing in "helping X" still have the American "you can't give people money" ideal. SF has many incredibly good systems for helping the homeless - medical care, varying amounts of temporary shelter (SROs are kind of required in SF, but it's terribly implemented, and doesn't actually give people a place to live, just sleep). But the help for the homeless does not involve giving money, but you need money to pay rent, so your only real option is to remain homeless. Honestly though, I feel there's so much accumulated cruft it would take decades to deal with homelessness in America. For instance, if you turn around and give money to the homeless tomorrow the first problem you'll hit is there are now a few thousand additional people competing for the already limited housing in SF. The decades of mismanagement of mental health in CA mean that you have a huge population of mentally ill who are homeless and may not have cognitive resources to make use of (or even get) the money. You also have to deal with decades of drug [ab?]use in the long term homeless - simply having access to a home isn't going to resolve that. I really like this response, I would totally understand if they sent up follows ups "we're really sorry...", but this seems like a really neat response. I'd be really interested if at the end of the cycle they published the success stats vs. their original invitee success stats. I would expect a lower overall success result - I'm sure there are startups that would never work ("our business model is to just directly give our VC money to our users and profit on scale") they would be denied, but it would be curious how the stats diverged. e.g. comparing overall performance when controlling for gender, race, religion, field, etc The issue isn’t what the hardware can do, but rather that the C spec leaves it undefined. Over the last decade have increasingly abused this idea basically making the spec a land mine of UB and then claiming that UB allows them to do whatever they want, even when the programmer intent is obvious. That said in modern clang and gcc you can (and should) use the overflow builtins which are all essentially: Bool __builtin_[operation]_overflow(type a, type b, type* out) Returning true if the operation overflowed. These produce “ideal” code, e.g if(overflowoperation(x,y,&out)) ... Produces the platform branch on overflow instructions. The correct thing to do these days is to use compiler builtins, but assuming you can’t (such misery), the correct thing to do for multiplication involves division (because the performance cost of treating multiplication as fixed width 2s complement is so high ;) ) Specifically for X = a * b You have to do: If (b == 0) X = 0 Else if (MAX(type of X) / b >= a) X = a * b Else Handle overflow error Oof Oof, that seems like a challenge. I’m not sold on basic income, I think a solid welfare system would in effect be “basic income” for low/no income people, but By essentially having a tapering payout as the recipients earnings increase you resolve a number of issues BI produces. I do think it’s an interesting idea to have essentially a private fund do a real world experiment, I’m just not sure of the long term feasibility. The problem you have is that the addition of a basic income does not result in any increase in the funds available to you. For a government back system, BI theoretically should result in an over all increase in tax revenue that can then fund said BI, while also reducing the amount spent on poverty related disease, illness, crime, etc. (to be clear I’m not saying poor people are criminals, just that some crime is a result of poverty - theft of food, “crimes” like prostitution, etc). Anyway, good luck to you fine folk! There has been an ever increasing creep of undefined behaviour, which has broken existing code - type punning through unions was literally the “correct” mechanism for type coercion, which then became invalid when they established new, questionable, type aliasing rules that rendered it UB. The new type aliasing rules also mean that you can’t implement memcpy/memmove/bzero/memset without hitting UB. That requires hacks in the spec treatment of type aliasing to work around. Hell, even Malloc/free technically is UB due to type aliasing. Obviously there is signed integer overflow, which has resulted in numerous security flaws for questionable performance gains. Then there are other fun things, like technically it is UB for bzero to skip padding bytes in a struct (because that is UB), which means bzero(&somestruct, siseof(somestruct)) is not technically guaranteed to clear all of the struct, so I hope there’s not any secrets in left over memory. Yup you are right on that, but the obvious way to check for overflow is UB so gets optimized out. Many security bugs in code people thought was correct. The correct, standard compliant non-UB way to check for the overflow requires a zero check and a division. It’s super non obvious. I like to imagine C committee has made standardized definition for the current builtins but I also have low expectations. Works in practice resulted in the compilers adding security bugs - literally this article is about overflow checks that worked perfectly fine until the mid-2000s when compiler engineers realized they could abuse UB of overflow for “performance” and then a mountain of previously safe code became insecure. That’s my understanding - a lot of the low power devices were big endian as for whatever reason big endian and risc seemed heavily correlated for decades, similarly the early mainframes and whatnot were big endian which is why a lot of network protocols use big endian formats.