Nope, this will never catch on. The minute they realize that the exact same principles they use to subvert al-Qaeida propaganda can be used against their own propaganda, they will have to shut down the program. You can't teach critical thinking, humour and satire to your army and not have them use the same tools against you. I haven't checked out the original paper, but the solution presented on the blog is a non-solution. It only works for ascii characters and words composed out of ascii. When you reuse someone elses code, you always get stuck with someone elses assumptions. In this case, that English is the only language and that the regular expression [A-Za-z] encompasses all possible letters in the world. The shell solution, built upon standard tools, can not be extended to work in an international context but a custom solution in Python (or even Pascal) quite concievably could. But your assertion was that this was an easy problem solved with just a few lines of shell code. That assertion is only true in an extremely limited context where the only language possible is English and the only character encoding is ascii. That's where the Unix tools shines because they are great at handling problems easily expressable as regular expressions. But it is not a very realistic example, nor a fair comparison. > As bryanlarsen pointed out, the shell solution can easily be extended by using an internationalized version of tr. You should try that and then blog about it. :) I've spent lots of time battling issues with ascii-centric libraries. My conclusion is that it is not easy at all which is not strange because tools like tr and sed were written decades before unicode support became a must have. I can't say that it is impossible to write a shell script to count words in a text written in Arabic script, but it doesn't seem easy. Does it really make sense to think about Germany as a separate entity from the rest of the Euro Zone? Economically, I think Germany is more like the center of a huge country with Spain and Greece being the poorer provinces... It is a very strange situation caused by too diverse countries having the same currency. Say what?? I, for one, LIKED the submission a lot! The Wikipedia Redefined site is a great way to present a design proposal from an outsider. The redesign had some flaws, like not fully accounting for i18n and accessability issues, but there where some great nuggets in there too. Such as using a stylized W instead of the plain boring W as the favicon. It is so sad that people instead choose to criticize the flaws and ignoring the good and valuable ideas just so they can be extra critical. I have a site with lots of statistics, tables, charts and similar stuff. As you can understand, fetching all that data from the database to render the analytical charts is fairly expensive. My solution is to first render the page template and send it back to the client as quickly as possible with all statistics widgets empty. Then the page makes a few ajax calls to fetch the data from the server to render the pie and bar charts widgets. It works very well for a human visitor. The page loads extremely quickly and the widgets rendered using javascript and ajax are below the fold anyway so it doesn't matter that they are visible 500 ms later than the initial page load. Unfortunately it is crap for Googlebot which never runs the ajax calls and never "sees" my pretty graphs which leads it to think I have a much more boring site than what it really is. So that is my need to "app-ify" my site and my, as of yet unfulfilled, need for a framework that is able to provide Googlebot with an accurate view of my appified site. Awesome stuff! But wont you get into trouble with Google for this site? Because it is like Spotify, except much better. :) Previously, I used http://www.youtube-mp3.org/ to conveniently listen to music on youtube, but it apparently ran into legal issues. No stop it! Don't defend autoconf, it is not worth it and the software does not deserve it. Users of autoconf, that is developers that try to use that POS to build their software definitely experiences its pains. It is not just that M4 is a horribly ugly, badly, inconsistent language. You also have about a million leaky caches in the build process to deal with. Autoconf rewrites the build scripts in three stages, each which is cached and also keeps an autom4te.cache directory around. So what happens is that you update something in the M4 build script and then have to spend hours hunting down why the change didn't change anything because some stupid autoconf cache wasn't flushed. What autoconf has done is to separate free software developers into two categories. Those who can hack the source (the .c and .h files) and those who understand the "autoconf magic." It should be telling that people refer to it as "magic" - it's a f ing build system, not rocket science. The only reason this ugly piece of software has lived on is because people treat it as some kind of magical device and inertia. Configuring and building software is an easy problem. It gets even easier if you finally decide to drop support for 30 year old unices that no one uses. The autoconf team consistently refuses to do that which why the software wont ever become better. CMake, SCons, Waf and probably half a dozen more tools all do a much better job configuring software than autoconf ever will. People really need to try those alternatives and I'm sure they will realize autoconf needs to die, die, DIE. You sound a lot like my colleagues when I tell them why I much favor dynamic languages like Ruby and Python over Java. :) They listen politely to my arguments, then shrug their shoulders and go "meh, Java works fine for me". CVS users are the same when it comes to Subversion users who are the same when it comes to Git users. It doesn't matter for a "works fine" person how many faults their current tool has or how much smoother "your" tool solves all those problems, they won't listen. Logic doesn't work maybe because it is very hard for them to get used to something new. Maybe because if you haven't experienced any alternatives it is very hard to imagine that something could be better. Anyone care to explain what the author mean by: "Pair programming is like those girls that go to the restaurant bathroom together."? It sounds like a funny analogy but it's just pure gibberish. The point of the article seem to be to get reactions, not tell you anything about Agile. I love this! At a few previous workplaces I could have put this project to good use in our mail delivery system. But it is still a testament to the huge difference between doing something and doing something right. Uninformed people just don't get how hard it actually is to send mail. Especially if you have a large distribution list and it is important that your mail does not get caught in over-zealous spam filters. Those people you can point to this project to prove that it takes time and effort to do something as seemingly simple as mailing right. It is the same with i18n. You can't just i18n:ize a site by storing the text translations in the database and showing the right translation based on the browsers Accept-Language header. It becomes a hugely more complex issue when you consider stuff like search engines, date formatting, currency formatting, whether sunday is the start of the week or not and so on. Well, yes, mostly. But you also want your email to be read, not only delivered. Your email mail also contain some kind of CTA (call-to-action, website to visit and so on...) which you are trying to get the reader to respond to. Those numbers may be higher with well designed "beautiful" html mails than plain text ones. Lastly, you may want to measure how many people actually opens and reads your mail and when they do it, instead of just letting it languish in your inbox. It's trivial to do by embedding tracking pixels in the html mail, but impossible in plain text ones. Personally, I abhor html mails like the plague, and the people who believe that bold facing or underlining some text somehow makes it easier to decipher some meaning from the text, but they do have a purpose. Mostly for marketing purposes I admit. So lots of people gather on HN because it is so good and soon enough someone realizes that posting links on HN is a good way to gather page hits. It's downhill from there. People begin to post not only about others startups they find interesting, but about their own ones too for fun and profit. Intentionally or unintentionally astro turfing. Then genuinely intersting links also gets accused of being link bait or of promoting some business. Not before long you'll find shady ads on various forums selling links on HN: "tons of karma, 2yr acnt, $20$/ppost" Not a single site built on user submitted content have been able to withstand that plague. I don't care about the other requirements, but the part where you get in if you have a degree from Stanford or MIT is downright mean. Those schools costs tens of thousands of dollars to attend to per semester but does not make you a better developer than having gone to a cheaper college. There is no correlation between the amount of dollars you spend on your education and how educated you are. There is a correlation between having rich parents that can pay for it and going to an expensive school. But I wish people would stop perpetuating this myth about how a great school automatically makes their alumni great. The schools themselves aren't going to do it because expensive fees is what they live on. People who spent that kind of money aren't either because they gain a lot of free and undeserved opportunities from the reputation the school has. But we, the smart techies should know better. George W Bush graduated from Yale for gods sake. Ah, the slippery slope argument. "If WE aren't tight on the rules, the site will quickly degernate into a useless mess." Where have I heard that before? On Wikipedia. It vastly overstates the job of those that delete stuff. They aren't the ones creating a great site. Those that ask and answer questions are. I'd gladly pay £100 or more.. If I actually believed the product would work on me. However, there is so much crap and scams on the internet that it is hard to believe a web site programme would be effective. All the thousands of "get abs in six weeks!" ads has made me cynical. Maybe if someone I trusted had taken the programme and could recommend it to me it would put be over the trust threshold. I think your so question shows exactly why generics are useful. A solution where you pass a callback predicate to the iterating function would work in Go, but be much slower than one in which the predicate logic can be inlined. E.g. if your image is 1920x1200 you would need to call the function that checks if the pixel is opaque 2.3 million times. That approach works ok in Python and Ruby which do not mind being a little on the slow side, but Go is supposed to be closer to the metal so something more efficient is needed. Ah, nothing like some good union-bashing from the economy journalists. Countries like France, Germany, Spain, Japan among others have much more powerful unions than the US, yet they are able to upgrade their rail infrastructure. Either the article is bull or American unions are for some reason more "evil" than in the rest of the world. > Who should I look to for an answer to this problem? In the US, unskilled labour costs are lower than in the rest of the industrialized world. Therefore there is less incentive to replace labour intensive jobs like train conductors with electronic systems that have a high initial capital cost. The Nordic countries and Japan have the most industrial robots per worker because wage costs are very high. But then you have to think everytime whether you should put parantheses there or not. Is the code readable without parantheses? Should I put them there in case someone reads the code in a year and doesn't know about the problem domain ... ? It is not much, but it is extra cognitive load that is wasted. It's akin to programming C and everytime you write a function, if statement or for loop you have to ponder whether it looks best to put the opening brace below the line or at the end of it. I hate reading code with an inconsistent brace placement style like that. But that is fixing the symptom, not curing the disease. Throwing out the guy that manipulates Wikipedia for personal gains stops him, but not any of his peers that are also subverting the project. It is very unlikely that not a lot of governments and corporations have realized how hugely important Wikipedia has become. Therefore I don't think this guy was alone. In the future, people astro turfing Wikipedia will be more careful to avoid being caught but they wont at all disappear. Another way: len(filter(p, xs)) Yes, I'm aware of that. But my philosophy is to always try to conserve keystrokes wherever possible. Premature optimization is the root of all evil and all that. :) For the same reason I prefer to use dict.items() over dict.iteritems() and range() over xrange() and so on. Playing poker, like Texas Hold-Em is definitely a game of skill and not luck. It is absolutely possible to still make big bucks on it if you are skilled enough. My brother used to live a fairly decadent life thanks to his poker winnings from a few years ago. However, that was at the peak of the world wide poker craze where everyone thought they could be millionares by playing Paradise Poker a few hours per day. But the times have changed in online poker and there aren't enough whales around that the poker sharks can exploit for profit anymore. The only way to consistently make money playing poker is if the skill differential between you and your opponents is high enough and in your favor. The lower the difference, the more time it takes to make a profit, the lower your hourly wage gets. On top of that, you can suffer fluctuations or "bad beats" as they call it. One week you may win 100k only to lose it the next week. It is a very stressful situation if poker is your work and you need to win. There is a definite risk of burning out. 85k isn't a lot when it takes 8-10h per day of really boring online poker playing. How would you feel if someone was doing a 10x better job than you? That's the difference between a brilliant engineer and an average one. It doesn't matter if the guy is the nicest person on earth, people will feel threatened by that kind of skill. I don't know how to deal with that situation, the normal human response seem to be to ostracize outliers which an extremely talented developer is. One important difference between how that completion works and zsh's is that zsh cycles between the available completions if you repeatedly type tab. E.g. if you have the files [less01.png, less02.png, less03.png] and type "eog less " in bash will show you the files. Press tab again and it will list the files again. In zsh, the second tab press would fill in "less01.png", then "less02.png" and so on. It's a matter of preference which completion strategy is the best, yes. :) But for me I've found that zsh's way to do it saves me many more keystrokes than bash's way. That almost works. But it seems like you can't have tab to both bring up a list of completions and cycle through completions which zsh does. I made a python script to time the different approaches: https://gist.github.com/3839551 AFAICT, the parent and the interviewer is right because both methods run in roughly the same time because the time of the binary search is orders of magnitude greater than the upper bound finding part. I might have made one or more mistakes though. Hogwash. For every skilled craftsman you can find, I can find ten other idiots making ten times as much money thanks to being born in the right family. Skilled developers recognize that rockstar developers can be ten times as productive as average ones. I haven't ever heard of any developers making ten times the average salary or even double the average. Stock brokers are regularly getting beaten by monkeys when it comes to betting on the stock market, yet they are among the top earners in society. It's just insane to suggest that salaries are fair or that skill is in any way correlated to income. Unless you believe that making lots of money proves that you are good at what you are doing, which makes the whole argument a tautology. Edit: Also, the best work I've done is all open source. It isn't all very good stuff (far from it!), but it certainly is both more valuable and better than the corporate code I write for a living. Then there is http://www.ohloh.net/ that tries to estimate the labour costs of various open source projects. People have plowed thousands of hours of unpaid work into some of the highest regarded software projects on earth just for fun. They will never get properly compensated for their work. "From each according to his ability, to each according to his work." is the famous slogan of Socialism, but it certainly isn't how the world currently operates. The only way you can claim that a developer can make 10x the regular salary, is to have that developer do something other more profitable than development and claim that that makes him or her more excellent. It's a circular argument: "you are doing something that makes lots of money, therefore what you are doing is more excellent than someone making less money." No, making money is about being good at making money. Not to perform outstanding work. The quote is right, "From each according to his ability, to each according to his need" is for Communism, which has a different slogan than Socialism. I think most of your objections can be countered with "don't work with idiots." That none is hired should be managements top priority in every workplace. I can't argue against you because I don't know the specifics. But to me, it seems those that are the most worried about themselves being assholes are the least assholish of people. People who do behave as genuine assholes never reflect upon their own behaviour. One problem, which I suppose is hard to do something about, is that lines are not hyphenated. Blocks of text looks much more aesthetically pleasing if they are. That's the reason I'm reluctantly still writing my CV in Latex - it's the only software that handles hyphenation and kerning really well. But isn't it a big problem that all the blog posts are loaded using Javascript? It means your blog will be fully invisible to Googlebot and anyone coming from search engines. The purpose of a blog is, at least partially, to have readers but loading content via Javascript makes that harder to get. Then why doesn't this search return any posts? https://www.google.com/#hl=en&safe=off&sclient=psy-a... Doesn't seem to work for me. It could be that I'm running Ubuntu (assuming you are on OS X) and my version of wkhtmltopdf (0.9.9) uses an older version of webkit that doesn't have support for hyphenation yet. Sorry, the reason I assumed OS X was because Safari seem to have better hyphenation support than current Linux browser rendering engines. See http://caniuse.com/css-hyphens and http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5356752/webkit-hyphenatio... Tobacco has anti-psychotic properties which can help to alleviate the effects of schizophrenia, which is one reason almost all schizo patients smoke. Alcohol on the other hand can make the condition worse because it has psychotic properties. Marijuana is both psychotic and anti-psychotic so how that will affect the patient is more unclear. There are several wrong things with that post. First of the PKG_CHECK_MODULES macro checks that pkg-config is present on the system and presents a nice error message if it isn't. Second, PKG_CHECK_MODULES can be used to specify several dependencies: PKG_CHECK_MODULES(DEP, foo udev >= 999 neverhere) Then if one or more of the dependencies aren't met, all problems are shown: Package foo was not found in the pkg-config search path. Perhaps you should add the directory containing `foo.pc' to the PKG_CONFIG_PATH environment variable No package 'foo' found Requested 'udev >= 999' but version of udev is 175 Package neverhere was not found in the pkg-config search path. Perhaps you should add the directory containing `neverhere.pc' to the PKG_CONFIG_PATH environment variable No package 'neverhere' found It may not seem like much, but for someone not used to compiling stuff from source it means a lot that all missing dependencies are shown at once. A sloppy shell script to check for the same dependencies would mean that the user would first see "foo not found" and go and download that package, then "udev >= 175 required" and when that is fixed the third error and so on. Also, the error message "You can download mono from www.go.mono.com" isn't very useful for most Linux users. The correct remedy on distros that ship with devel packages is to figure out the name of the package that supplies the include headers and pkg-config file and istall that. pkg-configs error message aren't that great either, but at least they are easily recognizable. In my opinion, autoconf is a very misguided build system. It is designed so that it should have no other requirements on the compiling users system other than a POSIX environment, a shell and a C compiler. It is a completely unnecessary constraint because nowadays everyone is able to install great languages like Python, Ruby, Scheme and many others much more suitable for writing build configuration systems than shell script. There is no point anymore in using the M4 language to generate a 1000 line configure script when a 50 line Python/Ruby/$OtherNiceScriptingLanguage would work just as well. > Was software reinvented in the past few years while I was sleeping? > Is functional programming taking over the world? Yes and yes, and it's awesome! :) Previously functional programming was mostly an academic pursuit but in the last decade it has definitely entered the mainstream. Once you understand FP, you become a much more skilled programmer and can make more efficient solutions even in languages not designed for FP like C. > Is understanding things like Monads and Promises now a must have > for anyone calling themselves a programmer / developer / software engineer / hacker? I don't understanding it per se is the water branching point. Instead the difference between an "office drone engineer" and a hacker is a natural curiosity and interest in learning new things. An office drone will say "damn! now i have to learn this NEW thing, argh." A hacker will instead enjoy it and have a very fun time learning about monads. I don't know if I agree that learning technologies that does not prove to be commercially viable are a waste of time. You can learn a lot from a topic even if it is not directly related to your income. Machine learning is a hobby of mine, which I, sadly, haven't had the chance to work with professionally. But by learning about it, I think my mind has sharpened and I think I now have a much better grasp of linear algebra which is related to my work. Similar experiences can probably be derived by learning about JavaFX, like understanding its pretty smart canvas api. Silverlight has, I don't know, state of the art drm technology for video streaming? The point is that learning is almost always a good investment that pays off. If you love what you are learning about, then the investment becomes much smaller and the payoff almost immediate. I don't get it. Is the library for progressively loading html content? So that you can use multiple threads to handle one request and therefore get higher performance? From the examples given, it is hard to see why regular template rendering wouldn't work just as well. Do people appreciate unsolicited mails from freelance developers? Seems like spamming to me. Also, if you are looking for work why would you waste time with someone who probably does not have any to offer? Blogspot? It's dirt simple to setup, you get your own subdomain and there are millions of things to customize. I'm using it for my blog ( http://bjourne.blogspot.se/ ) and am satisfied with it. The google+ integration and fool-proof spam detection are nice benefits. So the idea is that companies bid against each other on talent? What is to stop them from colluding and bidding just the current bid + 1? E.g. the first company bids 150k, the next one 151k and so on. Also, are the companies supposed to bid on the candidates without even having met them? What if someone has a kick-ass work history but turns out to be a tool in real life? As a Linux user, malicious exe-files doesnt concern me much, but random joksters trying to get me to click on goatse-links does. It especially sucks when you're at work and you thought it was a link to a page describing matrix multiplication. I think that a modern browser should protect you against that. After all, my economic loss is likely to be larger if my boss sees me staring at a bleeding anus than if I catch a malware infection. Just like browser these days detect malware sites they should also detect shock sites. I'm curious to know if you would reciprocate in kind? That is to send me code samples of the work your dev team has done on your company. Your goal is to ensure I'm not a bozo and my goal is to not have to work with bozo colleagues. Hence the exchange of code samples. Fair? Actually my boss has goatse man beaten when it comes to being a huge asshole. But the picture would just make him jealous. Guess you are familiar with http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Survivorship_bias ? In 2009, there were probably tonnes of people trying to exploit the market using similar low-tech methods as you. Even if all of them were at best break-even, some of them likely made a lot of money on their unprofitable algorithms by pure chance thanks to the size of the cohort. Those few blogged about it and those who lost money didn't. :) I'm not saying that you just were lucky (please dont take this as criticism) - survival bias is just one of those things that always come to mind when people write about how they broke the market or when some investor is presenting his incredibly smart investment strategy that has netted him millions. When compiling lists of the best Python libs, one definitely has to check out Pocoo: http://www.pocoo.org/ They are a bunch of dudes who are incredibly skilled at putting together great API:s. All their libraries, from pygments, jinja2 to sphinx are well-documented and extremely simple to use. Most of those tips are great, but dont use autotools! The points they give for choosing autotools are exactly the same as one would have read maybe a decade ago when people said that CVS was "good enough" and that it "just works." Subversion, git and several others are much better alternatives and where developed because people weren't happy with CVS quirks and crappiness. One example is waf ( http://docs.waf.googlecode.com/git/book_16/single.html ), arguably just as well documented as autotools but without all the cruft and generated files madness autotools forces you to go through. CMake ( http://www.cmake.org/ ) is another, used by KDE 4. SCons ( http://www.scons.org/ ) another nice build tool. These also have the advantage of working much better on Windows, a platform autotools is completely alien to. Practically, you need an autogen.sh script too because noone knows the command switches and order you need to call aclocal, autoconf and automake in to generate the configure script and Makefile.in files. That's enough for a minimal project. For something larger with subdirectories for src/ docs/ tests/ etc, you need to use one Makefile.am file in each directory and tie it together with the SUBDIRS variable. When you need to do something slightly out of the extra-ordinary (in autotools' world, "ordinary" means compile c, generate man pages and install) like generating doxygen or javadoc documentation, offering an uninstall option or building binaries that are not supposed to be installed, then you have to learn M4 and it's stupid syntax. Also, autotools amazing features aren't all that. Builds out of the source dir? Eh.. This is 2012 and it doesn't impress anymore. Both waf and SCons can do it no problem. Autotools-projects, on the other hand, seem to always put the object files and linked library in the source directory. Sometimes the built library is put in a hidden directory for some reason I don't understand. Possibly it has something to do with libtool, another kludge on top of autotools one rather would do without. Since modern build tools does not pollute the source directories you basically get make distcheck for free. Waf has it builtin for example and it can easily be extended to also upload your tarballs to your distribution server, sending annoncement emails and what have you. > I've only had a single person ever pass this test, out of 10 or so interviewees. Did that person get the job? Lots of companies seem to administer those brain-bending tests and then does not use it as the deciding factor when hiring someone. I've personally been exposed to several quizzies like checking if a number is a prime, walking a directory tree and printing .txt files, implementing a variant of the soundex algorithm, a web server to interact with the twitter api... The worst (or best) was one in which the interviewer asked me to solve a Roman Square problem as a homework. Except instead of a 3x3 square it was a hexagon containing 64 numbers. Aced all the tests, even the Roman Square and the interviewer even told me I was the only one they had interviewed that solved the problem. It was freakishly hard and involved creating a pretty complicated constraint solver. I still didn't get the job. In fact, the common theme in my professional life, after dozens of interviews, is that if there is a programming test involved then I will not be offered the job, no matter how well I score. My conclusion is that companies do not use tests to determine whether to hire applicants or not. Interviewers make up their decisions regardless of test results and then use them purely to make their decision seem more objective they in reality are: "Bill scored low on or test, he is not a good candidate..." or "Bill did score well, BUT $blablabla" where $blablabla is some irrational stuff. Be careful as validating email addresses like that will quickly get you grey or blacklisted by various spam cops. The method works well for a few addresses, but you can't use it to validate thousands of addresses at the same time. I learnt that the hard way. :) Because of exorbitant fees? :) It is just as expensive in Europe as in NA so it's not a case of Americans getting shafted this time. You have multiple parties that want to get a cut of the action. First the content provider that is actually offering the customer something of value. Then you have the payment processor that are delivering sms:es. They need have to have separate agreements with each operator to charge their customers so that the purched items actually shows up on the customers phone bill. Each operator may have a different method of charging payment processors. Some charge a higher percentage per transaction, others a higher base fee and so on. Then you also have lots of shady content providers, who wouldn't think twice about gouging their customers if they can get away with it. That leads to a pricey dispute resolution procedure because someone has to answer when the customer disputes a sky high telephone bill and arrange for chargebacks and so on. But mostly it's the operators at fault. They charge payment processors a lot for access to their customers and it is not like it is a free market. If you want to accept sms payments from Verizon customers then you have to have an agreement with Verizon no matter what the cost is. They know it, and they charge what they can get away with. Sorry but that calculation is just stupid. Thanks to deductions, the income tax paid for even a high earner does not surpass 28%. The 20% state tax is only paid on income in excess of 401 100 something that is always conveniently forgotten when discussing taxes. E.g. the tax scale is progressive which is to offset the trend that the more you earn, the likelier you have other incomes such as investments returns which are taxed significantly lower than salary tax. Yes, Sweden still has high taxes but the situation is not nearly as bad as you make it out to be. Because it's an awesome lecture and well worth a good hour of your life. Trust us on this one, but it's your loss if you don't. :) I'm using Console2 ( http://www.hanselman.com/blog/Console2ABetterWindowsCommandP... ) and Powershell. Not as nice as a real Linux environment, but Console2 has tabs which makes it bearable. > Expecting early stage-like equity and later-stage-like salary doesn't make sense. Not for you maybe, but for the lucky sob who gets it, it definitely makes sense! Just like employers generally aren't in it to be "nice" to their employees, employees are not trying to be "nice" either. Now if you have a scarce resource, you are supposed to try and get a as high price as possible for it. Free market and all that. Also, this James fellow, if he actually was an amazing engineer, one of the best in the area and Google-material, then I don't think it is unreasonable for him to ask for both a high salary and a big chunk of equity. If he also worked "crazy hours" that one of him would replace a team of 3-5 average engineers. If so, you were the one pasing on a great bargain. :) STOCKHOLM anyone? Personally I suck at organizing but if there is some interest maybe I can. :) One would have hoped that with an alarmist title like "At Dawn We Sleep" the topic would be about something very frightening, like the collapse of the oceanic ecosystems, the melting polar ices or the rapidly increasing global temperature. We already know that freak weather incidents like Katrina and Sandy will become much more common in the future and will take many more lives than any "cyber terrorism" ever will. After the war on Communism, drugs and terrorism why can't America declare war on climate change? The article doesn't say, but I'm pretty sure the California School District is borrowing the money from the state itself. That makes the interest a non-issue because it doesn't matter if it is 1% or 100% per annum - the money just flows from one part of the government to another. The interest is just a form of accounting. Now it would be a different matter entirely if the loan was made through a private bank. Then even an interest rate of 0.1% would be a waste of taxpayer funds as there is absolutely no reason not to borrow from the state itself. But that is not how it usually works since governments always are able to finance their loans themselves. For the record (hah) "Fair use" is only a legal concept in the US. Other jurisdictions sometimes have analogies to Fair use, like the right for journalists to quote parts of a text. But those rights are much more limited. There is also no DMCA which means site owners are responsible for the content users may publish. Possibly because Gansta Paradise already is a poor version of Stevie Wonder's Pasttime Paradise? Musicians borrow from each other, always have always will. Does that matter though? SCons is a standalone program and you can easily have parallel versions of Python installed. > Vector art is not often the holy grail as it seems. Take fonts, for instance. Even though formats like TrueType stores the data in vector format, numerous resolution-dependent "hints" have to be added to make it more readable. While true, font hinting is thankfully finally going the way of the dodo. Cell phones and other handheld devices has very crisp fonts without any aliasing and hinting thanks to their high pixel density. The magic threshold is at about 150 dpi which when passed makes hinting redundant. Desktop displays are getting there, albeit slowly. To slowly for my taste. OS X already doesn't use hinting which is why if you are used to Windows fonts, os x fonts can look blurry. But with then new retina displays os x's text rendering simply looks amazing. Surely you must be joking right? How on earth would someone earning But mental illness is something incredibly shameful around the world and maybe even moreso in the US. Almost no parent will ever be able to admit that there might be something wrong with their children. And for the people around them, the most convenient path is to ignore the problem and say it's "a phase" they are going through. There's a huge number of possible ways to offer help to people. A million things can be done, but what everyone does is pretending the problem doesn't exist. I can belive that keeping files under vc is generally beneficial. But what I'm not so sure about and what I wonder if it is worth the trouble making elaborate commits? It's the difference between anal committing and loose committing. In the first style you ensure that your commit messages properly describe what bugs your checkin fixes, that it follows the formatting convention you have for writing checkin messages, that there are no extraneous whitespace changes producing unnecessary hunks and that you don't accidentally insert a big block of uncommented out code. Loose committing is when you periodically commit the stuff you are working on. Several times per day, when you feel you've reached something good, you checkin what is in your repository and, at best, you write a comment like "fixed the bug with bla". Of course, there are several possible shades of gray between totally loose and totally anal committing. What is the right strategy may very well vary depending on how many developers are involved in the project. For me, I've found that loose works best for my own projects. Prettifying commits and thinking up good descriptions is annoying and can disrupt my flow. I can't be bothered to force myself to do it just "because it's the right thing" and I usually don't revisit old commits anyway. I'd definitely like to hear other developers thoughts on the issue though. Do you employ unit testing? If so, that regression would possibly have been caught even earlier. Sure you can . Just render the glyphs into a framebuffer and check the ratio of opaque pixels to semi-transparent ones. The more transparency the blurrier. But I agree with the poster below that it is usually to much trouble and only worth it if your software is deep down in the stack. For example, if you are writing a text rendering system it would make sense for such tests but not otherwise. That sounds like a great idea and I've been looking for something similar to try and lose weight. But if you eat out a lot and the calorie count is not written on the menue, how are you going to record it? For example, if you order chicken with rice, that may be a fairly healthy choice except if there's to much cream and butter in the sauce. Eating healthy definitely is hard. Also can you link to the app? My google-fu is failing me. Really? Then couldn't one subsist by just eating one or two bars of chocolate per day and some vitamin pills? Or maybe a liter of coke per day would work just as well? It would be a very cost efficient way of eating as both candy and vitamins are cheap around here (well, not vitamins but a bottle of pills last a long time). I've always assumed that that wouldn't work which is why I'm skeptical to your "it's all about the calories" argument. Thanks! It's nice to be proven wrong sometimes. It's great to see all these new ideas in the db arena. But one thing I don't understand at all is why they diss the idea of having data integrity. Am I the only developer who actually likes working with relational data and do not think of a schema as a straight-jacket? Am I the only one getting burnt by MySQL and SQLite playing loose with types and silently coercing data almost randomly? Check constraints are also great and has saved my ass so many times. It's so much easier to debug a problem when the crash occurs when you are inserting the data than in a wrong calculation much further down the line. Postgres for example, allows you to create regular expression constraints which you could use to ensure that a text column only contains a valid variable name. Exclusion constraints are even better, if you have a table with allocations (date ranges, integer ranges, etc) you can check so that none of the allocations overlap. Plus about a million other ways you can constrain your data. That's the killer features for me. They have helped me debug problems so many times that I consider them almost essential to writing good web applications. So why does almost all new database projects seem to neglect them? I wish people would stop parroting that stupid lie. RMS is curently heavily involved in GNU Emacs development and has been for many years. Just check the mailing list sometime. > "lifting weights is much more efficient than cardio" That's news to me. Not saying it is wrong, but if it is a fact, it's one even reasonably informed people doesn't know. Studies ( http://jap.physiology.org/content/102/4/1439.long and http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2010/03/100311123639.ht... ) suggest that High-intensity interval training is an incredibly time efficient way to get in shape. Those questions may be good for grilling candidates, but it is not how one would sketch up a fantasy game irl. The right answer to all those questions are YAGNI and KISS. :) But those answers aren't valid so the questions seem to be rigged against the candidate as in "come up with a schema similar to the one I would have designed - not more complex than that and not more simple". I've seen way to many situations in which developers or other persons tried to design a complete schema in which every thinkable and unthinkable instance where covered. Which leads to an incredible amount of work implementing the application that is to use that schema. The more complex the schema, the more complex everything around it has to be which exponentially increases the amount of bugs. Designing applications "schema first" is a disastrous technique which will trigger the architecture astronauts in every developer. With your set of interview questions, you could very well miss a really skilled programmer because he or she understands that keeping stuff simple is hugely more important than not having denormalized data in the database. But look at how easy it was for Saddam to stay in power for decades despite a heavily armed populace. The Higgs Boson story will be very interesting to follow. What new physics can it generate and will string theory be able to adapt to it? Then we have Shinichi Mochizuki's claimed proof of the ABC conjecture that mathematicians will try to verify. I get the lose weight part, but what about influencing people? :) Oh, the problem with the Euro was that they raised prices everywhere where they introduced the new currency. What was previously 0.8€ becase 1€, 28€ to 30€ and so on. Economic power also moved from individual countries to the ECB in Brussels. If the US started using SI (Systeme International), it's not like you would be subject to a metric-controlling organisation in Paris. :) One important difference was how society was organised. Before agriculture, hunter-gatherer groups were collaborators. They depended on each other to put down game and gather vegetables. The more individuals in the group, the stronger they were. That's a completely different situation from a farming community in which its inhabitants are in competition to each other. The more farmers on a given area, the worse for each of them. They have to compete with each other over the arable land. I'd love to have it. It's something I would give up a big chunk of salary to get. But around here (Stockholm) it seems to be almost impossible to acquire. Either it is huge companies that have strict rules about it, or startups whose managers envision that the only way to develop is to have their developers sit tight and chat alot so that they can "teamwork" because that is how you become agile. There is also the implicit "if we can't see you working, you probably aren't" thought that is prevalent on many workplaces (even if few managers would admit to it) that makes flex time hard. The current trend in managing developers is to value "face-to-face time" and "being a teamplayer" above everything else (like competence) which makes flex time hard. Certainly, that is right for some developers but not for everyone. Not since I like using relational databases - MongoDB is the datastore of choice in nodeland and everything else is a secondary concern. Node's asyncronicity means very little to me since it is trivial to run a pool of fcgi server processes behind nginx and get parallelism that way. It's also hard to avoid "callback hell" consisting of anonymous functions nested X levels deep in what in another scripting language would have been nothing more than a few statements after each other. I heard "promises" could solve that but then I gave up because I don't want to use something that complicated just to implement basic control flow. I think Node definitely is the right tool for a lot of use cases, but for 99% of all web sites, it's not the right choice. It's ok if you like running raw queries. But there's no decent orm you can use to abstract away the sql. node-orm does exist, but is currently very much alpha quality and does not offer nearly as many features as other orms in other languages. Nope. I know about their existence but reasoned that if you need third party libraries for something as simple as sane control, flow then Node probably isn't ready. :) I'm planning to investigate them when I get time because they seem very interesting from a technical standpoint. Great story. Unfortunately, the API documentation and tutorial writing guilds went extinct decades ago and has never been able to return to Lispland. :) Actually my snide remark came from trying to find docs for Clojure libraries. :) Clojure Docs ( http://clojuredocs.org/ ) is alright for the standard library, API documentation ( http://clojure.github.com/clojure/ ) not so nice. But finding complete and updated docs for Compojure or any other of Clojure's web frameworks is impossible. Ironically, Noir ( http://www.webnoir.org/ ) seem to be the best documented of the bunch but it has been deprecated. It would be much easier to evaluate the offer if you told something about yourself. Just an anonymous gmail address isn't trustworthy enough. For example what marketing experience do you have and where are you located? If you live in Japan, you likely are not interested in a business project aimed at the Hungarian market. Hackathons is about as much about coding as clubbing is about dancing. People don't go to hackathons primarily to code (which they can do at home just as well), but to meet people. Isn't the idea to upvote useful and interesting comments? A message can be of value even if you greatly disagree with the content of it. This is a great initiative and I appreciate the effort. Myself, I'm too bad at helping people emotionally, but I wish you success in it. It's needed and useful. That's so incredibly cynical. Maybe I'm the only one putting favoring other attributes higher than physical looks? Or I'm just butt ugly and can't get any of the good looking ones? Here is an interview with them ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxtuZE5pOGA ). But after that they've been totally silent. Seems most people have a trouble with the number and the report because it is from Oxfam? The UN came out with a similar number years ago ( http://www.fao.org/Newsroom/en/news/2008/1000853/index.html ) $30 billion to end world hunger. Other NGO:s (which I'm to lazy to google) have come out with other figures in the same ballpark over the years. I.e if you yourself are not an expert on the global poverty problem then it takes more than "they are wrong" to refute their conclusions. The report is downloadable so just check the numbers yourself. The references makes it clear that the original figure is $175 billion spread out over two years and is produced by economist Jeff Sachs. His book "The End of Poverty: Economic Possibilities for Our Time" probably contains details on how it was calculated. The word "gypsy" is denigrating and they call themselves Roma. You don't call black people niggers, do you? It's kind of telling that you spent two days on an aid project for them without getting that. The discrimination against minorities like Roma and Jews in Hungary is severe. So it's not fair to blame all the problems on themselves. The world is full of successful narcissists and psychopaths. Not the most introspective types, so how do they do it? A better predictor for successfulness is how successful your parents was. That is the only theory I know of that can explain how George W Bush became president. Here is some of my code to parse html: tstamp >> arr parseTime - >> (this ! "href") &&& (getAllText >>> arr parseScore) - So yes, you do have to learn about arrow syntax in order to use HXT efficiently. For most newbies it is not an easy concept to grasp, not helped by the fact that HXT isn't a very well documented library. Thanks for writing this. As someone who has ASD (and who thinks he is not an asshole) it always makes me cringe when someone connects being a douchebag on the internet with it. Prejudices like that makes it very hard to tell people about it when some automatically assume you're an asshole for having ASD. All kinds of people behave bad on the internet for various reasons because they can and they are emotionally detached from the people they are writing about. ASD has absolutely nothing to do with it. Here is a story that happened to me on a totally different part of the internet: Someone on a music-related board posts a song and a request for someone to take out the chords. Nobody replies and the post lingers. A few weeks later I come around and figure that even though I'm an amateur, maybe I can help this guy. So I spend about two hours listening and relistening to the song and writing down the chords I hear. Then I reply with the chords and include a caveat that I'm not very good. 15-20 minutes later one of the veteran 1000+ posters come around and totally chews me out for getting some of the chords wrong. Basically giving me a lesson in how much I suck. Though he later that day posts a much better version than mine with all the chords correct. The moral of the story? Douchebags are verywhere. Anecdotal evidence yes, but I'm sure the douchebag concentration is not higher among hackers than in any other subculture. In fact, I believe hackers are much nicer than most folk. Sure, but making that argument is entering a mined field. You could as well say that skin color is correlated with intelligence because (I'm just making this up) living in Africa was easier than in harsher climates so their brains got smarter. Btw, it's easy to see if your hypothesis is correct. Just check the heights of graduate males of tough university programs such as medical research, physics, mathematics etc. I belive that the distribution of their heights will be closer to the population average than the heights of CEO:s, top politicians and other "high-status" jobs. I belive it is because those positions isn't selected to solely on merit, but also on charisma or vaguely defined "leadership qualities." In my experience, with lots of developers and engineers I've worked with, there is no height bias among them. Tall and short engineers and everyone in between. However, upper management and the sales guys are generally tall guys. Now, assuming that height is positively correlated with intelligence, and assuming that engineers are smarter than management and sales people, that observation makes no sense. :) You would expect to see extra tall engineers (because they need the extra brainpower) and shorter management and sales people. > There's also an element of the cultural perceptions of offices. "Important people have their own offices. I want to be perceived as important. Therefore, I must have my own office." Unfortunately, there is also the corollary: "You can't have your own room because you aren't important enough." Even though several rooms were completely empty. Glad I quit that job. Some of the worlds best music albums were created in that way. Does money just grow on trees in the magic stock market? The amount of sustained non-bubble growth the stock market can generate is limited, not unbounded. It follows that if the HFT bots steals a slice of it, then the slice the regular gamblers get is smaller than it would otherwise have been. Do note that cocaine was banned all around the world at the same time. The International" rel="nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Opium_Convention&... Opium Convention in Hague in 1912 was the first drug control treaty which lead to anti-drug laws in many Western countries. There were many more conventions following that one that caused outlawing of many more narcotic substances. Even if Americans were very racist at the time, maybe they were at the same time sane enough to realize that putting cocaine in soft drinks wasn't a good idea? Life is so much more than being a profitable servant. The Danes have more than enough food to feed themselves and enough houses to shelter everyone. Ensuring those basic needs, food and shelter requires at most 10% of the workforce. The remainder 90% can be allocated to schools, hospitals, retirement homes, tv production, professional athletes, accountants, hairdressers, etc. There is no shortage of either resources or labor. The only problem is how it is allocated. This is a kind of typical dialogue from an episode: Sheldon: Leonard, where do you stand on the anthropic principle? Leonard: Interesting question. On the one hand, I always thought… Sheldon: You don’t even know what it is, do you? The anthropic principle states that if we wish to explain why our universe exists the way it does, the answer is that it must have qualities that allow intelligent creatures to arise who are capable of asking the question. As I am doing so eloquently right now. Leonard: I know what the anthropic principle is. Sheldon: Of course. I just explained it to you. Now, where do you stand on it? Leonard: Where do you stand on it? Sheldon: Strongly pro. Leonard: Then I believe that God created the world in six days, and on the seventh he made you to annoy me. Raj: Hey, guys. Leonard: Hey. Sheldon: Yeah, wait, Raj, where do you stand on the anthropic principle? Raj: I’m all for it. Sheldon: Attaboy! Leonard: Well, hang on. Why do you believe that he knows what it is and I don’t? Sheldon: Oh, Leonard. Let’s not take a saw to the branch we’re sitting on, shall we? Why is Sheldon such a douchebag? He is socially incompetent but does he have to be an asshole too? Why doesn't Leonard or anyone else ever want to discuss science with Sheldon when it's supposed to be their biggest interest? It's like they are ashamed of being smart people. Right, I get that. But it is not honest to ask someone "where do you stand on the anthropic principle?" if you assume that they do not know what it is. Asking in that way is a common trickery to get someone to look foolish by attempting to answer a question they have no idea about. Classic douchebaggery. Great tutorial! If only there was an easy way to store the entered addresses in a database? Maybe that could be done in the next 5 minutes? :) I've had a few projects which where basically nothing more than just what was in the article. Meteor's builtin deploy and free Mailgun will fit perfect for cases like that. > They naturally give their descendents their connections, secret knowledge, wealth, safety and other benefits. The idea is that society in whole should be set up in such a way that connections and secret knowledge isn't valued as highly as it is now. George W Bush didn't become president because of merit, but because of connections and inherited wealth. A better system would have more highly valued leadership skills, rhethorical skills and general smartness and kept dofuses like him out of power. This is a way prettyprint could have been written without branching: def prettyprint(a, b): fmt_string = {True:'%d is less than %d',False:'%d is higher than %d'}[a Or even (and this is cheating by using the int constructor): def prettyprint(a, b): fmt_string = '%d ' + ['is higher than', 'is less than'][int(a I think a good way to get acquainted with FP is to replace conditionals with lookup tables and lambda functions. But it is easy to overdo it, sometimes plain old if-statements are the most readable alternative. A more elaborate solution is to install a userstyle ( http://userstyles.org/ ) and a browser plugin like as Stylish. There are dozens of themes available related to hacker news: http://userstyles.org/styles/browse/all/hacker+news . Haml is soo 2012. :) Try Jade ( http://jade-lang.com/ ), it has a much cleaner syntax and integrated markdown support. You can even use it as a preprocessor for other templating languages. TfsHandy: https://github.com/bjourne/TfsHandy It syntax highlights some Team Foundation Server commands output and makes it more pleasant to work with in Powershell. The OP is assuming it is a ripoff because you can buy other producers ketchup for half the price of "brand-name" Heinz ketchup. I doubt many people would tell the difference between Heinz and something else in a double-blind test. And if they can it is because the better tasting ketchup contains more sugar which anyway is bad. Same thing with jeans, you cant see the difference (unless they have the brand printed on them) so buying Levi's is a waste of money. Found this: http://www.seriouseats.com/2012/10/taste-test-the-best-ketch... http://lenpenzo.com/blog/id1481-ketchup-taste-test.html http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/09/13/the-best-ketchup_n_... http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1387285/Red-faced-He... and many more taste tests. Not to say that not many people honestly prefer Heinz ketchup, but there seem to be no empirical evidence proving that Heinz would be the "best" ketchup. Doesn't it damage the engine to run completely out of gas? If no, are you sure about it? Really sure? So sure you would take your brand new $100k car and run it out of gas just to see what happens? :) Because of air drag which is proportional to the square of the velocity. At highway speeds, a large part of the energy consumed by the car to move at constant velocity is spent overcoming air drag. I think that's also why they are calling him out on going 60 mph on cruise control instead of stated 54 mph. No it doesn't. What the article says is to keep your velocity constant = zero acceleration by coasting and giving gas in short spurts. But it's entirely possible that journalists don't know the difference between "giving gas" and "accelerating the car." If you care about minor syntactical details like that, you should already be using coffeescript: select((o) -> o.x > 30) Seriously, it's great. :) Usually, when referring to someone in print, we use their last name. Out of courtesy. So it's "Popova" not "Maria." Also, Bleymaier 's estimates on donation and affiliate income are just ludicrous. 50k-100k/year in donations from 1.2 million visitors/month? Yeah, right. :) They take away from the original point he was trying to make, which he could have made without making numbers up out of thin air. There are other ways to lose weight. Such as swallowing tape worms, taking a laxative with every meal, using meth, moving to the moon... The statement "Cutting calories is the only way to lose weight" is a gross oversimplification and provably false. I don't think it can be emphasized enough how eye-opening that essay is. It totally changed the way I consume media. Reading about the "submarines" should be mandatory reading for anyone in school because it's that important. SciPy: http://www.scipy.org/ If you know that and the background math it requires, then you are fit to work in almost any data analysis setting you can imagine. You're assuming that the government has the public's interest as it's main priority -- not that its purpose is to funnel value from the public to private owners pockets. That they are able to exploit the goodwill of the state isn't a flaw, it's a feature. When I was a kid and went to a new school, I was the best in class at math. Mathematical ability is pretty clear cut, so there is no room for "yeah you thought you were awesome, but in reality you were just a know-it-all." I really was that good. :) In that class, there was a girl who used to be best at math before I came. She didn't like that I blew her out of the water when it came to calculating. Though she wasn't very good at math, she was very good at being a kid, forming alliances with the other children and backstabbing. Basically got me frozen out and bullied. My point is that I think the exact same thing happens on workplaces too, although in veiled form. If you have a gang of C class programmers "lead" by one B class programmer and one A class comes along, tension will likely occur. It has happened to me and I'd be surprised if it hasn't happened to more hackers here on hacker news. For a long time browsers shipped with basically broken zoom functionality. You could zoom, but it would break the page layout completely, make menu links disappear and images look ugly. It wasn't until WebKit browsers like Chrome came around that zooming to undo designers micro font sizes became usable in practice. There are still lots of sites around that breaks when zoomed in for one reason (flash) or another. Looks like everyone has their own hn design. :) Here is mine: https://github.com/bjourne/readable-userstyles/blob/master/h... It's a user stylesheet so you need the Stylish plugin to use it. Most people only use alert() for debugging. It blocks the thread of execution until dismissed which is a nice feature. However, alert() is almost never used to display user-visible messages, which one definitely would use your nice looking plugin for. The concept is called "flash messages" and there are some other plugins that also implement them, but they are not as sophisticated as yours. You can have a McDouble burger for $1 on the Dollar Menu. It contains 390 kcal and you need ~2300 kcal/day or about 6 burgers or $6. Can you go below that by cooking yourself? Unless you buy food in huge quantities, only eat pasta, or reduce your intake of meat, I think it's pretty hard. The difference, of course, is that Amazon takes a cut when any of these "Keep calm and rape her" t-shirts gets sold. Twitter doesn't. > caveat: WITH expressions are optimization boundaries This is a pretty big caveat and one of the rare areas in which postgres does worse than other database systems. In SQL Server a non-recursive common table expression is treated by the optimizer similar to a macro - You can break up a complicated query with unions and group bys into easier to read cte:s and be confident that the optimizer will piece them all together into a query whose execution plan is equal to the original one. But with postgres you can't because of the optimization boundaries. Its optimizer will attempt to make each cte as individually efficient as possible which can lead to a much worse execution plan overall. You can use views instead which, in contrast to cte:s, postgres optimizer can see through. Yeah, I've also heard that claim being made on the mailing list but it is probably wrong: http://dba.stackexchange.com/questions/27425/is-the-optimisa... . For writable cte:s it matters, for read-only ones the number of execution times doesn't. "Simply including an ad hominem attack in a reader comment was enough to make study participants think the downside of the reported technology was greater than they’d previously thought." That would mean that, the best way to influence people is to use expletives. If it's true then there's no wonder so many people are rude on the internet - it's the best way to get your message across! Then the program dies with an exception. What if a memory allocation in a Haskell program fails? It can happen just as well because allocating memory is an impure operation which you still have to perform from pure functions. Haskell just happens to pretend it has infinite memory available because forcing the programmer to attempt handle out of memory conditions would be impractical and annoying. Haskells "purity" is just a chimera, albeit a useful one. And it's just as useful being able to pretend network operations are pure too. The reason why using exceptions for control flow is bad is because it violates the Samurai Principle. Now why do I refer to a cheesy made up principle instead of explaining what I mean? Why do people use "exceptions are for exceptional situations" and similar empty expressions? Because programming is just as much about communicating intent as it is about writing efficient code! Following guidelines and maxims is extremely useful because if both the writer and the reader understands the protocl, then communication is smoother. The "Exceptions are for exceptional circumstances" protocol means that the reader of the code doesn't have to wonder "Is this a control flow situation? Is this exception supposed to be handled? Where does the code resume?" Following the Samurai Principle ( http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?SamuraiPrinciple ) similarily eases the cognitive load of the person reading the code. It allows you to treat each callable piece of code as an isolated unit whose value is equal to what it returns. For non-critical code, you can completely forget about exception handling because you dont need to bother. However, if an exception is thrown you can be equally assured that something unexpected happened. It was to hard for the "samurai function" to handle. Simple and extremely convenient. One example of not following the Samurai Principle or "exceptions for exceptional situations" happened at my last job. We were an mobile payment processor and trying to issue a charge to a customer when their balance was to low would result in a BalanceToLowException. Except that wasn't anything out of the ordinary, customers would often not have enough funds! The situation would be handled by retrying the transaction some other day. The API for charging customers would better have been designed returning a two tuple (chargeStatus,errorMsg) so that the following code could continue in the same location whether the charge succeeded or not. Throwing exceptions for ordinary events lead to spaghetti code. You can see similar misdesigns in some database ORM:s in which some queries throw silly NoRecordsFoundException which user code is forced to handle. Or Python's classic try: return int(somestr) except ValueError: return None Often the string you're passing to int() is user input so you expect it to often be non-numeric. Ouch. Java's checked exception straightjacket would mean that every code that calls startByInterviewId() would either have to handle exceptions or declare "throws Interview.NotActive, Interview.NotPublic, Interview.DoesNotExist, Account.EmailExists". The longer up in the callchain, the longer the throws-list becomes until the programmer either gives up and writes "throws Exception" or is forced to handle the exceptions in a half-assed way. Likely by writing an empty catch-clause and hoping that code piece is never reached. It's especially unnerving for the user of the method if they are sure the input data is valid. For example, if interviewId comes directly from the database, then Interview.DoesNotExist can't happen so having to catch it shouldn't be needed. If by grid, you mean "table" I've built one with it. Might put it on github after I've fixed the rough edges. The design inherits bootstraps css so it includes a grid layout by default. This old thread about it is interesting: https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups=#!topic/django-u... I really hope Django gets support for persistent connections and/or connection pooling. pgbouncer isn't always an option on shared hosting (and is a royal PITA to setup on Windows) and there are other databases than postgres. No, the alternative is to have the government build subsidized housing and then enact strict price controls so that even poor families can afford to live reasonably. That's how it was done in Singapore for example and is why they can live in "spacious" 30-70 m^2 apartments despite having a higher population density than Hong Kong. See also http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_housing_in_Singapore . You are free to hold your opinion. But at least be upfront with that you consider it an ideological issue as there obviously are reasonable alternatives to having poor people live in prison cells. Looks nice but runs at awfully slow 4-5 fps on my Ubuntu 64bit system. Is Radeon HD 4200 to weak for WebGL or is there something you need to configure? Actually I have to set Chrome to ignore blacklisted gpu:s to get it to run at all. WebGL performance is horrible but other 3d games run decently. Here are my highly opinionated opinions about their respective use cases: * BeautifulSoup: It was the best scraping library ever until python-lxml came around and stole the show. Despite that the manual said BeautifulSoup gives you unicode, damnit! it had some long-standing bugs which it gave you strings or incorrectly decoded web pages. I wouldn't use it anymore because lxml is strictly superior. * lxml: The king of scraping libraries. It is a big library so it can be hard to approach. It's actually a collection of markup parsers; lxml.html, lxml.etree and some more I've forgotten about. I almost exclusively use lxml.html since it "works" and can handle invalid markup without complaining. Use it like this: https://gist.github.com/mattoufoutu/823821 lxml can parse both using jQuery-style selectors with cssselect() and XPath 1.0 with the xpath() method. XPath is hard to learn, but once you get it you have a really powerful parsing tool which makes your life simpler. * pyQuery: Easy to get started with and use. But not as powerful as lxml+XPath. * urllib: Many of the modules in Python's standard library are there because they have been there for a long time. :) python-requests or httplib2 are the best libraries for http. * scrapy: A framework for scheduling and supervising scraper spiders. It takes care of everything from downloading pages, following urls, concurrent requests, handling network errors to storing data in a database or generating csv files. It doesn't parse html itself, but delegates that task to lxml. Personally, I've found scrapy to be very good when your problem fits with how scrapy thinks scraping should be done. If you try to depart from the scrapy-way then scrapy suddenly feels very "frameworkish" and limiting. For example, i spent a lot of time trying to get it to support delta-scraping -- periodically scraping the same site, but only download new or changed data -- but it felt impossible getting scrapy to work the way I wanted. * mechanize: Python port of the Perl module WWW::Mechanize. It's good for tasks like scripting logins. If you want to automate login to a site with a username and password, without having to care about session cookies, then mechanize is the ideal choice. Look elsewhere for an html parsing library. * Scrapemark: It has a fun and clever approach to scraping. But once again, not as powerful as lxml. Personally, I almost never sign up for any site anymore unless it features social login. Giving away my email address, entering a password twice and waiting for a confirmation mail is way to much work. I can guarantee you that you will get a much higher conversion ratio if you let people sign up with their facebook, twitter or google+ accounts. As an additional bonus you get more credible reviews because people can see that there is a real person behind it. It's well known that Canonical likes to do things their way and maybe suffers from a slight NIH syndrome. But do people have to be so upset about it? Maybe Rogers explanation is completely wrong and the real reason is "we thought it would be fun to write a new display server!" Does it matter? Saying "you're increasing desktop fragmentation" is silly and implies that writing Mir is somehow worse than writing no code at all. Graphics on desktop Linux currently kind of sucks. Windows and OS X are years ahead while we are stuck on X11 with flakey, sometimes-working, compiz-quality 3d effects. I think any effort to remedy that situation should be cherised. Just read up on why Wayland was created and what problems it indents to correct. Im not interested in enumerating X11:s latency issues, compositing and font rendering limitations etc when someone has already done the job much better than me. You may also try and use a recent Windows version for a few days and see if you can spot the differences. Only a small subset of sites get paid at all. Many networks has a treshold on how many acquisitions a publisher must create before they get paid anything. E.g a small publisher may create one customer per month with a commission of $5, but the threshold for payout is $50 and the network may charge a withdrawal fee plus wire transfer fees going to other middle men. In the end, the network gets huge amounts of advertising but pays almost nothing. To me it seem hyperbolic to call it the "Achilles heel of OAuth [2.0]." Other oauth providers than Facebook are smart enough to make the redirect_uri constant. Then the attack surface is reduced from the whole of mydomain.com to mydomain.com/whatever-redirect_uri-is. For those, the attack needs to be sophisticated enough to interfere with that specific url. But if the client site is owned that hard, it's lost anyway. Right, but other oauth2 providers than facebook aren't vulnerable to the redirect_uri hack you are describing, are they? If you happen to know every pl from Clojure to assembly, why on earth wouldn't you list it? The more languages you know the better. If someone disagrees with that statement, then that's stupid people you don't want to have anything to do with anyway. The authors point is that this is how poorly you'll do monetarily even if you reach bestseller status. Even if we assume a whopping 25% of all books becomes bestsellers, that means 75% of all books don't and are likely to net their authors even less money . The described scheme has nothing to do with popunders really. A hidden iframe is loaded in which the advertisers ad is "displayed" and the publisher gets payed on cpm. The user doesn't even get to see the ad. You're thinking of "money" as a resource that can be depleted like a forest or an iron mine. But that's not true, the amount of money is constant -- it just changes hands a lot. First graph shows that everyone could retire comfortably at age 50: http://www.data360.org/dsg.aspx?Data_Set_Group_Id=231 GNP (red line) tripled since 1970. That means, on average, every worker got three times more efficient. So why on earth do we have to talk about a lack of money when society's wealth has increased so fast? http://current.com/shows/the-war-room/blog/what-you-need-to-... Money is about power and is a zero sum game. If someone increases their share of the pie, then someone else necessarily loses out. >> But that's not true, the amount of money is constant -- it just changes hands a lot. > No it's not: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Money_supply#United_States Right. Governments print money all the time, but the total value of all the money remains constant, thanks to inflation. It's just a measure of how much power someone has in a society compared to everyone else. > It's less of a problem of income distribution than one of wealth distribution. The key issue is that people with lower incomes accumulate assets that cost them money (house, car, TV...) while those with higher income collect stocks, bonds, rentable real estate property, all of which generate more wealth. That's not given by God. Stocks didn't use to be money making machines and there is nothing that says they have to be. Stocks have been doing amazingly well since about 1980's because during the same time period wages have gotten a smaller and smaller share of the gnp. The ugly truth of the stock market is that for every winner there is also a loser. Note that the article says "This article's factual accuracy is disputed. Please help to ensure that disputed statements are reliably sourced." Wikipedia is a really horrible source for topics people may bicker about. In practice, no one pays over 50% of their income in income tax like that article implies. This is a really nice way to plug your product. :) Writing web applications where the server is just a RESTful api that handles authorization makes a lot of sense. Clean separation between models and views, easy to deploy almost anywhere and easy to scale and cache. I've been using flask-restless to accomplish something similar, but there is still some glue code you need and sql to define database models. Though it seems your collection api does not support arbitrary queries yet? E.g. you can't fetch the last 10 blog posts or the highest rated comments by user X? That are imho must have features for anything more than the most basic web application. Uniqueness validation seem to be missing too. E.g. currently no way to say to a user that "a user with that username already exists"? Some developers love that kind of micro optimizations. Even smart ones. I've had my varchar(256) columns changed to a more modest varchar(30) because I was "wasting space." Those people dont like being wrong either so there's no point arguing it either and instead concentrate on the bigger issues. I can guarantee you that denser cities also suffer from loneliness (with the caveat that a minority of all lonely people love their independence and enjoy living by themselves). It's not uncommon for seniors living in high rises to have been dead for weeks or months before the neighbours notice the smell. I don't think physical proximity is the core of the problem. This is an excellent post to show everyone who says that C is easy. Or that only sucky programmers creates segfaults and all you need is some discipline. Not even very experienced developers can be expected to keep track of all the nuances of the various ??str??cpy functions and their various faults. The solution is to stop using C already (unless you really, really have to). Last I tried Derby.js, their examples wouldn't run. Some version issue that supposedly was fixed in the repos but not released yet. But when I used the repos instead there was something else that broke because of a backward compatibility breaking change. Since I couldn't get even the toy examples to work, I gave up. Meteor, on the other hand, was extremely easy to get started with. The examples worked and the documentation was decent. Both Meteor and Derby.js are far from finished but to me Meteor seems like a much more polished product than Derby. I still hope both will live on because friendly competition is good and Derby has a niche. The point of life is not maximal profitability. Well, it is ok if your life is, but other people may have other viewpoints. Thankfully, the world is set up in such a way that I can easily derive a living from coding which I love to do. Are my contributions to humanity; optimized database queries, gui fixes, systems that my employer sell, etc more valuable than what a literature PhD does? Is it only the work that generates the most profits that is valuable? If one adheres to the utilitarian philosophy, I think it is easy to see that there is a problem. If the goal is to maximize happiness, then it would clearly be better if people who love to read and discuss books can do that as much as possible instead of doing something that makes them unhappy. How would you solve the problem? I find that very hard to believe. I'm ok with the talk about hackers being 10x more productive than regular developers. But a $100m bonus would mean that guy is about 1000 times more valuable than the average. It defies common sense in every way. And it's not just because I'm jealous and resentful I'm thinking that, no ones time is that valuable. Sure, CEO:s have a much greater impact on the company than the average employee. And they should get paid "lots," I don't disagree on that. But that's not the scale we are on here, we're talking 1000 times more productive . It's a larger difference than between peasants and the kings of feudal Europe. Google either gets 1000 extra engineers or gets this probably really smart guy. I guess we just have to agree to disagree since there is no way to measure how valuable a CEO is. I do think that the burden of proof is upon those that think those salary differences is justifiable since "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence." > A real world example would be Stephen Elop at Nokia: some say that he > has made Nokia lose billions of dollars, when another CEO might have > made Nokia save that money. Not a good example since Symbian has been a dead end for years and Nokia has failed to make desirable smart phones. Putting all the blame on him ignores all the bad decisions all the other people at Nokia did. Why not ask for compensation? If it took you 6-8 hours and is so good work that other applicants submit your solution, then you should get paid for giving it to them. This is my hn: http://jsbin.com/aronar/1 . It uses my stylesheet from: https://raw.github.com/bjourne/readable-userstyles/master/ha... Correct me if I'm wrong, but dealing with "big data" is still an unresolved problem in Meteor, isn't it? The leaderboard example ( http://meteor.com/examples/leaderboard ) works because it is easy to synchronize with a datastore that contains at most a few hundred values. It's so tiny the whole dataset can be kept in the web browsers memory. Say you have a database with 100k searchable indexed documents. You run the query "foo" to fetch the 10 best matches and also a count of how many documents among the total number of documents searched that matched the query. Now if someone simultaneously adds another document, the whole search query must be run again because the new document might match "foo" and even if it doesn't, the total document count still needs to be updated. Multiply that by a few concurrent clients and performance goes down the drain. The above scenario or permutations of it is incredibly common in web applications and I don't think Meteor has a good solution to it. I'd gladly be proven wrong though. The difference is academic. There still has to be a database that runs queries even if Meteor prefer to think of it as a subscription. The reason I used "big data" in quotes is because 100k rows isn't really that big. Most other web frameworks has no problem dealing with it, but with Meteor it's almost impossible. News is useful for exactly one reason: to have something to chat about. Don't underestimate that. You may have no interest in NK, Beckham, sports, the stock market or other stuff that frequents the news, but having something to talk about with people around you is important. Yes people use them. They can drive a decent amount of traffic too if they have some alluring and easily digestible content such as the common "list of top 10 bla bla" articles. It is also suspected that Google weighs shared links highly for ranking so just a few shares can give a substantial boost to a page's seo value. Though no one knows for sure how it works. True, but the key point is that it is his brilliance that is being wasted, not the 300k. It takes a few hours to get used to, but once you get the hang of it it becomes an amazing language. For most things postfix notation that Factor uses reads better than applicative (prefix) notation other languages uses. It's like jQuery's or linq's method chaining, only better :) and with less syntax. For example here is the solution to problem 22 in Project Euler ( http://projecteuler.net/problem=22 ): : names ( -- seq ) "names.txt" ascii file-contents [ quotable? ] filter "," split ; : score ( str -- n ) [ 64 - ] map sum ; : solution-22 ( -- n ) names natural-sort [ 1 + swap score * ] map-index sum ; > There is almost certainly someone, somewhere, claiming that sleeping on the floor and/or not showering makes you think better and your body healthier ("The Cave Man Sleep Technique....we didn't evolve in cushy beds now did we?") On the internet, of course there is :) http://www.paleodietandliving.com/paleo-living/sleep/sleep-w... Oh and showering to often is linked with everything from fungal infections, dandrufs, psoriasis and acne. Definitely not healthy according to lots of lifestyle strategists out there. Male beauty is mostly about height which one has little control over. E.g. if op is 5 feet, follows all your advice and looks like Brad Pitt in Fight Club, he will still not be more beautiful than someone who is 6 feet and does not follow it. IMHO, blogging for driving traffic is really hit-and-miss. One article may become huge and generate tens of thousands of visitors in a short time span while hundreds other barely get any eyeballs on them. If traffic is your primary goal, fewer articles while making sure they are as "link-baity" as possible is optimal. Top ten lists, inflammatory titles and easily digestible content. Also get the link to the article out in as many places as possible to maximize the odds of it going viral. Finance is a game of imperfect information. Most investors only has access to published information such as companies quarterly reports, so obviously, if you have an information advantage (by being an insider or knowing the next LIBOR rate) you can translate that into guaranteed profit. Contrast finance with sports betting. If you bet on a hockey team, you have almost complete information about any variable you can imagine. The career of each player, how the team has performed so far, how far the away team has to travel (you use that to estimate the fatigue of the players), any player injuries and so on. Surprisingly, sports betting is both more transparent and much more fair than finance because everyone has access to the same information. Sure, someone might know that the ice cleaning machine in the arena is malfunctioning so there may be debris left on the ice which may negatively effect one star players skating abilities and be able to exploit that information advantage. But it is marginal in comparison to the huge advantage traders and insiders can acquire in finance. My point is that looking at finance as betting makes it much clearer what is going on. Some of the players have an information advantage and are exploiting it. The rest are getting screwed. The longer time you have practiced something, the better you get. If you have written 1m lines, then you can be expected to know more than someone who has just written 50k. If a musician has played on stage for 500 hours, they can reasonably be expected to be more experienced than someone who has only done it for 2 hours. It's a blunt metric, yes, but most of the time it works. It's incompatible with standard Javascript libraries, which is why you would use Dommy because you can't use jQuery. The ClojureScript compiler is also fairly slow (due to google closure compiler I think) so even with a running jvm it takes several seconds to compile small example files. To slow for me so I switched back to CoffeScript which is lightning fast. Not quite. The following shows what doesn't work: (def $ js/jQuery) (.each ($ "body") (fn [idx, val] (.write js/document "In a lambda"))) The Google Closure Compiler munges names of functions so that any function declared in ClojureScript cannot be called from jQuery which means that no jQuery function that takes a callback can be used. And you really want to use GCC because without its dead code removal a simple helloworld.js file takes more than 700kb. Why not market a Windows version? As a Linux user, I'm accustomed to getting stuff for free. rsync also isn't as ubiquitous there so you don't have to complete with a free offering. That's a shame -- you usually post interesting links. I'm curious about this whole "have to be contrarian deal." Guy writes blog post which is good advice in 99% of the situations and someone just has to bring up that, yeah, somewhere, sometimes more logging is not necessarily better. Why always nitpick on things? In my work, if people wrote more and better log messages I would be delighted. They almost never do and instead rely on the Visual Studio debugger to inspect program state. It works great when debugging your own code, but is pretty useless when debugging someone elses code (you dont know where to place the breakpoints) or when analyzing a crash on a production site. No one can tell you what the problem is with that little information. However, here are some suggestions on how you can yourself debug your problem: Isolate: Eliminate as much as possible until nothing except the problem remains. You can't fix the problem until you know what the problem is, and guessing about it will just lead you astray. Is performance still crap when you remove the db calls? When you replace the db connection with sqlite? When you remove the view logic and just render a static template? When you remove the templates altogether and just render a simple "Hello, world" string? When you put the application on a free Heroku instance instead of Linode? Then ask yourself, does it make sense? Is Ruby so slow that a simple page takes 300 ms to load? Is a $20 (per month? per year?) Linode VPS that crappy? Yes it is just you. :) The original becomes horrible when the number of cases grows, when you want a default and can introduce subtle bugs if you forget a break. In the second example, there is a clean separation between processing commands and dispatching on the input. For example, you might want to extend processUserInput with "invalid command" handling, commands with arguments or even add commandTable as an argument to it so that you can reuse it for all your dispatching needs. And to top it of, you can dynamically add new commands to the dispatch table which you can't to a switch. I wonder is anyone else feeling that the stigma of being alone is much worse than actually being alone? Thing is, if you voluntarily spend your weekends playing games, coding, walking in the nature or any other non-social activity it reflects negatively upon you. I've spent a lot of holidays all by myself doing what I enjoy, eating the holiday candy I like the most, and just relaxing. From what I can tell, "normal" people would feel miserable spending their time like that, so they assume that I too must feel miserable. As a frequent user for rtmpdump, youtube-dl, libdvdcss and adblock plus thinking otherwise would be kind of hypocritical dont you think? Hell, if you've ever blocked a popup then most likely, you too are an evil TOS violator. They are even worse when it comes to IMAP. So if you have a sizable gmail account it is virtually impossible to switch to another client because gmail's labels doesn't at all match how IMAP folders behave. But it is hard to complain about a free service and it's quite possible that they couldn't have implemented all gmails features the way they did if they stuck to the IMAP standard. Try to wrap your head around Factor: http://factorcode.org/ Possibly it will not break out this year, but I'm sure it will become fairly popular in the future. Funny thing is they are using their two decade old character Wario. About time they come up with something new after milking the overused Mario and Zelda franchises for so long. Developers are much more security aware these days. Wayland will not require root privileges which means a buffer overflow isn't as critical. It also will not be network transparent which reduces the attack surface enormously. Then remember it was created because xorg had accumulated so much cruft over the years because of its obligation to support dozens of outdated X11 extensions nothing (except for emacs :)) uses. Hopefully that means Wayland's devs will keep it lean and clean and easy to secure. You can't go wrong with Factor: http://factorcode.org/ . It's so different and totally out there that you will definitely learn something new. Plus, it's practical. :) What a whiner. Truth is all major companies receive state subsidies in some form. Auto makers get cheap loans, banks get bailouts, agriculture get beneficial import tariffs, pharmaceutical get free medicine research, defense companies get new wars etc. If they don't, they can usually bitch and moan and threaten to move production to a third world country unless they get a tax rebate. Makes sense that a company that can be beneficial to society should also get it. Here is a brute force solution in factor: 6 [ 10 iota >list ] replicate >list lcartesian-product* [ { 215 275 335 355 420 580 } [ * ] 2map sum 1505 = ] lfilter list>array . Kind of cheating, but the solution space is so small that brute forcing it becomes viable. > But it utterly failed to account for the strategies that were in place for future functionality, that placed very different requirements on the platform. In other words, he pissed management off. He busted his as off trying to improve the product and was rewarded by being treated like shit. It really sounds more like he was railroaded by company politics by stepping on the wrong peoples toes. Do you honestly not see how someone that takes an initiative like that could be an incredible boon to a company? When you punish people like that, what you're left with is an office full of drones that does exactly what they are told, nothing more nothing less. The situation you're describing is a management failure of epic proportions. Failed to communicate future planned features to dev team. Failed to exploit someones willingness to take responsibility. Failed to get input from the programmers (obviously at least one of them thought the code base was a mess). Oh, and hiring someone who believed making a good product was more important than following chain of command. Big mistake there. > That's my caution to people who assume everything they don't understand about what they're working on means the people running the projects are idiots. Even construction workers always knows what they are working on and why their work is important. If management is unable to communicate to the developers what purpose their work serves to the company then that is incompetent beyond belief. Sounds like fun, but maybe you should wait with submitting it until you have something going? In case you lose interest for some reason. Assuming bitcoin "succeeds" they will be worth almost infinitely more than they are worth now. Actually, let's just round that up to infinity since if it happens I'll be filthy stinking rich anyway. Since the probability of bitcoin succeeding is not infinitely small (that would be 0), but somewhat larger than that, investing in bitcoin is an infinitely good investment! I fall firmly in the "can't do dishes" camp with week(s) old dishes in the sink. I've been this way in over 30 years so I'm beginning to think that the condition is uncurably permanent. Blog posts like this telling me that doing dishes more frequently is good has not helped. Thing is, it is hard or even impossible for a disher to understand a non-dishers perspective, so their advice may not be applicable. I wonder if anyone as an adult has successfully transformed themselves to a dish-after-every-meal type? Some reasons I can think of: 1. Writing C extensions is a horrible experience. Also, they have to manually yield priority so if they crash, the whole BEAM crash so the whole "fault tolerance" propaganda becomes a lie. 2. Erlang doesn't cooperate well with it's environment. Starting, supervising and communicating with external processes correctly is tough in any language but harder in Erlang. 3. BEAM:s memory usage is hard to predict, so running multiple vm:s on the same system can easily run you out of memory. 4. It's hard to run Erlang code as standalone scripts. Points 2-4 address the same issue which is that basically that Erlang's environment is a walled garden. 5. While Erlang is open source, it's mostly run by a group of developers at Ericsson and doesn't have much of a community. For example, it doesn't have a public bug tracker (maybe that have changed). 6. It's syntax is, objectively, butt-ugly. 7. Maybe most important: It is not a good fit for about 99% of all programming problems which are mostly sequential and doesn't benefit at all from rock-solid (Erlang) process communication. > But doesn't that essentially reduce culture to a disease as well? I mean traditional indigenous peoples do things to their children in the process of making them adults that we would find to be heinous crimes. Children are not property. The expression "their children" is (at least to a humanist) an oxymoron since they are not owned by their parents. From that simple statement it follows that if something is done to a child that is a crime when done to an adult person, then that is a crime because a child is a person. Back in the day, many European countries had registers of known communist and socialist sympathizers. They where used to keep communists out of government and union jobs. Those in the registers had a harder time getting promoted, was fired for spurious reasons and so on. The other effect it had is that people became frightened to voice their support of communists lest they also be placed in the register and having their careers ruined. It is not far-fetched to think that broad intelligence gathering will be used in the exact same way today. Communism may not be the big boogieman it once way, but there are still ideologies and causes that can get you branded as undesirable. For example, by being drug liberal. I think it's naive to think that the information they are collecting will go unused. There aren't enough terrorist threats in there to act upon, so they will focus on the secondary threats which is people with the wrong opinions. Does the mentor get paid? Flask is about the most beautiful Python code you can write. Check out any other Python framework and they may have a decent api, but on the inside it is messy and confusing. Reading Flask source code on the other hand is a joy. There's no crazy stuff and few convoluted pieces + lots of comments so it is really easy to hack something if you must. Any Python coder who wants to improve their game definitely should study Flask because it is such a great piece of software engineering. The natural state of any large codebase maintained by multiple persons over multiple years is to be messy and confusing. Therefore it isn't a slight to anyone to state that the Flask devs have been able to keep their source code much cleaner than the average. Couldn't it just be laziness? Is it customary to clean up someones speeched transcript so that it reads better in written form? Let's begin by stating that Haskell is great, but there are a lot of stuff I don't like about it: 1. Way to many user defined operators. Haskell lets you define almost anything as an infix operator which library authors love to (ab)use. So you get operators like ".&&&." (without the quotes) because they are functions reminiscent of the boolean and operation. 2. But weirdly enough, many operators aren't generic. String concatenation is performed with "++" but addition with "+". 3. Incomplete and inconsistent prelude. It has unwords and words for splitting and joining a string on whitespace. But you dont get to specify what string to use as the delimiter like the join and split functions in other languages lets you do. 4. So instead you have X number of implementations of splitStringWith on Hackage, some of which are unmaintained, deprecated or just not working, meaning that just answering the question "how should I split a string?" becomes a big endeavour ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4978578/how-to-split-a-st... ). 5. There are four different "stringish" types in Haskell: List, LazyList, ByteString, LazyByteString. A function like splitStringWith works on one of the types, but not the three others for which you need other functions. Some libraries expect Lists, other ByteStrings or LazyByteStrings so you have to keep converting your string to the different types. 6. Most Haskellers seem to content with just having type declarations as the api documentation. That's not a fault of Haskell per se, but imho a weakness in the Haskell community. For example, here is the documentation for the Data.Foldable module: http://hackage.haskell.org/p ackages/archive/base/latest/doc/html/Data-Foldable.html 7. This is very subjective and anecdotal but I've found the Haskell people to be less helpful to newbies than other programming groups. 1. HXT, Lens, Arrows.. etc. I think (as in, this is my opinion, someone else may think that the amount of operators they contain are reasonable) they introduce way to many infix operators. They are also pretty important to the Haskell eco-system, so you can't just choose alternatives with less "line-noise." 2. I think the question should be why on earth should they not use the same operator symbol? In most other mainstream languages they are. I know the answer is "because [Char] isn't part of the Number typeclass" but that misses the point. 5. Both Text.Regex and the split library someone else mentioned operators on strings ([Char]). Data.Aeson uses ByteStrings. So not everything in Haskell-land uses Text when they should which leads to lots of annoying string packing and unpacking. Contrast this with Python (3) where you have (unicode) strings and (byte) buffers. Only. If you want more efficiency there are 3rd party lazy implementations of them, but they aren't forced upon you like in Haskell. When you want to encode and decode JSON data of unknown format then you need to use the encode and decode functions directly which operates on ByteStrings. You really don't want to create a new record for each possible kind of JSON data container you have. text-icu is an experimental 3rd party binding and doesn't work like pcre anyway. It's not something you would use over Haskell's standard library regexp support, so you still have to deal with X number of different string types. I tell myself that if I finish this boring chore today, afterwards I get to buy candy, ice cream, cookies or beer. Since I enjoy those things focusing becomes much easier because I know there is a reward. Not really "spy vs. spy." Rather spy vs peace activists, swat team vs. animal rights groups, fbi vs. striking unions. Most of the crappy screenshot services are expensive or filled with spammy ads because the bandwidth and processing power to serve the screenshots is not cheap. Wont the same thing happen with your service too if it becomes popular? TANSTAAFL Pythons byte code interpreter loop is very tight. As previously mentioned, it's a simple stack-based vm with a small instruction set. The upshot to that is that is that it is very short, meaning that the executable is very small, meaning that most of it fits in the cpu cache. Cache misses are incredibly expensive, and any "obvious optimization" of Python's core will inevitably introduce more of them because the code gets longer. So most of the optimizations wins big in the area in which they are targeted, but loses in general performance. For the same reason gcc -Os (optimizing for small binary) is often faster than gcc -O3. On top of that, there is significant resistance from the devs to complicate the core. They prefer a slower, but easier to understand, easier to analyze interpreter over a complex one with harder to predict runtime performance. It's the same with reference counting and theoretically superior garbage collection. Why does every photographer have to use that "make colors look like xbox games" effect on their photos? I much rather look at unprocessed photos that have not been distorted by color enhancing filters. There arent billions of starving people around. Those who do starve, do so not because of a lack of food, but because those who have excess of it would rather destroy it than sell it below market price. GMO wont do jack against an artificial constructed scarcity. This is so true. Karma and other scoring metrics just magnifies the problem as the number of people and therefore also the potential karma points decrease the later the comment is posted. It's not an easy problem to solve because people naturally gravitate towards the newest items. You don't need that if you use postgresql: create index foo1 on t1 (date(timestamp)) create index foo2 on t2 (extract(week from timestamp)) Postgres can use almost any row expression as an index. > It'd be far easier for me if I could just drop $4 in a jar and have that cover my time. There is a place like that here in Stockholm. But it's $40 for a full day (250 kr, 8 hours) and $10 for a single hour. Your $4 would be good for 30 minutes or so. Rent is incredibly high in central areas in which coffee shops need to be located to attract customers and is the primary reason why their coffee is so expensive. Unsurprisingly, this place is mostly deserted and all the laptop hobos camp out in the nearby restaurants and cafés. You can even see them during the lunch hours with their stupid iMacs, iPads and white earphones plugged in, pretending not to notice that all the other tables are occupied and there is a line to the cash register. Often they are sitting by themselves at the four or six-seater tables instead of smaller tables which steals even more space. How come the US still has a bail system? It so obviously favours those who can pay their way through. Either you are under arrest or you are not. If you are, you should only be able to regain your freedom by being found not guilty. I agree with you that it does not make sense to detain someone for a non-violent crime unless they are likely to commit more crimes. But then they should be released unconditionally while awaiting their trial, not dependent upon whether they can pay a ransom fee or not. On the other hand a psychopathic murderer is dangerous to society so he should never have the option to pay bail. Come on! You can't seriously try and connect "Korean culture" with the douchebag slacker CEO you are describing. Then why didn't this kid, and anyone else stuck in arrest that can't pay the bail, use a bail bondsman to get out of it? It seems like a reasonable idea but broken in practice. If I wanted to become a fugitive I wouldn't care of I was chased by both bounty hunters and the police. You may also enjoy http://rosettacode.org/wiki/Rosetta_Code . They have hundreds of smaller problems which you can solve in your favourite language. That's a circular argument. "If wage discrimination existed, then the magic market would have corrected it. Ergo wage discrimination cannot exist." All reports about employers exploiting immigrant labour is false too. Whether they are legal or illegal immigrants is irrelevant to the argument presented. The market should identify a "business opportunity" and push salaries upwards to an equilibrium. This guy's videos is amazing: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XU8kWMMXrQ8 I'd probably watch them if they where like his. Oh the dhhraaaama! Glib/GObject is pretty good and seems to be what you're looking for: https://developer.gnome.org/glib/2.37/ It's not tied to the GNOME platform at all but rather contains building blocks such as hash maps, linked and array lists, heap allocators, string manipulation functions and so on. Personally, I find some parts of GObject to be over engineered and distasteful but most of it is solid utility. Then you have https://wiki.gnome.org/Vala which is a whole new language built on top of C + Glib/Object whose main selling point is that it compiles to, and is totally compatible with, plain C code. Do keep in mind that all of this, Glib, Vala, Cello and other "make C more like a high-level language" are basically hacks to workaround the fact that C is a very low-level language and lacks many powerful features. I believe one is much more productive using Glib + C than just plain C, but you are still less productive than if you had choosen a modern language in the first place. I do it personally because I like having the validator saying "0 validation errors!" Fixing the errors in entertaining work. But honestly, for production sites, it doesn't matter one bit if the site has validation errors or not. +1! Slant.co works great because many "not constructive" questions are on the format "which alternative among $x is best for $y?" However, the site seem to be lacking in polish. For example, it doesn't remember your login and the procedure for updating and commenting on viewpoints is convoluted. Plus, there is no timestamps anywhere so it's hard to see what is going on on the site. Stackoverflow is much better from a usability perspective. As a "lefty" and someone with enough karma to downvote comments. I will only downvote for three reasons: 1. Comments beginning with "I will probably be modded to oblivion for this, but ... " Where " ... " Is usually some schizo, racist shit. 2. Show HN-comments like "Why did you spend hundreds of hours building this useless hack when you could have contributed something useful to humanity instead?" 3. Terrible "in soviet russia" jokes and other slashdot-originated garbage. As of yet, I've never downvoted someone for any other reason, but I'm tempted to start downvoting all those "hn mods are in a big communist conspiracy and are censoring the truth!" comments because proving paranoid people right seems like fun. Nice! Have you tried any other tokenizing approaches, such as PyParsing? I think the syntax for specifying parsing rules with that library is incredibly simple. Eh, I think Gladwell has a point here. "Captain, Guam condition is no good." doesn't count as "speaking up" when a situation is potentially life-threatening. Then you say something like "This approach is very dangerous, I think we should try something else." You're just wrong. Of the Swedish mothers I know, they all stopped drinking when they became aware of their pregnancy. Any mother who didn't would be seen as a skank and probably would even be denied wine if she ordered it at restaurants. The general sentiment is that drinking/smoking/drugging pregnant women are trash. This post is very gladwellesque; presents an anecdote then draws a very general conclusion based on it (being honest is good). Reading it, it doesn't seem that what made an impression on you was PG's objective criticism of your idea that made your change your mind. It was that he was upset and said something mean . I think that because what you quote of what PG said and therefore must have made the most impact on your decision is his expressions that basically can be translated to "you are fucking stupid": "Moments like these make me glad we invested in sixty-four startups!", "If you want to drive off a cliff, go right ahead.", "like moths for bad ideas." I suppose you want to be seen as rational actors and would never admit it, but when I read your post it seems like you reacted to PG's anger, frustration, meanness and other emotions, but not to his honesty . The conclusion I would draw from your anecdote is that it is much easier to get your point across if you are emotional, even when dealing with intelligent, technical people. > I don't think his comments translate into "you are stupid." They translate very clearly into "that is a terrible idea." With perhaps a shade of "don't 'pivot' because your feet are cold." Consider this: If some random person after listening to you presenting your idea says a. "that is a terrible idea" or b. "you are fucking stupid." Does it matter? B may be more unpleasant to you, but both A and B express the exact same opinion about your idea. Anyway, I think you missed my point. Nobody cares if feelings get hurt, but expressions like "like moths for bad ideas" aren't brutal honesty. What would Spock have done when brandonb and his partner presented their (supposedly well-researched) idea bout changing the company? He would have said "My instinct tells me that your idea is detrimental to your business. But this meeting is to short for me to analyze all the facts and formulate a final opinion. Please get back to me next week and I will explain what I think the major weaknesses of your business plan is." That would have been unfiltered and brutally honest. But it is also possible that it wouldn't have persuaded brandonb to change his mind. I'm in the process of moving my gmail account to fastmail. Trying to move 250k mail (7 gb) from one provider to another is painful. I'm using the imapcopy.pl script which works by reading one mail from the source account and then uploading it to the target. Apparently it's a pretty expensive process as I'm getting my access throttled both by gmail and fastmail. Gmail even shuts of imap access entirely if you hammer their servers hard enough. Well if they didn't want me to flood them, they should have made it possible to download your mail archive in a single tarball... So far, after running imapcopy.pl for almost a whole week, only 100k mails have been successfully copied. Thanks for the tip. I've tried that option but it doesn't seem to work at all for large mailboxes. Also gmail doesn't expose any api for exporting mailboxes, so fastmail still has to copy each message individually which is very time consuming. Mencoder can crop videos: mencoder $1 -vf crop=322:242:26:225 -oac mp3lame -ovc lavc -o $2 That command would extract a 322x242 rectangle from position 26, 225 in the video. Dating for awkward and unattractive male nerds that is guaranteed to work. :) Because everyone born in a capitalist society has been taught from day one that "the more expensive the better." Just as you would assume a $200k car is a really good one. States are likely to share its surveillance with the big corporations (who are much more powerful than elected politicians) to ensure that any union activists never ever gets a job again. It's a much better tool to maintain the status quo with than physical force. There is at least two dozen famous political philosophers who you can read for all the details. According to the article they asked: Have you ever looked up how to make a pressure cooker bomb? It's kind of a weird question to ask unless they knew about the google searches don't you think? Well, it is of course possible the question about "looking up pressure cooker bombs" came from thin air. Lucky coincidence. But, in light of the recent revelations, I think it is less probable than some NSA analyst flagging the terms "pressure cooker"+"backpack" and passing that info along to police departments. YMMV That's an incredibly hyperbolic and slanted headline. Believing any of that article will make you dumber not smarter. The order of operations is incredibly haphazard. Here is GP:s example again decorated with in which order the expression is evaluated: {6}({9}putStrLn . {8}show . {7}sum) {5}[{2}read x | x Here is the same code expressed in Factor: "3++4++9" "+" split harvest [ string>number ] map sum present print Annotated with evaluation order: "3++4++9"{1} "+"{2} split{3} harvest{4} [ string>number{5} ]{6} map{7} sum{8} present{9} print{10} Laughs at the US senate aside, it really sucks that Wikipedia hasn't implemented a simple ip anonymizing system yet. They could simply hash the ip of anonymous contributions so then you could still see the persons edit history but not run a whois query and figure out what that persons likely employer is. A system like that has been proposed may times but always shot down with "if people are concerned with privacy they can always log in!" Which doesn't help at all because people are clueless about technology and doesn't know how much some Wikipedia edits and and ip address exposes about them. You know, people (myself included) write on HN not because they want to "contribute" or being "useful to the community." But because it is an interesting past time. Is being useful to other hackers really your goal? Doesn't someone already own the trademark for Soylent? Here is Rob's trademark application dated February 21, 2013: http://www.markhound.com/trademark/search/sBxK5WeM7 It seems (to me) incredibly unlikely that someone hasn't already at least tried to trademark it for use in protein shakes or other foodstuffs. And whoever owns the rights to the movie Soylent Green might want to have a word with him if his food supplement ever becomes popular. I wouldn't. I get mail from recruiters every day so it's not feasible to take the time to solve even smallers puzzles. However, I could direct them to my public github work to prove my skills. Also, I'm not sure all interviewers consider it fantastic if you ace the puzzle if everyone else who works there barely finished it. On the other hand, if I was guaranteed to get an offer by completing the puzzle, it would change my mind. But most companies that wants programming tasks solved assign such a low value to it and values other factors much higher that it just isn't worth the time. The US is not lagging behind. When it comes to marijuana liberalisation, it is definitely leading the way. With the exception of Netherlands, attitudes to marijuana is pretty strict in Europe. The US has the most pot smokers/capita by a long shot. Also, Hollywood movies seem to portray it as some cool party drug, that hippies and pseudo-intellectuals use. The drug is present in most American Pie-style movies, many sitcoms and animated series like Family Guy. Personally I believe marijuana going mainstream is an engineered phenomena. Hollywood is able to create perceptions and demands where none was before. Older generations weren't miserable all the time because they couldn't smoke pot. New generations found out about it by the marketing. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adult_lifetime_cannabis_use_by_... and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annual_cannabis_use_by_country . Laws may be more lax in Europe but popular opinion of the drug is much more negative than in the US. But attitudes are changing largely due to how it is portrayed by Hollywood. HN readers aren't dumb. Your post is a thinly veiled attempt to market your site, not to thank anyone and you know it. Not that there's anything wrong with self-promotion, but at least be honest about it! Are you willing to spend money to get your problem solved? If so, you could purchase mine (see my profile) or some other developers time. If you aren't, then you just have to wait. Google employees are salaried which means their tasks already are decided. Volunteers contribute in areas they think are interesting and if they don't think your problem is interesting then there is no reason for them to spend their free time solving it. Only way to find out is if someone designs a survey. HN itself has builtin support for polls, doesn't it? Even a simple "Are you depressed?" yes/no with tallies of the answers would be very interesting. I'm sure that enough of HN readers would partake in the survey so that the result becomes statistically significant. But you haven't presented anything that is special about lenses. For example, your lens expression would be trivially translated to this Python: for o in obj["aKey"]: o["3"] = 4 The OP:s point was that lenses seem like a workaround for Haskell's lack of mutable state. EDIT: What I'm meaning is that to show lenses unique benefits, you would have to come up with an example in which the code is more succinct than the equivalent code implemented without lenses in another language . Still, you haven't shown why anyone should be impressed by Haskell's lenses. It's like you do not understand that isomorphisms and first-classness is totally irrelevant to me and most programmers unless it leads to better code. Here is a challenge for you or anyone else who loves lenses: Take a small snippet of real source code you or anyone else has written and uses lenses and post it here. I'll then translate it into Python that has the equivalent effect. If the translation is impossible or is less pretty than the Haskell original, I'll award you $1000 internet points. That's a contrived example and not "real source code." Furthermore you are leaving so many symbols undefined that it is hard to see what is going on. Where does 'traverse' come from? Nevertheless, here is how you would do it in python: https://gist.github.com/bjourne/6219037 A string type that is not a sequence of characters can be allowed to be more efficient by being lazy. Say you are constructing a string like this (example in Python, but the principle holds no matter what language): s = "" for x in range(100): s += str(x) print s If s is a sequence of characters, then for each iteration of the loop s needs to be reallocated to encompass the appended str(x) characters. If s is an abstract string, then the += operation can be implemented as just adding a reference to the string to eventually be appended. Then when the print operation occurs, the whole string can be materialized in one go so that it can be printed. Another, and more philosophical argument against string as a sequence of characters is that a string is no more a sequence of characters, than it is a sequence of symbols or a sequence of words or a sequence of sentences. You're missing the point. If you are appending items to a sequence, you are better of using a linked list type which is why your argument doesn't hold because you wouldn't be using an array type in the first place. But with "strings are character arrays" you can't choose. In the next step you get a proliferation of competing text types all because the default one wasn't defined as an adt. Furthermore it isn't god given that the right way to iterate a text is character by character. Word by word or line by line is equally common. It's therefore completely arbitrary whether it's a character sequence, a line sequence or something else. Add solutions to problems at http://rosettacode.org . Even if your solution is suboptimal, someone is likely to come along and improve it. Or create a totally new problem and solve it in your language of choice. That wasn't universally true. In northern europe winters and long nights significantly reduced the number of hours they could work. Sure, they worked extremely hard during planting and harvesting seasons, but the rest of the time not that much. Seasonal farming means that the result wasn't proportional to the work put in but rather to whether the crops got the right amount of sun and rain. Before that, hunter gatherer groups worked even less because they were so few and the food so plentiful. Why don't employers want to hire people who have smoked weed? Rather that those who themselves use marijuana is much more likely to comment and be in favor of legalization. It doesn't tell you anything about the "silent majority." Then HN:s up & down-vote system means your comments are likely to be downvoted in spite if you voice concerns. The reason for that is because HR departments doesn't know the difference between RoR and HTML and therefore doesn't think someone lacking the latter is capable of performing the job. Ignorance in other words. Are you claiming it is the same kind of ignorance that causes companies to not hire weed smokers? I thought I knew most of what is hot and fresh on the software development front, but I've never heard of any "server engines." Mind explaining what it is? Virtualization containers perhaps? Thanks for the explanation! Either that or you're young, naive and a bad judge of character. The founder, whom you obviously look up to, is likely much older and more experienced than you. Of course he knows what is going on in his own company. The other guys didn't become senior employees by accident. Thinking otherwise is frankly stupid. Leave asap. karolist got it right. Had you made two posts I wouldn't have complained and probably upvoted both. You hoped people would feel grateful to HN, and upvote your combined thank hn/show my product-post just as the last "thank you hn" post reached about ~150 points and would have driven thousands of leads for you. That's insincere and you deserved to be called out for it. Our friend Bayes and his theorem can help us here. Suppose you have an HIV test which is 95% accurate in detecting if you are HIV positive or not. The HIV rate in the US is about 0.3%. If you subject a random American to this HIV test and the test result is positive, what is the probability that that person has HIV? I wont do the math, but the right answer is about 2%. Since the prevalence of HIV is so low it doesn't matter how accurate the test it, it will still generate many times more false positives than true ones. Same thing with bombs. The number of American air passengers/year is about 800 million/year and of them, at most 5 are carrying explosives. Even if the bomb detector is 99.9% accurate it will generate thousands of false positives for each real bomb it catches. That has been my experience too. But to be fair, half the breakages was Grunt, half was Yeoman. Then I figured that the tools I use (coffe, jade, stylus, Flask) all support live-reloading anyway so Yeoman was not useful for me. A simple 20 line bash/powershell script was enough. I already have my cv in LaTeX so I don't think I'm in the target audience for your product. :) However, if I were you, I would try and market this product to smaller consulting companies. They present candidates to the customer, either by sending in the consultants personal cv (with contact details redacted) or by having the consultant create a new cv using the company's word template. In either case, it results in badly looking cv:s. Some consultancies use application tracking systems (ats) which generate the cv:s for them. But they also look pretty shitty compared to how beautiful LaTeX documents can be. The next time you see a cop, take a photo. You are bound to get in trouble for that pretty soon as the cops don't like it and many don't seem to be aware that it is perfectly legal to do so. I wonder if it would help? You would be harassed a lot but you would prevent photographing cops from becoming de facto illegal. How do you answer that question? Yes. No. No one knows how much impact a ceo has on a company in relation to a regular employee. How much does the US depend on the president? I tried it, but I'm very picky. :) For example you don't support Swedish so the Ö in my name gets replaced with OE which is not ok. Then for good paragraphs you also require Swedish hyphenization. Lot's of small details like that so for me, right now, using your system is not an option for my latex cv. Yes, sort of. Epiphany developers for a long time resisted adding tabs to the browser and instead insisted that handling multiple viewports was the job of the window manager. In theory, they were right, in practice it just doesn't work. Then somewhere around GNOME 2.12 or so, Nautilus fell in love with the "spatial" concept. So each directory opened would open its own window and also remember the window position so it would be opened in the exact same location the next time. Leads to the user having 30+ windows open if you want to drill down to some files a few directories deep. No way to undo the suckyness except to edit some gconf registry key. The User Interface Designers thought it was great. Everyone else thought it was a disaster. Fortunately it was changed to something more sensible a few releases after and the spatial desktop horse is (for now) dead and buried. Btw, while I sound really critical of GNOME, I'm not. I think it's great that they try new and wacky ideas that no one likes. Sometimes they strike gold and then progress is made benefitting all of us. All stories about how bad stack ranking goes like this: "I was a manager at X and all my subordinates were above average/great and the system forced me to give them lower grades." But it stands to reason that since the system measures performance relative to the average exactly half of the managers should have had the opposite problem: "all my subordinates were worse than average but I had to give them higher grades than they deserved." I think the former problem is much more common because people tend to overvalue the people they are directly in contact with. I suspect that if the managers could set the grade freely from 1-5, the an unreasonable amount of 4's and 5's would be given. In a large organisation like Microsoft's the skill of the engineers and the ratings should follow a normal distribution. So then stop teasing us and tell us what the numbers were already! I mean it doesn't make sense to blog about this idea about transparency and then withhold the most interesting point which is what the actual dollar amounts were. I think the code is pretty ok, except for the stupid name, docstring and that it is a method and not a free function. def chunks(seq, n): "groups the elements of the seq into a list of n-sized chunks." return zip(*[iter(seq)]*n) The rule is that all functions should return a valid result or not return at all. Aka the Samurai Principle: http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?SamuraiPrinciple However, an important point is that a "valid result" maybe a status indicating what went wrong. For example, a function that reads an http url may return (OK, 200), (NOT_FOUND, 404), (REDIRECT, 301) and so on. But in addition to that, the function may also throw an exception if a dns lookup error occurred for example. Opening files on the other hand, can fail unexpectedly for a billion different reasons. Most of which an opening function can't detect or do anything about and therefore can't return a valid result if they occur. Therefore it must throw an exception. Shrug. Most of the "citation needed" posts I've seen are in response to comments like "almost all recipients of welfare spend it on smokes and alcohol." There probably doesn't exist any studies that disproves that vague claim. Yet whoever posts it shouldn't be allowed to get away with it, hence "citation needed." >> the function may also throw an exception if a dns lookup error occurred for example. > What's wrong with (DNS Lookup Failure, -17), as long as it is documented? why doesn't 404 NOT_FOUND merit an exception, yet a DNS lookup failure does? Because then every function that could potentially cause a dns lookup failure needs to have that error code documented. Then ask yourself this, what's wrong with having (Out of Memory Failure, -1234) in addition to DNS Lookup Failure and HTTP Status codes? Think of yourself as a http function. You know about the http protocol and therefore from your perspective a 404 NOT_FOUND is a valid result. However, you do not know about DNS lookups or memory allocation therefore if a problem occurs in those areas it is exceptional -> exception. On the other hand, if you were a memory allocator function then returning out of memory instead of an address to the allocated memory would be fine. Because memory handling is your job. > But open() in C does return a valid result on any of those billion reasons: (fd -1, errno reason). Syntactically valid, but not semantically as -1 isn't a valid file descriptor. Awesome. It's a site-idea I have myself been toying with but never gone with. Maybe you can extend the scope of your site beyond programming-related topics? For example, I'd be interested in exchanging driving lessons for programming tutoring. Morgan Stanley and their ilk wasn't the cause of the financial crisis, it was those who trusted the stock market with our mutual funds. The largest monetary reserve in the world is the combined sum of all pension funds. It's not strange: you work 40 years and save so that you can live when you're to old to work. Over the last 30 years all that money was gradually put in stocks. Which caused the stock markets to grow tenfold or something like that. It's a natural consequence of the law of supply and demand. The higher the demand for stocks the higher the price. That money is the energy that keeps Morgan Stanley going. They can charge a hefty fee to manage your money because as long as more money is entering the market, the investments are profitable. Except sooner or later the pension funds will run out. When there is no more money to invest the stock market doesn't grow anymore with a predictable implosion as a result. If you know where to look, there are thousands of ways to contribute to each project. For example, q&a of the Windows port! Most free software devs use Linux, so the Windows port might not have gotten much attention. Step 1: Find a project that supposedly should work on Windows. E.g, gtk, Node.js, emacs, Julia language, R etc. Step 2: Check out the project on Windows. Step 3: Follow the instructions for building it. Step 4: The instructions in step 3 likely don't work. :) Or they are incredibly vague and incomplete. Or there are random compiler errors all over the place. Step 5: Fix the problems! I wouldn't mind the list so much if you wrote "this is MY best tips for happiness and success." Because then it wouldn't contradict many studies on the subject which finds that very different variables cause happyness and success. I love it when the establishment calls you a hypersensitive hippie. It means you're on the right track. :) I really think this kind of drama is off-topic for Hacker News. There are too many posts about twitter celebrities getting angry at each other and then trying to involve the rest of the world in their stupid fights. I mean the 120 char limit basically makes it certain you will be misunderstood, taken out of context and that the only way to get attention is to post extreme soundbites. Sorry to single this submission out. I just want less "blogosphere news" on HN and more technology articles. I used to play lots of multiplayer freeciv about eight years ago ad was pretty good at it. I think I even broke top 10 on their player ladder a few times. ELO ratings is a great way to keep players honest btw. When people have something to lose they wont just disconnect in the middle of a game but make a sincere effort to complete it. Shame it's so hard to find players these days. Most of the time the freeciv metaserver is almost empty. Has anyone ever tried to repeat the Rat Park study except for Bruce Alexander? Since the study only involved 16 - 20 rats, there surely could have been something in their genetic markup that made them more resistant to addiction than average rats. Also, Bruce Alexander had a hypothesis that flew in the face of common sense and set up a study that validated his hypothesis. Even assuming absolutely no foul play the result could be tainted by the researchers hopes. It's more about pragmatism than hypocracy. Everyone in Europe has a lot to win on painting the US as the bad guys and themselves as innocent. Major European tech firms are going to play this story very hard to gain fat government contracts rather than their American competitors. That's what might change things, when profits are being hurt politicians are very quick to act. Free software devs fall into two camps. In the first camp you have those who think process is important and that it and commit messages in particular are part of the product. Linus Torvalds apparently is such a guy so it makes sense for him to require carefully formatted commit messages as much as it makes sense for me to require four spaces indentation in the code. Apparently Github's tools makes it hard to enforce such strict rules. In the second camp you have those that consider only the end result, the source code important. For them commit logs are just one tool of many to help them produce bug free code. Consequently, they don't give a flying fuck whether the commit messages uses hard line breaks at the 72 character mark or not. The prettiness of the logs is unimportant. I'm definitely in the second bucket. Writing commit messages is no fun and adding anal rules to the process makes it even more unfun. Of course, sometimes it is necessary to explain what you are doing, and then you do that to the best of your effort. Btw, the best way to drive away contributors from a project is to reject patches for silly commit log message formatting rules violations. Linus can get away with it because there are so many that want to contribute to Linux, but projects with lower profile than his would falter pretty quickly if they were so strict about the rules. Paging is an artefact from the time when computers weren't powerful enough to show all content at the same time. For example, loading a html version of the several hundred pages long Emacs manual took an awful long time so it was more efficient to split it up into pages. Then technology improved and in particular someone invented the SCROLL WHEEL which makes scrolling on the web much more convenient. 10x might not be a good description. It is not specified at all what is multiplied by ten. But I'm sure there are engineers that are capable of performing at levels far, far beyond the average. No one would bat an eye if you point out the huge skill differential between a professional musician or a professional footballer and an amateur. If it could be quantified, Yngwie would be at least 500x better electric guitar player than me and Messi 9.37e8 better at football. I don't think software development skill is all that different. In fact, it would be surprising if the difference between average and elite was only 10x when it is so much larger in other disciplines. Man! It's like you were the manager at my previous job. I'll confess, most days I did spend my time reading hn, stackoverflow and working on more interesting projects than my assigned bug list. I usually came to work late and also took long lunches. But you know what, at the weekly group meetings, my team leader could clearly see that my bug list always was empty while my team "mates" lists were overflowing. I told the department manager I had a lot of unused capacity. Not once, but several times. It didn't lead nowhere. When I fixed unreported bugs or did the "refactor the whole program while fixing my 3 assigned bugs" plan I was heavily criticised for that. All my suggestions for how the systems could be improved or what features could be implemented was shot down because they weren't in line with the department managers great plan for how things should be done. It just lead to long dick-size measuring arguments. So exactly what should I have done? Sit with VS open, tap keys and simulate working all day long? Helping my colleagues with their problems was out of the question. As they, just like your department and this guy, talked behind my back and despised me because I only had to work 1/10th as hard as they did. Eventually I quit because the situation became unhandleable. I got verbally warned for showing up late and people stopped even saying hello to me altogether. I was sick very often because it was better than reading hn all day which actually is fucking boring. My new job is like a breath of fresh air because the old one was really driving me crazy. Truthfully, I can understand how it can suck to be average and have to work with someone much more skilled than you. I would also feel threatened if I knew about a colleague that could replicate what I do in a month in a few days. However, that's what HR departments, project managers and team leaders are there for. It's their job to make it work and if they can't and istead lose their truly great engineer, they suck. Is it because they tweet links to interesting stories? Otherwise how is it possible to learn something worthwhile from 120 char messages? It's hard for me to fathom how a text so short could be "mind blowing." So you trawl through a users inbox and look for confirmation email from paid services? How do you differentiate between free services and paid ones? And after you've identified the services how is your agent supposed to interact with them? Getting that right is huge and involves some very heavy nlp. But if you can create it, then there are many much more exciting products you could create than just turning off paid services. The Economist surely loves Sweden. The reason the banks are so profitable is that in the last few years they have raised mortgages from about 2% to 4% across the board. So I and most other Swedes who has borrowed money to finance their home has been hit with a huge extra monthly interest cost. Meanwhile the government has lowered the interest rate banks has to pay it to loan money to record low levels. The gap is what gives them big profits. Big gap, big profits. And there are only four major banks so competition is out of the question. They know it is much more profitable to cooperate instead of trying to steal each others customers. In a fair system I would be able to borrow directly from the central bank like the private banks can. Then I wouldn't have to finance their profits. See this diagram for historical mortgage rates: http://hypotek.swedbank.se/rantor/historiska-rantor/historik... But note also that banks charge various additional fees and often doesn't allow you to borrow the whole sum for the lowest interest rate. So the effective rate is higher than advertised. > Banks are profitable, sure. But also remember that the credit loses on mortgages in Sweden are practically zero, that contributes greatly to profitability. > Lastly, why would it be a fair system to have to lend directly from the central bank, you would not pay REPO rate as individual borrowers are significantly more risky than huge banks... You can't in the same breath both say that mortgages are incredibly safe in Sweden and claim that they are significantly more risky than banks. Yes it makes sense that interest rates are higher for mortgages than when you lend "in bulk." But not that much higher. TFA claims 15% in profit margin which is pretty good for just shuffling money around. My point is that there is no magic, or uber-Swedish intelligence that makes the banks financially sound and profitable which the Economist seem to think. It is that they get away with overcharging their customers, the lenders, for the meager services they provide. Amnesty and Naturskyddsföreningen Just because something is well-established doesn't mean it is right. "He" is obviously not a gender neutral word because it refers to a male. Now why should you make an effort to use correct language here? Because it matters. Language forms thought and if we continue to add genders to professions such as programmer -> he, nurse -> she, laywer -> he, au pair -> she then that has detrimental effects for the excluded sex. Do you deny that always envisaging programmers as males put female programmers at a disadvantage? Read the usage note here and think for yourself: http://www.thefreedictionary.com/He That is exactly the same logic that people who use "gay" as a derogatory term uses. But it is wrong as it adds connotations to a word where none should be, such as gay=bad and he=the norm. Ask yourself why you would want to use imprecise language that can be misunderstood when exact alternatives are available? Then by the same token you should have no problem using "gay" as a general derogatory term. You happened to not address that point. If you can't see why using gay both as the label for male homosexuals and for bad stuff, then it is not strange that you can't see why using gender neutral pronouns are important. Language shapes thoughts. Correct language makes correct thoughts, incorrect language incorrect thoughts. Which is why most people still have problems with riddles like these http://www.somethinkodd.com/oddthinking/2005/06/21/the-docto... . "Gay" as a derogatory term is common in English. You can find it in most dictionaries and it is neither slang nor "informal" (whatever that means). Here is the thing. If you can accept that "gay" as a derogatory term is incorrect, despite it being present in dictionaries then it's a small step to question other word usages in dictionaries. It allows you to think for yourself instead of just parroting "he is gender neutral" because you read it in a book. It isn't nearly as bad as you think. I have no numbers to back it up, but most burnouts (my own included) happens because you work to hard and take on much more work and responsibility than you can handle. It is really easy to let free software consume way to much of your life. IME those kind of burnouts outnumber those caused by toxic behavior 1000:1. > Shampoo: Some people report that omitting shampoo works well, but there's a nasty transition period of a few weeks in which you might look like you dipped your head in grease. Reportedly, skalp skin reduces the amount of fat secreted if you stop constantly washing it away. Who are those people? I'm genuinely interested. I got rashes that are made worse by shampoo. That would be Richard Stallman. The idea is to retain the good qualities of capitalism which is self-optimization and market-based decision making. The bootmaker and the nailmakers would be autonomous agents making decisions in their best interests. The bootmakers can buy nails from whoever they want, but if the market then rejects their boots because of shoddy nails, they will have to adapt. Also worth pointing out that in a specialized economy, most companies cooperate instead of competing with each other. The bootmakers likely need nails specifically designed for their boots so buying generic ones from China isn't an option. Instead they need to source a local supplier and tell them how the nails for their boots models need to be made. They enter a symbiotic relationship in which both benefit. Liberals like to see capitalism as a marathon where the runners compete with each other and the best ones win. But the system works more like the cells in a human body. Companies need to specialize and work together to be successful. That's not very different from having a company with an incompetent board of directors. In fact, it is exactly the same thing except in the Yugoslavia scenario every worker in the company would have a seat at the board. While it is true that some people could screw up their workplace for short term gains, is it more or less likely than an "investor" milking the company for profits and running the business to the ground? I believe it would be a wash. Who do you think is more likely to be incompetent, all McDonald's 450k employees or 10 board of directors? Yes, sure. No one said that the nail makers would be guaranteed a market for their nails. However it might be better for the boot makers to renegotiate their contract? And what is the cost of screwing over your local supplier? Maybe local public services will prefer boots entirely made in $your-country? Economy is way more complicated than always chasing after the biggest short term profits. The argument you are making is equivalent to arguing that dictatorship is better than democracy because regular people are too stupid to decide for themselves. Fine, but that is not relevant to the question about who would provide the most incompetent leadership. I can confirm that that is a realistic average for a frontend guy. Keep in mind too that most larger companies will offer you a salary that is significantly below the median they offer Swedish applicants because they believe they have a leg up on you. You are in a worse negotiating position and they expect you to be used to work for a lower wage. Edited frequently about 2002-2004. About Israel. At that time, Wikipedia was so young and sparsely populated that it was still possible to make great advances on such a contentious topic despite hugely different point of views. Then the trolls came, pov pushers and various ideologues who thought that the best way to push their view on wikipedia was to make "the other sides" editors be as miserable as possible. People that don't really care about history or facts or even being right as long as their side wins. So every edit or addition became stuck in discussions on talk pages or the mailing list. Lots of slurs about editors being anti-semites, racism etc.. Not only from trolls but also from admins. Thing is, when you want to write stuff you're at a distinct disadvantage versus those who likes to delete it. It can take you days to research a single paragraph while people who don't like you just have to spend a few minutes coming up with a reason why it's off-topic for the article, biased or something else. Then the ones with the most political clout in the Wikipedia establishment wins. You also can't start a fresh on Wikipedia. If you edited about Israel (or Palestine for that matter) and upset some people, they will follow you around and try to find reasons why your edits suck even in totally different topic areas. It's incredibly frustrating experience and huge amount of work. So you'll ask yourself what's the point? Unless you're a fanatic the answer is "absolutely no fucking point" so you let the extremists have their way and spend your time with more fullfilling hobbies! > Android's GMail client is very polished and there's not much in it that's specific to Gmail, it could be a generic email client that works with POP3/IMAP/SMTP and other standards as well. The experience of users that aren't into Android's own services do suffer. GMail uses a proprietary protocol that is decidedly not imap. It has features like colorized labels and inbox prioritizing that just isn't present in imap. Furthermore it has completely different performance characteristics (e.g it is much faster) than what imap email can provide. No one seem to have any details on exactly what the protocol is or how it works. They definitely seem to not want any third party clients accessing gmail though. Otherwise they would have published a protocol specification a long time ago. > We have a strong national military... what's to stop us from having a strong national development team? I'm 100%-for private industry and letting private companies bid and fight to build the best product for the job ... How would you then fix the obvious misalignment of interests? Party A gives party B $X to perform a job. It is in party B:s best interest to spend as little effort as possible on the job, and/or to maximize $X. Even if B is staffed only by rockstar programmers who do amazing work, their incentive is to work as little as possible and introduce as many bugs as possible be because they get paid for fixing bugs. Only way I can see to solve that is for the governments to do their own software development in house. Snow reflects sunlight very well. That is why it is generally darkest in northern countries in the autumn before the snow comes. Should be OT for HN. Thanks for the downvotes guys. Fine if you loved Lou Reed, but how would you feel if Hacker News featured every famous person death you didn't care about? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deaths_in_2013 Would you still visit the site? Agreed. It's not just celebrity deaths it's more and more obviously not technology-related topics. It's a shame because the interesting technology topics are buried in an increasing amount of noise. I'd assert that if you're a great developer, then the code you write quickly is not worse than the code you write slowly. For every problem there is a perfect way to solve it, and every hack and other kind of ugliness your code acquires increases the distance of your code from the ideal one. If you write code too fast it gets those imperfections because you are not yet good enough. But you are on your way to improve since you are able to reflect on your work and see how it can be better. A good way to get better is to write code as slowly as possible. Take your time and focus on making every detail as good as you can. It will take time but as long as you do it slowly enough you will learn a lot. You will get better as your "slow and perfect" time improves and your brain adapts. You will improve much faster than in "fast and sloppy" mode which trains your brain to not mind the ugliness. Well I disagree with you. :) Being in a rush almost by definition means that you have to perform faster than you're capable of. But the point is that you can push your limit on what "being in a rush" means by practicing. A few hours might be impossibly rushed for one programmer while it is ample time for another. Furthermore the more you train yourself on writing good code, the less of a speed advantage it is to write bad code. I love having the old compose both for writing new mails and replying back. Thanks! Any chance you could setup a donate option that doesn't involve paypal? :) You might find Norman J Wildebergers Youtube videos on the subject interesting: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REeaT2mWj6Y He argues quite convincingly that real numbers like pi shouldn't be seen as numbers and that infinity does not exist. It's very fascinating reasoning to listen to even if you don't agree with all of it. Only reason why is to make pretty diffs. Now git has options so people don't have to deal with anal retentive details like that any more. The best option is of course to have a pre-commit hook that strips trailing whitespace from lines. The absolutely worst option is to force people to spend brain cycles dealing with that stuff. I'll make an even bolder claim: Meteor doesn't work at all for anything except small toy apps. Meteor is built on the idea of reactiveness between server and clients. That is if the servers view of the data changes, then the clients views' must also change at the same time. It accomplishes that using websockets and letting each client have a full copy of all the servers data in memory. Works great for simple chats and for highscore lists consisting of 10-20 items. Not so great when there are 500k items ordered by score and someone wants to paginate through all of them. It's trivial in a sql-database backed application, but more or less impossible with Meteor because you can't listen to arbitrary queries without having the whole collection in the clients memory. Btw, I'd love to be proven wrong though. I tried to write an equivalent of phpMyAdmin for the Meteor+MongoDB combination, but I couldn't figure out how to how to provide clients with an always updated view of mongo collections without running them out of memory. No stopping autopublish doesn't solve anything in this case. In my leaderboard example, the clients view of the highscore is dependent on all data in the collection which has to be published and the client has to subscribe to it. Even if you only want to show the best 10 scores of your 500k population, Meteor doesn't allow you to subscribe to the Mongo equivalent of "select player, score from results order by score desc limit 10" (last I checked anyway) And even if it did, well what if you want to see result 11-20 or the 10 best scores among your friends? You or someone else is very welcome to prove me wrong here and I'll admit I'm an idiot. All that is needed is 1 grid, 500k items, allow me to sort up and down on the headers and let me paginate through it as I please and support 5 simultaneous users. Trivial to write using Rails or Django. I claim impossible to write in Meteor. Yep, if only the "forces of thruth" actually knew what they were talking about it would have worked great. :) Btw, I've asked for help in other places (which I won't link to as I like to keep my internet identities somewhat separated) but no one has an efficient way to deal with large collections. In addition to that to make robust pagination you need aggregation. Printing the message "you are looking at page X of Y pages" requires you to know the count of the collection or else you can't say how many pages there are. I.e You need to reactively monitor MongoDB's equivalent of "select count(*) from blaha". Doing that (without cheating and caching the count) is very expensive in Meteor. One count(*) query per request is not expensive at all. Suppose you cache the count and someone else adds rows to the collection. Your cached count is not getting updated and the whole reactivity concept breaks down since your app now thinks the row count is different from what it really is. Assume the stock market follows the theory of supply and demand. The amount of stocks is mostly constant, so if the stock prices increases then the demand must also have increased. Why has the demand increased? Because more people want to put more money there. Why do they want that? Because they have more money and the only reasonable thing to do with that money is to buy stocks. Why do they have more money? Tax cuts for the rich. There is only so many yachts and cars you can buy, the rest of the unallocated capital has to be invested somehow. Will the demand for stock continue to grow? Perhaps if there are more tax cuts or if more money is "freed" so it can be put in stocks. It was tax cuts during Bush's years. But yes, the end result is basically the same though. 100k visitors per day is 4k visitors/hour is 1.2 visitors/s. Suppose each visitor clicks on 10 pages (that is very high) and you get a total of 12 requests/s. Now even assuming much higher load during peak hours you're still looking at max 100 requests/s. My point is that that kind of traffic is truly minuscule. As long as you set it up correctly and use a decent cache it will handle the load fine. Any platform you choose and hosting for ~$200/month will be enough. No, I explicitly assumed peak loads about 10 times the average, 100 reqs/s instead of 12 reqs/s.. > I would bet money that within thirty years this mission will be entirely handed over to UAVs/drones, since they're cheaper to operate and actually have some advantages over manned fighters -- a drone can turn harder than a manned plane can, for instance, because it doesn't have to worry about the G-forces killing the pilot. But technology is not quite there yet today. Isn't that time frame incredibly conservative? Think about how much technology has changed since 1983. Drones were mostly unknown less than ten years ago and now they are autonomously bombing targets. I can't believe it will take 30 more years before drones become equally good (and already much cheaper!) than manned fighters. In five years seem more likely. I was genuinely surprised that the diff was so small. It's a sign of a a well written and factored system. In more average codebases big changes like that would likely require changes in multiple places and also cascade changes to related modules. A large part of why I like Haskell is the ghc-specific extensions. TemplateHaskell, OverloadedStrings, DeriveGeneric etc.. Standard Haskell is (imho) much more cumbersome without them. I think you should work on Factor: http://factorcode.org/ It's a new and very different programming language that takes about a month of study to learn. After that it will totally blow your mind showing you new and better ways to write software. So embrace Factor and spread the message! :) Take all the fast food workers that strikes to raise their minimum wage from ~$7 to $15/hour because they need to work more than 8h or are dependent on food stamps. Many (most?) economists think that that will have disastrous consequences for the US economy. Iff economy is a science, then their view should be taken into account because it is based on solid scientifically-backed evidence. Exactly like how you would take the view of climate scientists very seriously if you knew climate science was a real science. But if economy is not a science, that means there is no evidence either or. Then you have no one else results to rely on and have to use your own common sense to analyze questions like the above one. > Example: try having any type od scientific discourse even in a medical field about DNA differences among races that cause higher rates of lung disease among blacks. Exactly what incident are you referring to? If you want to claim that scientific thought is hindered by the PC police then you need to back it up with something. Otherwise you are just repeating allegations. Because there are a lot of things in linux/unix-land that is completely braindamaged. But they have been with us for so long that they become impossible to change. Like dotfiles, the ps command and Linux memory handling. Windows 8 has a nice graph which shows memory usage over time in which the filesystem cache is not visible. If it was included, memory usage would constantly hover at about 90% which wouldn't be very useful and very confusing. When Windows XP was introduced famous tech journalist John Dvorak complained that "System Idle Process" was using 99% of his cpu and slowing down his computer. In later Windowses, System Idle Process is no more. Also even when you subtract the fs cache and get number of megabytes free memory you have available. That number has almost no bearing on how many number of megabytes an application of yours can allocate. Linux memory management is much more complicated than that. That's equivalent to socialism. :) If the compensation received is proportional to the credits, then there is just one optimal strategy for distributing the credits. What's so hard about it? Have a public registry of transactions that are deemed illegal or theft. Refuse to accept transactions by bouncing them back. So if you are the receiver of 1 btc from anyone on the blacklist you have to create a transaction that returns the 1 btc to the sender. If the address doesn't do that, then that address is also put on the blacklist. Since all bitcoin transactions are public, it is trivial to verify whether the receiver of the btc complies or not. It could work almost exactly like Spamhaus which tracks email spammers (which coincidentally also happens to be pseudonymous) and smtp servers relaying spam. As long as enough people opt in to the blacklists it would make life very hard for thieves. Whoever controls the blacklist would gain a lot of power yes, but since opting in would be voluntary you could always decide to use a different blacklist. 1. It would be trivial to implement feature in bitcoin clients to automatically bounce transactions from blacklisted addresses. 2. The situation is the same as if someone irl where to accidentally purchase stolen goods. Or as if you where accidentally spamlisted because you forgot to secure your smtp server. Your options would be: a) Return the bitcoins and clear your status. b) Argue your case with the operators of blacklist B. c) Ignore your blacklisting and just don't do business with those who follow blacklist B. If they blacklist addresses for frivolous reasons, more people will ignore their list and it won't matter if you are on it or not. A decent client could automatically keep the blacklists updated so it would hardly be any burden for normal users. Obviously it is some kind of ironic marketing campaign. The full pr is here: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/news/press/2013/nov13/11-06ge... I don't get it because I'm picturing people that are working 8h in the office and then working during the night thanks to Office 365. Perhaps you could link to such an instance? If you have seen it many times that is, I haven't seen it even once. Another fundamental quality: Always trying to find faults and errors everywhere and in everything. Especially in random blog posts. Love them. Much more interesting than the average hn posts. In my mind, this is an important bug report. Often when you deal with users, the problem is between the keyboard and chair: "The calculations are all wrong!" "Yes, that's because you uploaded an excel spreadsheet with all the wrong numbers..." But sometimes it isn't the users fault. Sometimes programs crash because you made a coding error. So you fix your code and the users become happy. To me, this story is the latter. Guy didn't do drugs, isn't a suffering a mental disorder, have a gambling problem, alcoholic and still becomes homeless! Then I think the problem can not be blamed on a user error, but is a system problem. Perhaps this user didn't behave exactly as the system programmers expected, but there still needs to be enough error handling builtin so you don't get homeless from the errors he made. Supposedly he tried his best and he seems like a smart person. I think a very large part of the population would have taken even worse decisions in the same situation. I agree with you that a technical solution is needed. Forcing developers to store passwords securely, experience shows it doesn't work. But how exactly would your solution work? If I work at a computer I haven't used previously, how am I supposed to authenticate to a site without using a password? Fucking anyone can pretend they have a fucking insightful fucking idea by using the fucking fuck word enough times. It doesn't fucking prove that you fucking know what you're talking about. Tt fucking only makes you look retarded because you fucking can't express your angry ideas using more fucking varied language. You motherfucker. I stopped using shampoo and conditioner. It's the best fashion advice I've ever had and it's funny that it came from a hn article. Better looking hair, better protection against cold, no more dandruff, much smaller dry scalp patches and so on. Thanks HN! I just spend more time rubbing my scalp with my fingertips to get rid of dead skin cells or what have you. My non-scientific opinion is that that is what is important to keep your hair clean and shampoo mostly helps to lubricate your fingers and dry out natural oils. Invest in a good piano teacher. It is very expensive, but I can almost guarantee that you will progress many times faster than if you try to learn it all by yourself. Talk about throwing out the baby with the bathwater.. The original article was wrong because it proposed replacing strings with arrays of code points. Clearly, that doesn't work. This article is wrong because adding more string types just shuffles the problem around. There is nothing "machine consumable" about strings encoded in a certain anglo-centric character encoding! Just don't even think that thought. "abc" is absolutely not more "machine consumable" than "東京". You don't "hash prose" by transliterating text into ascii characters. It's not impossible to fix the existing string types. Principle of least surprise holds. In cases when it doesn't, the locale is the tie-breaker. E.g. "Scheiße".upper(locale.DE) may be different from "Scheiße".upper(locale.RU). You are looking for a distance metric on strings. If d(s1, s2) = 0, where s1 and s2 are strings, then they are equivalent. "Łódź" may be the same as "Lodz" to you in the same way that "komputor" may be the same as "computer" to a Russian speaker. To someone else the names "Anderson" and "Andersson" are equivalent. Now you see the problem -- exact matching is futile and you should use fuzzy matching instead, like normalized Levenshtein distance, and rank the results based on similarity. Even that is not enough if you want to support non-Latin alphabets because they have different ideas about what a character is but it should get you started. Note that the article cleverly omits any numerical data, likely not to scare of the numberophobic readers. Nowhere does it say whether female brains where 0.1% more connected, 1%, 10%, 100% or 1000% across hemispheres. It just says "more connected." So, if you want to calibrate your gender difference prejudices those numbers are very important -- without them the article doesn't say very much. The shorter the code, the less room there is for bugs to hide. There are exceptions to that rule but they are not nearly as common as people make them out to be. Your experience with languages with exceptions seem to come from people who misuse them. Randomly placing catch clauses around in the code is not good practice, even if perhaps a majority of all programmers in safe languages code that way. That causes latent bugs that are incredibly hard to debug. The trick is to almost never ever catch exceptions. For example, in his post he describes a bug caused by accessing beyond allocated memory. That would in a safe language immediately have caused an ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException (or equivalent) which the programmer would have fixed. In C, errors are often "silent" because you can't be bothered to check the return value of every call to printf. In a correctly coded program in a safe language errors are never ever silent. I don't think you understand proper exception handling. Catching and wrapping DiskFullException is pretty pointless because what are you going to do about it? Nothing. It's nonsensical for a preferences class to deal with that situation. Instead let it bubble up and so that the caller has the option of handling it, for example by showing a dialog "Delete temporary files and try again?" You'll never be able to catch all exception. In addition to your DiskFullException, you have PermissionDeniedException, NFSException, NullPointerException, InvalidFilenameException, PathToLongException ad infinitum. By trying to be "nice" by trying to wrap all those exception you are actually doing your api users a great disservice. Because the core of your argument was based on a stupid rule I don't agree with! You: "Throwing DiskFullException results in abstraction leakage" Me: "No it doesn't.." > Underage prostitutes (which are extremely common in Europe) can't consent. You better define "extremely common" or come up with a proper reference for that claim. The null hypothesis of course. None of your links supports the "extremely common" statement, nice try though. Well.. I've been writing phone games, backend system for gambling sites, written crm sites, spent years on billion dollar companies projects that got nowhere, fixed spelling errors in forms applications used by All while drawing a reasonable salary coding in a cozy office. But is my work "required by the economy" for any reasonable definition of "required by the economy"? I can't say I'm sure about that. If you click Buy Now and then enter an email address you get a message "Oops! Our credit card processor seems to be down, we'll email you as soon as you can continue your order!" I didn't enter mine and wont because I'm almost sure the addresses collected will be sold to other marketeers. Why are almost all CEO:s and company leaders tall? Is it just a coincidence and when they selected the "most qualified" candidates almost all of them happened to be tall? Is it because taller people just are that much smarter than everyone else? I see. Silly me for suspecting it has something to do with discrimination. That explains why there are so few women on leadership positions -- they are on average 10-20 cm shorter than men so they are both much dumber and much less charismatic than guys. It doesn't explain why the tall and hyper-charismatic smart Dutch men aren't dominating the world. But I guess it's only a matter of time. Perhaps we should export some of our geniuses to the short and Asian countries, they obviously suffer from a severe lack of tallintellect there. The point is that js2-mode interprets javascript which enables it to offer much more exact syntax highlighting and navigation than purely regexp based approaches. FWIW, js2-mode is an exception and most of emacs highlighting comes from regexps via font-lock mode. The author could have made the same point about Visual Studio vs other editors as the former parses syntax which most others don't. I'm exactly the same. And it annoys me greatly that being hypersocial and actually wanting to sit around in noisy environments is considered a prerequisite for many jobs. Not everyone wants to work that way. Stderr is nice in theory. In practice, it is really hard to consistently decide which types of output should go on stdout and which should go on stderr. Different developers (all experienced unixians) have different ideas on when stderr should be used instead of stdout. For example should stderr be used for --help, --version or when invalid arguments are passed to a program? Then there's the problem with granularity. An output for a long running program could be purely informative, minor warning, major warning, minor error, critical error or some other category. Putting all those outputs on stderr doesn't simplify anything for a script that would still need to parse the output and determine what to do with it. Yeah, but that breaks the rule that standard error is for error messages. You're then repurposing stdout and stderr to "standard binary output" and "standard various text messages output". With only tabs you can't align code like this: name_of_func_here(foobar_arg1, foobar_arg2, foobar_arg3); You can if you mix tabs and spaces but then you run into other awful issues because different editors convert tabs to different number of spaces. > This is not to say that change is impossible. But, historically, the only time meaningful change has happened is when there was overwhelming social pressure. We aren't talking about petty (and for the most part meaningless) activism here and there. We're talking about social dissent of such magnitude that it threatens to become a revolution. Only in such times has the establishment allowed any sort of concession. I believe the odds of activism like this stopping fracking companies is actually very good. Which is why they are being met with police brutality. Suppose fracking protestors can reduce the likelihood of fracking companies to get local land exploitation permits from 95% to 90%, then that is a huge win and will save many wildlife areas. It may not be "meaningful change" in the large scheme of things, but wins in many small fights compound and leads to bigger changes. Convincing people that they can't make a difference is the most efficient method for suppressing dissent. > I'm curious though, where does the concept of "servant" actually end? Is my mechanic a servant? Or is he not because I go to his place for him to do the work instead of having him come to mine? A mechanic is a specialist. You likely can't repair your car so you have to purchase that service. Servants are just a plain time-to-money arbitrage. A maid isn't significantly better at vacuuming than you are, so you are just trading a surplus of your money for more free time. And yes it is exploitative in that it puts a much higher value on your time than on your servants. Suppose a maid saves you 1 hour/week in household chores which you then use for working, earning you $X. But you only pay your maid $Y, a value likely much smaller than $X. The difference between the values is how much your maid has saved you by doing household chores for you. If I purchase stocks for $X and then someone immediately comes and asks to buy those stocks for 50% more than $X I would absolutely accept (barring special circumstances). But if I pay someone $X to clean my house for an hour, and then someone asks me to clean their house for 50% more than $X I would absolutely refuse (barring special circumstances). This suggests that either a) a maids time is worth much less than mine or b) the market price for cleaning services is severely depressed below its "true price". No, most projects are welcoming to outsiders especially if they bring in good improvements. From what I can see, an experienced emacs user could fix the formatting of your patch in about a minute so the "rules lawyering" seem completely unnecessary. It makes sense to expect well-formatted patches from veteran committers but most projects give the newbies a break. Yes. Don't do boring or stressful work for free is my advice. Also, you could receive some more insightful and tuned feedback then that soundbite by telling us who you are and what the project is. For example, if you have written 90% of the code, then you could perhaps fork your own project and retain the contributors you feel are worthwhile. Because functional code is on average half the size of imperative code. The shorter the code, the better. If that argument doesn't convince you, then you need to first understand why writing short code is so important. Nice catch. Since they are basically offering the same deal, reward for links, they must also be violating the same rule. How would those web services attract users without placing ads on other sites? Enough mathematics to understand Andrew Wiles' proof of Fermat's Last Theorem. It's probably an unrealistic goal but I'm trying. Performance. For example if you are syntax highlighting a programming language with hundreds of keywords, then using a regexp like "(kwd1|kwd2|...|kwdn)" is not very efficient. An optimized regexp can do the same matching much faster. Seconded! It's an awesome module. But you need to know at least a little something about SQLAlchemy and Flask to get started. Here is an example on how to set it up and use OAuth for login: https://github.com/bjourne/vvm/blob/master/app/restapi.py Yes, as far as the standard is concerned you are wrong. See http://dba.stackexchange.com/questions/27425/is-the-optimisa... . But it is a very common misconception you can hardly be faulted for because it is the way postgres does it and many people claims it is due to the sql standard. Of the only annoying features in postgres, imho. You have a large query and you try to break it up into smaller self-contained cte parts and voila, performance goes crap. Indeed that is a problem when you are copy-pasting huge blocks of code. In deeply nested code it can be difficult to determine whether the nesting should be say 28 or 32 spaces. In practice, most people shy away from writing such code because to many levels of nesting is hard to follow. People also prefer to write atomic 5-15 line functions in which keeping track of the nesting levels is trivial. Many C# and Java-heads complain that Python lacks support for auto-completion. Which is true, the language makes it so you can't have as sophisticated auto-completion as is available for the aforementioned languages in Visual Studio and Eclipse. But it's not so bad because Python developers are trained to prefer shorter names instead of OverlyLongJavaNames such as "getattrs" instead of "GetAllAttributes". Btw have you noticed that on this site, the only thing that indicates how the comment threads are structured is how the individual comments are indented? No, Pythons dynamicness means it is in general impossible to find all available completions: m = type('', (), {})() setattr(m, 'foo', 123) m.f Without actually running the code (which is unsafe), no editor could at that point figure out what the completion should be. Shorter lines are easier to read. Long uneven lines are hard to read. This is why all newspapers use multi-column pages with advanced layout algorithms to make the lines as even as possible. I also don't think being able to fit a "lot of action" on each line is an advantage at all because code like that is hard to follow, debug and refactor. If you instead split it up over multiple lines it becomes easy to see what the common parts are and refactor them into new functions. There is also a lot of people with poor eyesight who uses large fonts and would have to horizontal scroll (big pita) 120 char wide lines. Try to implement infinite levels of undo in an imperative solution. The functional approach makes it trivial, since everything in the simulation is just a big reduce function applying a sequence of changes to a state object. Mutable state on the other hand, makes it very hard to write. Because you have to type less code when writing Python. No braces, dynamic typing and so on. Programs are half the size or less than C# code. The less code, the less chance there is for screwups, the less time it takes to grok and the less work it is to refactor. That's why Python wins every time. There is no reason "computer text" couldn't also span the whole unicode character set. I don't think your comment is tangential. But I think the notion that some characters are special or more basic than other characters is a trap and leads to illogical thought. For example, many internet protocols are defined in that way. Ascii only for all commands and responses and then for i18n there are some crazy encoding schemes used (quoted printable, utf7, base64, etc) to encode unicode as ascii. All that goes away if your protocol is standardized on utf8. Then text is text and bytes is bytes. Well, he doesn't say that one should use byte count instead of code point count as string length. That's a strawman and not in the manifesto. What he is saying though is that one should prefer to count grapheme clusters instead of characters since the definition of the latter is incredibly vague. It certainly is possible to split text into grapheme clusters without involving any font rendering, see: http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr29/ Most text manipulation isn't performance critical, and when it is, you can always implement a fast-path for mostly ascii text. You can't go wrong with bringing fika. Most of the time you should use C-j to insert a new line, not RET. If you press ctrl with your left hand and j with your right it is much more efficient than RET because you dont have to move your hands from the home row. Learn Factor. http://factorcode.org/ It has a steep learning curve (meaning you'll have to learn a lot in a short amount of time!) which is good, because learning new things makes you smarter. Perhaps it does. I can't press RET while my three other fingertips rests on j, k, l. But I can press Ctrl (or Caps-Lock which I've remapped) comfortably with resting fingers on s, d, f. Not true and it omits to mention that increasing the inequality was intentional . Not as in a consequence of technology but politicians mandated that more profits and less wages would be good for the economy and implemented policies that made it so. Here is what happened in Sweden which you can see is third in increasing the 1%'s share. Sweden has lots of companies that export stuff to the US and other places. Now they get paid in dollar which they convert to Swedish kronor. So a Swedish company sells cars to the US and gets $100 million/year. Convert it to kronor and you get about 1 billion. Government decides to help them so they decide that Swedish currency is only worth 50% of what it used to (yes they can/could decide that). Suddenly, they the company now makes 2 billion per year. Meanwhile, Swedish people buy TV:s and game consoles from the US. All that now cost double of what it did since their currency is worth half of what it was. So what should the Swedes do? Demand salary increases to offset the higher prices of course. Since the (exporting) companies makes double the profits, they should be able to double the salaries. Except it wasn't so easy in the eighties to just demand that especially not when the government opposed salary increases. Salaries did rose though, but not nearly as much as they would have to keep pace with the increasing profits. Btw, this is not a simplification at all. There is a tape of the prime minister at the time saying that "salaries are to high and that's why the krona needs to be devalued." Similar things happened in other countries too. Yes, I've refused to do it several times and instead "counter offered" with a link to my public github repositories so they can see for themselves that I can code. When I search for a job, I usually have several application processes running concurrently so that I can find a good job fast. Then time constraints makes it so I can't complete several many hours long puzzles for each one. Unfortunately most won't accept github as a substitute for solving code puzzles and will instead just reject your application, leading me to believe that most companies offering them aren't using them to gauge your coding ability, but rather whether you are willing to jump through hoops or not. And it's easy to reject someone as being "not committed/doesn't want the job enough" for not solving the puzzle. Many companies are also using the code samples as a means for standardized testing. So even if they aren't interested in hiring you, it's still great for them to have hundreds of completed solutions to their puzzles so that they can measure more promising candidates ability versus the average. I believe he is talking about different kind of plugins. For example, suppose you are an editor and you want to syntax highlight c source code. You could then feed .c files to clang, get back a parsed ast and use that for awesome syntax highlighting. You can not do that with gcc and the fsf does explicitly not want you to be able to. Because you could then be writing a non-free editor to take advantage of and using gcc as a free front-end. Of course they do. They extend everywhere in the world. That's why sensible people form wage-stealing-back pacts, also known as "unions." Not sure if you are joking. But G takes you to the end of the man page and ctrl-b one page up. Only rarely will that show you any examples. Isn't it you who are being irrational? That closed source software is the adversary of free software has been the fsf's position for ages. I see no war propaganda and "adversary" is not a synonym to "enemy." When reading about Dylan, it seems one of it's main selling points is "everything is an object." But nowadays, that's true in many other dynamic languages like Python, Ruby and Clojure. Macros are everywhere and you can even add them to Python if you want to using third party modules. Though I've never felt the need because Python's syntax is excellent as it is. For me it is very hard to see what Dylan brings to the table. It's nieche is already filled by more popular languages. IMAP is mostly slow as hell when dealing with large mailboxes. For example fetching the 10 most recently updated threads (for a sane definition of what a thread/conversation is, which imap doesn't deal with at all) is insanely slow. It entails scanning the whole mailbox trying to figure out what the threads are and when someone last posted to them. Not fast when you can have millions of mails in a mailbox. Is that the kind of problems JMAP might solve? Also interested in hearing if you know anything about GMail's json api? Surely they must have something similar to JMAP which their web client is using even if it the api is proprietary? > A Common Lisp-style condition system is a pretty key thing for me. What does that mean? I absolutely agree with you about using ! and ? (and other special characters too!) in symbol names. That's something I'd like to see more languages adopt. The backend integration is completely optional. You can put any REST controller (given that they follow Kendo's simple protocol) behind the widgets and everything can be bound using Javascript. It integrates well with other Javascript libraries. But not so much with Angular, which is more because Angular doesn't play well with anything than a flaw in Kendo. To counteract such bugs I usually try to use as short names as possible. I mean, there is no point in writing productionDatabase when prodDb works just as well. It has several advantages but one of them is that the latter is much less likely to be misspelled. The abbrevation is not arbitrary and instead is very conventional among programmers. An arbitrary abbrevation would have been "ProDaBa" but no one abbrevates like that. The casing is also standardized: ProdDB in Python, prodDB in Java and (i believe) ProdDb in C#. Though that is beside the point because you still have to decide which letters to capitalize whether the name is long or short. See this video lecture for a very accessible explanation of what topology is (and is not): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdpbfOzkJzI The big drawback is that with 0-based indexing you can reference elements relative to the tail. If 0 is the first index and -1 the last index, then 1 is the second index, -2 the second last, 2 the third, -3 the third last and so on. 1..-1 would be all elements from the second up to including the second last. I don't see how you could have indexing from the tail being internally consistent if the arrays are 1-indexed. I'm curious if you, and other lispers, do acknowledge the possibility of there being languages whose users are rightfully even more smug than them? You think that you are enlightened and have seen lisp being superior. Yet perhaps you have only opened the first door and there is a whole world of even more powerful and algebraic programming abstractions you aren't aware of? Perhaps in a theoretical sense. In a practical sense, it is always the same people who are in favor of free markets that are also in favor of anti-strike laws and wants to undermine unions. You can't have it both ways. Either you are in favor of free markets and then you keep your mouth shut when a powerful union puts a blockade on employers who refuse to allow collective bargaining or you are not. > Honest answer: because in many states, the law is that a certain vote can force that contract into place, not merely deprivation of labor by the pro-union segment. Now you're cherry-picking. There are several other laws that regulates what employees and unions can do, what they can demand and how etc. For example, the union must be open to everyone so the agreement can't be used to give preferential treatment to someone. My theory is that many of us (probably including myself :)) doesn't have much clue on the rules of the game. Imagine playing chess (something many of us are very good at!) and being unable to think one move ahead. The ability to visualize what will happen in the next move is not in your brain. No matter how much practice you put in or how many games you play, you still get beaten even by children because you make horrible blunders like placing your queen unprotected next to a pawn. Sounds frustrating doesn't it? Now imagine someone writes a short chess tutorial basically amounting to "Just practice and think logically!" It would rub you the wrong way, wouldn't it? Lintian works using a set of heuristic rules which sometimes generates false positives. That is certainly the case here. Nothing to get alarmed about. That explanation is so simple it just can't be right. :) Usually if two objects are equal their hashes should be identical too. That's the whole point of hashing since otherwise O(1) lookups aren't possible. Apparently the bitcoin protocol breaks that expectation since two semantically equal transactions can have different hashes. > Transaction malleability is meant to change the hash of the transaction, because that ensures no-one can mutate transactions after they're in a block. Huh? > If you really need to track transactions in the way MtGox is doing, you should construct your own transaction ID that hashes everything except the scriptSigs (which are malleable). Yeah. Except the Bitcoin network also apparently produces its own hashes of transactions and those hashes include mutable data leading to undesirable situations like hash(txn1) != hash(txn2) even though txn1 == txn2. It's like hashing people by their name and age instead of name and date of birth. Next year you won't find them in your table because their age is different. Come on.. You aren't a douchebag for jumping to another job with double the salary . :) No one would think twice about that. https://code.google.com/p/waf/ is the spiritual successor to SCons. It started off as a fork of it (due to performance problems in SCons) and then became a full project on its own. It can do everything autotools+make can and you only have to code your build in Python rather than Makefile + M4 + shell scripts. I've been using it for many years and it is technically superior to any build system I've seen. Shame the author of it doesn't market it more -- with some hype it would easily have been the de facto standard build system by now. It's obvious you have exactly 0 experience with waf, yet feel qualified to dismiss it based on objections you have against completely different make alternatives. Make's rule system completely breaks down when you need to create a zip file of all *.c files in a directory tree. But it's a side-point, for complex software, build variants, configuration, installation and distribution are much harder problems to solve than dependency-based compilation. Waf is a replacement for the whole autotools suite, not for GNU make. To bad I'm not using git. I still want a zip file of a directory. Really, don't say "use a command like " actually show me exactly how you would accomplish that task, using (gnu) make, in an efficient and cross-platform way without causing unnecessary target rebuilds. You can't? Now you see why make is insufficient. That's for trying, but 1. doesn't work unless you have zip installed, 2. doesn't recurse the whole directory tree, 3. doesn't rebuild the target if a file is renamed or deleted, 4. uses volatile time stamps instead of content hashes to detect targets needing update. And is GNU make specific. Then what if you want bz2 compression instead of zip? Which jurisdiction are you targeting? The laws are very different depending on what country you are hosted in. > The GNU/FSF mindset is one of "You're either with us or against us" - but over here in the real world, things are not so black and white. That isn't in the least true. You should be very careful when trying to decode someones mindset because now you are putting words in someones mouth that never was there in the first place. This must be the most intellectually dishonest comment I've read in a while. Either find someone from FSF who's written what you're claiming or this discussion is over. Finding unrelated people who feels something about the FSF's position and quoting that .. is just silly. I am not a Wikipedia rules lawyer, but my understanding is that Wikipedia forbids original research. So even if you contact McCaleb and get the true answer from him, Wired's statement still stands because your research isn't admissible. The question has come up before in historical articles where someones secondary source is directly contradicted by some editor with direct access to the archive files. Even if you work in a gc language with a vm and all memory errors are checked, here is the major, MAAJOR, wisdom you should take with you: The crucial aspect in the failure scenario described by Michael is that the stack overflow did not cause an immediate system failure. In fact, an immediate system failure followed by a reset would have saved lives, because Michael explains that even at 60 Mph, a complete CPU reset would have occurred within just 11 feet of vehicle’s travel. We have seen this scenario played out a million times. Some system designers believe it is acceptable to keep the system running after (unexpected) errors occur. "Brush it under the rug, keeping going and hope for the best." Never ever do that. Fail fast, fail early. If something unexpected happens the system must immediately stop. Experience (which always should trump theories about how things should work) proves that you are wrong. What would have happened in this case if fail fast was used and the hardware had immediately resetted upon the first byte being written outside the stack area? Likely the bug would have been caught and fixed during testing because debugging a randomly resetting cpu is comparatively easy. It's a hundred times better than people being killed because small unexpected errors are allowed to accumulate. Partial application is syntactic sugar over lambdas. For example, say you have a print_with_color function: print_with_color(color.RED, level.INFO, "some message") But it's to long to type, each time you want to print a message, so you define some wrappers: info=lambda m: print_with_color(color.GRAY, level.INFO, m) error=lambda m: print_with_color(color.RED, level.ERROR, m) warning=lambda m: print_with_color(color.YELLOW, level.WARNING, m) info('hi im an info') Which works, but it is perhaps nicer to use partial: info=partial(print_with_color, color.GRAY, level.INFO) error=partial(print_with_color, color.RED, level.ERROR) warning=partial(print_with_color, color.YELLOW, level.WARNING) info('hi im an info') You could also use it on objects: std=partial(stdlog.log, level.INFO) std('hi') err=partial(errlog.log, level.ERROR) err('bad') Partial application saves you more in languages with syntactic support for them. There api producers design their functions with partial application in mind, unlike python where you often wish for an rpartial function because you want to partially apply from "the other side." That doesn't mean you shouldn't handle errors if you can. However, there are always more errors and coding bugs left than what you think. Systems with 0 bugs just doesn't exist in the real world. So if you are writing a critical system that is supposed to run 24/7 and your code encounters a "one in a million" bug that got through testing, such that a obscure race condition or something, then to handle it the best strategy is to reset the involved processes and try again. It's Erlang's answer to the question "What if there is a bug in the system?" Most languages doesn't answer it ("just dont write buggy code!") but Erlang does and tries to come up with a reasonable solution. Many of the famous Jews are only Jews in the same way that Steve Jobs is Arab. E.g. Dylan, Einstein, Marx.. The point is that there is precedent in letting the minority itself decide which persons are members of it and which are not. We should extend the same courtesy to all minorities. Reasonable idea, but just as subjective as any other criterion. That's why I wrote that it was a courtesy to let the minority's criterion be the favored one. It's a step up from when I interviewed, also about 5-6 years ago. I had to solve some coding puzzles ("uniquify a list in python while maintaining order") over the phone. Not so easy to dictate python code to someone with a strange accent over a crappy phone line. 2/3's of the interview spent on me or him saying "what?" He also was very grumpy. But it was a fun experience. I think this post was upvoted because the tip is easily among the top 10 advice that can be given to aspiring programmers. Forcing yourself to write short lines forces you to decompose code which in turn lets you see the patterns you are working with which you then can refactor. Long lines, deeply nested code blocks and code duplication. Those traits tend to cluster together and are a sign of inexperience imnsho. Funnily enough, the PLT group is working on a new language for education called Pyret http://www.pyret.org/ . It's not very similar to Scheme, it is very similar to Python. Given that you use a powerful rdbms, such as postgres, you don't need anything more than sql constraints. For example, the constraint to check the temperature would be something like CHECK(temp between 33.0 and 45.0). To check that no two user accounts share the same alias, a simple UNIQUE(user_alias) will do. More complex constraints can be enforced using plpgsql. Then name your constraints. Then when the sql layer throws them, it's trivial to remap them to user readable error messages. It works especially well in newer postgres versions where the error reporting is much more detailed and the messages easily machine parsable. How can you be so sure that your wallet software doesn't contain any exploitable bugs? No matter what scheme you use, it doesn't seem safe enough for storing large sums of money. At least Debian have had their repositories hacked in such a way that the hacker could have distributed tailor made exploits users would receive by running "apt-get upgrade". It's not so hard imagining someone inserting code in a bitcoin client to send all your coins to one specific address. If it's not a hacker, it could be an insider at Debian or the author of the bitcoin client themselves. I haven't seen any bitcoin advocate solving that conundrum. If the supposed experts of securing software can't keep their free software safe, how on earth are regular users going to keep their life savings safe on their own? In real world situations you already need to go to the database to do validation. For example to check that a username is not already taken. And because of the race condition, you still need to be prepared to handle a duplicate-key integrity error when actually trying to create the user row. Java has several runtimes. The most popular one is Hotspot and written in C++. But you can make an equally succinct argument in the opposite direction, namely to treat time values as polar coordinates. Then they indeed form an abelian group: a + 0:00 = a 15:00 + 13:00 = 02:00 12:00 + 12:00 = 00:00 The examples are for hours only, but you can extend it for minutes too. Showing that time values on a clock forms an abelian group under addition is a textbook example everyone uses when introducing group theory. You're right, but time values with timezones are completely different types from time values without. They follow different rules and need to be treated differently. http://factorcode.org/ ( https://github.com/slavapestov/factor ) A new programming language based on the concatenative programming paradigm. Not my project, I'm just an enthusiastic contributor. It's the most intelligent and powerful language ever. But a lot of library components are missing and needs to be written. :) http://ask.metafilter.com/235568/How-do-you-know-if-you-are-... http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/41473/how-can... http://sijinjoseph.com/programmer-competency-matrix/ Not the first study who finds appearance to be significant in areas you wouldn't expect it to be: http://www.nature.com/news/musicians-appearances-matter-more... http://www.forbes.com/sites/lisaquast/2011/06/06/can-being-t... http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2011/08/labour-m... Not to mention all the jobs where good looks is an explicit requirement such as in modelling, acting or implicit like for waitresses or cashiers in fancy clothing shops. It's a fascinating subject and it is very impressive that we seem to be very close to quantify exactly how important beauty is. Even if it is bad news for ugly people it is better if the facts are out there so something can be done about the problem. A developer being a "Java dev" is like a chess player that only knows one opening. Broaden your horizons. Learn C#, it's not that far from Java and will improve your technical chops. Perhaps he's suffering from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dissociative_identity_disorder ? History is full of brilliant geniuses with tough mental illnesses. With some speculation, you can most certainly create a scenario where it is at least possible the guy is the real Satoshi. Create a fully automated and objective system to gauge the ability of developers. Then people and companies wouldn't have to waste time performing interviews. The point, for me at least, is to increase the total volume of freedom in the world. Here is a radical thought: Western Civilization hasn't reached "freedom peak". The freedom level can continue to rise or it can decrease. Peasants in the Middle Ages probably thought they were free. We think we are free. How silly do we think those peasants were? How silly will future generations think we are? It depends. If everyone just shrugs their shoulders, then we can easily slide back to the Middle Ages. Freedom is not monotonically rising all the time. What I, who likes computers much more than people, can do to generate freedom is write free software. It's not much but it provides value and proves that valuable stuff can be produced without a profit motive and that salary slavery isn't necessary to ensure that good software is programmed. That's why I like the GPL. In a way that is saying "This is highly valuable software, but you can have it for free, provided..." vs BSD "Do whatever you want with this shit I just wrote for fun." Free software is great fun and I contribute to it only because I like writing code, but as a side effect of that I'm also, well, improving the world one tiny step at a time. For disabled users backspace to go back is tremendously useful. On keyboards with Alt Gr, pressing Alt + Left Arrow requires pressing down keys with both the left and right hand simultaneously. It's not possible if one of your arms is paralyzed. Targetting the back button (which btw, is getting smaller and smaller i newer browsers) with the mouse to click can also be a very time consuming task if you are suffering from involuntary shakes. Some people actually surf using tab to focus links, then click with return and goes back with backspace. For them removing the backspace as back function is a big step backwards (haha) in usability. Yes, one could argue that they should just install vimperator and some other addons to make the browser usable with their particular disability. But most handicapped users are just as clueless as normal ones and have no idea how to customize their software. Aren't "mixers" basically acting as money launderers in that scenario? In the real world that is illegal and frowned upon so it should be in the bitcoin world too. Suppose I'm running Honest Business Inc. Since all transactions are public info, I can easily refuse transactions from mixer addresses. I can even decide to refuse transactions from address which are upper bound . So package A depends on B being version 0.55 Why Hackage packagers like to specify upper bounds I'm not sure of. Backwards compatibility either is very hard to achieve in Haskell or maintainers just don't care that much about it. I don't know about Maven so I can't say whether that is as bad. But at least pip, npm and gems are a breeze compared to cabal. It's an incredibly stupid policy. As others have noted, other package managers also has the capability of setting upper bounds on package versions and pip also has the ability to freeze your dependencies to specific versions. However those features aren't necessary to productively use pip for example. Because Python package maintainers are very good at maintaining backwards compatibility (or using deprecation cycles when those are needed) because people that depend on their packages get upset with them. The rules are different for beta releases because it's your own fault if you depend on them and their api changes. Precisely because specifying upper bounds is encouraged, Haskell maintainers seem to act as if they have a free card when it comes to backwards incompatible changes. In the long run that causes much more packaging troubles then specifying upper bounds saves. Perhaps there's nothing wrong with Haskell nor Cabal, but the Haskell community's way to handle backwards compatibility is wrong imo. The old adage "Haskellers doesn't know how it feels to shot themselves in the foot because they are walking around with a bleeding flesh wound in their feet" fits aptly. The problem upper bounds tries to solve just does not exist in other languages because packagers are expected not to break backwards compatibility. I can almost without exception run the same apps I developed for Django 1.0 (csrf protection introduced in 1.2 caused backwards incompatible changes but that was an exception) almost ten years ago with current software versions. In fact, if any of the packages demanded an upper bound it would suck because I don't want to use a legacy Django web server containing tons of exploits which no one is ever going to fix because it's not maintained anymore. What problems does RDF solve that: 1. Does exist in the real world and are not just data theoretical research problems? 2. Aren't already solved by more mature and widely accepted tools? You're basically describing WAF. Even your sketched up syntax is very similar to what it does. Here is how you run candle.exe which is a part of WiX using a one-off rule: return ctx( rule = 'candle.exe -nologo -out ${TGT} ${SRC} -dMySource="%s"' % dirpath, source = ['%s.wxs' % group], target = ['%s.wxsobj' % group] ) It has canned dependency node generators in libraries for most popular languages: ctx.objects(source = glob.glob('src/*.cpp'), target = 'OBJS') Here you don't specify the names of the target object files directly and instead let WAF's c++ tool figure them out. On Windows, they will be .obj, on Linux .o and maybe something else on Mac. In my experience, regular programming is doable in open floor plans. You can write stupid crud sites and winforms apps just fine. As long you have headphones on. But when you have a system crash and need to dive through 100mb of log files to try and figure out what went wrong. Good luck doing that in a standard open office! You just have to schedule a few hours after everyone else has gone home so you can have some peace and quiet to do your log diving. I honestly think the traits that make you able to hack the Linux kernel, optimize the linear algebra required for the internals of a 3d engine, write Haskell etc are incompatible with preferring open floor plans. Edit: Btw, if you are able to do these "high level advanced" programming tasks while in a noisy open floor plan I would be very amazed. For me it's like trying to play chess against a highly rated opponent and that is impossible to do competently if you have to endure constant interruptions. Then suggest one that is both better than GitHub and doesn't cost you any money. Sourceforge, Savannah, Google Code.. They all suck in comparison. Domain appraisal tools are mostly worthless and could easily be an order of magnitude off the mark. You need to talk to a real domain expert to get a realistic estimate of the value. Missing the condition on the UPDATE statement is a classic. I blame the SQL standard which has most of its syntax backwards. It should be FROM WHERE UPDATE . Anyway I dont think you can prevent screwups in general. The only thing you can do is have systems in place which mitigate the consequences of screwups. Like unit tests and backups. Your assumption is just incorrect. Computers can already handle numbers millions of bits long. The size of the numbers are only bounded by ram and processing power not at an arbitrary limit. http://www.reddit.com/r/TheoryOfReddit/comments/1jyo8k/why_d... Found the link, ironically, by googling for it. All protocols are full of cruft like that. It's not that different from the Bitcoin "malleability" attack which also originated in a feature that has no practical use but the protocol designers thought might be handy to have in the future. Many people think it is a good idea to build extension points into your systems because that increases the flexibility of it. In reality it just makes the system harder to use and more prone to bugs. Ok but is there any evidence that anyone has a practical use for distinguishing the order of received heartbeat response packets? Otherwise it is still a complete YAGNI feature. And if so, why wouldn't a simple 32 bit sequence number suffice? It's better to yourself get involved in drafting the rfc:s, if that is your thing, rather than throwing out insane accusations. Politics aside (fucking retards). Looks like the attack was performed by getting the ips of users in the #opisrael chat room and trawling for vulnerable targets. Which means most of the outed users probably has nothing to do with the defacing of Israeli web sites. It's a much much easier attack than trying to go after them who was active in the initial attack who likely have slightly better security than random irc users. Django-Admin: https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/ref/contrib/admin/ It was a few years since I used it last and there may be something even more amazing out there now. You can easily have a large data registration system up and running in under a day. There are even 3rd party modules that extend django-admin for domain specific tasks. Yes please! But make it dirt simple, I dont want to think about fashion. I send in a selfie of myself in my undies, input my height and weight and the system gives me back a full set of clothes to buy, what they cost and where I can find them closest to my location, optimized for a maximum cost/benefit ratio. Anything more involved than that (such as reading an eBook) and I'm not interested. "Maybe I'm just being impatient, but I hear stories of people going from zero to a junior dev job in a matter of 3-6 months." Not bloody likely! Those people are frauds and get through the recruitment processes by talking the talk and being "nice." Going from zero, you need at minimum 3 years of 4 hours/day hard practice to be competent. Anyone can do it as long as they don't give up. But the op wrote "going from zero" which makes it different from your journey. Of course no one can refute your story, but ime that quick progress is very uncommon. It's the computing worlds equivalent of "bought a guitar six months ago and now I'm signed to a record label!" Sorry to be contrarian, but bug reports aren't weeds. The count of open bugs on a project is just a number and it doesn't matter if it is large or small. Closing bugs that never should have been opened in the first place is of course great, but many times the bug report is open because it is a tricky issue to solve. You cant just mark old bugs as "stale" and close them and hope that the bug is fixed in a newer version of the software. That's pretty unfair of you. Link-baity titles are par for the course for internet news sites. And the reported study is legit even if you don't like its findings. Are you implying that the study does not report findings of brain damage? Then you are wrong. Scientific texts tends to be as specific as possible which is why they write "deformations in brain part X, Y, Z" instead of the more general term "brain damage." Better wash your brain about that implied misconception. Factor is much more like Lisp and Haskell (esp point-free style) than Forth. I guess "learn Lisp and/or Haskell and Factor won't seem so foreign" isn't terrific advice. But right now there doesn't exist many newbie guides at all. You should see this video to really understand how impressive dbs technology is. Incredible doesn't even begin to describe it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBh2LxTW0s0 Funny cause most people I know on paternal and maternal leave says it was such a chore. That it was more work being with their child and that coming to the office was like "vacation" for them. But I'm already expecting most of them just say that because otherwise hardworking non-parents would become very jealous of their lifestyle. :) I could probably also work just a few hours per day and be measurably many times more productive than my peers, but jealousy makes it completely impossible. Soapbox time! Basic has a bad rep almost everywhere in the industry because it is interpreted (yes there are compiled variants), case-insensitive, optional brackets and doesn't lend itself to structured programming very well. But ask any talented developer in his 30-40:s (yes we were almost all men!) how he got started? Basic! QBasic, Commodore Basic, Amiga Basic (and Amos) etc. Here is how you put a white pixel on the center of the screen in qbasic: SCREEN 13h PUTPIXEL 160, 100, 15 That's how easy it was and what got me hooked and I still remember it by heart over 20 years later. I feel sorry for the kids starting out today with Java, C# even Python and Ruby requires more knowledge to get stuff done than what qbasic did. And you have to know about them and their packages, while qbasic came with everything you needed preinstalled with the computer. Computer programming is unquestionably much less beginner friendly today than it was two decades ago. And no, Javascript isn't the answer. Nope I goofed. It should be PSET not PUTPIXEL. And SCREEN 13 or SCREEN 10h, not SCREEN 13h. Im not a tutor so I don't know. But I wager that Javascript's event-based execution model is very cryptic in comparisons with Basic's simple "do this, then that, then something more." And you need to use lambda functions, need to place semi-colons in the right places etc. And to even put a pixel on the screen (vertically centered!) you need to know a fair bit of both js, css and html. And that's just the language. QBasic was available pre-installed on all pc:s, came with syntax highlighting, context sensitive editing, and a very good help system. If you pressed F1 on any Basic command it would show you complete help for it along with a full example . The good examples was important because I was using QBasic before I was good at English. Good question. I firmly believe that beginning with the visual prototype is the right thing to do. That way it becomes much easier to hash out the requirements with the client (they always change) and let "what is it you want to accomplish?" questions decide how the system should be implemented. Crappy programmers always start with the frontend first because they don't know anything better. Good programmers often start with the backend, and specifying a huge database schema. In my experience that invariably leads to a rigid system with way too many complicated relations and features no one need or asked for. One concrete example I've seen a million times is someone making a feature for advanced access controls, privilege levels, user accounts, who can edit this, who can see this etc... And in the end it turns out all users are using the admin account anyway! Great idea! I'm an amateur chess player (1200 rating) looking to improve my blitz game. So I'm looking for 1 hour of chess coaching, in return I offer 1 hour of code review of almost any language. http://www.kuro5hin.org/?op=displaystory;sid=2001/6/19/05641... Windows used to, and perhaps even still does, incorporate some bsd-licensed code in its network stack. That's a plausible explanation for the unixy path to the hosts file. Technically franchises. Only a minority of stores have external owners and most of them are owned by the Ikea corporation. > * the application isn't competitive, and there's no good way to say "you're in the bottom half of the applicant pool" What's so bad about saying "there are several other applicants with much stronger qualifications than you"? > * the reason for rejection is personal in nature, and there's no great way to say "we didn't like the Facebook photos of you launching bottle rockets from your backside" Pretty please tell me you are only using looking at Facebook photos when hiring PR managers and other public facing positions. Otherwise why on earth would how someone wants to spend their free time have anything to do with their job performance? > * there are simply too many applicants to reject, so a personal reason for each one simply isn't practical An interview with a candidate takes one to two hours. Evaluating the applicant with colleagues maybe 30 minutes more. Formulating a written rejection takes at most 10 minutes. That's not a lot of overhead. If recruiters at companies are afraid to have to defend their decisions on whether to hire someone or not based on their personal facebook account, then they shouldn't snoop on applicants facebook accounts. It's just so moronic that I hope GP is an exception and that most recruiters doesn't give a shit about facebook. Other researches have tried and failed to reproduce Rat Park's results: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9148292?dopt=Abstract "The results of earlier research, indicating rats housed in a quasinatural colony drank significantly less sucrose-morphine than rats isolated in standard laboratory cages, could not be replicated" Why? What they're suggesting is that the genetic markup of the rats made the difference (that's what strain differences mean), not the environment. And your other linked experiment isn't at all similar and doesn't have similar results. It's not even about opiate addiction. Btw, Bruce Alexander is still alive and it wouldn't be that hard for him to find the funding to replicate his experiment, with better controls, if he wanted to. I'll readily admit that studies that show sad rats to more easily get addicted to morphine exists and that they are valid. But they are a far cry from the amazing results the Rat Park study achieved. In the comic, addicted happy rats would rather suffer physical withdrawal symptoms than drinking sugar-morphine water. It's the difference between "environment may have an impact" and "the environment's impact is so huge that it overshadows everything else by a wide margin." Maybe a mathematician can explain whether this "trick" works or not? Intuitively, I can't see that knowing whether the M&M demand was filled makes it more probable that the other demands are filled. Say you have a pile with five black or white marbles. You want them all to be black. So you check that the first marble in the pile is black (ie no brown m&m:s). Is it now more probable that the other four marbles also are black? Because you are just checking one specific marble instead of sampling a number of randomly chosen marbles (which of course would increase the probability), I don't see how it can work. But you are assuming there exists a positive correlation between absence of brown M&M:s and whether the other demands are also filled or not. I don't think you can show that since the M&M demand was singled out. Had they instead randomly inspected once piece of equipment and found an error that would have been totally different. First of, now we know from another commentor that that the M&M-test didn't work at all since catering was handled by a completely different crew than those setting up the stage equipment ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7754636 ). Second, let's imagine that M&M:s and safety is handled by the same people. Then brown M&M:s could easily be negatively correlated with equipment errors because a competent technician would spend more time double-checking equipment than full-filling bullshit demands. You totally forgot about this thing called "profit." Higher wages requires lower profits which is a good thing because it increases purchasing power. It also incentivises companies to invest in new technology to reduce labour costs. E.g. Copenhagen has cool driverless subway trains. But the rest of the world doesn't. Should the economy turn down during the contract period, the pilots, having expected to collect 95 percent of the airline's profits, will in fact be entitled to 115 percent of the airline's profits. That statement is tautologically false since pilots are paid salaries which decidedly is not profit. According to this thread in 2002, the pilot's share of all operating expenses are 3-5%: http://www.airliners.net/aviation-forums/general_aviation/re... I.e the 95% figure needs a cite otherwise it's bullshit. See: http://www.airlinefinancials.com/uploads/2013_Network_Annual... Looks to me like pilot salaries are more like 50% of revenue which is 3-8% of operating expenses, not 1%. At least the 95% number is bogus. Take a look at factor: http://factorcode.org/ Your example would be written as: "C:/tmp/adinst.log" utf16 file-lines [ "SEARCH" swap start ] filter members length File is opened into a sequence of lines, then the sequence is filtered so that only lines containing "SEARCH" remain, then members removes duplicates, then length gets the number of elements left in the sequence. In the shell, "|" is the function composition operator, in haskell it's "." In Factor, any whitespace is function composition! Only the one who reinvents the wheel learns how it really works. :) That's in SEK so about 5m € or 7m $. Nobody knows how much money they made or even has an estimate. But they did have lots of advertising for years on one of the worlds most popular sites and their costs for running it were minimal. They are bound to have made something from it.