Overall, the researchers claim, eliminating depression and anxiety would reduce misery by 20%, whereas eliminating poverty would reduce it by just 5%. If we want to reduce misery in the developed world, then mental health is the biggest challenge we need to overcome. Everything I have ever seen suggests that the chronically poor have intractable personal issues, such as medical problems, mental health problems, learning disabilities or other personal issues. So this seems like a false dichotomy to me. I have lived without a car for like a decade. It is shocking how much the world is designed for cars. This winds up being a de facto "screw you" to everyone else, including people reliant on public transit. Many people reliant on public transit are either poor or handicapped (thus can't drive) or both. I wish this project well. Glad to see it on the front page. Makes me think of this piece: https://alittlemoresauce.com/2014/08/20/what-my-bike-has-tau... (Of course some folks object to that piece: http://grist.org/cities/please-people-stop-using-bikes-to-wh... ) I don't really understand that use of the word orthogonal. But for clarity's sake: I have read about issues like poverty for decades. In any given year, about 10 to 15 percent of Americans are below the federal poverty level. But only about 2 percent of Americans are chronically poor. This is typically defined as below the federal poverty level for at least 5 years out of 10. In fact, I have even seen stats that suggest that being in the bottom 20 percent in one year is actually a reasonable predictor for being in the top 20 percent the following year. Some people below the federal poverty level in a given year are temporarily unemployed and job hunting. In some cases, they are actually starting a new business. So, most folks don't stay below the poverty level. The people who are chronically poor are the ones that have significant personal challenges. These personal challenges both make them miserable and are also a root cause of their poverty. If they can't resolve their personal issues in some manner, they remain poor. I have not only studied such things, I have lived it. Misery is not just having X problem, but knowing that you may never be able to resolve it and that the world does a really sucky job of providing some means for people like you to have some kind of baseline level of comfort. It is a kind of personal hell. Thanks. One of the great mysteries of HN may have just been solved for me. So, what is an effective means to try to connect with people for work related stuff? Say, if you freelance and need a water cooler type group? Absolute poverty would be eliminated, and we would no longer motivate people through the fear of not being able to eat. This is just UBI with a new branding platform, basically. There are tried and true solutions that have an established track record of working, such as universal basic health coverage. It would make more sense for the US to implement those things first, rather than try something experimental. U.S. health care spending grew 5.8 percent in 2015, reaching $3.2 trillion or $9,990 per person. As a share of the nation's Gross Domestic Product, health spending accounted for 17.8 percent. * There you go. The $10k per person that is so often bandied about for UBI, and it would do more for the neediest automatically. People with serious health problems would get more out of the system without having incentives to try to game the system or milk it. * https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Sta... Starting my own is what I have in mind. I was considering doing so via Meetup. I am kind of flailing around, trying to figure out how to do that. Recall can be enhanced by recreating the situation you were in when you had the thought. Memory is impacted by state or mood, place, context, etc. But, yes, develop some system for making notes. If nothing else, email yourself. I am not specifically looking to connect with other writers. I am looking to connect to digital independent workers and people who might be interested in becoming such. I imagine this author has never been to a soup kitchen. One experience with your typical soup kitchen should cure anyone of the notion that this is a good idea. The food is appalling. The service is terrible. If your stuff gets stolen while you eat because they insisted you leave it elsewhere, not their problem. They assume they know what is best for you, never mind they have no idea what your diagnosis is and no idea about the doctor ordered dietary restrictions that go with it. So the assumption is both flat out wrong and monstrously insulting. I would literally rather fast for a day or so than ever go back to a soup kitchen. That is not hyperbole. I have made that exact choice on a number of occasions while dirt poor. You are reading in things I did not say and rebutting ideas I did not promote. My statement contains zero suggestion that existing (charitable) programs should be shut down. It only rebuts the suggestion that we need some government run "free food" program of the sort described in the article. There are also some excellent ones! I am aware that quality varies. I did a write up of one that didn't completely suck as a potential model for how things should be done. But I wonder how many soup kitchens you have personally eaten at and how many you thought were excellent and would prefer it to most paid eateries (I mean solely on the basis of the high quality of the experience, not on the basis of it being free). we should (not) discount all publicly funded food. I am all for food stamps. I wish that were made more readily available. Due to the lengthy and complex application forms, it is hard to apply to the program. I have six years of college and only managed to fill it out successfully because an agency helped me. I lost my food stamps due to a bureaucratic snafu and my attempts to reapply on my own were not successful having to do with barriers for me in the application process. The EBT card itself is done very well. I would be completely fine with people suggesting we make this program easier to access and also increase the funding by about 50 percent. I don't see any reason why we need to dream up some imaginary American Diner for feeding people instead of making some modest improvements to an already existing program with a proven track record that has already worked out a lot of the bugs. (When I was first on food stamps, using the EBT card was not as smooth as later. I know from firsthand experience they have worked out some of the bugs to make it work more smoothly than it used to.) I was homeless for a long time. Valuing my agency above all else helped me solve my problems and get off the street. When you start eroding rights on the excuse that someone is too poor to have any right to care about such high minded frivolities as rights, you deprive them of hope of resolving their problems. My comments are in regards to your statement here: but you might value your ability to choose less if you didn't know when your next meal would be. I am telling you that when I was so poor that I often had no idea when my next meal might be, I valued my own agency -- my right to choose and to make choices -- tremendously. But it looks to me like, overall, most folks here don't want to hear the opinions of someone who actually ate regularly at soup kitchens for a time. They want to say nice things about being generous people who will feed the hungry, and let's not let actual facts get in the way of our pretty ideas that this is always a good thing with no down side. It is a form of virtue signaling. It is also a form of pity, which is fundamentally disrespectful. You assume you are in a better position than the people of whom you speak to decide for them, while completely dismissing the opinions to the contrary of someone still poor enough that food security is an ongoing question mark. This seems to be par for the course. I think we have a fundamental disagreement about what sorts of policies would be effective, and using that term is unnecessarily dismissive. Using that term mostly indicates that I feel incredibly dismissed most of the time on Hacker News. This is a new handle, but I am not new here. I have had college classes on, for example, homelessness and public policy. I got myself off the street on my own efforts, not through some program. As best I can tell, I am the only woman who has ever spent any time on the leaderboard of HN. None of it seems to make any difference. I continue to get no traction. I continue to not get substantive feedback on my projects. I continue to have no connections. My income remains extremely low. I can't help but feel that sexism and classism are factors and I am just incredibly frustrated. Trying to do something good against long odds, etc begins to seem totally pointless and fruitless. I increasingly understand the very angry feminist types. I don't agree with their approach, but no approach seems to actually work. You and I do fundamentally disagree. I am not pro UBI. I think that is a polite means to crap all over the have nots and increasingly cut them out of ever more access to money, rights, you name it. I don't intend to engage further. I don't think this is in any way whatsoever productive. It is yet another exercise in me trying to engage in good faith with someone who seems to fundamentally be incapable of genuinely respecting me. Everything you say is another ever so politely dismissive thing done in accordance with the rules such that me getting offended just makes me look bad in the eyes of everyone here. I have been facing this sort of thing with, I think, quite a lot of aplomb for more than 8 years, to no avail at all. And I just am not coping well with that fact at the moment. Clickable: http://independentdigitalworkers.blogspot.com It is not disingenuous. I am a woman and, no, I simply don't have the kind of social connections here that the guys typically have if they have that kind of karma. Which means, no, I don't understand subtleties here that prevent me from accomplishing things I want to accomplish. This kind of dismissiveness is actually par for the course. I read the rules for Show HN and it says it needs to be something "you can play with." I see blog posts with some smidgeon of data. I write the mods in good faith and say "This doesn't look to me like a Show HN." I get told that, arguably , the spoonful of data in it qualifies it. I blogged about that on an old blog. I am not going to post it here because that would be drama. I am just looking for a good faith answer to my good faith question and feeling increasingly like the crime of being the first woman on the leaderboard shall never be forgiven. Because it does not appear to have done squat to help me figure out how to get my work taken seriously or my questions answered in good faith. Thank you very much. It was set up this morning. It is try number 3, and is pivoting another project, so I drew some content from that older project, then killed it. I decided I didn't like the first name too much. My first try was Digital Independents and I quickly realized that if I am telling people that verbally, they will probably hear Digital Independence. The next was Digital Independent Workers and then this. I want to figure out how to reach out to people locally. I am going to a lot of public meetings and making connections on the ground. I feel that is going pretty well and it led to this idea. I initially was just handing out flyers for my Write Pay site, but I want it to be broader than that. I could add a Google Group to the site as an embedded forum. My concept is that it is kind of a water cooler for people who work from home. Yes, I am connecting with people locally on the ground and that is going fairly well, well enough to help me get this far. But I need the site and concept better developed and locals cannot help me there. I could have agreed to do a presentation next Wednesday at a local weekly meeting, but I declined because I only have a half baked idea so far. I don't have anything to present. December is booked, so it will probably be January before they have another slot, but I just don't have this fleshed out enough. I had flyers for my Write Pay site. The library won't post them. Some places have posted them, but some people think it is a scam, the same thing that gets said about it when I have posted links to it on HN under a now retired, very well established handle. Personal reputation here did little or nothing to get the site taken seriously. People here accuse me of being a shill for the service I work for. The person on HN who recommended the site to me will not vouch for me. In fact, he dragged my name through the mud for repeating his advice on HN and suggesting it to someone else here a few months after he recommended it to me. When I blogged about that years later and someone else posted that to HN, he denied it. Saving face for himself was his only concern. There is no good way for me to deal with things like that. Saying nothing means my name remains mud. Saying something means I am guilty of talking trash about respected men. The utter and complete lack of respect for me involved there makes no ones radar. I can't get out from behind nonsense like that. Anyway, I need a thing -- a site and a program -- that people will not look askance at as a possible pyramid scheme. I need more than a hand wavy "I have a dream" blurb. I did post it here already as a link this morning. It got zero upvotes and zero comments. Thus, this Ask. Just posting my own writing on HN mostly does not go that well. Once in a while some piece gets well received. The rest of the time, I end up feeling like it was mistake. I very often feel it is an excuse for people who don't like me to justify their negative opinions and their accusations that my participation is somehow nefarious. It often leaves me feeling like poor people and women are not allowed to want financial success. It often feels like it is against the rules to try to figure out how to succeed in accomplishing anything. So with the feedback in another comment here, I am fleshing the site out more. I hope to post it as a Show HN soon. Thank you for commenting. I'm the author. I am trying to flesh this out. Yes, I am making contacts on the ground. But locals aren't that internet savvy. I need this more fleshed out so I have something to present. I seem unable to actually edit my comments under this new account. I am assuming it is a permission I don't yet qualify for. If there are typos, I can't correct them. Thanks. My ex will be in that one. I did a lot of therapy in my teens and twenties and I journaled for a long time. Then I blogged for a long time to help me figure out what I really think so I am not merely "rearranging my prejudices." I also talk a lot with two people I trust who work well as a sounding board. I look for patterns, both in my own words or behavior and in that of other people. I learned long ago to "trust my eyes over my ears." People frequently say one thing, but do another. In most cases, I think they don't even realize it. In some cases, they are outright lying because they have an ugly agenda, but most people seem pretty oblivious to their own motivations and goals. I try to not take it too personally while trying to avoid getting sucked in. Have they not heard of Adam Smith's The Wealth of Nations ? * IIRC, prior to Smith's famous book, the wealth of nations was viewed in terms of gold kept in the coffers of the kings. This was increasingly a source of puzzlement because it was failing to explain why some nations were thriving and others were not. This seminal work has been credited with being single-handedly responsible for transforming our understanding of wealth as "gold in the king's coffer" to what we now refer to as GDP. Wealth of a nation is measured by its productivity, not the money in the bank. While I agree we need to do something about the current trend towards concentrating money in the hands of the few, clearly at the expense of the many, this is not the way to do it. This in no way protects the productivity that gives rise to these riches. In fact, it is likely to undermine said productivity. There is no limit to how much people can spend. If you just cut everyone a check, whether you call it Basic Income or American Equity, the money will get pissed away. It will not get invested in a better future. We have to find ways to address the underlying structural problems that are causing the 1 percent to effectively bleed the masses for more. We also must do so without creating perverse incentives. This is a case of "the cure they are recommending is worse than the disease." * https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wealth_of_Nations Although the New York Times connects these two phenomena with a psychosomatic explanation of emotional distress, I view the relationship differently. Neighborhoods where African Americans lived – often restricted to due to segregation and redlining – were more exposed to both indoor and outdoor particles that triggered asthma symptoms. While struggling to breathe, black people simultaneously fought for the right to live as equals. I am an environmental studies major. This is not news to me. It would be more accurate to say that NIMBYism by privileged people, who are mostly white, is literally causing increased incidence of asthma in people of color. The de facto disenfranchisement of such people is literally interfering with their ability to breathe and is sending them to an early grave. A fight for rights is a fight for life itself. If we do away with the US military, we will promptly be invaded and taken over by someone else. The military allows the country to exist at all. The world is not full of live-and-let-live hippies who all love the US and its people. The military is also a source of medical training, new medical knowledge, various forms of stability, and research that helps create new products. I am advocating for people not being bled by the 1 percent to begin with. Charity never provides anyone a secure, comfortable life. It makes you their bitch and thus de facto undermines quality of life. I want people to have the money they deserve, but not by saying it is okay for the rich to first bleed us and then we will ask for some piddling check afterwards and kiss their butts and say "Thank you, massah." They outlawed slavery in the US. I would like it to really die and not come back from the grave with a new name. "Easy come, easy go" is a well known phenomenon. How you get your money influences how and what you spend it on. Most lottery winners are bankrupt within 5 years (about 2/3s of them). I know someone who got fired, got six weeks severance pay, drove to a vacation spot with a friend and blew six weeks pay in one three day weekend on sex workers and cocaine. They then moved back home because they couldn't afford their apartment anymore. Six weeks severance pay plus unemployment benefits could have bought them their ongoing independence. I would call that pissing money away. Edit: Changed hookers to sex workers. They were called hookers back in the day. You've got a pretty novel definition of slavery. Perhaps. FWIW, my definition of slavery is that the value of your productivity is owned and controlled by someone else, not you. I see the movement towards basic income as the promotion of a world of poor people in chains. Money grows out of power, not the other way around. If money alone created power, lottery winners would all promptly take their place in the halls of power. They don't. Most wind up bankrupt within 5 years. You only need one example to the contrary to rebut an assertion of never. What little I know: It can be enforced with significant fines. When I worked at Aflac, they took this fact quite seriously as a real threat that they didn't want to happen to them. The following blog suggests the fines can be up to $1.5 million and violations can also involve criminal charges and jail time: https://www.truevault.com/blog/what-is-the-penalty-for-a-hip... High school "typing" class.* (The following year, they changed the name to keyboarding. My pet dinosaur attended the elopement.) * Ex spouse, technically. I actually moved from Word Press to BlogSpot a few years ago. I like it a lot better. It is very user friendly for non-tech people and you can add authors, who have fewer permissions than admins. You can use a third party domain to make it a .com. You can edit the HTML if you don't like their themes. A non coder can also do quite a lot to change the look, layout and functionality. Google now handles backend updates and security for me. It is vastly less of a headache for me than Word Press was. Full disclosure: I am not a programmer and I am not actually qualified to assert that BlogSpot is more secure. I just like it as a platform and I don't understand why it has such a terrible reputation as something you should not take seriously. The judgement of the parents may have been part of why he felt compelled to leave town and get thoroughly wasted. Perhaps had they not been there, he would have been facing a very different mental and emotional landscape entirely and made other choices. You cannot change one element of an equation without impacting all parts. Thinking you can is a common logical error. I think that completely discounts the negative long term impact on his life, which seems particularly egregious in a discussion where I am being criticized as if my remarks are an act of callous disregard for the welfare of the common person. You don't care that he flushed his own life down the toilet, just as long as sex workers and cocaine dealers invested it well after they cleaned him out. And then you criticize me for "moralizing." I keep hypothesizing that using a website or software to somehow promote pedestrianism would be helpful. You don't even need to promote it as fighting climate change per se. You could promote it as how to save money on gas while improving your personal fitness. There are probably other creative approaches. But I would try to think about what's their motivation. What is in it for them. Moralizing tends to not have the best track record for promoting the changes we would like to see. It tends to just force "bad behavior" underground, which can lead to worse things. So, his inability to buy a house for himself and the fact that he continued to live with parents for many years has no bearing on our discussion of the economy and the creation of wealth? I don't want to give a lot more details about this person's life. It is a real person and giving too many details amounts to gossiping about them. But I think you are in error. The impact it had on this person's life has other impacts. I don't know why you think this is some appeal to emotion. It isn't. A person who cannot get their life together because of one youthful indiscretion has long term consequences that impact the wider economy. This is likely part of why such stories are emotionally compelling : Because it actually matters. I am not generally not talk about morality in the sense that other people do. I am not too happy to have the concept of morality injected into the discussion in such a way that it slings mud all over me at every step of the way. I am not talking about morality. I am talking about what makes for a healthy system that serves both the commoner and the rich person well. Our current approach doesn't do that. One of the reasons it does not do that is because I have seen a number of statements by wealthy people to the effect that they live with a lot of fear due to their wealth plus the state of the world. I thin this fear is legitimate and I think it tells us that a system that makes the ultra rich richer by bleeding the common person is a fundamentally unhealthy system that serves no one well, not even the rich people soaking up the extra money and wondering if they will need to abscond to Australia in their jet should the crap hit the fan. I think this fear is part of why so many tech giants talk so much about things like creating basic income. They want to be able to stop living in fear that someone is going to want them dead because the world is going to hell for so very many people and this makes them a potential target. No, I can't. I have spent quite a lot of years trying to figure out how to do a pedestrian-themed blog. I finally have one that I think might "have legs." ;) It has two whole posts. I have probably gone through 10 or 12 different blog names, most of which never got any content whatsoever. I think trying to promote pedestrianism in the US is quite challenging. I have lived without a car for like a decade or so. The most common assumption people make is that I am clearly just pathetically poor. This happens to be true right now, but I also am a committed environmentalist type. My college major was in environmental studies. I gave up my car when I still had a corporate job. Only one person who ever gave me a ride home from the corporate job ever asked me why I gave up the car. Everyone else just made polite noises about what a trooper I was for dutifully walking to work in spite of the pathetic state of my obviously poverty stricken life. In the US, no car = pathetic poor person. So trying to sell people on the idea of choosing to go carless is a really tough thing. Thus, I would just start with trying to get them to drive less and maybe go from a two-car family to a one-car family. That's a much easier starting point. There was an website I saw the other day on HN: Transforming How We Collect and Visualize Information about Urban Accessibility (projectsidewalk.io) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15790713 I liked that. When things are done right, capitalism does not have to mean that. Employees can, for example, own stock in the company where they work. Some companies basically insist that employees do so and intentionally develop an employee-owned company culture. Of course, when workers and stockholders are entirely separate classes of people, then, basically, yes. But that is not an inevitable outcome, even though it seems to generally be the state of things currently. Had he gone off to live happily alone in the mountains as a Buddhist monk, he would've been similarly unproductive. I assume you would've found that more admirable Yeah, I am done with this. In spite of me stating that this is not about moralizing, you keep projecting moral nonsense onto me. The only thing I am talking about is this guy blew through a lot of money in a single weekend and this had long term negative repercussions for his entire life. He went back home to his parents and then never really cut the umbilical cord again. It interfered with his ability to live as he saw fit for many years afterwards and to this day. He threw away his one shot at ever getting to be an adult and live on his own terms. To be perfectly clear, if he had blown through all that money for cocaine and sex workers, come back revitalized, stood up to his parents and said "Yeah, I don't care about your opinions about my life" and sold his second car to make it possible to keep his independence, I might well feel that was money well spent. But that isn't how it went down. Instead, he tucked tail, moved back home and then never lived down what an untrustworthy "loser" he was in the eyes of a lot of people whose opinions mattered to him. Edit: Trying to stop using the F word like a substitute for very. Women tend to also have a lot more social baggage hung on them. It makes me wonder if the evacuation and trauma made it particularly difficult to figure out how to fit in socially in a new place. (I mean as just one element that may have contributed.) I meant no offense Thank you. Money can be spent in a manner that is harmful, that actually reduces value in the world. It can also be genuinely lost or destroyed. But I don't imagine you and I will ever bridge whatever communication gap is happening here. So, I don't plan to "throw more good money after bad" in terms of investing more of my time in what feels like an inane discussion. I am thinking of phenomenon like The Pink Collar Ghetto, The Second Shift and our latest, oft misused, buzz word "emotional labor." These are all well documented phenomenon that taking care of others at their own expense is a burden routinely placed on women in a way that does not get done to men. I am a woman. I was one of the top 3 students of my graduating high school class. I never got the serious career I wanted, nor the money that goes with such things. So I have read a lot of books and articles on women's issues over the years trying to sort out what on earth went wrong with my life and how can I fix it? But HN is overwhelmingly male. Trying to discuss such things here from a female perspective is quite challenging. The vast majority of replies will be openly hostile and dismissive. It is rare that anyone is genuinely curious why an educated woman who is the antithesis of a feminazi would think such a thing. Men here get incredibly defensive. Any whiff of the idea that "sexism" is a factor brings out the worst in comments. It is taken as an accusation that people are being intentionally and maliciously exclusionary. It makes it really hard to give a female point of view here at all, which tends to result in the gender based exclusion that people here seem to want to claim they aren't guilty of. There are studies that show that women internalise emotional traumata much deeper than men, thus have a higher risk of PTSD (Can't remember if this is linked to the on-average better memory of women). This in no way rebuts my thought. What if they are related? What if women internalize trauma more and suffer PTSD more in part because the entire social fabric of their life experience is fundamentally different from men? This has been my experience as a woman. I do something a man would do, it gets a completely different reaction, and not in a good way. Trying to make my own life work gets me seemingly perceived as some kind of evil feminist. Men who try to figure out how to make money are not viewed as some kind of political activist or troublemaker, threatening the status quo. I have gotten insane amounts of pushback for what I feel are completely innocuous behaviors. I have terrible eyesight, so I tend to sit up front in meetings or classes. This gets interpreted by other people as Type A personality extremely aggressive, ambitious behavior and prominent people will publicly comment on what an aberration it is. Their comments clearly come from a place of judging it to be disruptive, egomaniacal behavior. No one ever thinks "Well, maybe she can't see the presentation well enough from the back of the room." It is always framed in terms of me being an uppity woman who does not know my place in the world. My "place" clearly being back row seats. Which reminds me of the historical expectation that blacks in the US had to sit at the back of the bus and stand up and give their seat to a white person if there weren't enough seats for everyone. Thank you for the clarification. My point is that while we can make a value judgment on the kid's spending, we can't say with certainty what the broader economic effect is. There is about a metric fuckton (TM) of data that shows that when people are handed a big check that they didn't work for, it typically gets spent differently than it would have been had it required blood, sweat and tears to get the exact same amount of money. And the way in which it gets spent differently is typically consumptive, usually with little or no long term value and potentially a lot of long term harm. This is a thing we can know with a fair degree of certainty. It is part of why the NFL tries to provide some kind of financial literacy for its players. Most of them will have a very short career in professional football. Probably most of the ones who aren't there very long will never make that kind of money again. They are trying to make sure that if some guy only make a quarter of a million dollars one year of his life, it pays for something of long term benefit, like a house or some retirement savings. Don't give up, you're actually pretty close. This suggests you are the smart, knowledgeable person here to educate my less smart, less knowledgeable self. I was describing a communication gap due to differing mental frameworks for the issue. I was not suggesting one of us was "dumber" than the other. I moderated a smarty pants email list at one time. I am all too familiar with the tendency for smart people to think they are smarter than the person they are talking to. That attitude is not constructive and it is not something I care to keep engaging with. Around the country, many fast-growing metropolitan areas are facing a brutal shortage of affordable places to live, leading to gentrification, homelessness, even disease. Nice to see someone say that there is an actual connection between insane housing prices and homelessness. Most discussions of homelessness frame it as if it is merely a personal problem, like people on the street are merely junkies and losers and not in any way, shape or form victims of something gone bad wrong with the fabric of society. And most discussions of housing problems in the US don't really acknowledge that this issue is pertinent to the folks on the street. Of the first 67,000 mortgages insured by the G.I. Bill, fewer than 100 were taken out by non-whites. * It is a figure that makes me want to throw up, and I'm not even black. I feel like this country owes blacks (as a group) probably a few billion dollars in some sense. Barriers to home buying for African Americans constitutes actively preventing them from creating savings and financial security. Homeownership has historically provided half or more of the value of the nest egg for most ordinary (aka not rich) Americans. * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_Americans_and_the_G.I.... Only if you also hand built all the tools for building said hut and also also did not learn how to do any of that from instructions on websites or YouTube videos. ;) The Harvard University survey, which polled young adults between ages 18 and 29, found that 51 percent of respondents do not support capitalism. Just 42 percent said they support it. The results of the survey are difficult to interpret, pollsters noted. Capitalism can mean different things to different people, and the newest generation of voters is frustrated with the status quo, broadly speaking. If you do a survey and ask if people are pro abortion, most of them will say "no." If you do a survey and ask if they support a woman's rights to have control over her body and have reproductive choice -- aka "pro choice" -- most people will say "yes." Most folks think a woman should have access to abortion services should she need one. They also think it should be an absolute last resort for when things go wrong and should not be used too casually as a primary form of birth control. The reality is that most women would never use it that way. But birth control methods fail far more often than most people imagine, plus sometimes someone is assaulted. TLDR: How you ask the question can skew the answers and also people often mean very different things with the same word. Communication R hard. "The word 'capitalism' doesn't mean what it used to," said Zach Lustbader, a senior at Harvard involved in conducting the poll, which was published Monday. For those who grew up during the Cold War, capitalism meant freedom from the Soviet Union and other totalitarian regimes. For those who grew up more recently, capitalism has meant a financial crisis from which the global economy still hasn't completely recovered. "They're not rejecting the concept," Della Volpe said. "The way in which capitalism is practiced today, in the minds of young people — that's what they're rejecting." YC and other programs require you to move there to participate. If you move away after your program is over, the value of the contacts you made goes way down, to the point of approaching zero. This will cause a lot of people to stay. They know that leaving could kill their baby. Thank you. I had not heard of that. It tends to go poorly to try to fix such things with money per se. I saw a thing on TV years ago about someone rich whose will stated their estate should be spent on something like medical care for blacks. Nope, it didn't happen. A different show indicated someone gifted an island to the black slave descendents. It was being profiled because they would sell their land, blow the money on a car or whatever and ...it just did not give these folks access to real wealth and power. Kind of like the "Black Wall Street." Whites burned it down, then instituted new building codes to prevent them from rebuilding. The excuse was these were fire safety codes. The reality was it burned down because whites burned it down, not because the buildings were defective in some manner. But I wonder if perhaps smaller initiatives that aren't simply a case of throwing money at the problem might grow out of the growing realization that, no, seriously, they are poor because they were denied access to the means to not be poor, not due to ignorance, laziness, etc. My off the cuff thought is that someone should start a no money down mortgage program for descendents of people of color who were veterans of WW2. Maybe even our government. I was just kind of thinking out loud. I should probably look the thing up. I have zero familiarity with it. I only recently heard of the very low numbers I cited above and have been feeling like "Damn! Someone should do something to redress this!" And then you said your thing and my big feels and half baked idea came spilling out. It very much upsets me. My dad was career army and fought in WW2. I grew up in a nice house in the suburbs financed by the GI Bill. My dad was part Cherokee. Only about 1/16th, but there is an actor who is full blooded Iroquois who looks uncannily like my father in some photos. Dad was very white passing. But then about 70 percent of African American DNA is European. In the US, if you are 1/8th African, you are "black." It is very arbitrary. So, I find myself pretty incensed. It hits a nerve for me. Or maybe women, people of color and others would be more comfortable and a small subset of ultra wealthy folks would merely be rich. Slavery was outlawed. That was likely unimaginable at one time. Women eventually gained the right to vote. That was a long, hard battle too. Average education level of women in the era of Lincoln was elementary school age. Slaves were forbidden from being allowed to learn to read. I have read that in terms of relative wealth, our first president was the richest president we have had. So it seems to me that we have made progress on that at the societal level already. It doesn't have to happen, say, in the span of a year or two for me to think it worth espousing. I am an old woman who raised two special needs kids. I am okay with taking a longer view than the next 5 minutes, so to speak. I am a woman and was one of the top 3 students of my graduating high school class. I never got the two career couple lifestyle I grew up believing would happen. A friend of the family once asked me why the hell I failed to be a self made millionaire by age 30. The ugly history of people of color outlined in one of the links in this discussion has some things in common with the outcomes women have. But I don't really feel like arguing it. This is an overwhelmingly male forum. I increasingly feel it is pointless to try to give a female point of view here. It will be downvoted, dismissed and attacked. If The resist, I will be accused of behaving badly while the insults to me are treated like reasonable statements that I am simply overreacting to. So, suffice it say, I don't agree with you. If you were correct, then women should have economic parity with men. They don't. The exact details may vary a bit, but the feminization of poverty is a phrase in our lexicon for a reason. When people talk like it isn't real, I never know quite what to think of that. I have a really hard time accepting that people sincerely don't see something so obvious for which there is overwhelming evidence. Yet I also realize it is obvious to me because I happen to be female. There are lots of details about the Black experience that I am inadequately aware of. So that gives me pause when it comes to trying to assess why men say such things. But I feel pretty worn down and hopeless of late. How do they do it? Some people only need four to six hours sleep a night. Such people do a great deal more than folks who routinely sleep eight plus hours a night. Some people have streamlined their life to cut out a lot of time sinks that many people believe are simply not optional. They, too, get more done than average. Some people would die of boredom if they didn't have tons going on. Their many activities often feed on each other. Their blog posts grow out of other activities. As evidence go, the the wast majority of the homeless are men. http://sandiegohomelesssurvivalguide.blogspot.com/2017/07/ge... Another thing to feel good about: The way the end of the US Civil War went down was remarkably enlightened and created a new template for putting conflicts to rest which is likely partly responsible for the fact that WW2 has not (yet?) fostered a WW3. Historically, people who surrendered paid war reparations to the winning side and it was generally pretty ugly. This is part of why General Lee was very reluctant to surrender. It was considered to be a fate worse than death. But there were only three conditions of his surrender at Appomattox. One of them was that the North would come in and help them rebuild. This was an unprecedented break with human history. It is rare for a nation to only have a single civil war. Typically, the end of one plants the bitter seeds of the next. Rinse and repeat. It is remarkable the US has only seen one. The end of WW1 also planted the bitter seeds of WW2. When WW2 ended, the US went in to both Germany and Japan and helped them rebuild. The world also created a number of institutions aimed at preventing another global conflict. These are mostly financial organizations, like The World Bank. It was widely recognized that the global depression was a major root cause of WW2. Some world leaders vowed "Never again" and did what they could to make that vow a commitment the world could bank on. Edit: FWIW, I was born and raised in Georgia, though daddy was a Hoosier and mom is a German immigrant, so no one ever saw me as "Southern" until I moved to the West Coast. In some ways it was probably too "enlightened". I would call that not enlightened enough. Real progress is quite hard. A lot of discussions about ideals fail to recognize that there are pragmatic limits. Any mention of pragmatic limits is attacked as an excuse for continued bad behavior. As a current example, I am not for UBI. I don't think it really works in practical terms. It sounds like a nice ideal, but when you dig into the details, I think it simply doesn't work. It is really, really common for new initiatives to wind up falling far short of their stated goals. It would be nice if the North had done more for the freed slaves. But I don't think that failure really suggests that it would have been better if the handling of the end of the Civil War had sowed the seeds of the next American civil war. I can't say that I really believe that Black Americans would be better off if the country were locked in a vicious cycle of civil wars. I am finding myself deeply disturbed by the things I am learning here lately about the history of how Blacks have been treated. I am newly off the street and back in housing and I am seriously medically handicapped, so there is significant limits on what I, personally, can do about anything beyond just coping with my own survival. But perhaps my upset over these injustices will stay with me and perhaps that will lead to something constructive happening, at some point. I have a tendency to try to light one small candle rather than the curse the darkness. Although it seems to have so far failed to establish any kind of reputation of a sort where I can use it for purposes of being a resume or making money or having serious influence, I have a track record of making a difference. Though a tree falls and makes no sound, still, it falls. While the science is amazing, why go this route rather than having a surrogate mother? I've heard the price of a surrogate is $30-50K. That sounds rhetorical, but I'll bite anyway. Some women really long for the experience of childbirth. This may not be entirely psychological. Giving birth has significant impact on a woman's physiology. In addition to changing the shape of the hips and often other details like that, it leaves a woman a chimera for many years. Because her blood and the blood of the baby mix, she carries cells from the baby for many years afterwards. I have a genetic disorder. I have two biological sons. I was not diagnosed until they were about 12 and 14 years old, so I didn't (consciously) know about my condition at the time that I was making reproductive choices (though I did know I was always "sickly"). My first pregnancy significantly impacted how I eat. I removed a number of things from my diet to cope with my difficult pregnancy and many were never added back into my diet. I have reason to believe this did my health a lot of good. For example, it cured the chronic, sever vaginal yeast infections I had for more than two years prior that pregnancy. I never again had chronic, severe yeast infections. I have read up a bit on pregnancy-induced chimerism and talked a bit with people online about it and talked a fair amount with my sons. I have come to think that some women long for a baby because it can have a profound impact on a woman's body in ways we don't fully understand and perhaps sometimes that longing is rooted in some subconscious awareness that going through the process of carrying a child to term may alter their body in ways that are potentially for the best. This would be really hard to prove. We have no means to see what the biological outcome would be for the same woman with and without the pregnancy experience. But I am in remarkably good health for someone with my genetic disorder and I credit my two pregnancies with some portion of that fact. I’m sure in 2011 I thought this was a funny joke (look carefully, and you will notice the Ironic Capitalization) So, six years after the fact and probably taken out of context, her account was locked up. Have people never heard of sarcasm? You know, the practice of saying the exact opposite of what you really mean as a way to be funny or give emphasis? A thing that, BTW, takes special effort on the internet to effectively convey. The blogs claims that men choose to become homeless and women do not. That is victim blaming. No one choose to be at the bottom of the social ladder. I have no idea how you are getting that from the post at all. I also get really tired of being accused of victim blaming for trying to address complex subjects with a bit of nuance. It begins to feel to me like a cheap shot hurled by people who don't actually have a good rebuttal, so they figure mudslinging will suffice. The point is not that men choose homelessness and women do not. The point is that choices made at the bottom of the social ladder are made within a particular context and this context varies some in part based on gender. Men and women make different choices in part because they are faced with different choices. I happen to be the author of that piece. In addition to firsthand experience with homelessness, I had a college class on the subject many years before spending some time homeless. I didn't give you the link to imply that a blog post somehow is more authoritative than me commenting on HN. Since I wrote it, it is exactly like if I wrote a long comment here, only it has already been previously written and that has certain advantages, like saving me time and, hopefully, having fewer typos and being perhaps a little more thoughtful because I had time to think through what I wished to say. Your rebuttal about social networks strikes me as essentially a different way to make the same point. Poor men simply lack the option of staying with friends or family that so often keeps women from being literally on the street. Framing it as a rebuttal sounds intentionally and unnecessarily fighty. Well, the primary point of the piece is that I was a woman on the street and, in some sense, it was a choice for me because I had been offered a place to stay on more than one occasion. In some cases, it was pretty clear that I would be trading sex for a place to say. I turned down those offers. All people make choices, even very poor people who are faced with nothing but bad options. In such a situation, the best you can do is try to choose the lesser evil. But it is really disingenuous and dehumanizing to act like homeless people make no choices whatsoever. I am a former homemaker and full-time mom. Most self proclaimed feminists I have interacted with have been virulently hostile, disrespectful and contemptuous of me. They seem to not see full-time motherhood as a legitimate choice at all. It sometimes feels to me like they wish a man would take care of them, but they don't know how to make that work, so hating on me is de rigueur. It is one of the reasons I spend so much time on Hacker News. Most men are less aggravating for me to deal with. It is also part of why I do not self identify as a feminist. A primary thrust of the blog is to honor and foster agency for homeless Americans. In other words, to help them fight for their personal freedom, under the worst of circumstances, by making choices for themselves and resisting a system that wants to tell them they are too stupid and too poor to make choices because "beggars can't be choosers." Under the absolute worst circumstances, the right to choose is critical to one's ability to self advocate. It is a right routinely denied the poorest of the poor. It is a right I try to help preserve. Social safety nets frequently disrespect the right of the individual to choose. They frequently dictate limitations on what you can and cannot do. I tried to write about accessing support that does not impinge on your freedom. I am aware it "sounds wrong" to a lot of people. That is exactly why I felt I needed to write about it. There is some statistic showing that every dollar invested in our small children saves multiple dollars down the line for things like the prison system. Any feminism that cannot honor, respect and support the importance of full time parenting is an ideology I want no part of. To my mind, the only good feminism is one that insists that full time parenting should be an equally legitimate choice for either parent, not just the mother. Children are a resource that creates our future. It would be super nice if society stopped acting like investing in our children is a waste of resources while wondering why the world is going to hell. I homeschooled my 2xe sons. I served as Director of Community Life for the TAG Project for a time. This was support for my ability to homeschool my kids in a situation where no school, public or private, was qualified to adequately accommodate them at both ends of the spectrum at the same time, which was what they needed. My oldest has two conditions which can each lead to a neurotic relationship to food severe enough to require in patient intervention. He has a healthy relationship to food because of my approach to handling his issues. There are an awful lot of things that can go wrong in a child's life that can potentially lead to a need for enormous resources at state expense from medical to mental health to behavioral, which can go very differently if there is a sufficiently knowledgeable full time parent to handle it before it goes so very wrong. You are in error. More education is not wasted on raising kids. Your opinion sounds incredibly ignorant to me. https://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/15/science/a-pregnancy-souve... I have studied the problem and thought quite a lot about it. I think sexism will tend to persist because there are biological differences that have substantial impacts. The fact that women can get pregnant but men cannot has a huge raft load of implications that influence the attitudes and choices of both men and women. Women I have known who thought they could live their life like a man did fine until they had a baby, at which point their assumptions of independence and self determination had an unpleasant wake up call. There may be things society can do to mitigate that reality, but most discussions I see of gender equality make zero effort to mitigate it. Instead, most people seem oblivious to its existence. This does not bode well for the possibility of creating policies that genuinely help level the playing field. I believe there are inherent challenges in creating good policies in this area, so it likely won't happen by serendipity. The current result seems to be a growing divide between the quality of life for empowered women and disempowered women. That divide seems to be strongly influenced by reproductive choices in ways that are not obvious or straight forward. There are women here. Some of them actively hide or downplay their gender. My experience has been that even with being very open about my gender, I am sometimes misgendered by people assuming I am male. I know no means to put a stop to that and I feel that being too pushy about it would be counterproductive. This is a new handle, but my original handle has 25k karma and is still on the leaderboard. As far as I know, I am the only woman on the leaderboard. If so, out of 100 names showing on the leaderboard, only one is a woman. This is really low even in comparison to the 17 percent figure often cited for female CEOs. So, yeah, it is an overwhelmingly male forum, but I have been here over 8 years and I am fairly confident that the appearance of male domination is even worse than the reality. I see questions like yours from time to time, and the best I can tell you is that data over the years suggests that a) at least 2 to 3 percent of the active membership is female and b) this figure is probably a case of underreporting. There are probably more women here, it just doesn't look it. It seems to me to be getting better. It could be that it really is overwhelmingly male and that the women who do participate often downplay their gender, thereby making it look even more overwhelmingly male than it actually is, thus fostering the impression that it could be 100% male. It could also be that the lack of "social" elements, like avatars, makes it inherently hard to signal such details or ferret them out if you are curious about it. (That is not a criticism. It is an observation. I like the way profiles are handled here.) Well, yes, a high school drop-out single mom may be able to do a fine job of homeschooling. Or may not. And that will depend on a lot of factors beyond their formal education. I am not comfortable with the suggestion here that a parent needs advanced education to successfully homeschool. There are support systems for homeschoolers. I was involved with that at one time. If you homeschool gifted kids, even if you have a lot of formal education, you can find yourself really challenged. You can find yourself dealing with a child who knows more about a subject than you do, even though you have had college classes in the subject. One way to handle that is to become a resource person for the child. Instead of instructing them, you participate on email lists and what not, learn what books and other materials have a good reputation and make sure the child has access to such materials. There is no reason a high school drop-out cannot take a similar approach. A bigger problem in my mind is that when women go to college and have difficulty with a subject, they are often actively steered towards early childhood education. One outcome of this fact is that a high percentage of elementary school teachers are not only bad at math, they are math phobic. They pass this math phobia on to impressionable young children and may not be really qualified to teach math. My oldest son likely has dyscalculia. By the time I pulled him out of school, he feared and loathed math. When he asked questions in school, his teachers often read him the explanation in the book. He read well above grade level. If the book explanation were going to help, he didn't need the teacher for that. It never helped him. Fortunately, I had more college level math by the time I graduated high school than most people with non STEM bachelor's degrees have. I also have a background tutoring it and I can find novel ways to explain it. I was eventually able to get my son over his fear of math and give him a solid grounding in the subject. When men struggle with subjects like math in college, they are not encouraged to give up and "go do something easier, like teach small kids." My ex is not good at math. I tutored him when he took college math classes. No one suggested he give up. They expected him to man up and do what it took to meet the standard to complete his goals. This is very much a gendered difference in student outcomes and it has all kinds of negative consequences for not only both genders -- because men don't get support for making other choices if they genuinely can't do something -- but for the entire fabric of society. I mostly think nature designed sex to feel good as a way of tricking people into getting pregnant. Most pregnancies are not planned. Two people were just trying to have a good time. You have to actively work at not getting pregnant if you want a sex life, but don't want children. The question of longing for a baby is mostly a first world problem. In most parts of the world, they still have more traditional issues, like shot gun weddings for out-of-wedlock pregnancies. It is sort of like saying "we crave oxygen." You only are aware of that in its absence. Otherwise, you breathe because that's what you do, not because you sit around writing odes to the wonderfulness of oxygen, oh, how I long for thee. This is part of why people are weirded out. The default state is that women are trying like hell to not get pregnant most of the time. Then you have some weird edge case where they can't just get pregnant, you discover this matters enough to them to be willing to go to rather drastic lengths to achieve it and it flies in the face of our expectations. Well, unfortunately, I think that is sometimes due in part to people in authoritative positions having no respect for their "lessers," whether that is children, women, people of color, poor people, underlings at work or some other category. So a lot of things that get framed as "instruction" or "education" is really about enforcing an unhealthy pecking order that is actively harmful to whomever is framed as "lesser." There are no easy solutions for that situation. But I think it starts with having a high degree of respect for individuals and their right to choose, even under circumstances where it is challenging to feel real respect for them. Or, perhaps, especially at such times. :-) One parent went and surveyed what their child did all day in school. They concluded that most of the school day was spent changing classes, queing up, calling roll, etc. They estimated that only one to two hours a day was spent actually learning. California laws allow for tutors as a valid education option. They specify 3 hours a day, not 8. One-on-one teaching is much more intense, relevant and information dense than a one-to-many teaching situation. Most teaching in school relies heavily on the kids reading the material provided. A homeschool parent can similarly provide good materials. Learning comes more naturally than teaching. ;) Anyway, it isn't intended to try to convince you to homeschool. It is only intended to say that lots of parents have felt the same way and then found it was more do-able than they expected. I tried to enroll my son in college when he was 13 to get him out of my hair. His knowledge of some subjects has long been over my head. That did not work out and I had to woman up and figure out how to keep being a resource for him. So I am no stranger to feeling like "This is something I am not qualified for." But a parent with a sincere interest in supporting their child's education can be an excellent resource, even when they can offer no further instruction. I find your phrasing unclear, so I don't really understand what you are asking. They started elsewhere, then moved to Silicon Valley because that is where the action is. They likely would not be where they are today had they not done that. Now that they are here, they have the same issue: moving would likely come at a very high cost and might well turn the company into a has been. Major changes to a company are always a risk. Even the founders may not fully understand all the pieces that make it a success, so trying to change the formula can kill the company. Presumably, the people running YC have no reason to move it elsewhere and lots of reasons to stay. Yes, their existence contributes to the housing issues there, but that isn't really a good reason to move the company. If they are concerned about it, there are other ways they can try to address it without risking killing their own company in the process. Okay, I love the idea. I see some typos and awkward phrasing that sounds like "Engrish" to me. It desperately needs a "start here" section and a better means to convey to people what this is about. I have long wanted to do something in clothing, but I am very aware that bespoke clothing is simply out of reach, price-wise, for most people. My mother sews beautifully and trained with a tailor briefly in her teens. She sewed a lot of my clothes when I was growing up and I routinely stood for fittings. She also sewed a lot of clothes for my kids when they were little. I lived far away and took measurements periodically. In addition to knowing how to take measurements, I am handy with a seam ripper. But the kind of skill my mother has is beyond me. So my long standing fantasy has been to do a line of mass customization clothing. My thought is this would potentially be a means to leverage technology to provide semi custom clothes at a fraction of the bespoke price. I would love to see what this organization can do to lower the barriers between me and this daydream of mine. Because it has always seemed to be an aspiration completely out of reach for me. But I only have some vague idea of what they do thanks to one of the comments * here, not because of the information on the landing page of their site. * https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15846271 It is not transphobic. I find the position of a lot of trans people to be deeply harmful to the rights of cishet women. Claiming my statement is transphobic amounts to gratuitous mudslinging while simultaneously dismissing the very real challenges faced by cishet women. I don't mind if you live your life and get your needs met, but I quite resent the way cishet women are getting crapped all over in the process. So, no, I will not reconsider my assertion. To the best of my knowledge, it is completely 100% accurate for biological sex. I see no reason why it should be denied to serve the political agenda of a small subset of people when denying it actively harms people like me when people like me are a much larger percentage of the population. And all of this erases the very real issues I face as a cishet woman. Being lectured that I need to educate myself on the needs and issues of trans individuals and make tremendous effort to serve their political goals while my needs are trampled under foot and my name is publicly dragged through the mud is no means whatsover to win me over. When trans people can figure out how to speak to their issues without silencing cishet women trying to speak to their own, I will be happy to ally with them. But my experience so far has been that my interactions with people who identify as trans or nonbinary have been completely poisonous. I am fine with supporting their desire to live as they choose. But I am really fed up with their agenda actively harming me and other cishet women. Trans individuals get vastly more friendly, sympathetic support on HN than cishet women do. The idea that I have some obligation to invest more of my time and energy in benefitting them when they have done nothing but actively harm me is deeply offensive to me. You have never once spoken to me like you genuinely respect me. Not once. You are on the leaderboard. You routinely talk to me like I am an idiot. Nitpicking the things I say here while never interacting with me as if I have anything of value to bring to the table is actively harmful to my public reputation and seems to be par for the course for how women are treated here. The issues of trans people are different than those of cishet individuals. But trans people act like saying that is somehow othering of them -- unless they are saying it to further their political agenda. There is zero reason anyone should feel compelled to come in here and piss on me for trying to make the point that I believe sexism will also persist. That it is not fundamentally different from racism in that regard. Male to female transexuals face different problems from cishet women. They seem to have a much easier time fitting in on HN than I have had. And as best I can tell it is in part because powerful men can help a transexual and in the process signal that they aren't up to funny business, that it isn't rooted in sexual desire. But an awful lot of powerful men will do not a damn thing for me and I am quite confident that part if the reason is because they fear potential scandal. They fear people will talk because I am a woman. I was quite open on HN about being homeless and having a genetic disorder. No one here feels compelled to do shit all for me to help me resolve my issues. My sob story has completely failed to cause people to take seriously my request for help to figure out how to make money online. I in no way believe your question to be sincere interest in my problems as a cishet woman. Every interaction I have ever had with you suggests to me it is merely a politically correct means to be completely dismissive and contemptuous. So I am going to leave a couple of links here and then, most likely, not engage further. Because the situation here where there is only one woman on the leaderboard of HN and she can get no real support of a sort that will help resolve her financial problems and everyone is completely comfortable with literally watching her starve while standing idly by and then I have to put up with crap like this on top of it -- there just is no polite, politically correct means to reply to that. It is galling and I can't believe people subject me to this and then act like I am somehow the one in the wrong. http://michelerebooted.blogspot.com/2017/11/the-art-of-nonch... http://michelerebooted.blogspot.com/2017/11/genevieve-traylo... So consider me completely and totally unimpressed with your posturing. You could have kicked a smidgeon of support my way a long time ago instead of being one of the people here actively making my participation on HN more challenging and unwelcoming. Your consistent choice to be a thorn in my side makes your good guy act ring hollow to my ears. That's a good way to be fired later. That doesn't help me. Are you asking what mechanism is causing improvement? Are you asking why it would be a good thing to have more women here? Or something else? Because the rest of your paragraph seems to suggest it is fundamentally not a good thing and possibly actively harmful to either HN or YC or both, which makes it really challenging for me to try to engage you at all because it feels openly hostile to my very participation. but to the extent that my posts have made you feel unwelcome, to the extent I have been a thorn in your side during the troubles you have experienced, I regret that. You voice regret while doing nothing different. Please stop bothering me. I consider it to be actively malicious behavior at this point. If you genuinely regret it, than at least leave me alone henceforth as the least worst thing you can personally do for me. You assume women don't want to be here. I see it otherwise. Women want to be here, but the climate is not very welcoming of them. So I'm asking why should HN actively change itself to be more engaging to women? And how? HN isn't required to do anything at all. It looks to me like both YC and the moderating staff of HN would like to foster diversity. That is their choice. I try to respect that fact. I have worked hard at trying to fit in because I want to be here. I know a lot about social phenomenon. If one woman can figure it out, this will tend to open doors for others. That is simple reality and has nothing to do with me trying to change HN. In fact, to the degree that new women so often take it for granted that they are welcome here, have no idea how hard I have worked to fit in and how that makes it easier for them and then quite often are personally ugly to me, I often regret any role I have played in opening doors for other women here. It seems to be of zero benefit to me and to very often bite me in the butt. Your hostility in this most recent comment seems to be much more blatant and not a matter of misunderstanding. So, if you will excuse me, I don't plan to engage you further. Donate them to charity. Explain to the kids it is relative's fault for not also gifting you enough money to afford a mansion for housing ten jillion toys, but there just isn't space for everything. I also like the suggestion here to take them apart and use it as a learning experience, knowing that they probably won't get put back together in working order. It helps that they genuinely outgrow many of their toys during the early years. I was a military wife. I used routine military moves as a good excuse to cut back on the toys and other aspects of North American Affluenza. "We have a weight limit. We can only move so much. The new place will be smaller. etc" any non-devs here work remote? I work remotely, but it is with an online writing service, plus as a blogger who gets a smidgeon of Patreon money and as someone who does resume work and advertises it myself. I don't have a remote "job" per se. I worked for a time at Aflac. While I was there, they were trying out remote positions within the claims department (where I worked). I am also trying to create a support system for digital workers, including but not limited to remote workers. This is the current page of remote job boards and what limited stuff I have for that area: http://independentdigitalworkers.blogspot.com/p/remote.html If you give it to Goodwill, they will sell it. You aren't forcing it on another child. Different people have different values. If that idea offends you, I will say again: I also really like the idea of taking them apart, knowing they are unlikely to get put back together in working order. So if the idea of donating them doesn't work for you, go with that. Or come up with some other solution. My comment in a forum in no way impels you to do as I said. It's very well written, but feels a little like it doesn't quite make the point it set out to make. It's a good read from the perspective of a richness of language and insight into a lifestyle many here will not have familiarity with. But, I don't know, when I was homeless, a hotel stay was a brief foray back into civilization. It was a chance to get a proper shower in a proper bathroom facility, unlike the homeless showers back in downtown San Diego that I was all too happy to leave behind. It was a chance to watch a TV like normal people do. It sits a bit uncomfortably with me that the meaning (of hotel stays) for those living precariously is cast in such negative terms. Perhaps that seems necessary to motivate people to try to do something about the problem, but I am not so sure that works. The pity with which other people clearly saw me when I was on the street rarely motivated anyone to help me, though I was only asking for help with figuring out how to effectively make money online. The pity itself seemed to be a barrier to the connections and useful information I desired. The pity seemed rather corrosive to my finances and not some means to channel assistance my way. While I can understand the strong feelings people have about how galling our high rates of homelessness are, I am not so convinced that this framing is particularly helpful to some cause of trying to make headway against such things. You decide what you want to do and you set goals. Look to the future, not the past. My initial request for clarification was in no way hostile, nor a criticism of you. I am sorry you are so very angry, but I see no reason why I should be the target of your anger. Also, there is no requirement here to be in tech. There are men on the leaderboard in other professions. There are plenty of respected members here who are teachers, doctors or lawyers. The suggestion that a woman or black person needs to be "tech savvy" is just another means to exclude them. Since you are black, it really isn't in your best interest to suggest that people who are not white males need to pass additional tests to be here. And if you think flamewars will degrade the site, then look to the man in the mirror. Your anger is part of the problem. I do all in my power to be the antithesis of an angry woman just here to start fights. I imagine my commitment to trying to engage in good faith in spite of it being an uphill battle to do so is a key element of how I became the first woman on the leaderboard. Good read. I cut about 10k emails from my longstanding primary email address. This got me down around 90k emails. I am still trying to unsubscribe from stuff, keep up with deletions, yadda. It seems completely hopeless. I find myself moving to a different email address. Deleting around 9.5k emails there got me down below 500 emails. It is making it increasingly difficult to bother to log back into my old address. So this article is kind of timely for me. I slept in a usually 7x7 tent for 5.7 years with my two adult special needs sons. I am not asserting that their quiet desperation is invalid. But please don't dismiss my experience as invalid. I do a lot of writing on things like homelessness and housing issues. I wish tech giants would abandon their advocacy of UBI and replace it with trying to solve affordable housing for this country. But I cannot begin to tell you what a kick in the stomach it feels like for you to try to "educate" me on the issue of homelessness here, like I have no clue whereof I speak. The post below yours got flagged into oblivion, but I think it raises an important issue. My impression was that it showed up dead. I vouched for it, to no avail. Assuming you mean this one: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15848548 If it is mere contribution to the discussion, it is quite badly handled. If they did not intend to rebut me, they could have posted it as a top level comment instead of as a reply. If they wished to engage me without coming across as dismissive, the framing of it needs a lot of work. Your comment also comes across as subtly dismissive and accusatory due to what you choose to comment on here. If you only wish to engage in discussion, why feel the need to criticize my reply? Why not say something constructive in response to my top level comment above? Women, people of color, the poor and other disenfranchised groups face this sort of thing a great deal. It is rather maddening as it puts people in a no win situation. Such groups get no respect. When they complain of it, it is yet another thing to criticise them for. It would be nice if the world stopped such insidious patterns. No offense, but your comment merely continues the insidious pattern I wish would end. Edit: If you are assuming I am new here because of the green handle, you are in error. And yet the pile on of criticism continues while I get downvoted for calmly replying. I was asked a question. I answered. That has been downvoted and more and more people pile on to explain to me the error of my ways for answering the question in good faith, yet no one seems to see how that pattern is inherently dismissive of me. There are a number of problems with UBI. The largest issue is that tech giants say they want to create a UBI because many jobs are going away permanently. These jobs pay like $20k to $50k annually. Proposed UBI is usually $10k. The most generous figure I have seen (from Sam Altman) is $18k. Then the rest of the article talks in glowing terms about how lovely it will be for underpaid workers to have this extra money. These articles never actually explore what life would be like if your $50k job disappears, you are doomed to only get $10k UBI and have no hope of getting another job. Another issue is that we have a serious, long standing shortage of affordable housing. We tore down about 80% of SROs in a couple of decades and never replaced them. Average size of new housing has more than doubled since the 1950s. If you do nothing to address the issue of affordable housing, then UBI solves nothing. My fear is that tech giants focusing on UBI means that restructuring work to better distribute it, addressing the need to fix health care and affordable housing will all get ignored because UBI is supposed to be some panacea. But it's not. It is basically rich people imagining they can solve this by cutting a check. They can't. That doesn't work. If there simply isn't affordable, basic housing, UBI won't get you off the street. It would have made an excellent top level comment, with much less room for misinterpretation. Thank you for clarifying. I was not here from the start, so I don't really know what formed the culture here. But very off the cuff: As best I can tell, it started as a bunch of men in a male dominated culture at a time when it was mostly men posting online. It is a public forum. Women online seem to gravitate to more walled garden type environments. Women online often post anonymously. This forum has a professional emphasis and even men who post under a handle instead of under their name are often pretty open about their actual name. A lot of men at the top of the leaderboard are people whom you can find articles about or a page on their employer's site or something like that. So there is third party corroboration of their identity. This is something women seem to be less likely to have in the first place, and it was worse some years ago when this forum was getting formed. Each of those norms are norms women have trouble meeting. The more individual things you add that are hard for women to meet, the more excluded women are. It's a little like saying "You don't have to be male, you just have to be over 6 feet tall, able to bench press X amount of weight and have a beard." Even if they decide that having a beard is some arbitrary sexist requirement that they are willing to drop, you still will find very few women who can meet the standards required to participate. (Disclaimer: I have barely slept and posting here at all is probably a bad idea on so little sleep.) It seems to have mostly been a bunch of programmers from the start and it was just mostly men. That has implications for group norms. Groups that are entirely male do things differently than mixed gender groups. This is typical of, for example, military culture and fraternities. It has been studied and documented. Ugh. Thanks. I came here to say this. From what I gather, actuaries make big money and have significant power at insurance companies. (I was merely a gumby processing claims and needed special training to do my entry level job.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Actuarial_science If you want to see a solid critique of practical challenges facing UBI that most proponents do not really address, I highly recommend this piece: https://medium.com/@simon.sarris/after-universal-basic-incom... TLDR: "Hell is other people." I wish I had more to add. I don't. No one in my family is quadriplegic, but we all three have special needs . Special is the new retard. As the author so eloquently describes, so many people see that and only that and erase everything else about you. First thing I found with a search: http://www.ramps.org/free-ramps.htm Perhaps it can help you get hooked up with a local organization. The Hope Police are typically fragile people. My favorite philosophical take on perspective and attitude is found in Jake Long American Dragon: http://disney.wikia.com/wiki/Sara_and_Kara I am doing everything I can think of Are you aware of the research linking diabetes and inflammation? So, educate me here. Was that just for kids deemed to have low IQs or for any kind of learning disability or special needs? I never heard of there being a card. I am taking you literally here, but maybe that is the wrong thing to do. Just off the top of my head, trying to be constructive here, I will suggest you add peanut oil to your list of foods to avoid. If you haven't yet, you might try getting some objective third party advice on your resume. I despise one page resumes. I want detail so I can figure out whether to bother with you or not. It makes me wonder what sorts of things you are hiring for. Your comments make me think maybe some jobs need more depth to convey qualifications. (I recently submitted a multipage job application and, in light of that, I am trying to decide how I feel about the comments here and also trying to make sense of them. Surely, there must be more to such preferences than personality of hiring managers.) Seems like a really bad name to me. "Hi, I'm a Drip! Won't you support my work!" I can't imagine doing that even at my drippiest 17 year old self. I wonder how big of an issue it will be for them. * I imagine they were thinking DRIP as in stock fund Dividend ReInvestment Program, but that doesn't really apply here. I could toss out a couple of other hypotheses, but, regardless of their reasoning, I just think the name is likely to be a liability. * Watch me change my mind in a few months, sign up for the service and have this comment come back to bite me. ;) Thank you. Read labels. It is frequently used in roasted nuts, which are otherwise a healthy thing to add to your diet. Chik-fil-a advertises that they use 100% peanut oil and I suspect Jack in the Box uses peanut oil. I don't eat at either one, not even to get salad. I wish the article had a clearer explanation of the mechanism of the condition. Most genetic disorders involve a missequenced protein. From what I gather, the defective protein is typically a thing the body intends to use as a tool at the cellular level, but now you have either a defective tool doing a lame job or a missing tool. Anecdotally, cystic fibrosis also predisposes people to bloat, usually concentrated in the belly. CF involves a defect in a cell channel that handles trafficking of certain molecules into and out of the cell. There are a variety of different defects in this channel, depending on the alleles involved. I have a diagnosis of atypical cystic fibrosis. I have chronic belly bloat. It used to be far worse and is also accompanied by fluid retention in the legs and lower body. Consuming hot peppers in combination with walking a great deal has helped to reduce my fluid retention. I read up on capsaicin, the active ingredient, and also spoke with a man with a PhD in chemistry about it. Capsaicin opens a different cell channel and flushes fluid from the cell. Lymph is circulated in part by the blood. It is basically the clear part of blood, minus blood cells. It is called interstitial fluid when it is out in the tissues. Muscle action causes it to be moved back to the blood system at much higher rates than the normal resting rate. So it seems to me that if you are "leaking" lymph that has high levels of protein in it, something has gone wrong with the mechanism involved in returning lymph to the blood vessels. The protein probably does not come from nutrients consumed. It probably comes from the muscle tissue. A diseased liver can cause damage to the portal vein. The liver filters the blood, removing toxic wastes. I imagine a disease that causes lymph to contain high levels of protein would put enormous stress on the liver. It would not be able to keep up with the filtering process. The lungs filled with fluid because the body treats lungs and gut as interchangeable systems to some degree. When you are at altitude, you cannot breathe out wastes fast enough, so your body dumps them via urination. The lungs and gut both interact with the body via the blood. I would really be interested in knowing if they have identified a particular cell channel or similar. To me, the explanation that this condition causes high pressure in the portal vein and this causes lymph backup makes no sense. It seems to me the high pressure in the portal vein would be a secondary or tertiary consequence of whatever mechanism is causing lymph to accumulate. /thinking out loud in public after midnight, no doubt a terrible mistake I can't manage to read the whole thing. It starts from an assumption of guilt and corruption. It is looking for support for an accusation. Such an agenda does not make for good science. Don't get me wrong. I would be very interested in finding real solutions for the tendency to see Blacks gunned down by the police. My assumption is this known trend is the driving force behind this piece. I just think this is the wrong way to approach the problem space. How to lie with statistics is an excellent book. I highly recommend it. It is a large factor in my decision to not bother to read this piece too thoroughly. I wonder if the J97 after the author's name in the footer refers to the gene. But googling gene J97 gets me nothing that immediately and obviously says "yea, verily." Odds are poor that merely naming the gene would clarify for me what the actual mechanism is. My mental model for CF is not in line with official dogma and most literature on it doesn't really talk in a detailed way about the malfunctioning CFTR channel, much less exactly how this malfunction leads to specific symptoms. So, I am not really surprised the article doesn't make those connections for a newly identified disorder with a very small number of people who have it. They know some of the general symptoms and pathology. They know it is genetic. They have identified the gene. There is quite a lot of work still to do to connect the gene to the pathology. Given that they plan to make sure the gene is not passed on, this step may never happen. There are at least tens of thousands of people with CF and it has been around a long time, yet they have done a poor job so far on connecting what the CFTR does at the cellular level to the broader pathology of CF at the system level in a logical and useful manner. Stop hiring racist police. One of the problems is that racism is insidious. People who self identify as idealists who are not racist will still agree with cultural norms that are secondary or tertiary forms of racism. To try to illustrate this idea: In my twenties, after months of hearing about my husband's new best friend from work, I finally met the man. He was black. My husband and I were both white. My husband had never once mentioned that his new best friend was black, even though he talked about him constantly. I was shocked to realize that I had assumed he was white since my husband did not mention his race. In that instant, I realized this assumption was the product of a racist culture where such details mattered and needed to be stated privately ahead of time to avoid any awkwardness or misunderstanding. I realized that was how racism worked -- you just have certain social norms that may seem innocuous, but that reinforce the ongoing issue. Many people will not consciously question myriad social norms. People soak up social norms by being exposed to them and trying to fit in. There usually isn't lots of overt instruction on how and why we do such things. So, first you need someone to sort this out in their own heart and mind. Second, they need to disseminate this new standard, often at enormous risk to themselves. Questioning social norms is generally dangerous business and has a history of getting people killed. Trying to find genuinely not racist people in a generally racist culture is very challenging. Most people from such a culture who see themselves as not racist will still have ugly bad habits and mental models. And then, when they need to decide whether to pull the trigger or not, their biases will show, not because they hate Blacks so much that they want them dead, but because they don't trust Blacks as much as Whites. I don't believe this is a problem that will really be solved by simply punishing people more a la The beatings shall continue until morale improves. Instead, we need to improve trust and I don't how that can happen. But it certainly won't happen with our current approach to the problem space, where trust issues between the races in America seem to not even be part of the discussion. My original comment was downvoted to the negatives and one of the first three replies is a personal attack. The US was founded on the idea of innocent until proven guilty , but the public is not willing to follow that precept for this issue. Witch hunts tend to result in finding people guilty because that is what they set out to do. It is a very serious and damning flaw in this paper, but my comment on that aspect is not PC and is reason enough to lump me in with killer cops as part of the problem. In such an atmosphere, good luck with even having a productive discussion. And if you can't even discuss it, you are unlikely to solve it. Thank you. Part of the reason why the US has such a low rate of female labor force participation is because it is the only country in the OECD that doesn’t provide income support during maternity or parental leave by law. A 2013 study by the Pew Research Center found that 27% of mothers said they had quit their job at some point for family reasons, compared with only 10% of men. The US is on a very short list of countries that have no national paid maternity leave: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/jul/... The actual assertion in the article is a simple matter of doing the math: If women entered and stayed in the workforce at the same rate as they did in Norway, the US economy would be $1.6 trillion larger than it is today, according to economists at S&P. I cannot fathom why this is even being questioned, but perhaps that is partly because I have read a lot on such subjects over the years. Yes, we know for a fact that you can create policies and practices that raise female participation in the work force. This was done very consciously and dramatically in WW2 to fill factories with women workers while the men went off to war. At that time, they frequently had on site daycare so moms could see their kids on their breaks. I sort of have firsthand experience with such an arrangement and it makes a huge difference to be able to see the kids every couple of hours and not just leave them for 8+ hours straight. The fact that we would be richer if more women worked is not some suggestion that we wouldn't be richer if more men also worked. You can argue that there are confounding factors making it unclear why fewer women work (percentage wise, compared to the past), which would rebut the clickbait title. But the actual content of the article seems pretty straightforward. A more nutshell version: Would HN be taking this paper seriously if it came from the opposite direction of bias and were written by a White Supremacist? No? Then why does anyone have a problem with me pointing out the obvious bias and agenda in the piece that is broadcast from the start? This isn't remotely news . Articles on this study have been posted to HN in recent months and overexcitabilities and the idea that certain disorders are "comorbidities" of high IQ was a common idea in gifted support groups, conferences et al twenty years ago. A stronger argument that there is a real link between the two is from a study showing the Ashkenazi Jews are about 2% of the population but about 10% of people awarded Nobel Prizes. This population has a high percentage of genetic disorders, a number of which are known to impact brain function. A rebuttal to the idea that this proves anything is that perhaps it is cultural. "Genius" is defined by thinking differently. Should we be surprised if that has negative consequences, like not fitting in socially? This is really old hat and adds nothing new whatsoever. If you are interested, there are plenty of existing resources to help you explore this topic. Achieving excellence has a personal cost. Imagine that. The other thing is that the first test that gave rise to the concept of IQ tests was not intended to measure intelligence. It was intended to measure school readiness for rural French children who often did not have birth certificates, so age could not be used as an indicator of school readiness. The problem was complicated by the fact that rural kids and city kids had different experiences that left the rural children less equipped to cope with the school environment. City kids were more likely to have already participated in preschool, among other things. So, there was a cultural divide. The idea that some people are simply innately smarter is something that is very much debatable. IQ tests are highly influenced by deep cultural knowledge that is typically available to cultural "insiders." In the US, this is typically upper class and upper middle whites. If an American takes a British or Canadian IQ test, they will tend to perform more poorly and show as having a lower IQ than on American tests, even though these are all English speaking countries. The effect gets worse if you are taking it in a second language. But it still exists even if it is merely a different culture, not a different language. I never applied to Mensa. A cousin of mine (that I barely knew) was in it. He encouraged me to apply on the theory that they had a small scholarship that would help me return to college. He felt my SAT scores would qualify me. I have seen some discussions on the internet that fit with your hypothesis that many people join Mensa to have their smarts validated. There are other ways to validate that, like getting additional college degrees. These other ways tend to result in real world achievement, like better jobs. CEOs and the like don't seem to spend a lot of time trying to get their smarts validated. They are too busy getting their business model validated. So, I tend to see Mensa the same way you do: It primarily appeals to people who need validation they are incapable of getting via other avenues, such as pursuing their Master's or PhD. Richard Feynman, one of the most respected geniuses of our era, tested as only having an IQ of 125. IQ tests are far from perfect, to say the least. This means our concept of IQ is likely inherently flawed. Feynman seemed to take glee in sharing his "low" IQ of only a 125. He was one of the smartest men on the planet in the last 100 years. Surely, we should defer to his opinion that the concept IQ is sort of a joke. ;) I usually cringe. FWIW, I have studied the space some. I was Director of Community Life for The TAG Project for a bit. http://tagfam.org/ The last time I had this argument in a big way with people telling me I had no clue what I was talking about, some forum I belonged to was having a heated argument because they had the habit of posting ridiculous tests, like "What kind of dog are you?", and someone had posted an online IQ test and things were getting pretty ugly (in part because a lot of people felt it was scoring them too low). I stated up front that it likely only went up to 140, then took the test to shut people up and scored a 140. I had training in test taking in my high school gifted classes, so I tend to do well on such tests. But, whatever. Mensa does not actually base membership exclusively on IQ tests, so your assertion doesn't accurately reflect the content of the study. There are other ways to get into Mensa, such as submitting your SAT scores. I was coached in gifted classes on how to take the SAT. Is it any wonder I did better than average? Should we not expect kids with training in test taking to perform better than those without, generally speaking? If we are going to discuss some correlation between supposed high IQ and various disorders, is it meaningless to talk about how one ascertains IQ and what on earth that even means? I think it is not terribly different from asking "What color is your aura?" but I am quite sure that if I went around asking that on HN (or, you know, posting articles about auras, chakras, etc), it would be flagged to death. Yet, IQ is equally invisible. You cannot look at someone and say "brown hair, 6 feet tall, IQ of 145." That just isn't a thing. The reality is that most IQ tests do not go all that high. It is quite challenging to get an accurate IQ score above a certain range. It requires not only the right assessment tools -- ie tests -- but a trained professional administering it. Gifted kids mess with test administrators all the time, sometimes intentionally so. (Plus, to get a super high score, you need to test the child by about age 7. After that age, we just cannot reliably assert that someone's IQ is, say, above 200.) If the test administered to Feynman only went to 130, as some do, then a test score anywhere close to that, such as 125, can be assumed to have "ceilinged the test." It can be viewed as a floor for the person's IQ, a minimum score suggesting it is at least that high. Thus, Stephen Hsu's assertion that it must have just been a bad test with a low ceiling suggests to me that Mr. Hsu knows a great deal less about IQ tests than I know, so I see no reason to defer to his opinion. Yet, also, IQ tests are strongly influenced by cultural knowledge, good scores in kids strongly correlate to kids coming from upper middle class families with well educated parents, etc. So I think there is quite a lot of room for saying that if you take any child and feed them excellently well, dote on them, invest a lot of parental and societal time, effort and other resources in them, they will tend to perform better than average, both on IQ tests and in life generally. I am not just screwing with people here. I have studied the space and I think there are serious problems with talking about IQ like it is concrete, unchangeable, primarily inherited with minimal influence from environmental inputs, etc. I have mostly managed to avoid working a normal job. Here are some things I have done: College. It let me continue to live with parents and not get a job. Military spouse and full time parent. It let me see the world, but when I got divorced, starting a career from scratch was challenging. Also, my quality of life went way up with getting a job and no longer being a homemakers. Homemaking isn't exactly a profession that gets a lot of respect or pays particularly well and the retirement plan tends to suck. I have been doing freelance work in recent years. I will recommend the book "How to survive without a salary" by Charles Long. If you can pay off all your debts, pay cash for a cheap house somewhere with low taxes, raise a garden, etc, you can get off the hamster wheel and do as you choose to a large degree. But it takes a lot of time to arrange and most folks don't actually want to make those sorts of sacrifices. This is part of why so many people buy lottery tickets. Wanting an answer with no down side is a popular desire. (No I am absolutely not being snarky. This is reality. Finding one's "dream job" and being jazzed to go to work every day is the exception, not the rule.) Auras have no repeatable way of being measured. IQ tests show something, even if labeling that intelligence is wrong. There are people who claim to see auras. How is this different from people trained in administering IQ tests? The average person is just taking the word of some test taker that it means thus and such. At some point, you simply have to trust the person telling you something. Even when people use machines -- and IQ tests are not measurable by machines like MRIs -- the person has to read the output. How do we know they weren't high on LSD that day? I mean, this is veering into territory of "Zhuang Zhou dreamed he was a butterfly," * but I am being sincere here. I intend to step away from this particular thread because I don't think people think I am posting in good faith, or being sincere. So there is probably no good that can come from trying to further engage in discussion of a matter that I have thought a lot about and think is a serious issue. * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zhuangzi_(book) TLDR: Stephen Hsu and I are coming from very different mental models. His mental model asserts that it is very, very important that we keep promoting this elitist intellectual stuff. Note how he has fancy degrees and is important enough to get interviewed, while I remain some big fat nobody, having walked away from my National Merit Scholarship and done the full time homemaker thing for a lot of years, in part because I could not stomach the toxic environment involved in being One Of The Smart Kids (that all the teachers trained everyone else to hate). I elaborated some on my mental model in this paragraph: Yet, also, IQ tests are strongly influenced by cultural knowledge, good scores in kids strongly correlate to kids coming from upper middle class families with well educated parents, etc. So I think there is quite a lot of room for saying that if you take any child and feed them excellently well, dote on them, invest a lot of parental and societal time, effort and other resources in them, they will tend to perform better than average, both on IQ tests and in life generally. Part of what I am arguing is that we make up a measurement that validates that our "best" people -- like well educated, well heeled white males -- are best because they have this innate quality called high IQ and then we channel the "smart kids" from "good homes" into classes that cause them to test well. The mental model that some kids are inherently more deserving of investment at school because they are smarter and do better than other kids winds up being self-fulfilling prophesy. Sort of like redlining of Black neighborhoods was self-fulfilling prophesy, causing Blacks to remain poor and their neighborhoods to remain not worth investing in by banks. So, hopefully that clarifies it for you because I already said I am stepping away from this discussion. Adieu. That feels to me a little like someone telling me "We both agree that this person is currently a slave, so let's not allow your heartfelt belief that slavery is immoral interfere with our use of this slave. Moving on." And I imagine I will regret saying that, but I can't see letting that stand and saying nothing. Just don't take it overly seriously and try more than one type of test. Do not let this dictate anything to you. If it gives you an epiphany, awesome. If not, no big. We all struggle to see ourselves accurately. Think of these tests like a mirror helping you get an idea of what you look like, while recognizing that you can never actually see your own face, merely reflections or images of it. I am medically handicapped and was also suicidal throughout high school. I had better test scores in high school than grades. I missed a lot of school and often failed to do homework. In most cases, past grades are a better predictor of future grades than test scores. But college was physically easier for me because I had more control over my schedule and was thus better able to accommodate my handicap. So my grades went up substantially, more in line with my high test scores. My health issues have long been a barrier to achievement. So this always gives me pause when trying to judge ability of other people. Maybe their poor performance says more about racism, sexism, an abusive childhood etc etc than it does about supposed innate ability. Maybe their good performance says more about getting social support, being born into the right family, etc than it says about innate ability. But I will note that the comment you replied to said nothing about IQ. I only spoke of a need for validation and that's it. I was quite careful to not suggest it had anything to do with intelligence or competence. I have spent quite a lot of my life failing to have a real career, failing to get taken seriously and failing to make much in the way of money. So there are ways in which I hunger for validation, yet Mensa does not appeal to me. I see it as mostly massaging one's ego and I would rather find actual solutions to my problems instead. Getting a serious career and adequate income etc will take my pain away. Validation from Mensa would be sort of like a painkiller, not a means to heal what ails my psyche. I am not interested in remaining a loser but getting adorned with some sort of phony crown implying that I am totes not a loser, really. Instead, I want to stop losing at life, even if no one else notices. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raven%27s_Progressive_Matric... Wikipedia says that people with autism and asperger's outperform other people on Raven's tests. Most people view ASD individuals as seriously cognitively impaired and they are often seen as low IQ, so I have trouble with your assertion. It suggests that people the world sees as highly impaired whose lives typically are harder than average are smarter than the rest of us. This completely flies in the face of every definition I have ever seen for IQ as a general predictor of competence. Wikipedia also says the answers for Raven's matrices have been leaked, making them useless as an assessment tool. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15888888 To be perfectly clear, I am not saying IQ scores are completely meaningless. I am saying they probably do not measure some sort of objective, DNA-based trait of "smarts". You cannot separate these scores from a very long list of environmental factors and I am very leery of the mental model we have that people who test well are some sort of innately superior beings rather than people who have benefited more than average from an accumulation of societal and parental investment of various sorts. I am very leery of the power of IQ tests to justify entrenching The Haves and Have Nots. Our mental models have scary amounts of power to shape outcomes and this mental model seems to justify classism as a kind of manifest destiny. One of the videos linked here in reply to me has some smart authority figure type asserting that university students all have IQs above average. That seems pretty well tautological to me. One would hope that those getting more schooling would do better on tests. But that fails to genuinely prove that what these tests measure is some fundamental personal trait unrelated to the fabric of your life experience. I was homeless for nearly six years. A lot of people wanted to see me as stupid and incompetent during that time. Those classist perceptions helped deny me opportunities which helped keep me poor which helped deny me opportunities. I can never seem to get that across to well off people that their tautologies simply entrench class based outcomes and really say nothing about personal competence. When we design a world that closes doors to people arbitrarily, we design a world that actively wastes human potential. This makes all of us the poorer. https://www.appliedbehavioranalysisedu.org/is-autism-associa... The very existence of autism calls into question our historical conceptualization of intelligence and IQ testing. I have two ASD sons. They are very bright. They also have some serious personal struggles. So, which is it? Does IQ measure general competence or does it measure something else? Because this latest twist in the conversation seems just ridiculous. "The king's stamp does not make the gold good." An organization declaring you to be one of the smart people may feel good, but it doesn't make it true. And it is generally more useful if the people stamping off on the idea that you are smart are issuing a degree in the process. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15889035 You are contradicting yourself. I wonder if Ms. Emily Wilson has ever spent time as a full-time wife and homemaker. It does not sound to me like she has. I have. I spent two decades at it. I often find the way modern working women portray the traditional female role completely dismissive and scathing, like it is all downside. I did not experience it as all down side. I spent a lot of years trying to comprehend how to play the feminine role in an empowered way, to stop seeing myself as simply a victim. The gist of what I came to understand can be summed up in the negotiating trope "The first person to name a number loses." Emotional labor is a hot buzz word currently that seems to be the fashionable new way to say that doing women's work makes you a chump, a victim. But I think it is more complicated than that. I don't like this trend that I see where modern women translate the stories of traditional women and are as derisive of the woman's role as men are, if not more so. The female slaves were executed, but so we're many men. This write up implies that the death of women has a unique horror to it that we need not feel over the more prosaic deaths of men. At the time The Odyssey was written, life was generally harder than it is now. This was true for both men and women, rich and poor. Death was pretty common. It was not inherently more wonderful to be an executed male than an executed female. Try doing some informational interviews of actual software developers in person. This is the single best way to get some concept of what the job entails short of actually just getting hired to do it. Also, keep in mind that every job is different. Maybe Ruby on Rails in a small shop is a disaster for you, but Python at a corporation is an excellent fit. I don't think the modern world does a very good job of helping people figure out how to find a good fit. Some people luck into it. Others just miserably muddle through. Others just fail entirely. Thank you. I am trying to do some things to bring down those barriers. I was able to start making some earned income online while homeless. My lack of nice clothes or a recent shower did not matter. I am trying to foster that model as a thing that can help protect against sliding into homelessness, help you scrape by while on the street and be something that can help build a future that won't be taken away because you got better. Plus, it is not a homeless service, is open to anyone interested. http://independentdigitalworkers.blogspot.com/ I was one of the top students of my graduating high school class. I got a lot of brainwashing that I was destined for greatness etc. It didn't go down that way. So I think these mental models are mostly propaganda and we need to guard against that. You need a cloud based means to communicate and also a cloud based means to start working on the project. There are various tools for doing that and you might go through a few before you find a good fit. For collaborating remotely, I use a lot of email, shared google docs, private blogspot blogs where I can invite other authors and even Twitter. Of course, Slack, Trello, Github and other tools are popular in the development community. If possible, use something familiar. Trying to learn a new tool can be a project in its own right. If it isn't critical to the success of the project, don't do it. It just becomes a means to procrastinate. If you have nothing, start with a design doc. If there are no roles assigned yet, take the initiative. Set up a file, start a Google group or a Slack channel, list goals and start hashing out who needs to do what. You need a central repository. It does not have to be fancy. As your project grows, layers of organization can be added as the need for such becomes clear. Just start. No more excuses. Expect the first attempt to be ugly, bad and stupid. Do it anyway. Best. Additionally, there are people who prefer "real sex" clips to scripted porn featuring professional porn stars. I don't have firsthand knowledge of online CS programs, but I have spent time pursuing an online BS (in Environmental Resource Management). So, this is some of what I know: Sacramento State, which I personally visited (in meatspace) while investigating online/distance learning Master's, has some excellent programs. I dug around and their site points to what is supposedly an entirely online CS program from a California university here: https://csumb.edu/scd/cs-online-degree-completion-bs A good resource for anyone interested in taking either online classes or getting a degree in California is California Virtual Campus: https://cvc.edu/ You can search the database for classes you need. I have taken classes from several California colleges in the process of trying to complete my online Bachelor's, some in person and some online. Penn State was the other thing I researched years ago that looked good to me, but I recall it being spendy. I am just going to point you to their home page and you can dig around and see if they have a program that interests you: https://www.worldcampus.psu.edu/ I was mostly looking for either GIS programs or Urban Planning programs to further my education after my bachelor's (or looking for classes to fill in the holes in my undergrad education, because I have an AA in Humanities and needed more science classes to complete the requirements of my BS). But my recollection is that Sacremento State and Penn State were two well established online and distance learning programs more than 10 years ago when this was not common. So I think they likely know what they are doing and are not fly-by-night deals. Put together a portfolio. Put it on a website explaining what your value position is, why people need you. List it in your HN profile. There is no real solution for that. Even the legal system flip-flops periodically. We have a Supreme Court as final arbiter of these judgement calls, but there is no means to completely escape the issue of human subjectivity influencing human judgement calls. 4. We stop relying on the cultural paradigms that foster this mess and it gets better, likely for reasons people will not understand and will not credit. Einstein said No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it. The odds are good that the current framing of the problem is part of the problem. I worked in insurance. My job was making judgement calls that could stand up in court. I worked for a very large insurance company. I am pretty confident that other large companies, like Google, operate rather similarly with regards to making sure they can defend their decisions in court, if necessary. Insurance is very highly regulated. It falls under federal rules for both financial industries and health, so it is subject to both Gramm-Leach-Bliley and HIPAA. And when the actuarials decide some benefit is costing the company too much, they send the policy to legal who reinterprets the language and then the entire claims department gets retrained on how to pay the benefit correctly and informed we have been doing it wrong for the past 20 years. So, ha ha yourself. They have an in-house legal department to justify whatever the heck they plan to do anyway. They just want all their ducks in a row from the start. The lawyers basically get paid to get the company's story straight ahead of time. It's quite mind-boggling that insurance is even legal as an industry. Other nations don't have our exact history and circumstances. I am not aware of another nation that historically used skin color to demarcate slaves from free.* The original pilgrims came here voluntarily because they could not fit in back in Europe, so comparing it to European norms isn't likely to ever work. If Americans could go along and get along with European norms, the country would have never been born. We are misfits and mavericks and we are coping with an ugly racial legacy that is quite challenging to fully resolve. And maybe part of the answer lies in the current calls for reparations to African Americans. Maybe that will both make Blacks less angry and Whites less likely to feel that Black anger is unjustified, thus ill behaved. Jane Jacobs wrote that eyes on the street is the key to safety. Fostering a safe and civilized climate means working on ideas like that. Confining these discussions to what should happen at the point where a cop has pulled a gun is pretty much guaranteed to fail to solve it. * http://www.slate.com/articles/life/the_history_of_american_s... Australia was a penal colony. They did not choose to go there. They were sent. American colonists chose the hardship of leaving their known world for a harsh and deadly new world, often on the idea that you could not make them deny their true religious beliefs merely to get along with the rest of society. Having some race based slaves is not the same as using race to clearly demarcate slave from free across a nation. We live with the legacy that Black Americans are descended from slaves, slaves who were forbidden from learning to read, so they imposed the grammar of their native tongues on English, resulting in a distinct speaking style that still tends to persist, culturally, even if it is not so in every individual case. The implications are both broad and deep and they mostly aren't nice. It is a terrible legacy that still leaves its mark on the Black American population in ways that are very frequently used to suggest that Blacks are simply morally defective and their lives would work if they would just behave themselves. I am not suggesting cultural determinism. I am suggesting that culture has roots in past events and that the origin story of the US and Australia are not identical. That they have some things in common, yet have not turned out identical, is not a good rebuttal to or dismissal of the idea that America's current situation has roots in a long, ugly past that we are struggling to live down. Or perhaps the world is not so black and white. Perhaps her experiences taught her things women often seem to not know. Perhaps she had various forms of support that are not obvious here. I homeschooled my sons. Lack of formal education prior to university is not evidence that one is not getting support. There are parents that actively quash the dreams of their kids and insist the kids pursue something the parent feels matters. They push their kids into pursuing a particular path. This is often seen by outsiders as a good thing, but it usually is not. It usually means the kid never got to decide for themselves what they wanted out of life and simply did as they were told. TLDR: Would anyone care to explain to me pros and cons of net neutrality and Pai's plan? Confession: I have never really understood what net neutrality was about. So I decided to look it up (again).[1] And also asked the internet what the FCC plans to do to repeal it.[2] I am interested in seeing actual thoughtful discussion of the issue instead of mudslinging, pretty please. I am open to hearing arguments from both sides. I just would like it served up without name calling and that sort of thing. You know: Like HN encourages routinely. Then maybe I can decide in some kind of semi informed way if I want to help break the internet or not. Thanks. 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Net_neutrality 2. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-switch/wp/2017/11/21... From my #2 link: "Under my proposal, the federal government will stop micromanaging the Internet,” Pai said A favorite pet theory of mine: "That government is best which governs least." Is it really so bad for the government to be more hands off? Discuss. (Preferably people more informed than I am will share their insights.) Thank you. That's very succinct and a good framing of the issue. Or whatshername who is famous for being famous and her infamous pic. That is definitely assuming too much when answering an explain it like I'm 5 type question. I'm not a contrarian. I'm a freelance writer who is less tech savvy than a lot of people here. I am not comfortable with taking action without understanding what I am supporting. I am also not comfortable sitting idly by on the excuse that I don't really understand it. It is a completely sincere question and I very much appreciate all good faith efforts to answer it, from either side. Then feel free to email the mods, explain my no-good-nick ways and ask for a remedy of some sort to whatever harm you believe me to have done rather than talking trash about me in public. There was plenty of flaming going on before I asked for nonflaming explanations of the issue. And it looks to have not dropped off the front page. So I don't see the harm you are imagining. Re your edits: There is nothing wrong with noting that noob questions get asked routinely about x subject and that it is problematic when large numbers of people jump on answering such questions. The problem with your comment is in injecting ugly characterizations of the asker and assuming I knew this would get a lot of replies. I didn't. I frequently ask or post things that are utterly ignored. Holding me responsible for the decisions other people made to reply en masse is ridiculous. Why not hold them responsible for choosing to be the umpteenth person who felt compelled to reply? Or maybe people are willing to go the extra mile to get a neutral party on board who might otherwise do nothing because I am not comfortable taking action on an issue I don't really understand. I don't see it being relitigated. Most stuff here seems pro net neutrality, but with good explanations instead of the political sniping I was seeing before I asked. I am not feigning ignorance. I have looked it up before and I don't feel I understand it well enough to jump on board any activism happening. If I am going to call my congressman or something, I want to do so because I think it matters, not because it is the trendy thing to do. People complain about non IT people being sheeple, but if you ask a question here in good faith hoping knowledgeable types will actually enlighten you, you get called a liar? I will add that anyone who ever wonders why women/blacks/whomever may not feel comfortable here, this * type comment would be one reason why. It presumes malice for asking an honest question and then talks trash about the asker. If you don't already know what "insiders"/the majority here know and think what they think, god help you for trying to find out. There are plenty of ways to comment on the concern of the discussion being derailed by noob questions that don't involve personal attacks, assumptions of malice aforethought, etc. * I mean the GP: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15910790 Medical and health are significantly harmed by most for-profit models. You pay your doctor and big pharma for treatment, not for a resolution of the problem. This is an inherent conflict of interest. I have a serious medical condition. I walked away from conventional treatment. I have thought a lot about how to share information about what works. Even sharing that info comes with huge challenges. I am still trying to solve that angle and may never figure it out. Figuring out monetization is even further out and looks pretty hopeless. Re: Homelessness. I have two profitable solotions for you: 1) Build affordable housing. 2) Create flexible earning opportunities that serve the types of people who are at high risk of homelessness. Ideally, make them accessible to both homeless and housed people. A lot of homeless people have some income, just not enough to finance a middle-class life. The US has largely eliminated affordable housing, which can be profitable but probably has low profit margins. In the US, the FDA tries to incentivize it: https://www.fda.gov/ForIndustry/DevelopingProductsforRareDis... The problem is this results in drugs that cost a fortune and still only helps a small percentage of sufferers, like the $300k drug for CF that only helps 5% of CF patients. http://www.cbc.ca/beta/news/canada/nova-scotia/cystic-fibros... Maybe we could do something crazy, like bring back SROs, instead of de facto as a society acting like we think it is better for people to sleep in a tent than have "sub standard" housing. Because tolerating rampant homelessness while turning our noses up at modest rentals basically amounts to the nation saying that is exactly what it thinks. Miner said she was skeptical of the proposed campaign to educate homeless people about fire risks. Yeah. A homeless person making a cooking fire is probably hungry and probably has no other viable option. Trying to "educate" the homeless about fire risks sounds like "Honey, we don't care if you starve. Just make sure you don't burn down any mansions. Kaythxbai." The vast majority of homeless do not want to be homeless. If we provide enough affordable housing -- at market conditions, with no more forms and the like than other rentals -- you will be left with a much smaller number of quirky hobo-by-choice types. Shrinking the problem is very worthwhile. Yes. But I am trying to make the distinction that most poverty relief programs are much more invasive and bureaucratic than most market based solutions. I am thinking of low cost rentals where they require you to live there and won't rent it to well off people looking for a weekend getaway that is cheaper than a motel. But other than that, I don't want a lot of extra requirements tacked on. I specified as clearly as I could. SROs are typically one room. They typically have a sink, refrigerator and closet and shared bathroom facilities and shared cooking facilities down the hall. Some are more like a hotel room, with their own private bathroom, but no kitchen. They typically allow hot plates and the like. We tore down up to 80% of them over the course of a couple decades. If it isn't designed to house a family of four, the US seems to think it should not exist. So, many of our youth end up living with roommates because they can't afford a family home on their own and there aren't more modest options available. Edit in response to your edit: You might find this article a good read elucidating the issue: https://www.citylab.com/equity/2013/07/it-time-bring-back-bo... Let's go with your theory and assume the worst. That still leaves 75% of them who would like a "normal" life and just can't manage to arrange it. I recently left California and moved to a less fashionable part of the country to get off the street. It cost me hundreds of dollars to travel to another state by train and I needed to pay deposit and first month's rent in a lump sum, essentially. I was able to do it because I developed portable (online) income while homeless. If you have to pay for the trip first and then job hunt while homeless and then save up the money to make the deposit while working while homeless...etc...this is a substantial obstacle to getting back into housing. Furthermore, most places do not have the dry weather of SoCal. A lot of homeless people go there specifically because camping in dry, temperate weather is less of a burden. Moving elsewhere while homeless means being out in rain and cold and snow. Then, once you are there in SoCal, it becomes a trap that is hard to escape because housing in California is not affordable. I have had a college class on Homelessness and Public Policy. I did an internship in a homeless shelter. Later, I spent time on the street myself, including six months in downtown San Diego attending homeless services. I consider myself to be more knowledgeable than average on the subject. You would need to provide a lot of data to substantiate this claim to have me take it seriously. I don't believe that is remotely realistic. To my mind, governing least means judiciously intervening when it actually requires it, but no more. If this is a situation where intervention makes sense, I am fine with that. I am just trying to comprehend if it is or not. There is some truth to this, but it is much, much more common to stick you in the back seat of a police car or sheriff's vehicle and drive you to the edge of their jurisdiction and drop you by the side of the road. In some cases, it is done nicely and helpfully because you are traveling on foot, it saves you a bunch of walking and you don't die in their jurisdiction. Other times, it is asshole behavior for pan handling (I never panhandled, I just know it happens). When I was in downtown San Diego, word on the street was that there was an organization that would help with travel to get back home. But when I have searched online, I haven't located such info. I have idly wondered if we could create an organization for donating travel points of various sorts to help homeless people get train tickets or other travel expenses covered. The protectionist tax policies in California are not helping the situation. The homeless are not some other population. They are people who currently lack housing. With enough affordable housing, some people would never land on the street to start with. They would move to an SRO temporarily, get their act together and return eventually to more conventional housing. I am not talking about a homeless service. I am talking about policies that shrink the problem in part by preventing homelessness to begin with. I will add not all homeless are completely penniless, and I have formally studied the subject. Preferring the streets to the shelter system is not the same as desiring homelessness. Most homeless shelters are pretty awful. They do not constitute humane treatment. I never stayed in one. I started the intake process at least once when a big snow storm was incoming. I never completed it. I asked for a shower and change of clothes, they gave it to me and then I my sons took the advice of a Native American man who had given us a ride and had talked about where to camp to stay warm in terms of local terrain. He was right. We were toasty warm all night and had to open the windows to not overheat. It was a shock anytime we got out the tent to pee in the snow. It was hard to believe the temperature difference. Yes, they succeeded. I did tweet a few things recommended on the break the internet article and I am debating what else I might do. I recently moved, so I have not yet registered to vote and I am not a phone person. I also recently started over on Twitter, FB and other things. I am not sure my efforts make any real difference. I also have only voted twice in my life. Politics is kind of a foreign land for me. But I do feel I understand it better and it does matter. Some of us come here for the pedantry. Your article is dated Summer 1992. That's over 25 years ago, so the cost comparison figures are significantly out of date. Here is an article from 2013: https://www.citylab.com/equity/2013/07/it-time-bring-back-bo... Historically, we had a tradition of having religious types also provide health care, a la the tribal medicine man who was both a spiritual leader and person who would treat medical stuff. Doctors under a for profit model are not remotely the only possible approach to this problem space. Some good for profit health models include gym memberships and green grocers. Eating right plays a very important role in health and welfare and you don't have to wait until you are sick to wonder if your diet could stand to be improved. It talks about renting a place in New York for $300/mo. When I google "cheapest New York apartment," the first hit is for 16 apartments under $1000. The cheapest seems to be $838. So, it might be more like x3 the "today" figures. /quick and dirty Thank you, all three of you. This little snippet has been such a delight, for so many reasons. About 10-15% of the US population is below the Federal poverty line in any given year, but only 2% are chronically poor. This is typically defined as below the Federal poverty line at least 5 years out of 10. My thinking is we need enough low cost housing for 2% of the population. This would help keep the chronically poor -- those with intractable personal problems -- off the street. I am currently thinking a lot about how to address the issue effectively. I am not for growing homeless services or similar programs. My latest project is aimed at making flexible earned income a viable option, for both homeless people and people with the kinds of barriers to employment that can lead to homelessness: http://independentdigitalworkers.blogspot.com It isn't charity. It is part of how I got myself off the street. Yes, single-room occupancy. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15911743 We are in a golden age of plenty where 99 percent of people are losing ground and 1 percent are getting richer. There is certainly a place for supportive services in resolving this, but my personal goal is to restore agency, autonomy and self sufficiency to low income people as much as possible. Given some of your other remarks here, I think it is not unjustified in assuming that you simply see poor people as folks who need to be stripped of rights and bossed around by someone else. This is not my idea if supportive services . I am very leery of people proposing so called supportive services that will actually just be some new means to deny people agency. Charity does not give anyone a middle class life. You get that by working for it. I have special needs and so do my sons. We aren't stupid, lazy or incompetent. We do need maneuvering room to do things as we see fit. That is the very first thing most programs strip you of. Then we wonder why people cannot get out if their mess. I don't expect everyone to be able to solve their problems if given the opportunity. But I do think we currently actively deny poor people opportunities to solve their own problems and then blame them for failing. I would like to see a reduction in the amount that society does to actively undermine poor people. Yes, California has a season I never had anyplace else I lived: Fire Season. I am completely happy to have left that behind. But the reality is that edge cases of this sort usually are not a good place to start basing policy off of. There is a saying along the lines of "Hard cases make bad laws." I am all for finding solutions to help get people off the street and help people in precarious situations to get the support they need so that they are less likely to wind up on the street to begin with. Reducing homelessness is a better goal for trying to reduce the odds of extremely bad things happening to begin with. That goal is mostly not furthered by policies that boil down to "The beatings shall continue until morale improves." I think your firsthand experience is coloring your interpretation of my remarks here such that we are simply not on the same page. I am currently in an SRO. It is not part of the shelter system. It is just low cost market based housing. There is no curfew. The rooms are adequately soundproofed that I am not kept awake by other people going to the bathroom in the night. When I am in my room, I mostly don't hear what other people are doing. When I walk to the bathroom, I can hear TVs and other things all night long. But it does not keep me up at night because I can't hear this stuff when I am in my room. I only hear it when I am out in the hallway. It has to be quiet from 10pm to 8am. Of course, there are other rules as well, but it is nothing at all like what you describe. I never spent time in the shelter system. It absolutely has serious problems, which is why I am advocating for other approaches to the issue. Sharing living space with strangers is always challenging. People in college dorms or who have roommates routinely complain about the problems involved or seek help on discussion boards for how to more effectively cope. But in most cases it is not the nightmarish scenario you describe. I know of a writing service that works well for handicapped people (or single parents, etc) to make money flexibly. The service profitable and working for them helped me get off the street and back into housing. They have no goal of "solving homelessness." They are just looking to be a successful writing service. People who sign up are 1099 contract workers. I am not the only homeless person who ever worked for them. I am currently in the process of trying to figure out how to foster more of this locally. I would like to help people with the kinds of barriers to employment who are at high risk of homelessness to figure out how to make money online. I am going to public meetings and talking with folks. So far, I have been well received. It has not been a discouraging experience. What I have to show so far from the little amount of time I have invested up to this point is a new website aimed at becoming a resource for Independent Digital Workers: http://independentdigitalworkers.blogspot.com/ The cheap rental I currently live in that got me off the street is market based housing. It is a for profit thing. It is not part of some homeless services program or other charity. My landlord is making money off getting me off the street. I have also applied for a job where I have proposed developing Independent Digital Workers further as part of that job. So I find myself sitting here wondering if there is any way to "take your bet." If I get the job and some local organization pays me to help reduce homelessness locally, would that count in your eyes as profiting from my solutions? Or would you find some new excuse to simply be dismissive? I suspect the answer is the latter. I am pretty appalled at hearing you say that some people don't have positive unit economics. Pronouncements like that tend to be self fulfilling prophecies. There are myriad ways to sabotage someone's efforts to make their life work and see to it that they are incapable of having positive unit economics. People with such attitudes in online forums were the bane of my existence while I was homeless. They not only would not give me useful answers to my questions about "How does one make money online?" they also were contemptuous, dismissive and actively did what they could to undermine my efforts to figure out how to make money online. I firmly believe that if I had gotten genuine support instead of this nonsense, it would have taken me less time to build my online income and I would be in better shape financially. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_room_occupancy I put the term sub standard in quotes for a reason. It is only sub standard by crazy American cultural standards. Most parts of the world would have no problem with such housing, as attested to by comments here about how common this is in Japan. But in the US, SROs have largely died out as a market based solution. Many of them today in the US are part of the shelter system, which creates substantial differences in reputation, quality, application and intake process etc. I used to weigh 245 pounds. I am a lot smaller these days. Most people on the street do not fall into the categories you list here. When I was homeless, my comments on the internet were full of typos and other problems. People dismissed me as a delusional lunatic. Etc. If anything, I am absolute proof of how wrong you are, yet you will not acknowledge it. My claim that there are solutions that can be both profitable and effective is not an assertion that we should abandon people with Down's Syndrome. I think the best I can say is that you and I are talking past each other. That still doesn't make it a positive experience for me to have my ideas so completely dismissed, but I don't really expect that engaging you further will go anywhere good. The fact that I would like to see market based solutions does not mean I want "cheap" housing that starts at $1000/mo. I would like to see enough housing at $400/mo or less to house 2 percent of the population. In any given year, between 10 and 15 percent of the population falls below the federal poverty line, but most do not stay there. Only 2 percent are chronically poor, which is typically defined as falling below the federal poverty line 5 years out of 10. The chronically poor have intractable problems that are not readily solved. To keep them off the street, we need very cheap housing. But I would prefer to see that housing made available with minimal restrictions. Achieving this would require policy changes and probably other things. I am aware this is not feasible in the current climate. But climates can change. The question I’m interested in: How do we unlock maximum human potential? Last I checked, welfare does the opposite of this. It helps people merely subsist, not strive for greatness. Then he goes on to compare YC to basic income. Seriously? They take a share in your company and help you develop it. That isn't money for nothing. If he weren't a millionaire and the current president of YC, would we keep seeing articles about his vision on the front page of HN? I don't think so. I don't believe his arguments are that cogent or compelling. I find it increasingly sad and frustrating to see yet another Sam Altman on UBI piece here. The mantra on HN is that ideas matter and that HN wants to deemphasize names and avoid promoting pieces being posted merely because they are about some celebrity. I think these articles fail that test. If you take Sam Altman out of this article, would we discuss it at all? If the answer to that is no, then why are we discussing it? Prior to Sam Altman re-envisioning YC as a form of UBI, Paul Graham talked a lot about the idea that the money they gave was insignificant. The real value was in connecting you with movers and shakers and educating you about business creation. Last I checked, UBI does not come with built in business education or introductions to movers and shakers. I was homeless for nearly six years and actively trying to make business connections on HN, largely to no avail. No one wanted to take me seriously. Unsurprisingly, my income grew extremely slowly. If I had a choice between UBI or connections, I would take connections in a heart beat. They are potentially worth millions. Rather than trying to turn the 99 percent into charity cases and sheeple, I would like to try to foster the next step in the evolution of work so that it is lighter and more flexible and so forth. This is a compendium of some of my previous writings on an alternative to UBI, which boils down to seeing this as the Second Industrial Revolution: http://micheleincalifornia.blogspot.com/p/ir2.html I am not looking to help people strive for greatness . That is Sam Altman's goal. But what I do try to do is preserve freedom and agency for the poorest of the poor. My first attempt to do that is here: http://sandiegohomelesssurvivalguide.blogspot.com/ My current project for trying to help the most vulnerable people around me take control of their lives is here: http://independentdigitalworkers.blogspot.com/ The idea of UBI is free money for life. Being given $12k or $20k in exchange for stock in your company is intended to let you focus on the business for a few months and thereby try to develop wealth to last a lifetime. It is very much time limited and tied to performance. If you promise everyone money for life, many people won't bother to create wealth. Wealth creation tends to involve rocking the boat. Have you heard of Duke Nukem Forever ? They had scads of money and spent years trying to make the next perfect thing and failing to release because it wasn't yet perfect. Then they would start over because they were taking so long that technology had changed and all their work was out of date. I think they finally released when they ran out of money. A lot of people will do absolutely nothing if they have money for life. People are neurotic, perfectionistic and on and on. We do an awful lot of stuff we don't really want to do because we need the money. We don't want to starve. If we guaranteed a minimum level of comfort, a great many people will do absolutely not a thing because doing stuff is scary and hard and what if we look like fools? and on an on. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15918718 Whereas today capital is considered to be mainly money No. While money is used simply to purchase goods and services for consumption, capital is more durable and is used to generate wealth through investment. Examples of capital include automobiles, patents, software and brand names. All of these items are inputs that can be used to create wealth. Besides being used in production, capital can be rented out for a monthly or annual fee to create wealth, or it can be sold when it is no longer required. https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/capital.asp Dan Gackle, moderator of HN: For the most part, we keep author names out of HN titles. It's a trick I learned from PG for keeping the focus on the content. ---- Name recognition seems to encourage reflexive upvoting, which is one reason we often take names out of titles. We've removed "Alan Kay" from this one. (Nothing personal—we're fans.) ---- But mostly we take the author's/presenter's name out of titles, in keeping with HN's emphasis on content over personalities. https://hn.algolia.com/?query=dang%20names%20titles&sort=byP... And yet here we are discussing an article with Sam Altman's name in the title, as is rather often the case on the topic of UBI, and you essentially arguing that this is a good thing. I have zero problem with HN being of financial benefit to YC. In fact, I have repeatedly said that I think this is exactly why it is able to sustain a standard of excellence. HN becoming the personal platform for the new YC president's political aspirations and personal pet social theories does not appear to me to be of any financial benefit to YC. I have reason to believe that homelessness is such a crisis in California in part because homeless people actively travel there for the weather. I did. I am not the only one. I suspect that relief in other parts of the country would provide some relief for California. I am aware that California in specific has serious challenges in this area. But I see the problem of homelessness in the US as a national problem that disproportionately impacts California. So I see improvements in other parts of the nation as benefitting California. I am in a small town in Southwest Coastal Washington. I don't think that is far-fetched. The gut contains about 70% of the cells of your immune system. I have a genetic disorder. Working on my gut health has gone a long way towards reversing my symptoms. I don't talk about it as much as I used to because it was a constant shit show from people being completely dismissive, outright calling me crazy and asserting utterly illogical things in the name of their "scientific" bias, like "Your 13+ years of steady forward health progress in the face of your degenerative condition is merely wild coincidence and doesn't prove that you know anything at all. Stranger things have happened!" Cuz, yeah. People who see themselves as scientific and logical are very often not remotely objective. They just have college degrees or whatever to justify their ugly personal prejudices, and don't confuse them with the facts. As you suggest the genes/piano is sort of the hand you are dealt (you have the gene for certain disease or not), but the microbiome is what will typically unlock those diseases or not given the gene set. The way I used to describe it was that your genes are like the blueprints for a house and what you eat is like local building materials. The blueprints may specify 2 bedrooms, one bathroom, but exactly how that will look will depend a lot on the vernacular architecture. Is it adobe brick because you live in the American Southwest? Is it made of blocks of ice because you are an Inuit? Etc. So, different building materials have different strengths and weaknesses. This will significantly impact things like ceiling height and room size because what shapes the material supports will vary, depending on the material. I'm sorry some people are reflexively downvoting. I hate it that so many people who imagine themselves to be scientific are so incredibly dismissive of stuff like this. So explain to me how 70% of the body's immune cells being in the gut is unrelated to how diseases are typically mediated. Pretty please. But isn’t it simplistic to equate all transphobic people with murderers who commit violence against trans people? When your life is on the line, it is generally wise to err on the side of caution. If you assume someone openly transphobic is a threat to your life and you are wrong, you are at worst being rude to them. If you assume they aren't a threat to you and are wrong, you may end up dead (or maimed or otherwise egregiously harmed). With those stakes on the table, the only logical thing to do is to vet people you can trust, not give assholes the benefit of the doubt that maybe they are merely assholes and won't violently assault and/or murder you. No, not really. Most people are not violent without good reason. But if you are gay, trans or in any group that gets targeted for violence by irrational people without any provocation beyond being a member of that group, you need to consider that open verbal hostility is a potential indicator of willingness to harm you in some way. How grounded is this in data? It is very grounded in data. I have had college classes on Intro to Psychology , Social Psychology and Negotiation and Conflict Management . I spent a lot of time in therapy and have done a lot of reading on social subjects and so forth. I was a military wife and history major and I have an AA in Humanities. The one urban planning conference I managed to attend, I went to all the social lectures rather than, say, design stuff. I probably can't readily produce the kind of data you would like to see and I am sure I don't want to bother. Your remarks make it pretty clear to me that it would be a waste of my time. There would be no convincing you of anything. I am leaving this remark here primarily for the benefit of other people, plus to give notice that if I don't reply further, it isn't some tacit acknowledgement that you are right. I just don't really want to play this game. That's all. I will add for clarity's sake that the phrase willing to harm you in some way was carefully chosen. It doesn't assert violent intent. People can do you enormous harm without being violent and it is shockingly common for people to be willing to do some kind of material harm, even if they are disinclined to be violent. Marginalized peoples very much need to be leery of that fact. Thank you for taking my question seriously. I don't agree, but I appreciate the expanded perspective. A good place to promote this would be with secular homeschoolers. Those homeschooling for nonreligious reasons are often dealing with a bright kid interested in advanced subjects. They often need lay explanations that make advanced subjects approachable without dumbing it down. A lot of stuff is intentionally overcomplicated. My oldest was furious when I finally explained to him that algebra is basically renaming the blank space in an equation as X so you can more easily move the blank space around. He had been doing algebra in his head for years to infer stats in games while simultaneously feeling baffled and intimidated by formal math, like the concept of algebra. He had assumed all variables were like E=mc^2 where letters stood for specific concepts, not for floating "=___". No, I am not unwilling to discuss this. I just sometimes hit my limit for putting up with being dismissed and treated with contempt on HN for being the wrong kind of nerd. As I already stated as clearly as I know how, violence is not required to do serious harm to a person. To try to elucidate: I have a life threatening medical condition and was also homeless for nearly six years. I was quite open about that on HN and other forums. My only goal was to find a means to earn money online as a solution to my situation. I got a lot of flak from people in forums who wanted me to shut up about my problems because they liked wearing their goodness on their sleeve, we're unwilling to help me in any way and my presence made them uncomfortable. I often could not even get answers to my questions. I was accused of panhandling the internet and my goal of learning to make money online was completely dismissed by many people, making it that much harder to accomplish. Treating a seriously ill homeless person like their desire to earn a living is not valid is not far from allowing someone to die by standing by and doing for them. You could compare it to denying blacks treatment at a white hospital, which is exactly how the black inventor of blood transfusions died following an accident where he couldn't get the blood he needed because he was the wrong color. People who are in certain categories can be at significant risk if being egregiously harmed by the actions or inactions of other people, without violence being any part of it. People are shockingly comfortable with such things, which is an underlying principle that keeps things like racism alive. We can, for example, measure harm to African Americans in terms of both trillions of dollars and in terms of disease and death. Most people don't really want to hear it. Recent articles calling for reparations to Blacks get routinely dismissed as "meh, everyone has been taken advantage of at some point." The idea of reparations has no traction, though the ongoing death toll for African Americans is routinely in the news. The more eye catching incidents where Blacks get shot and killed by cops is really a very minor portion of the death toll. A much larger portion comes from historical redlining and White NIMBYism, which has forced people of color into neighborhoods with terrible air quality and substandard housing. Respiratory problems have gone up dramatically and the effect of living in neighborhoods with terrible air quality can be measured in dollars, incidence of disease and mortality. A study in India found that male children receive slightly better care than female children. For example, a sick boy was more likely to be taken to a doctor the same day. A sick girl was more likely to be sent to bed with plans to see a doctor in the morning if she did not improve. Girls in this study were absolutely not being abused. In most cases, they weren't even really neglected. They just weren't doted on like boys. The consequences of these small differences in treatment could be measured in terms of mortality. Girls had a measurably higher death rate. Marginalized people with any kind of survival instinct are wise to give a wide berth to anyone giving voice to open hostility to their kind. Such people can have a great deal of power to help them into the grave without ever lifting a finger to commit violence, sometimes simply by not lifting a finger to help when they need it. Often, the rest of the world will look on and see no wrong doing. Having been subjected to such treatment as a homeless person, it us both horrifying and deeply psychologically scarring. My fundamental trust in humans has been irreparably harmed. And homelessness is curable. You get off the street, you aren't homeless anymore. But you don't stop being gay, trans, Black etc. The most charitable interpretation I can find for how others behaved towards me is that they are incredibly ignorant of some things and blind to the serious consequences of their actions and inaction. That was not much comfort at the time it was happening and has done little to help me make my peace with it. I think it helped my son for me to explain that letters were just short "names" in place of the phrase "mystery number." Or something along those lines. Like "We are just going to call it X or Y instead of the unknown number we are trying to figure out. " My son is actually math challenged and also a science nerd. This is a whole other mind-boggling challenge. I bought math books full of words off the bargain table for as little as a dollar and, after sorting things out with his father, just gave my son the stack of books to read. No tests. No written work. No problem solving. Just read these books. That finally worked and he has a good grounding in math, though he can't crunch numbers. He is, as they say, calculator dependent. But he absolutely understands important concepts. To my mind, this is vastly better than a kid who can estimate to 8 decimal places in their head, but can't grasp GIGO (garbage in, garbage out). I am in no way restricting it, merely suggesting fertile ground to find enthusiastic early adopters who can help it flourish. We pursued a statistics track. That does not fit with my experience. Giving openly hostile people the benefit of the doubt never resulted in me finding hidden allies. It merely wasted a lot of my time and got me actively crapped on. So let me ask: are you a member of a marginalized group? Because I can't help but wonder at the reasons behind our very different point of views. The Iceland Principle. Bowden said that her team consisted of the odd conglomeration of people that were drawn to overnight work looking at weird and disturbing stuff. “I had a witch, a vampire, a white supremacist, and some regular day-to-day people. I had all these different categories,” Bowden, who is black, said. “We were saying, ‘Based on your experience in white-supremacist land, is this white-supremacist material?’” That right there is an incredible vignette capturing the level of diplomacy and thick skin required to do this job well: A black woman asking a white supremacist employee to ID white supremacist content so they can create guidelines and get it off the internet. Years ago, I saw an interview with someone who was or had been in Special Forces in the military. He talked about how hard training was and that he got through training by telling himself he was just going to stay until lunch. After lunch, he would mentally commit to the next hour or two or to making it to dinner. This completely changed my concept of such people and became a cornerstone for getting me through a lot of challenges in the last roughly decade. People who do hard things aren't simply awesome at everything or blessed to come from the right family, have the right education etc. Some of them are getting through hard things by managing their emotions and psychology with some of the same tricks used by political prisoners being subjected to torture and trying to not break. That depends on a lot of factors. Some people are into porn. That doesn't mean they want porn everywhere all the time on all sites they frequent. This is why we use NSFW warnings on sites like HN: People here are not necessarily averse to viewing and discussing sexually explicit material, but they want to make sure they aren't fired for doing so if they are on their break at work while reading HN. I have an incurable medical condition. I am not trying to trick myself into accomplishing some goal. Instead, I spend a lot of time trying to motivate myself to do the unpleasant things that work because not doing them leads to worse things. For me, the value of the interview with the Special Forces guy was to help me stop feeling like a victim being picked on by life and singled out for torture. Getting well is very hard. It is supposed to be impossible. But other people doing hard things also find it torturous. That plus the awareness of what conventional treatment leads to has gotten me through 5.7 years of homelessness, being crapped on incessantly on the internet by classist assholes who also think I am a lunatic fabricating my story, developing an online income with damn little help because of said classist assholes being unwilling to help me figure it out, etc. I got off the street in September. I am applying for my dream job and made it past the first cut. Friday, I submitted the essay they want for the next step. I have enough money to get through the weekend. I am failing to do freelance writing and I slept 12 hours last night, so I am facing the possibility of eating at the local soup kitchen come Monday, a thing I have not done in 2.5 years and don't want to ever do again. My week has been a huge headfuck and I am grumpy and aggravated, but staying the course and doing what makes sense because it makes sense, nevermind the swirl of emotions and headfuckery that life continues to throw at me. So, if you look at the two paths ahead of you and one is "Put my blinders on and just focus on this next hill" and the other is "Go to hell, go straight to hell, do not pass Go, do not collect $200" it gets vastly easier to think "This hike will suck, but then I get a break and a snack and will feel okay for an hour and maybe the pouring rain will stop and the next leg of the journey will suck less." Metafilter was the absolute worst social experience of my life. When I joined, it was common for individuals who did not fit in for some reason to be routinely ganged up on by other people. Mods would ask the person being ganged up on to stop posting, then let other people continue to make personal attacks against the person who had been asked to leave the conversation, who could now not defend themselves. If they did come back into the conversation to defend themselves, they were "behaving badly" for disobeying mod instruction (but the people attacking them were never told they were behaving badly). As someone who was openly homeless at the time that I was gifted a Metafilter membership (by someone on HN), I ended up on the receiving end of that on Metafilter. At some point, I stopped participating. It is clear to me that both Hacker News and Metafilter have a high percentage of well educated, well heeled members. In fact, there is significant overlap between the membership of Hacker News and of Metafilter. Some active users of both sites have the same handle on both sites. I fairly often see remarks on HN by well-to-do people that strike me as sort of clueless wrt how the other half lives. But I have not been openly, actively and repeatedly ganged up on and continuously harassed here the way I was on Metafilter. Given the similarities of the populations and the actual overlap of membership, in recent months I have been forced to conclude that the difference in culture is due to a difference in moderation. So, you do good work and should be proud of that. Why is there not more focus on the police investigation. Why did they police decide not to press charges? If our police forces are failing to press charges against rapists, shouldn't that be a big priority to change? I'm a woman. I have been raped. I also have two adult sons. So, here are some issues as I see it: First, if you lower the burden of proof for rape because it is rape, then you open the door to men having their lives ruined because some woman wants their job, is mad he won't leave his wife for her, or whatever. Women are human too. We aren't all paragons of virtue simply for having been born with different bits between our legs. So if you set a low standard for convicting a man of rape, you open up a different huge can of worms. Second, human sexual morality is all kinds of messy and complicated. Date rape routinely involves alcohol, yet if you tell women "Play defensively and don't drink and don't get so drunk that you can't drive home and need to crash at some guy's place where he can rape your inebriated, unconscious body," now you are blaming the victim . If we told someone "It's a rough neighborhood, so lock your doors." that would be good advice, not victim blaming. But make it about sex and try to give women practical advice, and suddenly you are impinging on their right to do any damn thing they so please. I mean, I have seen an article where someone was literally quoted as saying "A woman should be able to walk naked down the street and be safe from rape." Is it okay for men to wander the streets naked? Last I checked, the answer was no . Why are we making up this ridiculous scenario? Additionally, because in a court case you can't realistically lower the legal evidentiary bar, going through a court trial after a sexual assault is quite the ordeal. It isn't a sympathetic, hand-holding oh, honey, you poor thing experience. You will essentially be treated like you are lying, because the reality is that you could be. Another thing that is incredibly hard to talk about at all is that we have things like BDSM and cultural standards that men are supposed to initiate, etc. So there is no bright line between a man pursuing a woman and a man harassing a woman or pressuring her into sex, which could then come back to bite him when she decides it constituted rape. I strongly suspect some men genuinely are surprised at being called a rapist after the fact. To their mind, it was consensual. There are no simple, easy, straight forward cures for that last issue. I don't know how we are going to fix it. Perhaps the outpouring of #MeToos and multiple cases currently ongoing against powerful men will change the standard, but not without a lot of blood in the water. I read some of the articles where multiple women have accused a rich, powerful of man of sexual assault and the man often denies it and swears it was consensual. Given my experience of human sexuality, I suspect a lot of these men firmly believe that -- because men are supposed to be the aggressors and rich, powerful men can be oblivious to just how much pressure their wealth and power can represent for a woman they are pursuing. It's complicated and a desire for a nice simple solution in the name of justice tends to just lead to other injustices, not actual solutions. I am not claiming it is a legal defense, just a reason why rich, powerful men pressure women into sex and then seem to genuinely think it was consensual. But I am not really speaking to "What do we do after the fact?" I am speaking more to "How does culture change so you see fewer rapes to begin with? How does culture change so fewer rich, powerful men are oblivious to the fact that their wealth and power can be a form of pressure for a woman they are pursuing?" I was raped at the age of 12. I have not been raped as an adult. I don't want to be raped ever again. I am not interested in fostering a culture that does a better job of throwing all the rapists in jail. I am interested in fostering a culture where people do a better job of negotiating consent so we don't have women feeling violated while the man who had sex with them is completely convinced she wanted it and she consented by failing to say no strongly enough. Do we have video of the event? Do we have eye witnesses who saw the sexual encounter? Do we know for sure what happened between two people when most likely no one else was around? Most cases of rape absolutely are a case of he said, she said because in most cases they are the only two people present when the encounter occurred. You can come up with physical evidence showing that intercourse happened and that she had high levels of alcohol in her system. You can come up with witnesses that the man and woman in question attended an event together and she went and crashed at his place. All of that is called circumstantial evidence. So unless you have something like videotape of the assault, it very often comes down to the testimony of two people -- him and her -- and which one you believe the most. Because the definition of rape hinges on the detail of consent . That is almost always the case. Sex typically occurs privately. There are usually no other witnesses to sexual intercourse aside from the two people who had intercourse. This is generally true whether the incident was consenting or not. If he was also drunk, could we equally charge her with rape (or sexual assault ) if we have physical evidence that a) sex occurred and b) both were legally intoxicated? Most incidents of first time sex -- ie the first sexual encounter for this specific couple -- involve alcohol.* Are we going to start willy nilly charging both parties with rape for all such incidents? * at least in the US they seem to. Even in those places, her drunkenness is used as a mitigating factor by the defense — and often also the police and prosecutors. That is probably at least in part because men and women both routinely drink in order to get past personal sexual hang-ups in a quick and dirty fashion so they can get laid at all, hang-ups that would take years of therapy to really fix. So voluntarily choosing to drink with or in the company of a member of the opposite sex can be reasonably interpreted as intent to try to get yourself laid. This is part of why people vehemently object when I (a woman myself) suggest things like "In order to protect themselves, women should not drink under x, y and z circumstances." Part of what I am saying is that clear "bright line" consent itself is kind of a mythical unicorn we chase. People who grow up with Catholic guilt or who were sexually abused as a child (etc ad nauseum) may, themselves, feel conflicted about having sex at all , even with their spouse. (I speak from firsthand experience as someone who was sexually abused as a child.) Sexual consent is just not the nice, simple thing that some people want it to be. There are people who can't get laid without getting liquored up. There are people who have rape fantasies because they want sex, but don't want to be "at fault" for doing something that they have internalized is inherently bad and verboten . This element is mostly not discussed. The subject of rape comes up, and people don't want to talk about how personal baggage intersects with sexual morality and seriously muddies the waters on exactly what constitutes a consenting moral sexual encounter. If you need to have a drink to get laid at all, telling people you need to be sober amounts to telling them you can't get laid until you work out your personal demons. (Which is not what I am saying, but it may be what people "hear" when I say certain things.) This is incredibly problematic. What did I say that you feel constitutes social pressure that makes it hard for a man to accuse a woman of rape? Because I am quite confused by your comment. We are on the same page. I don't think intoxication is an excuse. I advocate that women should not put themselves in certain situations and I get accused of victim blaming for trying to empower women to live safely. But I did years of therapy. I generally don't drink. Women who do drink and/or have not sorted their childhood baggage get pretty enraged when I suggest not putting themselves in certain situations. No, my question, as posed, presumes that the person I am addressing has not thought this through and they are assuming that only women can be raped. They are ready to hang a man high for having sex with an intoxicated woman with no additional evidence beyond "Sex happened and she was intoxicated." I asked it to rebut their unstated but obvious (and erroneous) assumption that only men are rapists and only women are victims of sexual assault. There's a lot of self-policing The crux of my point is that I was really puzzled for a long time as to how on earth I could interact in two forums with some of the same members and people who are openly, persistently and consistently ugly to me in one successfully self police in the other and refrain from harassing me. That blew my mind for the longest time. It made no sense at all. I eventually concluded that a difference in moderation must be the difference that makes a difference. Perhaps that should have been said privately. I am not prone to flattery. That isn't the point of saying it here. The point is that it is a clear example that demonstrates the power of moderation. As someone who has done some moderating myself, it is an intriguing contrast. No, I wasn't really talking about that. I don't know how to elaborate. I have been trying to come up with a clear explanation. The best thing I can come up with is that somewhere I saw some video that said that white males are the only people in the US who seem to not know that when a cop stops you, you roll down your window and place your hands on the steering wheel at the 10 and 2 positions. Some white males will act like the cop is their friend and cops never see that from women and people of color. If you have so much power that no one wants to offend you, you may not realize you are surrounded by yes men. You may have gotten to where you are in your career by being very aggressive and not readily accepting no for an answer. You may not recognize that doing the same thing in romance is actually harassment. To you, it may be a normal form of negotiating. Pissing off a powerful man in your social circle can be very problematic. Most people don't want to do so, regardless of gender. And I think that's a poor explanation, but it is the best I can come up with right this minute. how did we get to the point where we must first give out group identity credentials in order to be taken seriously in a discussion? I am not really aware of what you are describing. HN is less "social" than most forums. There are no avatars and the profile is completely free form and can be left completely blank. It is a very large forum, so I cannot assume that everyone recognizes me. It also is overwhelmingly male, so it is common for people to assume that anyone speaking here is male. I often qualify my remarks here on certain subjects for those reasons. Long experience as a participant tells me that if I don't, someone will make a fool of themselves by accusing me of being a rapey bastard, as obviously only a rapist man would ever say X (or something along those lines). And that is a huge, pointless derail that I hate seeing. My preferred solution is that we reduce the baseline power differential between the sexes. How we get there, I don't know. But I doubt there is some easy answer here. If powerful men cannot ask, how do they weed out women who are pursuing them solely for their money? Being rich and powerful does not make them invulnerable. It does not mean they have no Achilles heel. I'm a fairly traditionally feminine woman who does not like initiating. I have figured out how to navigate traditional gender dynamics comfortably. If you are asking, then I have the power here. You have to meet my expectations to get a yes. My perspective is very underrepresented and hard to talk about. It is fairly socially unacceptable for me to try to talk about certain things. This has left me with few opportunities to practice communicating effectively on those topics, which just about guarantees that I won't say it very well. Given that it isn't acceptable to say to begin with, saying it poorly tends to lead to drama. I still get accused of victim blaming. I get other ugly attacks. My gender does not 100% give me a free pass to say whatever I want on the subject. I would like to think that years of study and introspective contemplation have helped me craft an evenhanded and well thought out position on certain subjects. My observation is that most people, regardless of which "side" they are on, somewhat ham-handedly speak to only the concerns of their side. This very often comes across as dismissive of the concerns of the other side, even when that isn't intended. So, if someone wants to speak to difficult subjects, I think good advice is to consider how things impact all parties, not just their own side, and work at considering details like context and how that makes your message look. If you barge into a discussion of rape and all you say is (or sounds like) "what about da menz!", well, yeah, that will go badly. It's normal, but we don't really know why people tend to sleep less as they get older. A lot of things we traditionally viewed as a normal part of aging are now seen as disease pathology. She's also been doing this for 16 years, so age doesn't really explain it anyway. Like take the charge of victim blaming Sigh. This is perhaps a can of worms I shouldn't open. But here goes: I was sexually abused as a child. So, in my youth, I very much had the mental model that men are predators and women are prey. It took me a long, long time to sort that out. I think that mental model is shared by quite a lot of people, often without realizing it. So, if you have internalized this idea that all sex involves a victim and that the woman is probably the victim, well, that explains a lot of the dynamics of discussion that we see, where people implicitly assume that if anything goes wrong in a heterosexual encounter, clearly the man is the perp and the woman is the victim. I think a lot of people cannot imagine women as having any kind of real power. And therein lies a real huge problem in these discussions, because if you suggest anything women can do differently, you are bad, evil and wrong. Or if you suggest women aren't all paragons of virtue and many would equally take advantage if given the opportunity, this just doesn't sit well with a lot of people. Someone here mentioned intersectionality, a term I only know from an incredibly toxic environment full of SJWs who claim to want a better world, but mostly crapped all over me rather than being helpful with my problems and also very much are fine with the Lord of the Flies pecking order that is at the root of a lot of social problems. They don't really want to be rid of it. They just want to be at the top doing the shitting, rather than at the bottom getting shat upon. So if that is your approach, well, duh, the well off white males currently in power aren't going to go along with your plans to make them the acceptable social toilet that everyone gets to crap all over. And when they resist becoming the new victim of our crappy social order, they get accused of all kinds of evil for clinging to the privilege they currently have. The problems we currently have cannot be resolved by seeking revenge at the societal level. This is an incredibly hard thing to discuss, for a long list of reasons. But the angry, vengeful approach that so many women take helps entrench the problem. It doesn't resolve it. I don't want revenge. I want constructive change that overall reduces how much people get victimized. I have been speaking about subjects like rape and women's issues and female empowerment for a long time. It's just a hard, hard subject to have a good discussion on. I think this one is going incredibly well -- or was. Perhaps this comment will be a thing I very much regret. But it is a thing we eventually need to discuss in the world, and Hacker News has turned out to be the least worst place for me to try to make constructive points on such subjects. (crosses fingers, hits reply ) So what would you do instead? When Cheryl Yeoh posted her story, I wrote a few blog posts positing that we ought to focus on prevention. You and most people here are kind of assuming that the only point at which Microsoft had power to intercede was after the woman was sexually assaulted and now has this horrible dilemma of whether or not to work with her rapist. But the incident occurred because she went out for drinks with colleagues, got too drunk to drive home and crashed at the home of a colleague. Microsoft could have had policies about how to handle work related functions that discouraged drunkenness, discouraged a woman crashing at a male colleague's house instead of being put up in a hotel if she couldn't make it home, etc. No one ever brings up that angle but me and when I do, I get accused of blaming the victim . They very much have an in crowd. The rules for the in crowd are de facto different from the rules for everyone else Historical comments by the previous lead mod essentially admit this is conscious and intentional. But if you try to point it out, you get all kinds of denial. You aren't wrong, but neither is the GP. In the US, we have the legal rubric that "ignorance of the law is no defense." But, yes, intent matters and we make distinctions in the US between premeditated murder, crimes of passion and accidentally killing someone (manslaughter). Law is complicated stuff. The company should have policies because without them it is entirely on individuals to resist group social pressure in an elegant way that both protects themselves and protects their job by not offending other employees. If you have the diplomatic skills of an ambassador on top of the job skills they hired you for, you might pull it off. Otherwise, you wind up a victim because you went along with group norms that seemed reasonable on the face of it, but really just set you up for a terrible crime. Thank you for proving my point that even trying to broach the topic of prevention is rife with difficulty and gets insane pushback. I can't really fathom why. Simply not having the rape happen to begin with seems like the optimal solution, but it can't be discussed in good faith at all. It essentially gets nothing but over the top inflammatory remarks. Edit: Though TBF I will add that it would probably be more accurate to say policies designed to discourage such things. Elegantly promoting safe social practices is a hard subject to write about. That sounds about right. My understanding is the standard is in place to avoid giving all first time offenders a free pass and to also actively encourage people to look up laws pertinent to their lives. If it weren't in place, then willful ignorance would be in your best interest. Since it is in place, it is in your best interest to go find out what is and is not legal when, for example, starting a business. When I was stationed in Germany in my twenties as an American military wife, the Berlin Wall came down and the Two Germanies reunited. An East German aunt went to visit West German relatives, then visited relatives who had immigrated to the US. She said that "Compared to East Germany, everyone in West Germany looks rich. Then you go to the US and everyone looks like on (the nighttime soap) Dallas ." My maternal grandmother came from a low level German noble family that sold the family title when they fell on hard times. Given my aunt's assessment of wealth distribution in relation to nationality, I guess mom made the right decision coming here. (Edited to clarify my nationality in response to a question. I did not realize I left that out. Oops.) On the one hand, I agree. And on the other hand, I wonder how helpful it is to be writing this and posting it to HN instead of writing about some engineering subject and posting that instead. I think we need more women in tech talking about tech and less women in tech talking about the problems with being women in tech and only getting attention of the wrong kind -- for being women in tech. I mean, it's kind of recursive. En route it will be necessary to remind ourselves of the course we should be plotting That is exactly what I am trying to do. Today, rural internet development is fairly often compared to delivering phone and electricity back in the day. It, too, is sometimes a homegrown affair because it isn't profitable to commercial establishments, yet can serve as a vital lifeline connecting isolated people to the larger world. My recollection is that it is partly money. They have to make judgement calls on where to spend the money, and someone who has worked as a prostitute is less likely to be a case you can successfully convict, so it gets cut. (Which is then self fulfilling prophecy because without the DNA evidence, it is less likely to get a conviction.) Mariska Hargitay of SVU fame is behind this stuff. I couldn't readily find the blurb I was looking for, but found an interview that says there are 175k unprocessed rape kits in the US. Helping to end the backlog sounds like a worthy cause. Bonus that it will help redress racism and classism to some small degree since it is poor people and people of color disproportionately impacted by the backlog of unprocessed rape kits. http://victimsofcrime.org/our-programs/dna-resource-center/u... I have done a little googling. I cannot come up with data on what percentage of rape kits are anonymous -- on the other hand, Wikipedia says: Conservative estimates indicate there are 200,000–400,000 untested SAKs in U.S. police departments https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rape_kit Anyway, if someone can come up with data as to what percentage are anonymous, I am curious. I have a young daughter and information like this kind of terrifies me. Teach your child that hugs and kisses require mutual consent. Teach her it is her choice and kissing someone once does not obligate her to future kisses. Tell her if someone disrespects her no to come get a parent. Tell friends and relatives of yours no for her if they try to insist she is obligated to give hugs and kisses. Being dragged off into a dark alley by a total stranger is the rare exception. Sexual assault almost always begins with boundary violation and disrespect and eventually culminates in rape. A child (or woman) who won't accept disrespect and who feels empowered to have a cow at the rudeness stage is at low risk. I would like to see all children get the message. I certainly raised my two adult sons exactly like that. The problem with your theory is that it is incredibly disempowering for women. I see this over and over and over. Everyone wants to cure "rape culture" for just one half of the equation. I don't think that works. It would also really help if people who aren't rapey bastards would step forward and open doors for women in terms of career instead of looking the other way, worrying that if they give a woman a leg up professionally there will be talk etc. That would do a lot to reduce the power that men like Harvey Weinstein wield. When that isn't done, women wind up with no one to negotiate with other than men who expect them to pay for their career advancement on their back. If anyone needs a little insight on the matter, I will suggest reading Salma Hayek's testimony about Harvey Weinstein: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/12/13/opinion/contr... I don't really understand your point. This is what he means: I often write a placeholder title, write the essay, and then at the very end, spend a good chunk of time iterating on titles until there’s a good one. It isn't uncommon for me to handle blog posts that way as well, or even paid freelance articles if no title was provided. You put in a title that suggests what you are talking about, then you write the piece, then you try to figure out what the most important detail is or the most compelling hook or the shortest way to make the essential point. Writing good titles is quite hard and good titles often grow out of the piece after it is written. You get to the end and you have written multiple paragraphs to give a good lead up and then your final paragraph draws a conclusion in a way you didn't have in mind when you started. And therein lies clues to a good title. I fairly often pull ideas for a title from the last paragraph or two of a blog post. And I usually don't know what that last paragraph will be until I have written the entire piece. You can add a third party domain to BlogSpot. It isn't hard at all. That may not get the result you personally want, but it is completely do-able. I assume it’s like snack, but with an initial sh sound. It's German. I would bet it is more like shock, but with an N added. (I can't readily verify that. I am in a library and all searches for the pronunciation lead me to audio files and I can't listen to them.) Actual Title: Cues of upper body strength account for most of the variance in men's bodily attractiveness So, yes, they were measuring bodily attractiveness. That was the whole point of the study. Badly titled articles with excellent content can get rapidly flagged to death on HN. It seems like "a good friend is in serious health trouble" warrants top billing on any feed. I have had a lot of online friends, though not through Facebook, which I mostly don't use. But I can agree with this logic. I would also be horrified to learn that an internet friend had died or had been hospitalized without me getting the memo, even though they posted about it. I think this is a reasonable assertion, regardless of what people here think about whether or not this was a "real" friendship. Pshaw. I use a psychic connection. If you can't contact them psychically, how close are you really? If it is any comfort, people who are suicidal typically have pretty serious problems, often including brain wonkiness. I am sometimes suicidal. I have extremely good support. My adult sons don't leave me alone when I am suicidal, because most suicides occur while alone, so simply having company is a deterrent. But they also don't bother to try to reason with me because I am not rational at such times. There is no convincing me that my warped perception of my life is completely unrealistic. Rebutting my crazy statements with facts to the contrary makes zero difference. I'm sorry for your loss. And I agree that this is something social media has an obligation to do better on. I meant you shouldn't blame yourself. It is a very hard problem to solve. Aka The beatings shall continue until morale improves. Sorry for the late reply. I didn't see this earlier. I have followed the twitter handle. It looks like it is all audio, which I suspect is not very compatible with Hacker News, but I am trying to ask around and get some feedback on that detail. How are you promoting it? Would it be possible to create transcripts? With transcripts, they could be posted to HN as actually relevant here instead of the angry feminazi crap I so often see posted. Good on you. Feel free to email me if you want to talk. Teaching daughters to be responsible for not getting sexually assaulted implicitly communicates that men are not responsible. It can easily be interpreted as victim-blaming. That view grows out of our current mental models. Those mental models are the crux of the problem. Protecting yourself from criminal intent in no way absolves the criminal of guilt. We don't draw that conclusion about any other crime. We don't tell people that thieves are not guilty of a crime if you failed to lock your house. We still encourage people to lock up to protect themselves from robbers while not thinking this somehow makes it your fault if the house gets broken into. If you run into a bear in the woods and you run from it, it will incite the bear's chase instinct and get you mauled. Teaching people best practices for how to reduce the odds of getting mauled if they run into a bear is not saying it is their fault. Refusing to teach them how to effectively handle it because girls shouldn't know such things means girls will either not go out into the world or they will routinely get mauled. Both of those outcomes are harmful to the lives of girls. Neither one gives girls full lives end par with the guys. There will always be predators. You will never achieve a perfect world. Not arming women to cope effectively with that reality essentially dooms them to sooner or later get preyed upon. It also actively teaches them to be prey. But that's a nuanced discussion you are probably not ready for and I am not super awake either, so not really up for anything that challenging. Thank you. That's all really good feedback. it’s not immoral or illegal. I just feel like the kind of customers it would attract aren’t people I would like. It would only really suit customers who are paranoid and self interested. Just because you are paranoid doesn't mean they aren't out to get you. It might be helpful to come up with a broad variety of reasonable use cases besides the one you are imagining and not liking. Some thoughts on scenarios that might apply: People fleeing domestic violence. LGBTQ individuals, especially so in some parts of the world. Other oppressed minorities, whether due to religion, ethnicity or any other reason. People in war torn parts of the world. People with hopeless medical situations interested in pursuing proven alternatives, like medical marijuana, that may not be legal in their location. There are lots of situations where people are only trying to meet their own needs, are not up to anything nefarious, nor even questionable to my mind, who need to take precautions because the world does not approve of them getting their needs met for reasons that often boil down to prejudice and malice. I am all for addressing deficiencies and glad to hear of such successes, but I hope we get better at making such things available, but not mandatory. I have a serious medical condition. If they wanted to make this mandatory, I would need to campaign against it in order to protect my health and life. It bothers me to see the desire for options tarred as if that desire is mere prejudice and cannot have legitimate concerns behind it. There's this: http://www.girlscouts.org/en/raising-girls/happy-and-healthy... You might find it useful to google for enthusiastic consent and sex positive resources as well. But you are the one coming up with this idea that it should be discussed with one gender or the other. I raised my sons this way. My original remarks were aimed at someone with a daughter, but there is no position here on my side to choose only one gender to educate. I would like this to be a new cultural standard across the board. If you want to stamp out rape culture, then we need a new culture. This includes everyone, not one gender or the other. The idea that it should be all on men to make sure sex goes well is rooted in current concepts of gender and heterosexual norms that actively train girls to be reactive, not proactive. It is rooted in a patriarchal framing of the world. This framing is inherently incompatible with female empowerment. What if I want to ask? What then? How does your concept of focusing on men help there? The other thing is that putting it on men amounts to assuming guilt. This never goes good places. There is a reason the US legal standard starts with an assumption of innocence. Warning men they need to not be rapey bastards begins with this assumption that there is a very big chance that they will do something terrible if they aren't berated from the get go. What if we treat both men and women like people who likely need to politely negotiate a mutually acceptable arrangement to get their needs met? That negotiation process requires substantive communication about the matter, but it isn't inherently predatory -- unless we make it so culturally, as we currently tend to do. I did consider trying to find a way to say actually, the beatings shall continue even if morale improves, but wasn't feeling witty enough to pull it off. I still don't feel that witty. I spent some time homeless and on food stamps. When the lack of resources and lack of compassion for your plight can cause you to literally go hungry -- well, it felt to me like a "beating." It felt actively hostile. That is what I was trying to capture and convey. The HN title is worse than the already bad article title as it loses the implied "some people already do this, but it may become a lot more mainstream/widespread as it works well as a solution to some of our current global challenges." How do you create a title conveying that without it being hyperbolic click-bait while keeping it at 80 characters or less? I have no clue. But that's the gist of this article. I know you said don't ask, but what do you use this for? Thanks. I thought it was weird you mentioned educating daughter and didn't mention sons. I was speaking to a specific individual about educating their own child. That child happens to be a daughter. That's it. You are entirely fabricating this idea that I was talking about the need to educate girls, but not boys. My very first sentence is gender neutral: Teach your child that hugs and kisses require mutual consent. I only switched to female pronouns after that because I was addressing a specific person who had specified the gender of their own child. That first sentence stands well on its own for speaking to any parent, regardless of the gender of their child. It was intentionally framed that way because the message is gender neutral on purpose. There can't be a fair agreement if one side can threaten the other, even if that side is unaware of their advantage. Therein lies your problem. You fundamentally see men as predators and women as prey. This is an issue that isn't going to be resolved via some internet conversation. I could talk at you until I am blue in the face, you would continue to not understand, continue to accuse me of victim blaming etc. Most likely, there is no point in investing more of my time in this discussion. There can be no meeting of the minds here. As others are noting, it is one side of the story and very blamey. I think this could have been written differently and been on very solid ground instead of the smear campaign it is. A better framing might be: Lessons learned: 1. If you are not US-based, be aware that there are extra challenges wrt actually getting your money and it may take additional time to handle that piece, so don't delay setting that up and thereby get yourself inti a scheduling mess like we did, which is what led to this decision. 2. Be aware that a favor of this sort from a non bank business is risky. All kinds of things can go wrong. 3. If you can't get your ducks in a row to make this work properly, it may be a de fecto waste of time. We still haven't gotten our money, but made it work anyway. I would have had more time and energy for side projects etc had I not been wasting my time on this debacle. 4. Woodshed told us they are "reorganizing," which sounds like our money is being used as a free bridge loan. If so, that's an abuse of our naive trust. It also does not look good that they have largely stopped communicating with us. However, I still hope they do the right thing and get our money to us. -- Of course, if they had that level of diplomatic skill in house, they might not feel they need a PR company. So, it sort of isn't shocking that they don't really know how to do this well, all things considered. The diplomancers they thought they hired to help craft their public communications are the very people with whom they have a conflict. I will add that part of the reason to handle it this way is to cover your own butt, not to be "nice" to people who are probably assholes, by the sound of it. The hashtags are also all in all caps, which gives me pause as to their fundamental competence as PR people. All caps lettering is hard to read. It is also viewed by most people online as yelling at people. Neither is a smooth public relations move. "These Tweets are protected Only approved followers can see @Woodshedagency's Tweets. To request access, click Follow. Learn more." This does not exactly make them look like innocent above board victims of libel. Yeah. Can you say Duke Nukem Forever? I did not know this expression. For others who might not know it: https://britishisms.wordpress.com/2013/06/17/go-to-ground/ He's got a great sense of humor about it too. He live Rick Rolled the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade on a day so cold he had to do his performance in a heavy coat and gloves. https://youtu.be/wL-hNMJvcyI Apropos of nothing: A punster friend of mine pun Rick Rolled himself in a dream. In the dream, someone gave him a bunch of movies, but withheld the movie Up. The dream ended on the pronouncement "I'm never gonna give you Up ." A couple of thoughts: If you are trying to get money from people for your labor, stop using the word donations. People see that as charity, not as money for services rendered. Second, you can create a tip jar with Pay Pal. That has performed better for me than Pay Pal donate buttons. Info: http://independentdigitalworkers.blogspot.com/2017/11/how-to... Well, the solution is clear: We ban employees. /s I actually spent a year at death's door. I spent that time doing whatever made me hurt less. That was about 17 years ago. Edit: I will note this is a completely unrealistic thought experiment. People who have actually been told they have months to live are typically too sick to reliably get out of bed and leave the house. Yet, most people who reply will implicitly disregard that reality while making up stories about immense personal accomplishments in their final days. Because the question itself implicitly ignores that reality. Actually, if you study the history of clothing (etc) , that isn't what it is about at all. It is a signalling of a maverick industry so powerful it can succeed without the approval or gatekeeping of stuffy banks etc. It is a huge middle finger to The Establishment. Think of how YC began with the idea of two guys in a cheap apartment seeking to be ramen profitable. I will suggest it is no coincidence that I have read that Paul Graham is fond of (iirc) cargo shorts and sandals. It's a hugely self entitled position that his personal comfort matters vastly more than the opinions of gatekeepers. There are good psychological reasons for enforcing it as an industrywide standard. You don't want people eroding that mindset of the industry or altering that social contract. Well, that's how overthrowing the old order and establishing a new one works. Cargo shorts and sandals become the new uniform. It still refuses to curry favor with the old establishment. Well, it is rather annoying to be crabbed at like I was on a witch hunt. I also wrote this comment which was downvoted into the negatives and remains at zero: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15971899 The witch-hunt atmosphere in this thread is not my doing. Other people chose to upvote comments that agreed with the one sided smear campaign and downvote anything arguing for a more evenhanded approach. Please note the final paragraph of that comment was added after it was downvoted into the negatives and initially was prefaced with "I have no idea why this is being downvoted, but... " So I feel rather aggravated with my entire experience of this discussion. Get downvoted for an evenhanded comment, then later get lectured for a different one that could be framed as agreement with the smear campaign. Not to self: Maybe I need to just avoid mudslinging discussions on HN lest I get mud slung all over me, no matter what I do. Trying to be a voice of reason in the face of this crap apparently does not do any good at all. I would understand your position better if you said, "I would always recommend that we discuss this with sons first, and teach them how their actions enable sexual assault, even indirectly". I think that's not your position though… No, it is not my position. Children are born innocent. Hanging societal crap on male children for the crime of being born male only perpetuates societal crap. Male children who don't yet even have a sexuality should not be getting the message right out the gate that "We know you are basically a rapey bastard, hell bent on taking advantage of women. So we feel a strong need to inculcate you with brainwashing to the contrary to try to mitigate your inherently evil nature." Yes, I am aware that men have a lot of money and power in the world that can constitute an unfair advantage. I am doing what I can to redress that. But, among other things, starting with the assumption that boys will always have an advantage perpetuates the problem. You may never agree with me. Even if you eventually do, that day is probably not coming any time soon. Investing more time in basically arguing with you probably does neither of us any good at all. I would appreciate it if you just drop this. I don't think this is productive. I have a tip jar. You can become a patron via Patreon. In some cases, you can also support my work via whitelisting the site on your ad blocker, in cases where the site has ads. There are lots of different ways to talk about this. You need to talk about monetization , not donations. And what, you, personally find inviting isn't that important. What's important is what works. I straight up had someone tell me I was "panhandling the internet" to have donate buttons on my site when I was homeless. At that time, people would give me money and leave notes "Here, have something to eat." They very clearly did not see it as paying me for the value of my work. It was charity in their eyes. All that stopped when I switched to a tip jar and my take went up. YMMV, of course. But it ended up being an informative experiment. I like having Patreon plus a tip jar. Patreon is for on going support. A tip jar lets people leave a one time payment. Germ carrying people have functioning immune systems. Cadavers do not. They are just laying there rotting, like a giant Petri dish with no lid in which a mix of multiple unnamed microbes have been bred and are now running wild. It isn't like that had not occurred to me. But Superbugs keep adapting to antibiotics etc. I am skeptical of the idea that dunking dead bodies in chemicals is anywhere near as effective as a living immune system. Living microbes seem to adapt if all they are faced with is poison of some sort. In fact, petrochemical spills can be remediated with an injection of microbes that eat petrochemicals. Version number 3 of this project with a new name and new organization of info based on a clearer conceptualization. I am fairly pleased with this take on it: http://worldwidewebworks.blogspot.com I think the aggressive moderation creates a space for good conversation. To my mind, it is the only place where free discussion can really occur, provided all involved parties meet the standards for civility, citing their sources, etc. I have long been able to talk about my medical situation here and my pursuit of unconventional treatment. Doing so elsewhere has been strongly discouraged by the moderating staff. I have never once had an HN mod tell me I need to quit talking about that here. It is the one and only discussion forum where I can have a real discussion about such things and not have it promptly turn into ugly drama, with the forum viciously ganging up on me and mods telling me it is my fault. The moderation here has given me the opportunity to try to learn to discuss it constructively, in spite of the long history of extreme skepticism and open hostility my situation has received. Given that many people have outright called me crazy and I have been banned from a few forums over it, I find it incredibly hard to believe that the moderation here has any agenda other than fostering a high bar for civility so that serious intellectual discourse can occur at all, in spite of it being openly on the world wide web and not a walled garden. It's a really challenging thing to do. And if they were doing anything akin to what they are so often accused of, I think you would see a lot fewer of those accusations because everyone would live in fear of being banned for commenting on it. If your idea of free speech includes name calling, no, you cannot do that here. The reason: allowing it kills the ability to genuinely have a free exchange of ideas and information. I spent a lot of time working to fit in here. It did not come naturally to me and a previous handle of mine was rate limited at one time. But these sorts of accusations in no way fit with my experience of the space. I really hate seeing them, yet also recognize their very existence is evidence of how untrue they are. In my experience, battling it out us part of the problem. HN already allows people with divergent views to discuss them. Discussion of that sort is enriching, with no winner and no loser. Sometimes views are changed, but it helps to assume the world is not black or white, not even shades of grey, but is a rich technicolor universe and sometimes we run across people who know things we do not who thereby have the capacity to broaden our views. And battle is not how you get there. Muir Woods. The most twisty, turny road in America. Walk around downtown SF. See the Golden Gate Bridge. Reyes Point Reyes State Park You come across very badly. Just based on how you engage, I was ready to shoot you down and I have pursued dietary and lifestyle changes for many years to manage my incurable condition. I also have recently concluded that fasting is beneficial for my condition, which flies in the face of everything I ever understood to be true. A few thoughts: 1) Try to not overgeneralise. Even if you really know of people who were cured, that doesn't mean it is guaranteed to work every time for every case. 2) Try to develop a hypothesis as to why and how it works rather than merely asserting that it does. 3) Drop the conspiracy theory language and stance. It only hurts your case here. I hope you really do know something useful. It might even benefit me if you do. But your presentation really needs work if you are going to get anywhere. Best. Getting rate limited or banned may not serve your goal too well. And one would do well to set their ego aside and try to first do no harm. Getting converts to your fasting religion may feel like a rush, but you may wind up harming someone. It does not sound to me like you really want to look at the possibility that your cure may not be all that and a bag of chips , which just sets off alarm bells for me. I am a potential ally. I have done similar things. You choose to not engage those facts while justifying your admittedly trollish behavior. I don't think this speaks well of your motives. If you want to make the world a better place, the best place to start is with the man in the mirror. No, the first problem here is you are certain you have a cure. You will listen to nothing to the contrary. Anyone who has evidence or experience that contradicts yours is dismissed as not having fasted long enough. Your behavior is egomaniacal and casually callous. I have cystic fibrosis. I am getting well when doctors claim it cannot be done. I have been in your shoes in arguments. I am trying to give you the benefit of the doubt and be constructive. But, sorry I engaged. Carry on with your knowingly and intentionally trollish goal of getting converts to your totally not a cult. Me? I don't actually enjoy this Then you are free to stop, no? I have one and only one person listening to what I have to say about my condition and getting better. I was you a few years ago. I have been doing this 17 years, not 6. Anyway. Probably just wasting your time and mine both. Ciao. I am pretty new to fasting. I don't know of the evidence you are pressing me for. The request tells me you don't actually understand what I am saying. So maybe take some time to digest it and if you ever want to really talk, my contact info is easy to find. I quite enjoy a lively debate. Most argument on the internet is not debate. It us ugly and personal and fighty. I think HN has been a place for lively debate at times. Perhaps it shall be again. I do mind sharing. You clearly have an agenda. You are desperate for validation. You found a thing that works for you, you want to think it will work for everyone and ... Sigh. I have barely engaged you and I feel tired. Think on this: I am a potential ally, doing similar things. You are actively picking a fight with me and driving me away. Ask yourself: Why is that? Again, you are very biased towards conventional medicine. No, I am not. This statement is evidence you haven't listened to anything I have said. But I've learned that there are very valid, important reasons for people to be cautious about fringe health practices and wary of the motives of those evangelizing them, so the onus is on us to respectful, patient, modest and prudent in the recommendations we make and the way we go about attempting to convince people of their merits. I think an important detail is that if you have no idea how and why it works, then you really have no means to ascertain when it is likely to work and also no means to fix the problem if things go wrong. Without that, conventional medicine is a safer bet because it has processes and controls in place. I've found that the more effective my own healing practices have actually turned out to be, and the more content I've become with my own health and life progress, the less I need to evangelize them to others. I think the same trend is evident in Michele's comments here on HN. Quite. The more my life works, the less I care what other people think of my story. I don't need the validation. But I still need a conversation space where I can talk about it, if only because I'm a talker and it is a big part of my life. Some people can do a thing and feel no need to discuss it. I'm not one of them. That would make me insane. So HN serves as a place for me to engage people in meaningful discussion on a thing that is a big part of my life and that requires a fair amount of background to really discuss. Learning to engage constructively was a very long journey. I spent a lot of time probably sounding like the GP and then a lot of time trying to err on the side of caution. I do blog and I am currently trying to find my voice on a new health blog. It's an ongoing learning experience. Thank you for chiming in. I just don't see this issue the way others do. "Capitalism" or profit motive certainly is interacting problematically with the issue. But profiteers are not, per se, why we have an opiod epidemic to begin with. The roots of that look pretty complicated. One of the roots is hopelessness. We need to pass universal basic healthcare and solve the affordable housing crisis to make headway on that. Another is, frankly, the success of modern medicine. You can live for decades these days with debilitating conditions that would have just killed you decades ago. And this often means living with a lot of pain. Figuring out how to not just improve lifespan but also quality of life is the answer to that. And it is no small ask. It is quite the tall order. I'm a woman and I tend to be very open about a lot of things. I am generally being genuine/ authentic, but I had a very private life for a lot of years and I had to learn that communicating effectively with people who simply aren't going to be part of your inner circle just works fundamentally differently from communicating with those folks. Understanding is very much contextual. There isn't enough time in the day for you to have a deep, meaningful, close relationship to every passing acquaintance. I don't need to feel people are up to no good to decide that certain kinds of information are not appropriate in certain contexts. It is a waste of everyone's time and a poor communication practice to introduce personal elements that aren't pertinent. Discretion is certainly an element of that. But I think of it more in terms of effective communication. If someone has just met you and knows almost nothing about you, leading with talking about how scared you are is going to get interpreted very differently from saying that to people who know you well. If the entirety of their knowledge of you is "I'm scared I can't handle this job," well don't be surprised if the conclusion is that you are simply in over your head. You don't really give details, so this is pretty scatter shot: 1. Look to your health. This is a complex topic and I have zero info about your health, but the short version is a sound mind in a sound body. Health issues of various sorts tend to erode cognitive function. 2. Find a way to take control of your life, to set goals and carve out space to pursue them. The problem isn't that social media (etc) clamors for our attention. The problem is that we feel obligated to give it. Use notifications for your purposes, but don't let them make you a slave to social media or other people. There are various techniques for doing this, but I think the essential detail is exercising agency on your own behalf. 3. Take a break from your life. Go on vacation or change jobs or move to a new place. Getting out of your usual context can help you see it more clearly. This can clarify where the problem lies. among the eight most important qualities of Google’s top employees, STEM expertise comes in dead last. I have a lot of those soft skills. But no one is going to hire me as an engineer because I don't have the coding skills. It comes in dead last because you have to have high level coding skills to get your foot in the door. Everyone has that. Getting ahead in that crowd means having others assets on top of being a good coder. It is a little like saying "Height doesn't matter for success as a basketball player. As long as you are at least 6'6", what matters are these other attributes." Yeah, sure, cool. It isn't a strong differentiator for the in crowd because you can't even join the crowd without it. FWIW: Male characters in movies who show you their scars are seen correctly as bragging about what badasses they are. I am a woman inclined to do that and I have had to learn to stop it. It is consistently interpreted as "Oh, you poor, pathetic thing, so victimized by life! Clearly, you need to be rescued! (by which I mean treated like a doormat and taken advantage of)" Outright bragging goes worse places. So the GP is correct that women have no good options for owning their competence or admitting that you build your chops by biting off more than you can chew and this project is an opportunity to grow, because it won't come easy. We really don't have good paradigms for women to do that sort of thing. There are no standard ways to do it. Having to try to make up such paradigms as you go on top of handling a challenging job is a serious handicap. I have had a college class on Homelessness and Public Policy through SFSU. As shocking as it seems to be to many people, lack of affordable housing* actually promotes homelessness. * For clarity's sake, I mean that as literally as possible: lack of housing with a low enough cost , not lack of government sponsored etc housing. Adding this because it has come up on HN in the past as an issue. In some sense, I actually agree with you. But I would like to see the US set a national goal of finding some way to foster the creation of enough low cost, market based housing to house 2 percent of the population. I don't want it to be poverty housing or The Projects or a Ghetto. I think there are big problems with that. But cost matters and I think we need to find an elegant solution that does this as a market based solution. It's a hard problem to solve. I am still thinking on it, so I feel this comment is kind of half baked. But, yeah, there are inherent problems with providing people benefits based on having X problem. It tends to entrench that problem and penalize people who are poor for other reasons. From a strictly economic perspective: Free rides homes may mean charging overtime for the spot because they leave their car there overnight and also selling more liquor. But I don't see why this should be viewed in terms of pure economics. What if people who make beer et al are actual human beings and are bothered by the fact that drunk driving kills people? Since their product is involved, what if some of them feel some personal sense of responsibility to reduce death's due to drunk driving? Is it? If it is, why am I so frequently interpreted as playing the victim card when I am displaying my badass scars? Or even simply telling it like it is about my actual life experiences? Accomplishment: Getting back into housing. What I learned: The laid back, people friendly hippie culture for which California is famous didn't actually die. It just moved to the Pacific Northwest. Well, to be fair, I never really stopped doing it. But I do handle things differently. I still don't think that makes it fair to assume the woman in the article wasn't doing something similar. We don't have her side of the story. We have someone else's version of events. Also: A man telling a woman that her observations about her own experiences aren't valid and she just must be doing it wrong has a not nice name because it is not nice behavior. Which may be apropos of nothing if you happen to be female and just failed to say that. Either way, I wasn't asking for advice, I was giving testimony, so your comment is guilty of treating me like a victim when I wasn't playing the victim card at all, just testifying from firsthand experience. Thank you for this explanation. I was an excellent student. I also spent a lot of years as a homemaker. Such thought processes often aren't obvious to me and they often aren't explained well, making it easy for people to feel like "the boss is playing favorites" or whatever, which I really don't like to do personally but I am often not equipped to argue it if other people do it. Both of those scenarios have a safe fall-back based on gender expectations. When you mix genders, the fall-backs disappear. In tech, this is virtually always a problem faced by a woman in a male-dominated workplace. If she's ever momentarily in doubt, there's no safe direction to err. This description indicates that women have no real choice but to handle it differently from a man, which kind of makes your question moot. One of the things I frequently talk about is having been molested and raped as a child. It certainly can happen to boys, but seems much more common for girls. This often gets me comments to the effect of "I am so sorry for what you suffered" as if I am in need of a shoulder to cry on. Given that I do it often in public on an overwhelmingly male forum, I have difficulty trying to fathom why that isn't interpreted as extremely thick skinned, ballsy bitch instead. But I don't get a whole lot of "Holy cow, woman. You really hold your own!" And I think I will stop there because I don't really know how to interact with your conclusions, so I am not sure good communication can happen here. Just like them, Them? To whom are you comparing me? you jump to your own conclusions. I am not jumping to anything. I have spent a lot of years studying and contemplating certain problem spaces. I'm not sure how to ask this, but can you give some specifics? Zoning codes vary from place to place. Do you have some sources for how to actually do this? That's a rather broad suggestion and I feel like it gives me nothing to latch onto. Pretend I'm your mayor. What, specifically, do I need to keep and what, specifically, can I relax? I wasn't actually in Silicon Valley. I didn't really realize it was lacking until I left California and fell into the cozy lap of this culture elsewhere. I comment on this fairly often, so I saw no reason to do a long write up and lots of reasons not to. If you are curious as to my thinking on the matter, you can just ask rather than taking swipes at me. I am not assuming any conclusions. I was only trying to add firsthand experience to the mix as food for thought. I have long gotten a lot of pushback for apparently being pretty oblivious to cultural expectations for my gender. My reaction to that has been to wonder WTH? and then try to find a non confrontational path around it rather than simply cave to such social pressure. The fact that I have to do that at all suggests that, no, we wouldn't be having this discussion if the candidate had been male. It would have simply gone differently. Period. It's a little like saying "But what if a guy got his clitoris caught in the machinery?" And the answer is that a guy doesn't have a clitoris to get caught in the machinery (and the pro trans activists can kindly spare me the derail about how that comment is somehow transphobic, thanks). Women get enormous amounts of social pressure from the get go to straight up behave differently than men. I often fail to behave differently from men in certain metrics. The result is very often a whole lot of drama from people outraged that I am not toeing the line. And that outrage only makes sense if you accept that the rules are different for girls. I had to research why on earth I was getting so much pushback on HN when I first got here. I was a big fat nobody with an entry level job and no hope of promotion and some pathetic amount of karma. The level of blowback was insanely high for some big fat nobody who just wanted a place to run their damn mouth. It didn't add up until I discovered that I had a lot of karma for a woman , never mind that the amount of karma was not notable at all for the guys. Yet it was making waves. So, I don't know how to engage your comment effectively because I am not assuming a conclusion. I am trying to sum up 52 years of "if I do the same thing a guy does, wow, does that not go at all like it does for the guys and I can only conclude sexism has to be a factor in there somewhere." And you can do with that testimony as you see fit in terms of trying to understand what is going on in the world. To my mind, this is a reasonable collection of related writings on the topic by me: http://micheleincalifornia.blogspot.com/p/ir2.html But I don't know that it will seem pertinent to you. So let me try to give you a nutshell version: Average size of new homes in the US has more than doubled since the 1950s. Meanwhile, average number of occupants has dropped. We tore down up to 80 percent of SROs, a low cost form of housing that used to be common, but now has to be explained because people don't know what they are, so here is a link in case you don't know: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_room_occupancy Healthcare in the US accounts for a crazy high percentage of expenses and this disproportionately impacts the poor. If 20 percent or more of your income is eaten by healthcare and 50 percent or more is eaten by housing costs, life will be pretty damn bleak and UBI won't solve it. This likely is a large factor in things like the opioid crisis and rising suicide rates. Poverty in the US should not routinely mean homelessness or being unable to afford essential healthcare. It should mean you live in a tiny speck of an apartment and you can't afford a fancy wardrobe. The way we abandon our own people in a very rich country is monstrous and certainly promotes depression for a lot of people. I spent years homeless and asking for help to figure out how to make money online from people who make money online. The way I was treated was pretty psychologically scarring. I'm a tough cookie and have more support than is apparent from my general lack of sufficient income. If I had less education or less social support or whatever, I would not have overcome all that. I would have been destroyed by it. So I infer that's an issue for many Americans. You aren't required to agree. That's just what I think. Re why were SROs torn down and not rebuilt (also my writing): http://projectsro.blogspot.com/p/about.html I'm not sure what your point is about healthcare costs. People at the bottom are being pinched. As it gets gradually worse, it forces more people into dire straits. https://www.hhs.gov/fitness/be-active/physical-activity-guid... https://www.military.com/military-fitness/workouts/avoid-gym... I don't go to a gym. I have serious physical limitations. Walking everywhere is my primary form of exercise. It has helped with myriad issues, including getting back lost cognitive function. Though, TBF, I have gone through periods where my daily routine involved 4 or more hours a day of walking. A quick Google gets me nothing. I would be extremely interested in any sources about the two day lag rule , even links to online discussion. Thank you. I don't get the Mr. Steve's reference. But I actually like your answer overall. This will sometimes result in clinicians performing painful and pointless procedures on a dying child as weeping parents stand by, watching their child’s final moments in horror, having not understood what they were signing on for. My father had cancer in his late 60s. He wasn't expected to live. He did live about 2 more decades. But following his surgery, he spent considerable time in ICU. At the same time, another elderly patient spent the last two weeks of their life there in ICU. They repeatedly coded and had massive intervention. Doctors routinely did things like drain a gallon of fluid from the lungs, restart their heart, etc. My mother was pretty disgusted. She felt the family knew this woman was never going home again and these torturous treatments were not extending life. They were merely dragging out her death horrifically because the relatives were not yet ready to accept it. In many cases, this is the better answer: ...they tell us that attempting resuscitative efforts that are likely to be futile is not consistent with their values. In these situations, rather than asking for intubation and chest compressions, parents just want to hold their child and find meaning in those final moments of contact. I haven't read all the comments here, but I am rather disturbed by the high focus I have seen so far on the police violence angle which largely glosses over the horror of an individual abusively and maliciously dispatching enormous power with a single prank call. That power is supposed to be available as protection, not as your personal means to settle an incredibly minor vendetta or whatever. Thank you. I will see what I can find. It's extremely helpful to me to see you comment on it at all. Oh. Thx. Rough week. I don't happen to think that expecting the police to be ever more perfect while the ability of ordinary civilians to intentionally fool them climbs will solve this problem. I don't have a citation and I have no plans to dig one up. But everything I have ever read indicates that poor people have less sex than rich ones because they are just struggling to survive and can't manage to fit it into their lives. Historically, Americans had more sex on average than people in other countries because we had a large comfortably well off middle class. I find it ironic that a magazine named Fortune would miss the obvious angle that this is likely related to the general financial distress in the world. It suggests Americans are too poor for luxury items like regular sex. They are working longer hours, exhausted and stressed out, so sex is just not happening. Oh. My. Goodness. Nevermind negative body image. I would feel sexually harassed or something for having that many boobs and butts shoved in my face over and over and over. That veers weirdly into soft porn territory. If I want to look at naked bodies all the live long day, fine. But she says I mostly just came here to see pictures of my friends’ dogs and kids. If I were visiting a site to talk to friends about their kids and almost exclusively saw these kinds of ads, I would feel like this would be a bit like leaving a stack of Playboy magazines on the desk of a teacher at an elementary school. In the scenario posited, it would depend a lot on a) the character and reputation of the denier and b) the gullibility of the person being lied to. Of course, people who would both make such a video and also lie to their SO about it tend to seek out gullible easy marks who buy their BS. But sometimes such people get wise to it at some point. She's says she's mostly there to connect with friends. If you want to connect with friends, you go to the platforms they use because they use them. Boycotting the platform can do genuine harm to the friendship. When social connection is a primary motivator, solutions like "just don't use X if you are not 100% happy with it" basically throw the baby out with the bathwater. I'm pleasantly surprised to see the author comment on a positive aspect of the experience. That is usually not done, or, worse, is done in a manner that negates the overarching point that this a net negative. It's a good read, but I have my reservations about pieces like this. It wallows in the experience, making of human suffering entertainment, often for better off people who will never experience such. Meanwhile, for all that it provides criticisms, it doesn't suggest solutions. And that makes me uncomfortably aware of the possibility that the article itself is one more means for the most desperate and destitute to be used for the benefit of the relatively comfortably well off. http://worldwidewebworks.blogspot.com/ About my 4th or 5th iteration of my desire to help the increasingly disenfranchised and poor in the US to create an income wherever they want to live by using the internet. A little pushback against the trend that all the jobs are moving to the big city and most people can't afford to live there. Plus various other things, like I got myself off the street and back into housing. Edits. Cuz auto-correct. Ergh If at all possible, let me respectfully suggest you make that a priority. I realize with an NPO it is a bit more complicated than for an individual. But when you go to the beach or gym, you know it will be there. When you go to, say, an elementary school or other child oriented environment, you generally don't expect to see it. There is a difference. Comments from a couple of people who left tech and started life over: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16043552 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16043669 Offered as food for thought from someone who has spent a lot of time suicidal. Maybe part 1 of your goal can negate part 2. Other research has found that people's spending on alcohol and cigarettes actually went down when they received direct cash transfers. Faced with a brighter future, many people stop using temptation goods as a way to cope with a hopeless situation, researchers have discovered. In the village GiveDirectly is working with, interviews with nearly a dozen recipients showed that most people have actually worked more since the study began. Well, this is encouraging. I am not pro basic income because I think it won't fix anything in the US without other changes first, such as universal basic healthcare and more affordable housing, and most discussions about basic income start from an assumption that it will be handled at the national level. I think the current focus on basic income actively takes attention away from things like healthcare and housing. We already don't want to fix those things because they are hard problems to solve. Focusing on basic income strikes me as a variation on how so many people fantasize about winning the lottery. It seems like an easy answer. And people would rather imagine that there is an easy answer than wrestle with hard problems. Like others are saying, I am unconvinced that this experiment really proves anything about basic income. But I think this may be the first time I have heard of a basic income experiment where the money came from elsewhere. Maybe this approach does not further basic income. Maybe it will only provide new models for charity. Or maybe it provides a different model for basic income, one that puts a floor in globally and potentially starts the process of moving towards a world government, which doesn't have to be in place of national governments. It can be another layer on top of them. So emergent global order makes more sense than a top down approach to creating it. One of the issues with basic income is the questions surrounding how it impacts immigration. If you give all Americans $1000/mo, that makes citizenship here an even more valuable commodity. But if basic income starts as a global initiative to begin closing the gap between rich and poor nations, instead of a local initiative to help the poor within rich nations, maybe basic income can start resolving some of the problems currently fueling immigration pressures and bring barriers down to a more manageable level. A lot of European countries have free health care provided by the government. It is an apples to oranges comparison in many ways. I spent 5.7 years homeless. I have also had a college class on homelessness. This is not a problem readily solved by throwing money at it. This is a people problem and it is quite complex. Most people on the street have very serious, intractable personal problems, such as medical issues, mental health issues, addiction and/or various barriers to employment. I have read articles where they put a homeless person in housing and the individual set it on fire. You don't solve such problems by just sticking them in housing. We don't have a slam dunk guaranteed solution for addiction. Even when someone very much wants off the drugs, they don't always succeed because we don't really know how to fix it. A lot of medical and mental health issues are similarly intractable. One thing that would help: more market based low cost housing. Another thing that would help: more flexible earning opportunities for people with barriers to regular employment. Pursuing a flexible earned income via the internet was one piece of the puzzle for getting myself back into housing. I am trying to design a program to help other people who need flexible earning opportunities access the same, whether they are currently homeless or simply at risk (however, I am in the US, not Europe). I also am doing research to try to come up with some solutions for providing market based low cost housing in the US. Those things won't solve homelessness, but I think they can make a meaningful dent. I don't like the trends we are seeing and I don't think we should simply accept them. But it is, in fact, a challenging problem space, not mere lack of willingness to throw money at the problem. The article specifies they hope they will last 2 weeks to a month. I actually consider that to be a feature, not a bug. When I was homeless, I replaced my tent every 1 to 3 months for cleanliness reasons. Most homeless people are not as fastidious as I was in terms of overall cleanliness. My opinion: the lack of cleanliness worsens health issues and makes their problems more intractable. Given the number of articles I have read about homeless people with benefits who could afford to get back into housing if they would just move elsewhere, but they won't because they want to remain in the city they have long lived in, I don't think this is a given. It is actually an option currently for some people. Most don't seem to pursue it. And lots of start-ups feel they can't succeed if they leave the startup ecosystem in Silicon Valley. I guess that depends on how you think of it. If all your social contacts are users, not actual friends, I think you can have a net negative social life where zero friends would be a step up. Yes, mold is a very serious health threat and is common in areas where homeless people often sleep, especially in bad weather, like under a bridge near a river. Mold infections are notoriously hard to treat and are probably underdiagnosed. I don't think actual universal basic income is ever going to happen, in part because of the cost. The reality is that most people envision it as a replacement for welfare, not genuinely a check for everyone, including Bill Gates and other ultra rich citizens. I think the biggest problem is that it amounts to squandering wealth, not creating more. It envisions most ordinary people as mere consumers. It's a little like saying "Our body would be healthier if we made sure to adequately feed the leeches." Yeah, no. We need to not actively turn people into leeches. We need to stop treating them like they can't do anything but consume. It is a terrible way to treat people and it creates a very unhealthy and unsustainable system. My assumption: the general audience here. When someone submits an article, they are supposed to use the actual title of the piece, unless (insert list of provisos). In practice, if there is a problem with the name, one can alter it before submitting. educate or help the working conditions of labor (people who work for wages)? I have worked for a few years for a writing service that does this well. I have been trying for some time to encourage people to try to "clone" or borrow wisdom from the model for other types of work: http://micheleincalifornia.blogspot.com/2017/05/the-textbrok... I got myself off the street in part by using the internet to develop a flexible earned income. I am trying to figure out how to spread that model for people like me who have barriers to regular employment: http://worldwidewebworks.blogspot.com Improve democracy at the organization or government level? Improving independence and self reliance of individual workers should improve democracy. The founders of the US believed many independent small time operators were essential to the ability of the people to speak their mind and vote their conscience. Having played a few different roles, I think they are correct. Working for BigCo had a chilling effect on my ability to express myself freely and honestly for fear of losing my income. Government is not wholly separate from the people and culture. We need independent earners to have independent minds to have real democracy. raise the minimum wage and increase benefits so that folks don't need to work three jobs just to pay their rent. No. Offer actual affordable housing. New housing has more than doubled in size since the 1950s, plus we have largely eliminated small, cheap housing alternatives, such as SROs* and boarding houses. There is no end to how much we can grow houses and inflate the cost associated with not being homeless. If we don't deal with housing, no amount of raising wages fixes this problem. Though I agree that we need to provide universal health care. * https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_room_occupancy This. I am leery of anything calling it a war on poverty. If you are waging war on poverty, who is your enemy? Obvious answer: poor people. But the condition of poverty often entails one or more of these realities: a lack of income (joblessness); a lack of preparedness (education); and a dependency on government services (welfare). A.I. can address all three. Wow, and not in a good way. Reading that makes me apoplectic. My first instinct is to write something full of swear words and insults that wouldn't meet HN guidelines. First, poverty is gendered. One of the things that drives poverty for women is the cultural expectation that we provide caregiving to our own children and other relatives essentially for free and that society owes us nothing for this imposition on our time and energy. There are other factors, but that's a big one. The next thing that drives poverty is various intractable personal problems, such as health issues, learning disabilities and mental health issues. One thing society can do to reduce the degree to which such issues separate the Haves from the Have Nots is to provide universal health care. Dependency on government services is driven in part by poor design of services such that getting on them actively cripples your ability to get off of them. This entire article sounds like a snide way to blame poor people for their problems rather than look for actual solutions. I can't believe they say in the same article that a) jobs are outright going away and b) the solution for unemployed people is superior job matching services. If there are no jobs to get, you don't have a matching problem. This is such utter drivel. Wow. There are many sources. Off the top of my head, you can look for books, articles etc about the feminization of poverty, pink collar ghetto and the second shift. I have read far too many books (articles etc) over the course of decades to remember them all. And I would hope that people would provide caregiving to their own children for free. So would I. But why is it only women are expected to provide such care and are classified as gold digging whores if they think the father should provide for them while they do so and also provide some compensation into the future for the lost career building opportunities it costs them? Parents should both be responsible for the product of having gotten jiggy together, not just mothers. The stats I have seen suggest that full time moms do 60 hours of women's work per week. Working moms still do 40. To make up for the loss of 20 hours of women's work, men began doing an extra 10 minutes per day, or 1 hour and 10 minutes per week. Those stats are not current. Given the reactions I got from working women at a Fortune 500 company over the detail that my sons took over the cooking and cleaning, I have zero reason to believe we are anywhere near achieving parity. True. But the reason for this is because if you lose 90 percent of your men to war, you can enact polygyny and rapidly repopulate. But no matter how many men a woman sleeps with, it takes 9 months to complete a pregnancy. Whereas a man can father children on multiple women at the same time. Not does that alone justify keeping them in poverty. Most poor people in the US are women and their children. Most of those women were solidly middle class until one of three things happened: 1) She got unexpectedly pregnant. 2) She got divorced. 3) Her spouse died. Due to the fact that women live longer and men are, on average, about 4 years older than their wives, 90 percent if the time, when someone is burying their spouse it is a woman burying her husband. (for hetero couples, a stat that will change with same sex marriage) I did the homemaker thing. I have 6 years of college. My post divorce life has been far less lush than that of my ex. Europe has a better track record here. European women historically advocated for getting help with the burden of bearing and raising kids. American women seem to have modeled feminist positions on the historic American attitude of don't tread on me. Those social services mitigate some of the harm, but don't empower women to reclaim their lives effectively. Also, the American track record for alimony and child support is not great of late. Lots and lots and lots of reading over the years. It is, at worst, inadequately pedantic. Most poor adults in the US are female. Women and children make up the majority. My phrasing is fine if someone is engaging in good faith and trying to actually understand my points rather than looking for some trivial means to justify dismissing them. The 60 hours of work a week for homemakers comes from a book called "More work for mother." It is a figure that has been stable for 300 years. I don't recall where specifically I got some of the other figures. I was trying to sort my life out, not prepare for debate on an internet forum I had not yet heard of and which did not exist when I was doing a lot of this reading in my 20s. That's really complicated. One thing that drives higher rates of homelessness for men is that it is safer for them. Homeless women are at high risk of being raped. Women often put up with things men will not tolerate in order to avoid the street because it is the lesser evil. Of course, that isn't something most people want to hear. I am a woman and I spent 5.7 years homeless. It helped me solve some of my intractable personal problems. I am newly off the street and recently applied for my dream job. I hope to soon have the life I always wanted and could not arrange. I got it in part by taking the whole deal involved in exercising agency like a man, a luxury many women lack. But commenting on such things tends to not be well received. Men want to play their own victim card when it comes to that statistic and it is never acceptable to point out that there is an element of choice involved and the greater degree of agency generally exercised by men is a driving factor in higher rates of male homelessness. It sounds like victim blaming to a lot of people. You could say that, but women usually get custody. So it isn't really an accurate framing of social reality. You really seem to be reaching here. So I will likely not reply further. If the woman doesn't know who the father is, who's choice was that? In some cases, the man who raped her. "we let men die younger" Nowhere did I say that. That framing sounds incredibly bad faith. That sounds like personal baggage talking. It sounds really venomous. I successfully swapped gender roles with my sons. I got a corporate job and offered them the chance to take over the women's work rather than get jobs themselves. They did not half ass it, though they also did not handle it the same way I would. If it weren't for feeling attacked in an ugly and gratuitous way, there would be good common ground to be found there. If you are interested, the book "More work for mother" details 300 years of history of household tech. It partly agrees with you that maybe women should learn to lighten up a hair. But it also asserts the pressure for women to work so hard comes from real gains in things like child survival rates. I like the book in part because it is a rare example of not hating on either gender and not promoting the war between the sexes. I don't plan to engage you further because this just sounds like someone venting their spleen on a random internet stranger and I am not interested in engaging with that. I actually think the discussion is going really well overall. I'm not a feminist. I was on the street with my two adult sons. I have a track record of making even handed comments about gendered issues on HN. I think it is more complicated than that. And I doubt we would be able to have a good discussion on the matter. You seem to be driving towards "Women just don't want it bad enough." There is some truth to that. But there is also a higher cost to women to just do the will-to-power thing and, in the aggregate, it doesn't serve survival of the species. As respectfully as possible: it sounds like you and your wife have not really sorted this. Which isn't some harsh criticism. The world today is largely dumping a lot on hetero couples and leaving it up to them to figure out what works when time honored tradition no longer does. If you can find a copy of the book "Chore Wars," maybe that would be useful. I don't disagree with you that domestic chores need to be streamlined as part of the solution. But the subtext of your long comment is just a whole lot of anger at "women," which probably means at the state of things between you and your wife, and kicking an internet stranger is less harmful to your life than just taking it out on your wife. But I ain't crazy about being kicked, no matter how much I can understand the dynamic likely driving it. In general, men and women face a different set of choices. It tends to be an apples to oranges comparison. I do think this is an element: Generally speaking, women have an option men lack. They can marry well. Given this easy out, when things get challenging at work, some will walk, especially since they have vastly less reason to believe they can achieve stellar success and they also face sexual harassment to a degree that far exceeds what men face. So, with poorer odds of reward, a typically worse set of working conditions due to the element of harassment and another option on the table, this will lead a lot of women to give up where men have fewer disincentives to persist and no easy out. Women need to "want" it a helluva lot worse for wanting it to have any hope of getting them as far as a man is likely to get. So it is a rather unfair question and it really comes across like it has a very polite facade, but dark agenda. I will add that I have already previously indicated women make choices as well when they choose to put up with crappy situations to avoid being raped on the street. So I don't plan to engage you further. I am not tech savvy enough to make this work, but they do provide this to help people query it: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10313519 you indicated that men often have a choice when it comes to homelessness No, I said there is an element of choice. I said this was true about both genders. Men do not face high odds of sexual assault on the street. When their choice is between staying in a crappy situation with relatives they don't much like or being homeless, homelessness may look like the lesser evil to them. When given the same choice, but knowing that life on the street is highly likely to involve being raped, putting up with crappy relatives is likely to look like the lesser evil to a woman. I feel "gold digging whores" is overly strong. In the US, full time moms tend to get viewed and treated like leeches, regardless of their socioeconomic class. I was a homemaker a long time. I have six years of college. I was a military wife and homeschooling mom. But America is pretty sucktastic about treating full-time wives like pariahs and non contributors. If your land is more civilized than mine, I am very glad to hear it. Edit: And I am not questioning it. I met an Australian friend for lunch/dinner with a group of friends in San Francisco years ago. He talked very differently about his full-time homemaker wife than is the cultural norm here. I'm not the one who brought up homelessness. I was asked about it. I replied. Then you had additional questions, that I answered to the best of my ability. Also: Comments on HN talking about toxic masculinity and The Patriarchy should probably just be flagged/downvoted, not engaged in discussion. Talking like men are all evil pieces of shit for being born male in an overwhelmingly male forum is something I view as trollish. So I tend to downvote and/or flag them. People tend to focus on their biggest fears. It is an overwhelmingly male forum. It's not really rational, but pointing to statistics about homelessness and gender as a way to dismiss other points about the feminization of poverty is really common. It probably comes from a place of fear and suggests to me that men are saying "It isn't like my life is just peachy. And if I can't hack it, then fuck me. Society won't do shit all for me." And that's not a crazy thing to be wrapped around the axle about, though it doesn't generally make for good debate. I hadn't really noticed, so I will just assume you are correct. But: It is an overwhelmingly male forum. So not surprising that men generally are more aware of male reality than of female reality. There have also been rebuttals of the worst and most inaccurate pro male comments. Most people here seem to genuinely be interested in understanding and not merely looking to shoot me down. It used to be a great deal more onesided and challenging, to the point where you couldn't say anything about the reality of women's lives without it being a flamewar or beatdown. It is a loaded term. It doesn't belong here, anymore than announcing women are all bitches belongs in civil discourse. Needless to say, I have a hard time with relationships because my mother's have been extremely out of the norm. I am very sorry for what you suffered. For some years, I read as much scholarly info as I could on infidelity. In a nutshell: Infidelity doesn't destroy a relationship. Instead, it grows out of serious problems within the relationship. I hope you find a means to heal. In a different comment, they outright state they are being throttled: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16056235 Let me very gently suggest that trying to decide which one to blame is not a constructive path forward. I really got a lot out of what Patrick Stewart said in this video about his own parents: https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2013/05/31/187551135... I never said "wife", but I did say you were free to assume. You are correct. My error. But I see zero justification for you starting with a venomous comment and coming back now with a high handed comment that places all the blame here on other people, their prejudices and their propensity for ad hominems. For the record: There was zero intent to attack you. I was doing my best to be understanding in the face of a really ugly remark. Sometimes when I do that, it goes very well. Sometimes, like now, it does not. And I will make a mental note of this incident and try to keep it in mind should I run into you again on the forum. This has been an entirely unpleasant experience for me. From what I have read, internet coops are fairly popular in rural areas. Searching for "rural internet coop" gets lots of hits, including this: http://www.yesmagazine.org/people-power/how-internet-co-ops-... It is also incredibly shitty to suggest that if a woman is raped she can just get an abortion, problem solved. It is surgery, this another insult to the body, and some women feel strongly that abortion is murder. So the choice becomes "Do I try to spend the rest of my life loving this demon spawn that will be a living, breathing reminder of my rape every day, or do I swallow my morals and commit what I view as baby murder?" Acting like it is no big if a woman is raped and left with such a conundrum sounds just mind-bogglingly callous. I am not aware of any reason you should believe that. Tip: you only need to factor it to the midpoint. Factors occur in pairs. Identifying the smallest factors will automatically identify the largest. 100 is divisible by 2. 2x50=100 No need to wonder if 51-99 are factors. They aren't. 50 is your largest factor. You can also prime factor the larger factors. Once you have all the primes, you can build the other numbers. 50 = 2x5x5 So 100 = 2x2x5x5 You can build your other factors of 4,10, 20 and 25 by multiplying the subsets. When I had a corporate job, one of the managers always said "Bring solutions, not complaints." I have generally found that approach to be a good practice. Venting about your frustrations amounts to adding burdens to the system. They are probably also frustrated, and now you are making your feelings their problem. Better to deal with your frustrations on your own and not bring it up until you have something constructive to say. So, zero info on how coding changed her life. Lots of trash talk about the inspirational seminar she attended. A few blurbs about where to start if you want to learn to code. Not a great article. I'm a woman. Learning to code is still on my To Do list. I am not feeling all inspired to get cracking on it after reading this unfocused piece of writing. Constructive feedback: The site is trying way too hard. So is the guy posting in comments here on HN. It just screams insecurity. If you really have a great solution, and maybe you do, you want other people saying the over the top things about you. You should not be the one doing that. I like the name, but you need to ditch the addiction language, the Neuroscience references etc. Come way down to something along the lines of "Feeling jerked around by social media apps? Get some Space. Our app gives you a moment of Zen to take a deep breath and decide whether or not you really want to check FB again ." Don't mention Dopamine Labs up front and what it does. That information should be available, but not emphasized. If you wrote the copy "yourself" (in house), hire someone to rewrite it. Also, get someone to coach you a bit about basic PR. Your HN comments are less than stellar. The article plays a bit fast and loose with a well known reference and apparently chose it in part because a critical detail of the award winning work was keeping dick pics out of the food feed. Sausage works decently here as an analogy for grinding up the "meat" of content, adding some spice, cooking it and getting it to work as a cohesive whole when it is really a bunch of cobbled together parts. I can relate to her description of automagically . When I had a corporate job, they introduced a means to fast track your file by submitting it online instead of by fax. They promised a faster turn around time for online files. I worked on that team for a bit. The back-end experience, where real people scrambled to review the files and make this online submission magic happen, reminded me of the scene in Men in Black 2 where they open up an automatic mail sorting machine and inside is a guy with multiple arms sorting the mail at high speed. Rode: What looks like The Jetsons on the outside often resembles The Flintstones if you open it up and peer inside. A guy who was an expert in big cats was featured on a shark show. He commented on how polite and well behaved they were. It wasn't a feeding frenzy. They got in line and took turns. Which only makes sense if you think about it briefly. If sharks were not well mannered, they would all be missing big hunks and covered in gruesome scars. If two sharks fight, someone is going to get maimed. I have no doubt these are very polite, well mannered things. But not because they live in fear of being disagreeable. Instead, it is because if someone on the board cocks an eyebrow, people tremble. Kind of like military bases where people mind their manners because lots of folks there know how to kill you. So, no, you generally don't go around being a blatant disrespectful asshole for lulz. This post is timely as I've been working on a draft for an AskHN last ditch post I intend to make soon to see if anyone has a plan or idea I have not already heard of for someone with so many limits to earn and survive. You can email me. I have a serious medical condition and have gradually gotten healthier, created a flexible income and paid down debt. I may be able to point you in the right direction. Very nice tribute. There was another piece* posted to HN today about how psychologically traumatic and life altering it can be to kill someone accidentally under circumstances where you couldn't have predicted it nor prevented it. Veterans are often deeply scarred by their wartime experiences and may not share them in order to protect other people from the horrors of war. My father fought in both WW2 and Vietnam. He died in his late 80s. Only after his death did it occur to me that he told humorous stories about Vietnam, but never spoke of WW2. I infer that if Vietnam was joke worthy in his eyes, WW2 was unspeakable. I wish we had a better track record for helping veterans with the mental health issues that so often grow out of serving their country. * https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16105745 Excellent read. But it leaves me shaking my head. If the world is so desperate for answers to this problem, why do I continue to be ignored and crapped on? And it's generally viewed as bad form for me to express such thoughts. And I don't understand that either. My name isn't Patrick and I don't do any of the things you listed. Wow. Okay. Googling that is pretty freaking insulting. Is this what people consider "biblical"? An angry person? Ever heard the expression hellfire and brimstone preacher ? A lot of people are exposed to the Bible in pretty negative terms. Nothing I want to discuss with someone being openly insulting to me in violation of the guidelines and not apologizing, especially given that two of my comments here have been downvoted to the negatives and your insult has not been flagged to death. I consider that evidence of a hostile atmosphere , which is par for the course and in no way surprising, much to my frustration. I would like to think 8.5 years of proving I am competent, not the attention monger people assume me to be etc would be worth more than that. But it isn't. The utter powerlessness of not being able to rewind to 9 years ago to be there for my brother gets at me. As does my fear and uncertainty of the life my son will be subjected to. Everything I know suggests to me these two things are profoundly interrelated and that if you can sort out how it is you did not see your brother's distress and/or did not understand that it had to come from somewhere, you will feel more comfortable as a father. That isn't a personal attack. I was molested as a child and I knew how to protect my sons from the same. I did not live with the kind of fear as a parent that you describe. I never seem to know how to say such things properly. When I try to comment on it, it is frequently taken as an accusation and that is not remotely my intent. My hope is to help you find a constructive path forward so you can make your peace with the past and make your way more confidently into the future as a parent. Best. My understanding: Brazil was pretty freewheeling for a long time. At one time, I was internet acquainted with someone into alternative remedies who moved there so they could do whatever the heck they wanted without answering to anyone, basically. Your entire comment is still just a personal attack. Sometimes, people who feel victimized feel that way because they have been. My other handle us still on the leaderboard. I no longer post under it, but there are people here who are well aware of my 8.5 year posting history and at least part of what I am referring to. I am disappointed in seeing your remark upvoted for changing your ugly two word swipe to a three paragraph marginally more polite attack. For the record: I spent nearly 6 years homeless. I have a life threatening genetic disorder. I am currently broke and have no idea how I will muddle through this month, a common occurrence but one which usually occurs later in the month. I am in this pickle due to a health event which robbed me of the ability to work for the past 2.5 weeks. So I am cranky at the moment. Given that I have long been the top ranked woman on HN and achieved that status while homeless and then made the leaderboard about a month after getting myself off the street, I get pretty fed up with having to constantly behave better than the generally comfortably well off members here while having insults and disrespect heaped upon me under incredibly trying circumstances. I don't have any delusions that you will have a shred of sympathy. It's just 3:10am here and my ability to bite my tongue in the face of so much that is galling is lacking. Hopefully I can sleep soon and decide tomorrow whether continuing to put up with this utter and completely shit treatment from the entire world is something I want to keep doing. I am quite confident most people would have thrown in the towel long ago if faced with the level of bullshit I have had to wade through. "No Patrick... " If this is, indeed, a Spongebob Squarepants reference, it is calling me an idiot. That is the very first thing you did. It never got any better from there, only worse. No, you aren't sorry I am having a hard time. If you were, your first impulse would not be to defend and justify your string of ugly remarks. Look up info on cod liver oil. It is high in vitamin D and is how we discovered vitamin D. If you dig a bit, it is known to help a number of conditions, though the Wikipedia article makes it sound like we have hand wavy, vague guesses and nothing definitive. Search for inflammatory conditions, like arthritis, and vitamin D or cod liver oil. Trying to dig up what I saw recently also led me to a piece on PCOS and cod liver. The known benefits of vitamin D seem to not be well advertised or well understood. The Wikipedia article makes no mention of the fact that people with cystic fibrosis are generally deficient. It is a fat soluble vitamin. People with CF are typically deficient in all fat soluble vitamins and are frequently prescribed supplements for A, D, E and K because of it. In a nutshell, CF predisposes people to chronic infection and average life expectancy in the US is currently around age 37. Most scholarly articles do not blame the symptoms on things like vitamin deficiency. They basically say having CF causes deficiencies, not that deficiencies cause the symptoms of CF. Which seems pretty dumb to me. Your bone marrow is an important part of your immune system. Vitamin D plays an important role in bone health. It really shouldn't come as a surprise that a deficiency would undermine your immune system. It interacts with a bunch of stuff, like calcium and magnesium. Taking a lot of one thing in isolation probably won't have an optimal effect, though there are a lot of confounding factors because if you start eating calcium rich foods because you crave them, you may not realize that you are getting more of other things. Most people don't think of diet that way. Anyway, if you have reason to think you need this, you should also read up on the other nutrients it is known to significantly interact with. If you need one of them, you like need all of them. If a vitamin D deficiency exists, you likely aren't really on solid ground for things like calcium and magnesium either. Decrying the lack of education of laborers is a bit of a red herring. The Industrial Revolution led to both a rise in standard of living for commoners and education reform (ie expansion of education) . Off the top of my head, the average education level for women in Lincoln's era was 2nd to 4th grade. They were destined to be homemakers. The world did not think that needed an education. Lincoln's wife had a 12th grade education. She was considered headstrong and difficult. Her own child had her committed to an asylum, iirc. My opinion is that basically her high education caused de facto aberrant behavior for a woman. She had crazy ideas like wanting to make decisions for herself and her era did not tolerate this well. Now, a woman who drops out of high school is viewed as an uneducated loser who failed to do the minimum. Twelfth grade is considered bare minimum acceptable for a functioning adult in the US today. That expectation apparently grows out of the evils of automation of the Industrial Revolution "taking" jobs. Keep in mind the US school schedule provides spring break for a week and summers off because historically even children were expected -- aka needed -- for planting crops in the spring and tending crops during the summer. Yes, we need to design good policies that help effectively distribute this new wealth across the population. That kind of goes without saying in my eyes. It is an unprecedented level of wealth. Of course it means we are in new territory requiring new policies. That does not mean it needs to be framed as a doomsday scenario. Hopefully folks will be proactive about this rather than reactive. Waiting until the peasants are revolting to conclude that maybe your policies are wrong, broken and stupid is the unnecessarily hard path forward. Some sources: http://www.econlib.org/library/Enc/IndustrialRevolutionandth... https://www.slideshare.net/mobile/KristinaBowers/educational... I am not your target market. I just wanted to say you are handling the feedback here better than most people seem to. I think that is a real strength, both in terms of PR and in terms of suggesting that you are prepared to learn and adapt. Both of those are important factors in success. I will agree that the website talks too much trash about other services. Maybe list all the customary fees people expect that you don't have. That would be valuable information and doesn't require trash talking anyone. Something like: No fee to print tickets. No cancellation fee. No bag check fee. No other hidden fees. Just one low price stated up front so you know exactly what to expect. -- I will suggest that you might try apologizing less and thanking people more. It is more of a position of strength. For example, instead of apologizing that the site does not work on iPad, you could say something like "That's good info. We will get right on it. Thanks for letting us know." Your replies here are fairly solid. I am not suggesting they are bad. I am only hoping to help you further up your game. Best of luck. I wish I thought it was so easy and simple to make the world a better place. The idea of being a kind of modern Mata Hari has a certain appeal, but seems pretty unrealistic. Color me skeptical. I have a form of cystic fibrosis. I have gotten myself mostly well when that is not supposed to be possible. I was a homemaker for a long time. Eating right and germ control are a very large part of what I do and it isn't rocket science, as they say. I also can see no means to turn it into a business model or income stream, nor even get anyone interested in benefiting from what I know for free. It isn't the magic bullet people are looking for. A spartan life, eating better and lots of walking is not an answer people want. It also isn't an answer that investors will fund. Meanwhile, hey, lung transplants and $300k/year new drugs for CF are all the rage. That makes headlines and apparently makes money. A business model for healthcare seems to produce Frankensteinian outcomes. Things that are actually health promoting, like having a full-time parent to care for the kids and primary breadwinner, eating right, exercise etc are boring and don't make VCs rich. They are actually quite challenging to promote at all. I wish I saw it differently. My father had Alzheimer's. He lived another 3 years after doctors announced he had six months left because my mom was a devoted wife who quit her job to take care of him. He also survived colon cancer in his late 60s for the same reason and I flew out and took care of my sister after her first mastectomy with her first round of cancer. The doctors attributed my father's survival after they wrote him off for dead to my mother's care. They interviewed her on tape and changed the practices at their clinic based on what she had to say. From what I gather, two different cancer clinics began offering patients German Penaten cream to help their surgical scars heal because that was why my father's 16 inch surgical scar did so well. I have zero reason to believe you are correct. There are some differences between different diseases. But my life's experience suggests that a) getting fed right b) getting proper care from someone who actually cares about you and c) adequate control over your environment are pretty universal beneficial, regardless of your exact diagnosis. (But I'm just a woman, so not likely to be listened to. Yes, I'm feeling pretty bitter about that at the moment.) Wow, completely orthogonal. So, curing Rickets and Scurvy by identifying the nutritional deficiencies behind them us totally not an advance in medicine. This explains a lot of what is wrong with medicine today. It was different when I was growing up. Doctors would treat all the kids in the family at one time so some infection didn't simply get passed around endlessly. We seem to have stopped doing that, and we wonder why drug resistance is such a problem. No, I don't have a source. We are seeing a huge rise in problem pregnancies, birth defects, etc. There are likely a number of contributing factors to that reality. It isn't PC to wonder if maybe the rise of female careers is at related. That is viewed as antifeminist and so on. Women routinely take time off work to care for relatives, whether their own children or other relatives. They get no credit for this vital work and how it impacts the health of people. My experience suggests there isn't any point in trying to prove it. It won't get taken seriously anyway. It is common knowledge that small kids in daycare have more health issues. My sister, who has a career and works for the CDC, used to quote studies at me about that. She managed to stay home with her only child for the first few years. But, of course, in searching for info to support the idea that small kids in daycare get sick more, one of the most prominent pieces I can find is a PC piece assuring parents that the increased negative health effects of early daycare "has a protective effect later." Meanwhile, the study completely excludes data on, for example, hospital stays. Looks nicely spun to me. Other pieces outright admit that staying home is simply not an option for many women and go on to talk about how best to protect your child from germs at daycare rather than exploring statistics. Yet the fact that you can google the question and there are pieces trying to address it at all suggests it is a real issue and parents ask about the problem a lot. But society can't fix it, so it isn't really comfortable to admit that it is a real issue. Home cooked meals are also generally healthier than takeout, microwave meals, etc. Two career couples tend to not do a lot of cooking from scratch. Diet significantly impacts health. controlled trials proving that secretion management (e.g. DNase), The current mental model is that people with CF overproduce mucus and are drowning in their own mucus. I believe this to be incorrect. We underproduce mucus. Giving the body what it needs to produce enough mucus makes a big difference. Inadequate mucus production is one of the ways the body's immune system is compromised and fixing that is entirely about proper nutrition. I am well aware of the increase in life expectancy thanks to better drugs. I also used to take about 8 or 9 maintenance drugs and they made life not worth living. I was in constant excruciating pain for 3.5 years. No amount of pain medication really stopped it and my sleep quality was atrocious. I got better in part because I wanted to hurt less and I did not care if that accidentally killed me. I had a life before my diagnosis. After my diagnosis, all I had was drugs staving off death. I frankly can't comprehend why more people with CF don't commit suicide. It's a horrible way to live. All the drugs have a six page handout listing side effects. They trade short term gains for long term costs, take credit for the benefits and blame your genes for long term negative impacts. I am not against drugs. I was thrilled to get a diagnosis and be able to ask for Zithromax up front. But there are things very, very wrong with our current approach. If anyone but a doctor did such terrible things to someone, they would be charged with a crime. I think I was unwelcome on CF lists in part because people who had literally tortured themselves or their child balked at hearing that maybe you don't have to be tortured. I think accepting the torture and making their peace with it was a necessary psychological survival mechanism and they probably could not even name their objection to what I was saying. I don't hate physicians either. I'm having a terrible, terrible day and speaking to these issues on HN is basically evidence that I have finally snapped. I don't like hurting other people. But trying to not hurt other people is essentially killing me. These are things I cannot discuss anywhere. It isn't socially acceptable. And that is part of the problem. Other people not only can't speak of it, many seem incapable of even thinking about it. It isn't acceptable for someone with CF to want a life. Just not dying yet is supposed to be all we aspire to and that's it. And I am incapable of swallowing that. I am on the record as saying both parents should be involved. When I said primary breadwinner it was intentionally framed as gender neutral. I have been the primary breadwinner in my own household for more than a decade while my adult sons took over things like housework. We have 7 billion people on the planet and in my lifetime we went from more than half of all people living in rural environs to more than half of all people living in cities. Your hostile description of living in a bubble was the default norm for human life until very recently. The aberration here is not people with limited contact to others. The aberration is that in recent decades it is the new norm to work at a job that exposes you to many people every day and attend a public school that exposes you to many people every day. We do nothing to really account for this being a historical aberration for the species and then wonder why we have antibiotic resistant infections. They get that way in part by running through many, many people and having vastly more chances to evolve. That's indeed the domain of medicine. Which will tell you, "you need more nutrient $X in your diet" as a solution to the problem, instead of "eat healthier" (for values of 'healthier' determined by current fitness fashion). That sounds just really arbitrarily personally hostile towards me. I have gone through multiple blogs in which I have tried to lay out specific nutritional recommendations for people with CF. The few people who have tried it have gotten results. I have done everything within my own power to try to elucidate specifics no different from the examples of Rickets and Scurvy being caused by nutritional deficiencies. But it does not get taken seriously and I can find no path forward for that, and not due to lack of trying. One woman said she would write a paper with me on the subject, then arbitrarily changed her mind. Her son died of CF. She was a smoker. I don't think she really wants to admit that her smoking helped kill him. She wants to find a pill that makes everything OK and absolves whatever guilt she carries. The CF community is not interested in what I am doing. So there probably is no path forward here. I fully expect to die in obscurity having never accomplished anything at all with my life. But this arbitrary validation of nutrition as medicine, unless I am doing it and then it is somehow hokum, is just one of the craziest things I have ever seen on HN. I am fine with all of the above. The problem is that our increasing focus on solutions someone can monetize and make a mint off of are steadily crowding out other options. YC has a lot of power. Adding their muscle to the goal of finding business solutions to health issues is very likely to deepen that problem. I quit taking the flu vax years ago and have done better since. In the eyes of some people, this makes me a nutcase antivaxxer even though flu vaccines are not required. When I was growing up, anyone getting vaccinated was a success. People who didn't weren't all that uncommon. Now we are shooting for 100% of the population being vaccinated and you need to justify not getting it. The further we go down this road, the more those options narrow rather than expand. I am some nutter who "lives in a bubble" for preferring to limit my exposure to germs as effective prevention rather than live on prophylactic antibiotics all the time, never mind that one of the outcomes of putting people with CF on antibiotics constantly is a high incidence of C-dif infections which are then treated by surgically removing your colon. Limiting my exposure to other people and their germs is not viewed as a reasonable choice for avoiding that outcome. I am not seeing similar amounts of muscle put into policy changes that are more family friendly, people friendly etc. Saying there is nothing wrong with developing this stuff ignores the context in which this is occurring. If all of the above were equally accepted answers, I would not get so much ugly and threatening push back for talking about the choices I have made. I should not need to defend the idea that I would just rather not be sick, thanks, and I am willing to limit my social life to have that. But I get outright attacked for that. So you would be wise to be a tad more skeptical about where such things lead. They tend to lead to promoting one path over another, at the expense of the other, rather than a broadening of options. And yet it is being downvoted, which is one of the more polite responses I get. It used to be a lot uglier (even on HN, which is generally a bastion of civility) and I left a lot of lists, or was thrown off of them, where it simply wasn't constructive for me to try to participate. None of your points in any way justifies suggesting one is living in a bubble if they choose to limit their exposure to large groups as a form of germ control. I don't live in a bubble. I do avoid large crowds, among other things. I see zero reason to suggest that trying to keep small kids home and out if public daycare somehow us weird, aberrant, helicopter parenting. Small kids being at home with family was the norm for most of human history. Tossing in stats in how bad life was for peasants isn't genuinely a rebuttal. It is, at best, smoke and mirrors to deflect the point. I don't believe so. I saw one study that said people with CF underproduced mucus. I used to have a link to it, but I think it disappeared at some point. I have seen at least two discussions online about how vaginal dryness routinely ruins the sex lives of women with CF. I have yet to meet a woman with CF who brags that CF means she can handle 10 men a night at her regular orgies. Yet women with CF also produce a lot of goopy vaginal drainage, no doubt from infection. But it isn't mucus. If it were, vaginal dryness should not ruin their sex life. I posit that people with CF are coughing up phlegm which is drainage from infection. Helping them produce healthy mucus can eventually put a stop to that. My oldest son has the same diagnosis. I know other people with CF who have taken some pointers from me. It isn't accurate to say it is merely the anecdotal stories from a single person. I appreciate you commenting. But our current mental models are inadequate and it is incredibly tiresome to be told for 17 years that I know nothing, my track record of success is just luck or something, etc. Mental models tend to change only when the old guard dies. This is historical fact. We probably should not waste anymore of each other's time. The odds are poor that it will be constructive. You probably also have not seen careful research proving that putting kids in daycare at an early age is better for their health, both physically and socially. This in no way prevents you from maligning the other choice as living in a bubble. Basically you are speaking from prejudice while acting like it is science. You only want scientific proof for things you disagree with, not for your personal preferences. The enormous degree to which I am repeatedly invalidated is apparently lost on you. If I were being taken at all seriously then people would be asking me how on earth I am doing this, not being faux respectful on a foundation of "obviously she is full of crap and knows nothing." Doctors never have any interest whatsoever in how I am getting healthier. They merely assure me it has zero relevance to anyone else on the planet. The US is on a very short list of countries that do not provide maternity leave and iirc it is the only country on that list that does not have the excuse that we are too poor and underdeveloped to afford it. We could start with just providing maternity leave as a small step forward here. It is a well proven model with lots of examples out there and not terribly open to abuse because you have to have a baby to get it. I would be fine if we provided parental leave for both parents when a child is born. But I would be happy with just bringing the US into the 21st century and getting on the same page as basically the rest of the planet and just starting with maternity leave. I only mention parental leave because if I don't, you can guarantee someone will accuse me of something nefarious for not explicitly stating that. My firsthand experience suggests that linking to my blogs is not only not helpful, it has a huge downside. No good ever comes of it. My most recent health blog is easy to find if anyone is genuinely interested. I have absolutely no reason to believe such interest exists. I didn't make my comment to promote my blogs. I wish I knew how to promote my work and monetize it. I remain very poor and this is an ongoing source of stress in my life. But I don't know how to fix that. I see the current monetization schemes of health stuff as part of the problem. So to my mind that is a non starter. I keep hoping someone will prove I am just stupid and it is possible to both do the right thing (in this specific domain) and also make money. But, so far, I am failing to find a path forward on that. I wish I felt your suggestion was a good one. But 17 years of online drama suggests otherwise. Well, color me speechless. I don't think we have anything further to discuss. Correlation does not prove causation. Other possible explanations include: You need a certain baseline of health for both parents to successfully pursue careers. Older siblings actively help care for younger siblings. Wealthier families are likely to be generally better educated and better cared for. Your position was openly hostile from the start. You posit that I am talking about a hermetically sealed bubble and not allowing children to have any contact whatsoever with anyone but the parents. It is hyperbolic and not a good faith engagement. Defending myself against this de facto attack forces me to sound more and more like the extremist nutcase you intentionally painted me as. I don't plan to engage further. This is not a constructive discussion. You have a personal track record of attacking me and being incredibly dismissive of me. I asked you once to simply leave me alone. You informed me that was not a reasonable request and affirmed your right to do as you please towards me.* I view your behavior towards me as a form of harassment. * https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15848464 That's a personal attack. I am saying your mental models of life are so far from mine, I can't see effective communication happening. I cannot fathom saying that allowing a woman recovery time to take care of herself and time to take care of a newborn is not pertinent to general health. If that is what you think, I just don't even know how to cross the chasm between your mental models and mine. The gratuitous personal attack only deepens the problem. You are cherry picking. I said I would like the US to have maternity leave. Then added that I would be for parental leave, not just maternity leave, to defend in advance against bs accusations that are routinely hurled at me that I am saying something sexist or transphobic or some other nonsense. Accusing me of being at fault for catching a lot of flak while posting as openly female on an overwhelmingly male forum is, at best, clueless. I have a handle on the leaderboard that I recently retired. I appear to be the only woman to ever have had a handle on the leaderboard. This is objective evidence that my performance here is vastly better than that of most women. So, no, it probably isn't some personal deficiency causing my difficulties. That's a very ugly personal attack. And suggesting I am a narcissist doesn't rebut anything I have said, so it sort of admits that you don't actually have a good argument at all. You started with: kids who live in a hermetically sealed bubble, never share toys, and only ever interact with a couple of adults. You now assume that I am suggesting kids never go to a park or grocery store etc. I see no means to find common ground here. Your assumptions about me are so extreme that it is impossible to engage you effectively. And there is zero reason for you to assume I am talking about such an extremely isolating lifestyle choice. I go to public places, usually daily. I am not a hermit. I cannot fathom where you are getting this from. Thanks! I do a lot of blogging. In fact, I am trying to monetize my blogs, but I am open to other things. I even applied for a job recently, which did not pan out. (I am medically handicapped, so I can't do just anything.) I have tried many approaches to various subjects and things have improved some, but nothing is leading to enough money. I need my income to go up so I can stop living from crisis to crisis. You are going to drop it, but not until after you take a few more personal swipes. One thing I highly recommend for people with CF is the right kind of high quality salt. This is very much like taking vitamin D for Rickets or vitamin C for Scurvy. But you just assume that I have nothing that specific to say and facts be damned. I am not looking for eager early adopters. I am fine with skepticism. That isn't what I am met with. I am met with ugly personal attacks. I am met with complete dismissal. Anyway, it is probably pointless to engage here. I did not expect my initial comment to get any upvotes at all, much less engender discussion. I expected it to be downvoted to hell and end up at the bottom of the page. I meant it when I said that speaking to these issues on HN is evidence that I have snapped. I am, in fact, having a huge personal crisis that seems unsolvable. Spouting off is just me falling apart in public, basically. I already am very well aware that I will never be taken seriously. That isn't news to me. My dream job was to become an urban planner. Historically, city planners considered health effects of the design decisions that were made. This is basically no longer done. Yet one thing harming health in the US is that most people find that long commutes are not an option. They are a necessity. The time spent behind the wheel is not only bad for your health, it robs you of time to do things like go to the gym or cook from scratch. Most Americans don't want to spend that time behind the wheel. But there are huge obstacles to arranging to avoid it. Many Americans wish they had other options. If those options were made available, you would not need to force people to take them. Though I wish you had just dropped it and walked away like you indicated you would do. I didn't say I was offended. I consistently said this is simply not constructive. You are putting words in my mouth. I can't help but wonder how much this is rooted in general distress out in the world. If you feel you can't control your life at all and a game is your escape, controlling that can take on an excess of importance. Thank you for taking the time to look and give me constructive feedback. I will see what I can do with it. In all seriousness, no, I don't think so. They get some of that, but not all day, every day. I shadowed a call center person for an hour at a Fortune 500 company. None of the calls were like that. They do get such calls. We talked about that. But, no, it is not exclusively what they deal with. For those who can't read any Russian, or never read that short story where this is the punchline essentially, pectopah is pronounced restoran. It only drops the T, basically. I have had sites with a lot of content. For various reasons, I have archived a number of them recently and started new projects. This is part of why there isn't much content on the sites you looked at. Thank you for taking the time to look at so much and give me feedback. It is a nice thought, but, no, no one wants to hear about my journey with my disease. I blog about it for three reasons: 1. Trying to keep my sanity in the face of being unable to talk about it anywhere else while the world tells me I imagined the entire thing. 2. It serves as a useful record for me to look back on and help me with some things. 3. One individual with my condition whose number was up tracked me down after I disappeared off all CF lists. They didn't want to die and were willing to take a gamble on "a crazy lady" on the internet. They have gotten stronger instead of dying. I feel a personal sense of obligation to this individual. But it might make more sense to remove that blog from my Patreon profile and keep a lower profile on that particular blog. Other than the positive experience of being contacted by this one person, talking about getting myself healthier is nothing but drama and heartache for me. People are routinely dismissive, attacking and ugly. I continue to have a hard time letting go of the idea that what I know could help other people with dreadful health issues. But the reality is that it is mostly downside for me to give a damn about the welfare of others. It routinely bites me in the butt. It never seems to in any way come back to me in a positive way. I need to quit being someone who cares and become someone who makes an adequate income. Caring about others has helped keep me destitute. It just makes me a chump. TLDR of a much longer, more bitter and angry reply: I think no one wants to hear because of 17 years of being shit on for trying to talk about it. My story is not just that I have a form of CF. It is that I am getting well. People straight up tell me I am deluded, I suffer Munchhausen Syndrome, etc. The degree of ugliness I have been met with is pretty extreme. So I don't really want to tell my story at this point. I am mostly well. I want to get a "normal" life. That was the entire point. This might be a useful resource: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14911467 I have zero firsthand experience with it. This is a description I found: "Bulletproof Coffee", a coffee drink with butter and medium-chain triglyceride derived from coconut oil. Medium chain triglycerides are medically recommended for people with very serious gut issues, such as stomach cancer or cystic fibrosis. The last time I tried to find a handy source for that factoid, I couldn't readily do so. Suffice it to say I have CF and this is common knowledge in the CF community. MCT oil is readily absorbed without having to be broken down. In fact, it can be absorbed topically. So it literally requires zero digestion to be put to use by the body. In some circles, this is interpreted to mean that it is valuable because no calories are wasted on processing it. My personal opinion is that detail is probably largely irrelevant and it is probably more important for other reasons that the process of digestion gets skipped. MCT oil is also beneficial to gut flora. Additionally, the gut contains about 70 percent of your immune cells. So if you have any kind of (possibly unidentified) gut issue or immune problem, the MCT oil may be beneficial for that reason. People who have such issues and discover MCT oil typically have glowing things to say about it. If you don't have any such issues, you may not think it is anything special. You can look up studies on the health benefits of coffee. I do freelance writing and have written a few articles on the topic. Among other things, it boosts performance if consumed an hour before your workout. I have not specifically tried this coffee, but my firsthand experience is that caffeine plus healthy fats can do miraculous things for me when I need it. I used to eat butter sandwiches with lots of diet coke when I had a lot of pain. The combination of two chemically significant foods can have a multiplier effect. Having said that, I imagine that someone in generally good health will likely find it yawn worthy at best, if not downright revolting. My condition is better than it used to be. I cannot possibly choke down half to three quarters of a stick of butter anymore, which I used to do pretty often. A good practice is start a food journal. Keep it for a bit to establish a baseline. Introduce one and only one change to your diet. Track it for a couple of weeks minimum. This is the best way to see if it does anything for you in specific. /not medical advice, just me trying to occupy myself while recovering from a stupid fall People telling you that you should have kids to validate their life choices are assholes. I also tend to suspect they aren't really that happy with their lives. Don't listen to such people. FWIW: I very much wanted kids. I wanted 3. I stopped at 2 for health reasons. I adore my sons. They are both adults and we are still close. But I cannot imagine trying to tell someone else they should have kids because I liked it. It might be because writing code is as close to magic as you can get. It does real world things, like banking and long distance communication, but it is invisible and in an arcane tongue. If I see a bridge, I don't need to be an engineer to gauge if it is likely to support my weight. But if the bridge is invisible, I probably want significant assurance that no one is pulling a fast one here, so to speak. Your concern is appreciated, by it's a hair late to the party. This discussion is over with, largely at my request. People kindly respected my stated desire to discontinue it and the mods seem to have quietly deprecated it once I made it clear I wasn't feeling myself and just wanted to walk away. It is more comfortable to talk with people side by side than face to face. I have had lots of good conversations with people while carpooling or walking somewhere together. My oldest son has output difficulties. Walking together while he does most of the talking has helped him enormously. Most of the time, I enjoy listening to my son. If you can similarly find someone in your life who enjoys listening to you and doesn't mind acting as a sounding board, just having the time to practice can really help you hone this skill. - I also looked for a way to find more info about you, like an About page, or preferably a link to LinkedIn or something like that, but I didn't find one. What type of information about me are you looking for? I get told a lot I talk too much about myself and that needs to stop. In this very post someone suggested I redact a "personal anecdote" that they felt was overly personal and not pertinent. It indicates I was a military wife and homeschooling mom for a long time, yet had a high call back rate on my own resume when I did go to job hunt. I feel that is pertinent. I have lived a very private life. I participated in an educational organization because I was a homeschooling parent. People label that personal info. I was an educator. I ran a small private school under California state law, but my students were my own children. Tokenadult is also a homeschooling parent. I knew him elsewhere before I joined HN. He ran a homeschooling website for a time, as did I. But he also is a school teacher. I can seem to find no means to claim my experience and credentials. It all gets dismissed as private, overly personal, anecdotal, etc. No one wants to hear, much less give me credit, for those accomplishments. It seems like a trap I cannot escape. Having been a homemaker, it is like nothing I do will ever count. I have six years of college. I have moderating experience. I have run websites for years. Men here who run websites are webmasters and it is respectable. I am dismissed as a mommy blogger for doing the same thing. So what info about me do you want? Because that is the opposite of what I get told routinely and seems to be a Gordian knot I can find no means to cut. I'm not a man. I haven't lived like a man. Every single thing I have accomplished seems to not count because of it. Thank you for taking the time to look it over and reply. Some of that is very good info. Please don't take the focus of my question as a negative. I hope you can say something that helps me sort this particular detail out. Fifteen years ago, the BBC reported that a double-blind, placebo-controlled study found that adding vitamins to the diets of inmates at a maximum security institution cut offences by 25%. The greatest reduction was for serious offences, including violence which fell by 40%. This in no way surprises me. I had this thought a year or so ago that we ought to provide better nutrition in prison as a primary means of rehabilitation. I think I tried to blog about it and it didn't go well. I eventually moved on. But I am glad to see this article. I hope this idea gets acted upon, the sooner, the better. The argument that "there are starving people in Africa, so the most unfortunate in the US should just count their blessings" is incredibly tiresome and essentially justifies an abusive system. Can we not do this? Being forced to eat chicken and Fritos, in spite of having serious health problems that they exacerbate, absolutely is abuse. This also goes on in the treatment of the homeless in the US where they are told to be grateful to have any food at all, never mind that it is making their diabetes or other health issues worse and will lead to an early death, the need to amputate a foot and/or other horrors. Moving the goal posts entirely away from the current discussion of food in no way justifies your initial comment. Stating it in a manner that kind of implies I hold certain unpalatable views and would advocate for putting people in prison as a form of housing doesn't make me sympathetic. There are lots and lots of things wrong in the world. That fact is absolutely not justification for pissing on an idea that is simple, cheap, effective and has real merit as just one piece of the solution to the large puzzle of deeper problems in the US. Nutrition has played a very, very large role in my ability to solve my personal problems, raise my income and get off the street. It also has played a very large role in gradually making me more psychologically stable. I didn't say that in my initial comment elsewhere in this discussion because I get tired of being told I talk too much about myself, I am just an attention monger, it is merely anecdotal, etc etc etc. But that is why I had the thought that nutrition in prison could play a very serious role in actual rehabilitation. If you posit that most people in prison are from generally marginalized and poor populations, you can assume many of them never had proper nutrition at all in their lives. Feeding them well so they can grow both stronger and mentally better could be a small means to make prison a way to break the cycle of poverty and desperation, a small means for society to try to make real amends instead of merely heaping more abuse on such people. Ideally, I would like to see more non-prison programs that are civilized, civilizing, caring and all that. But those are quite hard to create. It is hard to make good programs. These people are some of the most ill, most destitute, most crapped on by society. None of your points here in any way whatsoever justifies advocating that they should merely be grateful for their chicken and Fritos and otherwise fuck 'em, they can quit their bitching. Thank you. even worse because of the compounding frustration and lack of understanding for why coupled with the feeling of not having eaten a proper, hunger satiating meal. In the case of the current prison population, it is even worse than that because they are simply assumed to be violent, maladjusted etc and no one at all wonders if their health impacts it, even in cases where they have a diagnosis of being HIV positive or having TB. When a middle class person is having a health crisis and acts out, the odds are good that people will cut them some slack and hope they feel better soon. When a prisoner does so, hey, he is just a criminal with no redeeming value and we should lock him up and throw away the key. Thank you very much. I have a serious medical condition that makes it difficult to get the nutrients I need. I fairly often have somatopsychic side effects from this. I resolve those issues by figuring out what nutrient I need extra of. The incident that caused me to think that nutrition should be part of prison rehab was one where I was just inexplicably mad as hell and we resolved it by feeding me an orange every day for the vitamin C. I was like "Holy cow! I bet just getting the right nutrients into prisoners would make them less prone to violence and other problem behaviors." So as a wild guess: This is probably a significant factor. Uncooked corn cobs snap easily in half. There is no need to get out a knife, which is a huge pain and does a lot of collateral damage to the corn. Just break it in two with your bare hands before cooking. Potatoes are a staple food that you can nearly live on with nothing else. Keeping easy to cook versions of them on hand that you can add a little something to makes it easy to throw together a fresh, healthy meal. Easy to cook versions include various forms of frozen potatoes, like hash browns and potatoes O'Brien, plus fresh ones that need little prep, like new potatoes or other varieties that basically need to be washed, but not peeled. Hash browns plus potatoes O'Brien plus an egg or something is a way to have non boring potatoes with a bit of veggies and protein. New potatoes plus frozen chicken plus butter and spices can be baked together for a simple, no hassle meal. When you feel and chop aromatic items like onions, garlic it peppers, run the wastes through the disposal. It help kill stuff growing in the disposal. Your disposal blades can be sharpened by putting a mixture of cold water and ice through it. Be careful to not overload it with too much ice at one time. If you use coconut oil, it can be kept in a liquid state by storing on a warm spot on the counter. If your fridge is next to a counter, the heat coming off the back can help create a warm spot. I have been told, but not tried it: If you want a butter like spread and don't want margarine, you can store olive oil in the fridge to get it to firm up and make it spreadable. If you have only ever had canned pineapple and you think it is gross, try actual fresh pineapple. You may finally understand the appeal. If you live on the West Coast, whole fresh pineapple is typically available at a reasonable price most if the year. If you have a George Foreman grill, a nice meal to grill on it is a small steak, a thick slab of yam and a thick slab of fresh pineapple. You can also grill some onion with it if you like. When you make spaghetti, don't bother to try to figure out how much noodles you need. Just make the entire thing of noodles. Cold leftover noodles with Parmesan cheese and some apple slices is yummy. Or you can fry the noodles up with an egg. If you like homemade pizza but you don't make it often and are sick of throwing out gross, moldy mozzarella that never got used, use Parmesan instead of mozzarella for your pizza. It keeps better. Pizza can be a source of veggies. Fresh chopped pineapple, onion and green or red peppers goes great with a little pepperoni. Rinse grapes as soon as you get them home and pull them off the stem. They will keep for up to a week without getting all gross and mushy. Celery can be kept fresh by standing it in a glass of ice water in the fridge. Do not store apples and potatoes together. They rot faster if you do. If you like bananas, get a banana hook to hang them from. It really makes a difference in how well they keep. Cooking for one? Freeze small steaks in ones and twos in ziploc bags. Thaw them in minutes in a bowl of warm water in the sink. You can ask your butcher to cut a thick London broil into very thin breakfast steaks. They will cook super fast and make it a breeze to throw together a light meal. When I am throwing up or feverish, I rapidly get magnesium deficient. It makes me both noise and light sensitive. The noise sensitivity side effect of magnesium deficiency is well known in some alternative remedy circles I used to hang in. When I start complaining about noise, we work at getting magnesium into me via food choices like cashews or dark chocolate. Chocolate covered cashews are on today's grocery list because I have been mildly light and noise sensitive for days and we failed to get them yesterday. If you need magnesium, you probably also need calcium, vitamin D and vitamin K. IIRC, magnesium and calcium should be taken in a 2 to 1 ratio. Since you have already added vitamin D, you might consider adding calcium and vitamin K. Like magnesium, calcium is another mineral known to have calming effects. If you are up for additional experimenting, search for Celtic Sea Salt. It is sold online. It is not only a high quality salt, it has a high percentage of micro nutrients. I no longer need it, in part because I moved to a coastal area where those nutrients are available for free in the very air, but it played a critical role in my healing process, especially when combined with the right carbs (aloe or potato, basically) and healthy fats, like MCT oils. ~13 year history of meth-amphetamine use and abuse. FWIW, I view this is as self medicating for unidentified health issues (whether physical or mental health or both). I firmly believe treating the underlying health issues can help put a stop to it. My father drank very heavily for years while he was in the military. He quit after he left the military. He did so without ever going to any kind of treatment program. This fact has had a strong influence on my views of addiction. I do not buy the 12 step program model of demonizing both drugs and the people who take them. I think that model is actually harmful to people and makes the problem worse. I firmly believe drug use is done for a reason and if you can resolve the root causes behind it, it can just stop because you don't need it anymore, without necessarily doing any wrestling with it. Edit: often frustrated, For me, severe frustration is evidence of a selenium deficiency. It isn't that simple. I work really hard at editing out profanity when I write online. The reality is that I swear like a sailor and the running joke in the family is to quote that movie line "you go into a bar and sailors come running out." I basically use the eff word like other people use very. So when I write something full of profanity, it doesn't suggest I have really strong feelings about it or am trying to attack or insult people. It usually means I was writing while tired, distracted or a bit under the weather and failing to put in the extra effort to mind my Ps and Qs. I am aware that it causes problems at times for me to use so much profanity when I post things online. It isn't uncommon for me to go back and try to edit out the worst of it after I post it. But the converse of that is this: it takes extra effort for me to come up with alternate phrasing and this takes bandwidth away from me focusing on more substantive elements. If someone actually thinks I have good ideas and they want to know what I think about something, they will get more useful info from me more frequently if they don't give me shit constantly about how my foul mouth is an excuse to just not listen to the substance of my points. There are plenty of people who punctuate their speech with colorful language. Colorful language can be a rich way to express some concepts and trying to clean it up can actually lose something. So given that I am hardly the only person on the planet who just habitually peppers their speech with profanity, I think one use of this standard is to agree to ignore that element as a minor style detail in order to focus on the substance of their ideas. People from bad neighborhoods often have foul mouths. Expecting them to politely and articulately elucidate their points without profanity can be a form of classist and racist gatekeeping that excludes them from serious discourse. I don't have an easy answer for you. I do try to clean up my language when speaking "in public" whether online or off. I just wanted to note that the issue is more complicated than that. I hope you are merely expressing something really, really badly. Because this sounds like emotionally abusive, unhealthy behavior being justified as some kind of good preparation for a dog-eat-dog world. The best debates aren't about winning at all. They are about getting at the truth and broadening your understanding of a topic by exposing yourself to different points of view which can cast light on personal blind spots or holes in your knowledge. So, in this imagined utopia where you talk to a driverless room and, boom!, food arrives while you are on your way to some destination or other, what happens if you talk to yourself habitually? What happens if you get on the phone? What happens if you speak American English and you touch down in Australia and your room understands some American expression completely differently? This sounds like it has very serious pitfalls for mere mortals who don't know exactly what they want every minute of the day and for real world scenarios where language is not static nor universal. In fact, the same word or expression can mean many different things. I tend to talk to myself, especially if I am tired or feverish or grumpy. I think of recent stories in the news about someone dying because of a swatting call. You can now deploy a SWAT team with a single phone call and this is being abused by some people and innocent people are ending up dead. With the internet, you run into situations where an old person with cognitive issues is spending money online in a problematic fashion and similar. For people who don't really understand how such systems work, the lack of friction between every random desire that passes through their head and the ability to make it happen actually causes problems. So I read this story of frictionless everything and I wonder where it goes wrong. Actual reality for many modern systems is some form of crazy making frustration. You call and get an automated system and spend forever going through a menu, unable to get through to a live person or find the option you need. The scenario posited that you casually state a two item food order and you have it 6 minutes later. Reality would probably include 10 minutes of aggravating back and forth while the room lists all options for beer brand, size of the beer, did you want condiments with that, etc. You can argue they are just trying to give a nutshell version of the concept, but either it is inaccurate or there is a great deal of room for you to speak and something to promptly happen because of it and that something not being what you really had in mind. This can be as minor as getting a brand of beer you don't like, but it also has potential to result in much more serious problems. The author did not include any provisos that, of course, the room knows which brand and size of beer you meant because it automatically logged you in through your Apple account and it has a list of default definitions for what exactly you mean when you say, for example, that you want a beer. I can't believe my comment is being dismissed and downvoted. Yes, it is pedantic. But automated systems don't function if someone doesn't ask all these pedantic questions and find answers for properly handling real world scenarios. Thank you. No, that isn't my point at all. It is positing a future where you casually say something and, voila, like magic, real world things happen. And it isn't explaining why that does not go awry. We can currently order food online. Domino's saves a default order for you so you don't have to fill it out every single time. If you change any details at all, that takes extra time. There is no verification at all in the story. There is no mention of how and why there is no verification, yet the order of food is what was wanted and he isn't cussing about the brand of beer he got. The only way you get exactly what you want with such a short sentence specifying what you want is if you are a creature of habit, go to your usual eatery and someone with a long history of serving you asks "Your usual?" Otherwise, no, saying you want a beer is simply not enough information. Is it in a can? Is it in a bottle? Is it from a tap and served in a tall glass? What brand is it? Was that a regular bottle or a 40 ounce? Etc etc. Even with humans involved, "I want X food and X drink" isn't enough information. The story in no way explains how that somehow is enough info. Probably a better practice than commenting here about is: 1. Flag articles you don't want here. 2. Don't participate in discussion of those articles, not even to talk about how you don't want them here. 3. Submit, upvote and comment on things you do want here. I used to self post my own writing fairly regularly. I mostly have stopped. I don't feel it really goes well even though I posted stuff for a time in part because some people said they wanted to hear from me. I am still trying to figure out what exactly to write about these days, having recently abandoned a bunch of projects. And I am saying that to try to make the point that what people say they want or don't want in comments seems to have a poor signal to noise ratio. I haven't personally found it to be a reliable indicator of what works on HN. A much stronger indicator of interest or lack thereof boils down to "voting with your feet" as a means to indicate what isn't wanted here and "voting with your wallet (attention)" as to what is wanted here. Give attention to things you want here. Starve other things of attention. Even if it doesn't have a notable impact on what appears on the front page, it will positively impact your experience of the site Remove this from your resume entirely: My work experience is limited because of my involvement with Fractals. I am a highly trained and experienced software engineer—please don’t take my limited experience as a reflection of skill. Remove the word "interests" from the section titled Skills/interests. Remove repetitive and vague phrases. You say over and over that you have substantial experience in various things. It is a meaningless phrase to start with, made worse by overuse. Move the education section to the end of the document. You currently have it at the top. It isn't irrelevant, but it isn't the first thing people should see either. Remove this: Passionate about learning and using technology to solve problems. It is not useful on a resume. Replace that line with one specifying in a nutshell what your qualifications are, such as Programmer and designer specialized in Fractals. It would be a great way to make flavored spreads easily. Toss in herbs of your choosing, refrigerate. Voila! Flavored butter substitute for almost no effort. I recently removed a bunch of my work from the web or simply stopped developing it. There is a partial list of new/current (not very fleshed out) projects here: https://www.patreon.com/DoreenMicheleTraylor An old personal blog with substantial content is here: http://micheleincalifornia.blogspot.com/ I also have an old health blog called Mic Eats on blogspot that has substantial content. Like the one above, it is not being further developed, but it is also not being removed from the internet. I have a number of new projects kind of in the idea stage. When they have some content, they will be added to my Patreon site. I also tweet new posts when they are published, even for blogs I have no desire to list on Patreon. HN has a counter measure: vouching. So if something gets flagged, people who think it doesn't deserve to be can counterweight it with a vouch. I am old and cranky and at a point where I would rather see more of that than more off topic pissing and moaning about what one or two individuals would like to see or not see here. It's lots of sound and noise, but no real action. I am suggesting they take action because my experience suggests that's both more effective and more satisfying. But, then, in some sense, I am being a hypocrite. I probably should have just flagged and downvoted their off topic, annoying comments rather than trying to make suggestions. So, whatever. I am not talking about the truth regarding a specific incident. I am talking things like more accurate mental models. My oldest son sees the world extremely differently from me. When we hash things out, there is a lot of added value in hearing the other person's take on a problem space. If we both agree on the same solution having come at it from opposite directions, we can be confident it is a solid solution and not merely an expression of personal bias. Not too long ago, I read a piece indicating that growth is held back by our strengths, not our weaknesses. I have consistently been willing to abandon my strengths and put myself in situations outside my comfort zone. This has been a tremendous source of personal growth. For example, I lived in the same house from age 3 to adulthood. I graduated high school with some of the same people I had gone to kindergarten with. I couldn't go anywhere in town without running into people I knew. Then I became a military spouse and moved elsewhere. I knew no one and the town was utterly unfamiliar and nothing worked like I thought it would. Such experiences cast a lot of light on unstated assumptions, why what works for one person may not work for another, etc. No, but you did essentially shoot down someone else's statement about what led to their growth. You can't have it both ways. You can't shoot them down and assert they are wrong because your experience disagrees with it, then say it is all just opinion, man. Either respect their opinion about their own life experience or defend your assertion that they are wrong with something stronger than personal opinion. It comes across like your point is "Stop implying that I, personally, need to quit toking every day." Because the idea that drugs impair cognitive performance is hardly novel. It sounds like you feel personally threatened and you feel some need to shoot down the well established scientific fact that drugs impair cognitive function. There may be more going on in his life than marijuana impairing cognitive function, but you have absolutely no basis whatsoever to assert that they are wrong about their own life and there is some other explanation for the cognitive effects they experienced. Presumably: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coyotaje Since their surgery center does not employ the army of administrators that is often required to haggle with insurers and follow up on Medicare reimbursements, their overhead is smaller. This is part of why Obamacare is fundamentally broken. Using the existing commercial insurance system to try to provide universal coverage injects unavoidable extra expense and complications. Really happy to hear about the trend the article is describing. Put it on your Amazon wish list and hope someone gifts it to you. Ideally, a single payer system. I am not advocating for this cash only option to be the entire system. I am merely saying that Obamacare is broken and I am glad to see alternatives emerging, given that Trump has so far failed to provide a real solution at the federal level. I've been wondering for a while now why health insurance companies exist at all. My understanding is that benefits like healthcare were a means to attract employees by increasing their compensation without giving them cash per se. I don't know all the one and outs, but that is my understanding of the actual origin. Of course, like anything, it then evolved. I am absolutely sure that the weather actively attracts homeless individuals, some of whom travel long distances while homeless to take advantage of the dry, temperate weather in some parts of California. There are plenty of circumstances under which it is possible to contribute in a meaningful way to the discussion without reading the article. If you are failing to participate in a good way, no mod hacks can force you to do so. This is a personal issue. You need to find some means to solve it for yourself. Clicking on something doesn't make you read it. Asking the mods to force you to click isn't a cure for what ails you. Your point is irrelevant to whether or not pricing transparency has value for customers. It's like saying that it doesn't matter at all if mechanics provide pricing transparency because you could break down in the middle of nowhere in the desert somewhere, and then what good does that do you? I am really not clear what your point is. But here are my "sources," fwiw: I had a class in Homelessness and Public Policy from SFSU some years ago. I lived in California a total of 12 it 13 years, iirc. Five and half of those were as a homeless person. I am author of the blog the San Diego Homeless Survival Guide, which means I hear from both homeless individuals and reporters periodically. I still participate on a homeless discussion forum where it is not uncommon for people to ask where they should move to as a homeless person. I traveled from Georgia to San Diego as a homeless person. I went there in part for the dry, temperate weather. I recently got off the street in part by traveling to someplace cheaper. It is much wetter here than the places I lived while homeless. Nonetheless, it is a relatively temperate part of Washington and seems to attract a lot of homeless. I am fairly confident the relatively temperate weather is a factor. I did not say it accounts for a majority of homeless Californians. If it accounts for even 5 percent, that would be a lot of people. Your figure of 10 percent coming from out of state actually supports my assertion that homeless people actually travel to California while homeless. The only thing missing is data as to why they made that decision. While homeless, I wrote a tongue in cheek piece about me fantasizing about becoming a provider of affordable housing. I concluded no one would sing my praises for that. Instead, I would be labeled a slumlord. You can't accomplish anything in this life without being hated for it. https://www.ribbonfarm.com/2009/10/07/the-gervais-principle-... Specifically this section: https://www.ribbonfarm.com/2010/04/14/the-gervais-principle-... Your development is arrested by your strengths, not your weaknesses. Arrested-development behavior is caused by a strength-based addiction