Uh, no. Computing is the absolute opposite of security. Doubly so for anything networked. If you want to take anything secure, and make it unsecure, simply transform it from paper, and put it on a computer. Bam! Paper is millions of times more secure than a computer. No piece of software is ever, ever secure. There are always, literally always thousands and thousands of hardware, and software vulnerabilities just waiting to be exploited. Compared to any form of computerized voting, ballots are insanely secure. But what you're missing here is process. Paper voting has been around for a very, very long time. Process is well established, very simple to do, but it seems the US is always changing how to count, how to tally, and more. But, to pause and take a step back ... I'm not sure how you think adding a computer to the mix, improves auditing. The entire point of a voting system, is that your vote remains anonymous. Therefore, the device or method that records your vote? Must not ever ever be assigned to you. And this also includes any form of anonymization. This has also been handled for a very, very long time. Again, by process. I wonder, how many years have you (or others advocating a computer inserted into the voting process), studied in depth the chain of trust used with paper ballots? Or precisely how ballots are counted? Or, even months? Weeks? All I know is that when I researched paper ballots here in Canada, every aspect I could think of was covered. And that's what you'd expect, from a voting process that evolved over literally hundreds of years, with deep thought put into each voting cycle. Again, you're missing the key here. Process. And current paper process includes audibility, security, and more. Done correctly, it is insanely difficult to swap out an election box. Where would you do it? At the polling station, where members from ALL political parties are present? Volunteers are present too. All together watch the voting process, following through to opening the ballot box, and performing the initial count. https://www.elections.ca/content.aspx?section=vot&dir=faq&do... How, then, are election boxes to be secretly swapped? On top of this, all ballots are serialized. Each voting station has multiple voting boxes. Voting boxes are sealed. How are you going to compromise them? What I find astonishing, is how intensely some people seem to want to use computing for everything. Paper ballots, and the process used to employ them, are incredibly secure. Incredibly. Its a problem that absolutely, positively does not need to be solved. At all. Yet people are consistently working very diligently to do so, and the only real reason for that is one. Profit. And we don't need that motive in an election counting process. As others have mentioned, we only currently have one data point on this. However... Google is well known for terrible customer support. And if you think of it, it makes sense. After all, if you can server 100M users via an automated support systems and only 0.01% have issues a year, it's probably far, far cheaper to just drop those "problem" users, than hire thousands of customer support persons. Note: just threw the above numbers out, but you get the gist. EDIT: Speaking of algorithms, I wonder if the OP was below some adsense fiscal threshold of 'it's worth it to intercede here with a level 4 manager' or some blather. https://farmingfirst.org/2011/01/selenium-fortified-fertiliz... Apparently Finland made it mandatory, and it worked. It's a rough in, I guess. Site has spelling errors, you sign in with linkedin.. but, you still have to enter all your details (job experience, skills, etc). There's no way to change your email address, or delete your account. When you click on 'contact', you have to use email.. they don't have a build in messaging app. I'm guessing it's very much a work in progress. Which is fine, but ... not for me yet. Good grief! Thank you for the heads up, I'll make sure to steer completely clear of Samsung TVs, at a minimum. I don't believe they actually hunt them, but in reality are protecting their eggs. Mice/rats/etc LOVE eggs. Chickens (and all birds) know this. As ground layers, they're surely protective of their eggs from mice. As others have said, in this thread, there are a lot of mixed issues in this article. Living a nomad/traveling lifestyle =! remote work. Loads of people remote-work from home, but change nothing else in their lifestyle. I've been working remotely my entire life. 30+ years now. One thing that is key, is looking at the blue sky . Being outside occasionally. You will note that the article talks about work/life balance, about working a lot, working long hours. And after months and months, become more and more depressed. What I suspect is happening is, winter! Shorter days! With shorter days, it is harder and harder to find sunlight when you just happen to wander outside. In the summer, at least where I am, daylight lives from 4am to 10pm. I doesn't matter when I wake up, or when I go to sleep.. if I wander out just once, there's almost always light. Further, there's a much better chance of good weather. In the winter, if it isn't night, it's often cloudy, and therefore darker. Unless you work away from all windows, this affects the type of light, even when working inside. On top of all that, in the winter it is more often unpleasant. You think with glee, it's cool/cold, raining/snowing, and I work remote! I don't have to go out into that! Yet, this is a trap, for going out in that is key to your health... just for the light! My point in all of the above is -- when you work on site, you have to go outside, and transit outside, to and from work. This gets in that vital light, even often in the winter. It's about the light, it's about blue light from a blue sky, it's about being outside. That's what 30+ years of remote work has taught me. Just had to chime in here, but fifteen+ years ago, Bezo's email was ombudsman like, with him or a top level person reading it. Now, it's just another level of very poor, very scripted support. I'm fairly sure Amazon has taken the (perhaps wise, in a business sense) approach of not caring if a small percentage of users leave, due to support issues. The cost of keeping customers with certain support issues, greatly outweighing supporting them. This is why you have to hunt madly around Amazon's webpage to find contact info, why all forms of help point away from contacting a person, including their chat being bots now, until you move outside of their scripts. Think indeed. Lie once, lie always. Honesty is imperative for a public trust. Now, what do you think the crazy anti-vaxxers will say, next time they're told to trust the CDC, and other public bodies, and that vaccination is safe, and makes sense? When a vaccine is created, perhaps, for this virus? Now it is easier to convince others that the truth is concealed. That lies abound. Any medical official should lose their license, for spreading quackery. That's actually untrue. FYI -- use Debian almost exclusively, been doing so for 20+ years and love it. (Well mostly, the last 5-7 years have been rough though.) What Debian provides, is security updates for 1 year after the next stable release. That's it. '5 years' is via LTS is volunteer support, provided by corporate and private donations, via a corporation in France. Their goal is to extend Debian oldstable's lifespan. The entire process is absolutely not the same as updates when running Debian stable. For example, due to its volunteer nature, companies get to decide where they 'put their money'. What packages are prioritized. Rare / unused packages may never be addressed, depending upon funding. Use PHP? Apache? The Linux Kernel? Sure, you'll see updates! Use rare package $x, and that may not happen, even though Debian Security would handle it. I can also tell you via experience, that QA is not quite as good as Debian proper. Still, is it a good thing? Sure! Is it managed by the Debian security team, 100% embracing all of its methods, and so on? NO. I felt it is important for you (and others) to know this. It's not as stable as Debian, not managed by Debian, and should ONLY be used as a stop-gap. You want stable? Stay on Debian managed security updates! I don't quite understand the narrative I keep seeing lately. To start with, at least in my country (Canada), the narrative has never, ever been to 'stop transmission of the virus'. Ever. EG, the narrative has never been to 'stop people from getting it'. (NOTE: I'm talking about responses from official government officials, not blather in blogs, media, etc) The only point for the lockdown, was/is to slow down the transmission of the virus, so that hospitals would not be overwhelmed. In other words, as everyone , literally everyone catches it, that those which have a worst-outcome, have the best treatment possible. That's it. There's no attempt, or hope, or plan in the lockdown, to stop people from getting the virus. At all. In this context, the lockdown is not to 'save lives', in the sense of 'people won't get it, and be safe'. So, when the hospitals aren't overwhelmed, when it has been shown that the virus isn't quite as deadly as thought to some, it is entirely logical, and sensible, to open up. And to that end, it is entirely logical and sensible to insist people return to work. Because unless people become complete and total hermits for years, they'll get it... One side note here. I've done a bit of research, and two things stand out: - Italy, hit bad - New York, hit bad - Montreal, certain sectors, hit bad After a bit of research, I've concluded that one of the high-risk factors is sickle cell anemia. Something tha is VERY common in blacks from Africa, as it does help protect against malaria. Yet guess what other population group is pre-dispositioned to it? Italians. Due to the Roman Empire's control of Africa. https://www.sicklecellsociety.org/resource/sickle-cell-anemi... https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7365760 Who has a large Italian, and Black population? New York. The sectors in Montreal hard hit. Also note that the Italian population in New York is self reporting , so I suspect the numbers are higher (eg, grandpa was Italian, etc). Hind sight is a wonderful thing, I would never chastise our governments for locking down, based upon what was happening in Italy. However, combine its aged population AND sickle cell anemia, and ho boy... no wonder! Now transpose that to the average population in North America. Not quite the same. Lastly, Ontario/Quebec... have repeatedly stated that there will be a 'second and third' wave. That even if things ebb and stop, soon as the fall comes? It will likely reappear. I think ... I think it is logical to be concerned for one's safety, but I often look at our ancestors and compared, and I find us wanting. Pre-widespream vaccination (even in the 50s), before many vaccines had been developed, people would think us bananas worrying about all these deaths. They'd put on masks maybe, but.. so many people died due to childhood and adult viruses. Even the idea that falling off a ladder, could kill you simply because at one time antibiotics couldn't help if you had even small amounts of internal infection/bleeding. Sulfa drugs just didn't cut it. Yet... compared to that lifestyle, we're insanely pampered. But beyond all this? Unless we reopen, we'll all starve and die of other, massive issues. Want food? You need 1000 little things, all produced by 1000s of industries. Parts for machines, additives, chemicals, transport, and all of that depending upon more and more of our infrastructure and production. Try to trace, for example, a steel cog for a machine. Or, a chemical used. You'll find dependencies on dozens of industries / other products, which all depend on OTHER products and industries, on and on. It's all interconnected. That's how we operate, and there's on way around it.. because no matter what? PEOPLE CURRENTLY HAVE TO WORK TO MAKE FOOD. Medicine. Houses. Governments are opening up, because THEY HAVE NO CHOICE. The retirement home mess is... beyond tragic. Your info is interesting. I'm in Luskville (just West of Gatineau, a quick 15 minute drive to Ottawa). I've been running my own consultant business for 20+ years, and mostly remote. Like you and your wife, I am lucky. I still have my income, and in my case I live on a 1 acre rural lot. Almost nothing has changed in my life, even trips to my (remote) grocery store, at worst, tend to have a 2 minute wait to get in. One thing here ; I don't have cable. I don't read Google News, or News websites. It's been... well, a decade since I've even seen more than a glimpse of a 24 hours news channel. I've checked a few news websites, but I wonder how I'd be thinking, if I too was 80, probably not extremely mobile, bored, and watching some/a lot of news. Maybe the real virus, is the News. FYI, your profile link points to an old URL for your website.. Quite. An example, is buying a house.. and rent pricing reflects purchase price. If you buy and pay off a house, you have "spent" that salary in both locations. However, when you retire, you have property worth a LOT more in SV. So while the "take home" pay, after expenses is the same with 150/400, the equity is massively different. What makes more sense, is it is a fabrication, a story for twitter clickbait. Just because WeChat does numerous, dislikable things, doesn't mean they monitor passwords. Or did this. Are they? Or, are the viewpoints of those in Westwrn nations more diverse? In the "old days", opinion was often formed by highly controlled sources, compared to internet standards. TV, radio, newspapers, magazines were created entirely from within (for example) the US, with strong editorial control. Now, one person with a divergent view can spread said view nation wide, regardless of from where they hail. So, I contend that views are more divergent now, more varied. And with that, comes a greater difficulty in crafting laws which "almost all" agree with. How do you support the will of the people, when there is no collective will? Entering an unlocked house, in many common law jurisdictions, is tresspass at best. Picking a lock falls into break and enter, regardless of the name of the charge. Windows, and even walls offer little security in modern houses too! I can literally punch my way through vinyl siding, with chipboard under that, through to drywall. There's no universal 'common law'. Each jurisdiction has its own, diverged "branch" of common-law, each with its own peculiarities. Primarily, based upon its history. And as the legislative branch passes laws, they effect the power of, modify the scope of, or render inert many such judicial decisions. This is why I said "many common law jurisdictions', not just 'common law'. One vital part of common law, is intent. A door with a lock on it? And you pick it / disable it? It is going to be exceptionally difficult to prove benign intent here. An unlocked door? Well... Are your friends 'breaking and entering' by opening the door and walking in? Again, intent here... Did you knock, and "thought you heard something"? Again, intent. There have been many court cases, but as an example, for a while, in Ontario, Canada, it was common for police to knock at the door, and simply enter saying "Oh, I knocked.. but no one heard me." I kid you not. But let's take a step back here, and give you an example as to why this becomes more difficult with an unlocked door. Part of the issue here is, many houses have a covered, 'cold room' prior to the house proper. Yet, this is still part of the house . It has a roof and walls, a door. It is simply part of the house. In many colder climates, you enter this area. This is fully expected. You're now sheltered, but it isn't heated. When the owner opens the "door proper", blowing snow and wind won't enter their house. Ergo, to knock, you must approach the "real door" of the house, inside this room, and knock. It is also not immediately clear if the "very outside door" you are accessing, is a cold room, or the actual door of the house. How do you discover one way or the other? Why you open the door, and enter! Intent is primary here. Entry into an unlocked house does not prove intent, as there is no 'forced entry'. One thing ; in Canada, the police lay charges. A person need not even make a complaint, for the police to act. Nor does a person insisting that the police not charge someone, indicate this will happen! An example here ; the police discover assault of some form. They only need evidence, not willingness to 'charge'. Now take this legal position, and assign it to people entering houses. Your friend enters your house, as he always does, without even knocking. According to you, that's 'break and enter', yes? What differentiates here? Why, intent of course! Intent is primary, and a locked door creates a very strong validation of intent. An unlocked? Zero validation. I am always looking for a better editing experience, who knows what I might be missing. Yet, after visiting Goyo's github, reading the README, looking about, I still have zero idea what this plugin does. How/what is made distraction free, by this plugin? How is vim distracting prior to its use? A shout out to all, in a thread where the word umwelt is used... actually explain to others, what your code is actually for. Not just some marketish, slogany statement such as "Distraction-free writing in Vim". (Some might say, hey.. just look at the code. Naw. I have better things to do, than delve that far into a whim. I don't have the time. Literally, not to spend on all the quick looks I might take as such links. Say what your stuff is, people. Don't make it a mystery...) Abnry, may I ask, what you use this plugin for? And yet none speak for punternet. Even wikipedia doesn't mention it here: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Punter Yet, in the 300 baud days, before PC clones became numerous, when the C64 was the most sold PC on the planet, PunterBBS, and PunterNET was worldwide. I ran such a BBS, on a C64 with two of these: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commodore_1571 At the time, punternet offered everything fidonet did. But... time passes.... This is exceptionally important to mention, too. Imagine "doing the right thing", and then people lamblasting you, upset at you, and even actively working against you. "It's shameful that we - as cartographers of the world - don't take enough interest to even know where they are. People are living and dying without appearing on any database." I know. Context. Context . There's nothing wrong with the above, with last sentence in context. But that last sentence makes me cringe, these days. The thought! The very thought that a human being may be anonymous, not counted, not known, not measured, watched, their every whim calculated and predicatively known, their essence stored for the ages. A human! Look, over there! A human, and.. and... it's not in our database! YOUR NAME, NOW! YOUR ID, NOW! Who are you? What is your precise address? Who were your parents? Where do you bank, work, live? Write all your friends down on this piece of paper, everything you ever read or do, NOW! In other contexts, in other paragraphs, that same sentence would be uttered by Gollum archetypes at Facebook, Google, the CIA/NSA/etc, well.. essentially, everywhere. The horror for them. Gollum, writhing at the thought, horror on his face: "People are living and dying without appearing on any database." How can this be?! HOW! Not tracked?! All those that wish to profit, or mistakenly believe knowing when we take a dump, will "make them safe". Watch. Watch, spy, sneak, slither, control. Get the precious, hold it close, data is the new gold, the new devil, the new evil. And they covet it. All those little gollums, writhing their hands, wanting their precious, their precious data. shudder ROTFL, enter nest seeking drone. A small, low powered device with solar panels gets auto-clamped a few feet from nest. For the first few weeks of life, baby birds hear your tune, driving it deep into their very essence of self. I am bird, ergo I sing this. I'm a Canuck, but it is no secret how close our two countries, our peoples are. Some of us point and scoff, but these are the same sort which laugh when someone stubs their toe. Buffoons, they are. The lion's share of us watch, concerned. Not just for ourselves, and of what might come from utter chaos to the south. We are legitimatley concerned for what we view as family. I personally feel as if I am watching a beloved sibling, mess up their life for incomprehensible reasons. You want to help, you want to intervene, stop the pain.. but you feel that it may only make things worse. After all, how can you help, when you can't even understand? I agree with what you said, the media is broken. I can think of some fixes, like a constant "this is not news, but an opinion piece" banner or some such, but I doubt that will really help. It does seem to me, that a tiny, tiny percentage of the population is causing a HUGE disruption for almost everyone else. I mean tiny , a core of 0.001%, with all sorts of others "hanging on". While the issues raised have some legitimacy, the media has thrown gas on the fire, and in a way which reduces chances for either side to resolve things. Instead, we get, as you elude to, absurd, useless theatre. Nice link, great info, thanks. Will you force them with a gun? To forgo all friends, family, comforts of home, and be literally trapped at work for months? Money doesn't just buy people. You'd essentially be drafting them. Still is. No response as well. Interesting. (Another point of data .. I've emailed them in the past, over bugs/issues with their site. Zero response.) I think their answer was fair. From my perspective, in their shoes.. it wouldn't just be seniority/skill/desire to hire. I'd also try to gauge the person in question. An example... For years I've done, and supported, remote. One of my clients had an issue with an employee working remote. They simply wanted raw info on what was happening, why this employee had 'degraded' performance wise. So during a normal maintenance trip.. they asked me to keep my eyes open. I did, and things were immediately clear. The 'remote work' space of this employee, was strewn with toys, had a crib in it, and while we were in our meeting, had 10+ interruptions from spouse, mother-in-law, and kids. In other words, how do you get any real work done, when you're literally watching the kids, and pestered every 5 minutes? Bear in mind, this level of interruption was happening when we were in a meeting . Imagine the scenario, when no one was visiting? One of the most essential things in making remote "work", is an understanding by others in the remote location. Just because you can see a person, does not mean they are available to be talked to, or to do chores, or 'watch the kids'... especially pre-schoolers. So why all the above blather? Well, I'd suspect they'd be trying to figure out what one's short term (during covid) and long term remote work environment would be like. If you have a segregated, separate work space at home, if your SO and kids know to "leave you alone!" when at "work", if you don't think working from home means "I can help out at home, while working"... Well, then I'd probably be OK with more perm remote work. That's just my 2 cents, and probably why there are no specifics. Variability like this, is what makes you hire an employee, or not. But... if I cannot describe it as a buzz word on my resume, clearly it is worthless. Often I try to help sites with more generic, borked issues. Your comment about "Oh boy, will they tell you" brought one to the fore. I sent the following to a site. Do you think I received a response? A reply? Either they don't actually read emails from customers, or they employ a person which became 'confused', and their eyes glazed over, once they failed to understand the message. (Note that I sent to about 5 email addresses. The one sent after I purchased the pillow, a website info, whois email addresses, and even took 2 minutes to find the CEO email address. Yup. No response from any of them. And more than 18 months later (I just checked), the SPF record remains unchanged.) I wonder. While metrics may be helpful, I wonder how many only pay attention to metrics, and then ignore emails such as mine. -- Hello, I'm terribly sorry, but unfortunately you've sold a pillow to a SysAdmin. And now that you've done something wrong "with computers", I'm going to prattle on whilst your eyes glaze over. :P But in all seriousness, I recently ordered a pillow from you. Yet your confirmation email bounced! Here's why: May 13 07:10:54 XXX postfix/smtpd[32163]: NOQUEUE: milter-reject: RCPT from smtp2.shopify.com[104.198.207.207]: 551 5.7.1 SPF verification failure: sender host 'smtp2.shopify.com'[104.198.207.207] not among explicitly allowed origin hosts for domain 'canadiandownandfeather.com', and misses are forbidden; REJECT; from= to= proto=ESMTP helo= What's happening, is your SPF record does not list Shopify email servers, as valid for your domain name canadiandownandfeather.com... You do have outlook.com there: canadiandownandfeather.com. 300 IN TXT "v=spf1 include:spf.protection.outlook.com -all" But not Shopify. If fact, the "-all" part at the end means "and nothing else can send mail!". So, as you are telling people that outlook is the only acceptable place to send mail from? Until you fix this: - some mail server servers, like mine, will completely reject your mail from shopify's platform - almost all remaining mail servers, will place this type of mail in SPAM folders I must stress, that due to your 'outlook' line, normal email should work perfectly fine. We're only talking about email, using your domain, but from shopify's platform. If you go here: https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/intro-to-shopify/initial-... And search for "SPF record", you'll see this: -- To verify your customer email address, you need to add Shopify's SPF record — v=spf1 include:shops.shopify.com ~all — to the TXT record in your custom domain settings. -- Now.. you want to KEEP your outlook domain too. So, just add "include:shops.shopify.com" to your TXT record, so both are there.. something like this: "v=spf1 include:shops.shopify.com include:spf.protection.outlook.com -all" Do this, and your problem should be fixed. You can go here: https://mxtoolbox.com/SuperTool.aspx?action=spf%3acanadiando... And check if things are done correctly. -- While I know why you say this, I find it matters little. I've started emails off with (very close to): "NOTE: this is a technical issue. You may not understand it. Please forward to a technical person", with a lot of variety on that line. These too garner little response. I've started out with problem first, then tech info. It seems to matter little, and my humour via that first line, was an attempt to amuse non-technical types into reading further. I must have concocted > 100 over the years. Perhaps 10% responded, regardless of the layout or form of the email. Even 10% is generous. The reality? Anything technical, no matter how presented, is too confusing for many. I get it, please see my other response. RE: random bash commands. Part of the reason I linked shopify's SPF page to them -- an attempt to provide external validation. But I get it. Which is why, as I mention in that other response, it doesn't matter what I send. Even pleas to forward to a technical person = ignored. (I bet lots of tech people get forwarded all sorts of crap that IS a scam, so yell "DON'T FORWARD THIS STUFF TO ME".) In fact, I have even called some places. One started screaming at me. I'm guessing some phone scam "got them", and therefore equated me to the same. What can you do? I mean, seriously? Ah yes. Which is only sometimes responded to, and if so, with a "Check your SPAM folder" email. If you respond to that without technical data, then you're basically saying "No, I did not receive it", and their response is "Your gmail lost it" (because mail = gmail). The problem is that emails sent with "I didn't get the confirm email" are immediately thought to be "user error". And you know what? 99.9999% of the time, they surely are. Bad email providers, lost in SPAM folders, even missed in INBOX. So if you don't include tech info, you're stuck in this category, else many exchanges back and forth . Because once I then respond with technical info? You get the same glassy-eyed type of incomprehension, with often zero response. Or a response that invites another 5 back and forths, with the other side upset, because now they feel ignorant. I feel there really is no proper answer here... except, I still have to try. :P I still don't get night driving + rural. In the city, there is a lot of light. It's not really ever truly dark. In rural areas, on a dark night, especially with no moon, your eyes can adjust to the darkness... I tend to turn all light off inside my car when driving rural at night. That won't work though, if you have a massive, huge LCD with backlight constantly throwing white light at your eyes. Worse is if it 'shuts off', then you do something (change radio channel/interact) and blinding light smashes into your eyes. An OLED would help. A 'red only' theme would be even better. Smaller displays better beyond that. I get that Tesla rethought auto design. That's cool. But it seems like it only rethought from a very urban, perfect-eyesight, 20 something perspective. I still don't like any internal light, and a white blacklight seems... silly. Even if dimmed down, it's still there. (I have owned cars with LCDs before, and it's annoying if I can't completely shut them off). OLED would at least have no backlight. How about the elephant in the room? Radio firmwares. It is meaningless if you install firewalls, if you compile android on your own, only to have to turn around and use proprietary, closed source libs to access proprotary, closed source radio firmwares. Radio firmwares which often have full RAM access, parallel CPU control, GPS and full hardware access, and make intel's management engine, and closed source bioses look sane in comparison. On my samsung phone, I often wonder what the radio firmware might be phoning home about. And how that may be exploited down the road... But then I "do something", and the screen comes blasting to life, blinding me, destroying my night vision. And what about my dometers? Speed, o? In a traditional car, my eyes adjust, and I can read them without additional light. At least an oled could maybe be themed to have tiny, red dometers... and being oled, no backlight... It still leaves the issue that one has to turn their head to see it... but, better than nothing.... http://geraldholmes.freeyellow.com/ (I found this immensely amusing 20 years ago, and mirrored/restored this a decade ago, finding images from multiple wayback snapshots... ) http://l8r.net/geraldholmes.freeyellow.com/ I know Samsung snarfs everything it can from my phone. I know it wants more. I know money is key, and even pulling some info... GPS, sensors, etc is helpful. And with full control of the OS, of where kernel modules memory space is assigned, you'd only have to scan certain buffer regions of memory, to snarf contents of buffers, etc. The problem is, I don't know , and can't. It's not open source. It is not under my control. I personally don't care about paying, but I do about seeing. Not to mention, unexpected hurdles (the pesky public) got in the way. He did his part, and should be compensated... at least, that could be the logic. A couple of things... We all have different sensitivities here. All our eyes are different. Mayhap, I'm more sensitive to dim light, more distracted, etc. Whatever the case... I've modified many cars I've bought, to allow me to completely turn off all internal back-lighting on all controls. I don't want a light glow on my traditional speedometer. My radio analog controls, door lock button, and other controls to have ANY lighting. It's annoying, distracting, and I don't want it. So considering this, imagine how annoying I find a massive LCD with any backlight . Even the dimmest backlight is many times brighter than a turned down analog backlight on classic style car displays, buttons, knobs, etc. My beef here is threefold. 1) Why on Earth is my speedometer to the right, so I have to turn my head to see it. Why is the speedometer not always there? 2) Why is it on a display that always has glowing light, or I can't see it. NOTE: yes, I can see a traditional car speedometer with only starlight/moonlight. No, I'm not mistaken, yes I can.. so says 32 years of driving. 3) Oh, I wanted to try a Tesla. But where? Where would I do that? Even when they had dealerships, which they've closed most of, there aren't many in my region. There's a whole ball of 'Tesla is still in its silly stage', such as not having anyone within 500km who can fix my car, not being able to buy parts, local dealers not being able to fix them, and the absurdity of thinking roving repair shops can fix a car at -40C, in the middle of an ice-bound street, during snow storms... But beyond that, I actually was in California and thought "Why not make their job easy, I'll test drive one here!" Nope. Sorry. Was flatly told no, as I didn't have California drivers license. I explained several times that I was on vacation, but the mantra was that "I can't buy local, so I can't test drive local." Of course, this isn't germane, but you did poke the whole "just try it" into my face.. so I had to respond. ;P If I was paranoid, I'd say those devices are developed just to get the most paranoid to use them. :P But in truth, I'm not paranoid.. merely a realist. Regardless, I was thinking of buying a Librem, but can you even get one yet? It always says "6 months to delivery". It'd be a nightmare to maintain, as Firefox devs inexplicably and randomly rename config names, sometimes modify their purpose, or just plain remove them. A bit akin to the difference between an engineer amd mechanic? Some sitcoms use laugh/fake audience tracks, and some people hate those too. I think parent should have used 'formal', as there are still different writing styles. Formal, business, intimate, friend, etc. Many do find emoticons inappropriate in some formats... Well... "free" has been used like this for thousands of years. Traders/merchants spouting free this or that, like a car dealer giving free oil changes, or midas with a free inspection. Nothing is free. Ever. What's changed is you personally know this now. Many still fall for this, and there are always more humans to be scammed. Bear in mind, most of humanity can't read. Are not really literate. The UN's definition of literacy, is reading at a grade 6 level. Not how you read in 6th grade, but whatever lets a 6th grader, make it to 7th grade. Can someone read a stop sign, do not enter sign? That's pretty much 'literate'. While street smarts exist, bear in mind how many 'stupids' exist... So yup.. lots of fresh pigeons. Outside of the parent's offensive sexist, and racist 'Karen' statement... I really don't think people have perspective these days. You think this is the era of officious busybodies?! Seriously? It's just that these days, things aren't covered up. Or, are seen more due to the Internet. For example, you think cops are MORE violent now? MORE racist? HELL NO! No, no, no! They're MUCH better than they were. Much. All of that needs to be stopped, of course, there's zero call for it. However in the past, you wouldn't even hear of it. A black man would be beaten to death, and it wouldn't even make the news! Go find an older black gentleman from rural Alabama from the 50s, and ask him some questions. Compare that, and police treatment, to now. So with respect to 'busybodies', I think you need to think back to small town American (and Canada, where I'm from), a mere 50 years ago. Canada is pretty much atheist now, and the US certainly is, compared to back then. And along with all that religious baggage, came the 'holier than thou' lot. Said lot would always work to dominate committees, town councils, you name it. Religious groups would constantly rail on TV series, movies, even newspaper comics like the 'Far Side' would get hate mail, over crazy silly supposed slights. The media was controlled, out of fear of retribution. Oh no, nothing you complain about now even remotely compares to that. And while I say "You literally, clearly, have no idea.".. don't feel bad. Feel lucky you don't. Canadian cities have suburbia, and public transit. Many have buses on main streets, which are typically a 2 or 3 block walk from side streets. Suburbia doesn't mean "have to have a car", it is just many like having cars. This sort of speaks to the prior poster, stating that many here are from big cities. Suburbia isn't low-density. It's only low-density compared to 'downtown'. Try living in actual, real rural areas. Where I live, houses are a mile apart! Yet bizarrely, we have fire stations, police, high speed gigabit internet, and more. And it isn't super expensive either. Note that they have a say in what you do with your land, too. Is it OK for someone to buy the house next door, and build a cafe? What about a night club, which has loud music and closes at 4am? How about a rendering plant? Or installing a large propane storage facility? Is there nothing you'd consider unsafe, unwanted, beside the house you just paid $500k for? Which is now worth $200k, and makes it horrid to live there? These laws, like all laws, are necessary. Where the problem sits, is when they go too far, or not far enough. There is a sweet spot for everything! The problem is, people used to have non-gender, non-racial terms for people. For example, a person might be called an 'asshole' or 'bonehead', and this could be a person of any colour, any sex, age, etc. Yet now, it seems all sorts are labeling people based upon sex, colour, ethnic background, etc. It is, quite literally, the definition of sexual, racial, age discrimination. It is linking "external characteristic" with "way a person acts". I don't care what anyone's political stance is, but if you are using terms like 'Karen', you are 100% contributing to sexism, racism, etc. Just call someone what they are. "Asshole" has worked fine for millennia. I think what you're describing is a lack of public transit, not the impossibility of it. And I'm not 100% sure why 1/2 the space would be parking, this seems like a fairly large exaggeration. More likely lots of the space, was lawn? Space between houses? I've lived in lots of cities where minimum lot size was an acre, which is 200x200ft. Public transit all around, grocery stores all in walking distance (few blocks at most), with loads of corner stores, etc. I think that as I mentioned in another comment, zoning laws are important. Too much? Too little? It becomes broken. But for example, large-scale developers typically can't build here, without dedicating some space to park, to retail, without making an actual community out of the place. And people in most rural areas I've lived, typically aren't bad off for it. This may be a cultural thing, or a historical thing such as, how cities were build, and therefore, how they are now. edit: An added thought here.... when I visited the US, I noticed that a lot of grocery stores were often larger. I've seen some where it's literally a few minutes to walk end to end, when inside. Maybe this is the difference? Most of the grocery stores here are smaller. Maybe we just have smaller grocery stores, but more of them? Unless a 'Karen' can be an elderly aging Asian man, it's sexist, ageish and racist. Here's a few other such terms: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ethnic_slurs A lot of these terms link specific behaviour, to specific ethnic/sex/cultural groups. I guess they're OK too? I find it utterly disgusting, that some people think some things are 'one way'. That racism is OK, but only "one way". Sexism is OK, but only against men. The list goes on. Let's see how long you last, if you see a lazy black person (they exist, like lazy people exist everywhere)... and you spout out "Bluegum!" Is that OK? No? Then why is it OK with 'Karen'? You'd don't cure social ills by creating more of them. "An eye for an eye, leaves the whole world blind." is highly accurate, I think. https://www.dictionary.com/e/slang/karen/ https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Karen Maybe you're seen this. I haven't, and many people seem to have the specific definitions listed above. This seems wrong to me. I very purposefully position my monitor so that my main console window is viewed, with my head level. It is also horizontally centred on the mid-left of that console. This is because most text, eg bash work, vi of files or code, rests there. In this way, my head is not tilted down, or eyes tilted down constantly. My head is mostly centred, and looking straight ahead. I find that elsewise, my body follows the constant downward look, either slouching or the neck bent forwards. Why do you belief your monitor should be positioned, so you are looking downward constantly? For me, constantly looking downward causes neck strain. Hence the top of the monitor being at eye level, is problematic. I think the best scenario is most-often level. I wonder, I grew up before laptops and smartphones. These often result is down-gazing a lot. Hmm. Amazon does not care, and various reports have shown them actively suggesting it at times. All Amazon cares about is sales. Nothing else. What a weird assertion, when you link to an article that asserts something entirely different. The above NPR, states that a Karen is a new label, started in the 2010s (which is just last year, even). It also shows how the Karen label is different from other, prior labels. It delineates how a Becky is different, a "Miss Ann" is different. We've historically had labels like this for people, which are racially linked. But this is 2020, this is a NEW label, and other NEW labels keep popping up. We need to collectively STOP this. No more racist, sexist, ageist, anything-ist labels. It's all wrong. (Not saying you were defending label use... just clarifying my position) Unless.... They are sending these seeds to many people in the US, aka PRC supporters. Or even those pressured to do their work. And they simply got the address wrong, a few times out of thousands. Invasive species can destroy an economy. Devastate it. I'm not saying the PRC is doing this, but if I was trying to harm the US.. I'd do all sorts of evil things like this. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ethnic_slurs Slurs are not new. And as I mentioned, what you showed were not Karens, but 'white women who act poorly in certain ways'. "Kaben" has unique connotations, a specific meaning. While I agree that "white women have had slurs" before 'Karen', I'm going to have to disagree that it's germane here. The real problem is, people are deploying dozens of different coding languages, any technology that whimsically passes by, and replacing simple, streamlined monolith technology with 100 micro services. All of this is endlessly pushed by AWS, Google, Docker, and anyone else with a foot in the "Snag as much cash from DEVs" crowd. Other old timers will explain how they ran thousands of hits/second on 6 or 7 bare metal servers, 15 years ago, without CDNs, using LAMP, ajax/js frontends, and more. The key was code optimization, SQL queries without inane and poorly written MVC SQL logic, and the list goes on. I am relentlessly gobsmacked at how people are spending quite literally 100 to 1000 times the cash to host on AWS, using microservices. And often amused how new devs just can't get it through their head, that yes, this is 100% factually true. Docker replaced something that was already done ; identical PROD and DEV environments. All DEVs I had working with me, were issued VMs with 100% replicated PROD. VMs auto-build using debootstrap + SVN checkout. Rollbacks in prod? Handled by SVN rollbacks. When I look at the insane complexity being displayed by containers on top of VMs on top of baremetal, the MASSIVE loss in performance (yup, it's there.. especially for IO)... I just don't get it. Many DEVs have all been sold a pack of complete and total lies. I get called in again, and again by clients to reduce cost, optimize resource usage. I literally bring 1000x performance boosts to the SQL layer with minimal improvements. Anyhow. Yes, this was a rant. Sorry it's a reply to you specifically. Yes, but... Now one worries, is this itself a test? Are they judging my desire to donate. No, they're watching to see if you're worried about whether they're watching to see if you're engaged in hollow virtue-signalling. :P If by "getting used to it", you mean "experiencing the horror", than sure. I tried it, twice. In both cases, produce was picked by either someone that didn't care, or didn't know how to tell if some food (mellons) were ripe. Even if only poor produce was available, well, I'd have seen, and just not bought it. I received substitutions too, and without permission. Meat was sent with very soon expiry dates. I'd never snag that in person. Same for bread. Online grocery is a no go for me. My local grocer is 10 minutes away, in store time is maybe 20 minutes, including checkout. I get what I want, how I want it, and save money by not having unusable stuff delivered to me. Food isn't like a TV. One orange is not the same as a other. Even bananas... I prefer them almost green, a friend I know, almost rotten. I think my point was, your experiences aren't universal. Yet you're still basing your determination upon yours. Take what you will from mine, but even aside from my two bad experiences, I can't imagine how one gets precisely what they want, via online. I like to tap my melons, touch my tomatoes, and why does this sound like a porno now? :P Anyhow. I think you get my point, my view. I've got yours, eg, you don't care about a personal pick. So the real question is, how many really, really prefer to pick precisely what they want? Obviously for a box of corn flakes, it probably matters little. Sorry for the late reply. Been Saturday busy... I think what you're missing here, is a bit of tongue in cheek. I, too, did not present my case as universal, yet you took effort to point out it wasn't. Tit for tat, and all that... That said! I think you have it a bit reversed here. At least, what I read as you (paraphrased) said is "Do you think people wanting to check product, will shift an industry?" Yet, that question is a bit flawed, as I see it. This is because the industry isn't shifting because a person might want to check a tomato. It's failing to shift. The inertia, the default "People who want to check produce, have always bought in the store." and "Further back, people could only buy in the store." Now, you seem to be under the belief that everyone is buying online. Using home delivery. Not going to the grocery store. Yet when I go to the grocery store? When I visit? You know what I see? People! Lots of people! Take me, for example. I received poor service, and as a result, have not used online grocery shopping. I've gone to the grocery store weekly, as I did prior to COVID. So from where I sit, the industry isn't shifting in my case, it never changed . And from the numbers I see at my grocery store, this seems to be common. And this is because I've always cared. I cared before COVID. I care now. I'll care after. I think you're literally dismissing my experiences as if yours are the universal! Or, if not, as if yours are "clearly what is happening in most cases". Yet I disagree here. Let me put this forward. How many grandparents shop online? I'm not talking about in Palo Alto, but all over the US and Canada? And to answer that, let me mention something. Grocery stores have always offered home delivery, for a small fee. Why did most people not avail themselves of that? Why do you believe online shopping, is so different from phone shopping? Or fax shopping? Both of which always existed. Anyhow. I have a feeling we're not going to agree at all here. This could be a chicken and egg problem, too. Banks lend on statistics, just as insurance companies have rates based upon the same. And insurance companies, for the most part, can assign rates based upon average accident rates, for identifiable traits. Like one's sex. Or where they live (a common way to get statistics without 'race/colour'). So what do I mean by the chicken and the egg, here? Well, imagine that black landowners go bankrupt more often. And sadly, this could be because black landowners go bankrupt more often! If a specific statistical classification indicates more bankruptcy, then it becomes true. For example, bank $a is bold enough to lend to someone whom they view as, statistically, more likely to fail. Then.. a few years later? That person needs a fiscal injection. Were that person not black, it would be easier to get funding at a time of need. However, since that person is? Well, then they get more denials, go bankrupt, and add to the proof that "statistically, more black people go bankrupt". Or as the banks are likely doing it, "the area where people live in". In other words, unless you can make EVERYONE, 100% not deny based upon an statistical models? Race/gender/sexual orientation/sex/where they live, etc, etc? Anyone, like bank $a lending outside of those models, will be lending to people less able to find additional assistance when/if the time comes. Chicken and egg. It's not right, but I view this a little bit like certain regulations, where corporations can't compete against other corporations which 'cut corners', so we have to mandate all corps behave in a certain manner to level the playing field. From the article: Mines in the US and Canada were considered a “good” prospect if they could yield ore with 0.03% uranium. At Shinkolobwe, ores typically yielded 65% uranium. The waste pile of rock deemed too poor quality to bother processing, known as tailings, contained 20% uranium. I'm in Canada, and we have all varieties of this. The 'metal divider, self bag' is a discount / bulk store I go to. Old-style 'casher + bagger' is another. And I've gone to stores with self-checkout, both with and without scales in them. Seems quite varied here, with of course that variance mostly along franchise lines... I think the more you must guard your words, the things you say, watch how you act, and the more you grow up with this as a child? The more restrictive your thoughts may be as an adult. The less 'free wheeling', and therefore, more locked into tight, controlled paths. Further to that, even if the above is not significantly true, there is still the entire "does the work I want to do, the research, threaten PRC dogma in any way?" And worse... "Will the work I do, threaten PRC dogma in the future ." On top of all of that, a reduction of international collaboration with others in the field, and so on. Of course, I could be entirely wrong. But I do think that "restrictive environment" leads to "less creative output", at least in visible output. [flagged] There is nothing wrong with being culturalist, to be so is absolutely not racist. A black, white, etc orphan child raised in communist China, would grow up in the same culture, with the same beliefs. Those that decry 'racist', when one complains about China are indeed the true racists, for they think culture and race = the same thing. Yes, I know why you posted this, I stated as much. You may note that I added "(I assume)", and then asked "Why else". If people flagging your post as off topic, when it isn't, want to respond? Well, they can. In terms of poisoning? Please. Have you looked at the rest of this discussion? From my side of things, I prefer to keep things non-political. To simply state technical fact, and info. Yet when I see a significant divergence from that behaviour, a response is required. Pushing instead of pulling the pen, at least that seems part of it in my case. I've seen people write 'top down', but... Regardless, 'how people write' has typically been designed by righties. Fascists. Oh how they mock us. I've always believed that the pants are almost meaningless, it's the shirts that need to be different daily. So I used to have 8 pairs of pants, 2 colours total. Black and beige. Then, once a year, I'd go buy 2 more pairs of each colour. On a 'bad' year, I'd buy 4 pairs. EG, I'd rotate the worn out, always only having 8 pairs. This persisted until, 20 years later, the company that sold them went bankrupt. As my gut and ass had literally grown to into the form / shape of these pants, drooping and expanding to perfectly fill these specific pants, no other pants I tried seemed even remotely comfortable. Or to even fit well! So I tried to find the company that made them... note, this was very early internet, and I had to go old-school. Finally called the trustees handling the bankruptcy, eventually found out where the pants were made, called them, and? It was in Mexico, and they made custom for a variety of retailers. And none were left, no matter how I begged. Two things: 1) Don't wear the same pants for 20-30 years, while you gain your middle-age gut and ass. Just don't. 2) Always have a pants fallback plan. I'm not sure he even said that . When I look at the medium article, I see this: And when you have [posts] encrypted, there is no way to know what it is. I personally believe government should not allow those types of lies or fraud or child pornography [to be hidden with encryption like WhatsApp or Facebook Messenger]. Note the []? Was this added in by Medium? Gates as an edit after a read-and-OK-to-release? Did Gates have editorial input? Regardless, I believe [] means 'edited afterwards for clarity'. But by whom? I Googled, and found this: https://wccftech.com/bill-gates-hate-encryption/ Yet in this case, there was no hatred of encryption, but picked quotes where he suggested that in one case, if you have the means, the government should be aided .. eg, a murderer. There was another article on hackernews, where many lamented how much the media just spins, takes quotes out of context, basically does whatever it wants to. I wonder, how much of this are we seeing here? (Note, Gates could very much be for back-doored encryption, but my point is, I don't think it's a clear position due to this medium article.. where that stances was in [] and added by someone after...) Use 'verbatim'. It's a drop down option, and it isn't as good as the old + or other operators (deprecated because of Google Plus). For example, with verbatim you can't only + one single thing in a search. Regardless, I basically just always search with verbatim on. Google is mostly useless otherwise. Olli for Prez! So when it is 21C outside, and 24+C inside is close enough. Two analog temp switches will be far more reliable, easier, and adjustable. (I get the fun with an Arduino, but it is hard to beat century old tech) Eh? I run into FBA all the time on .ca. It is rarer than on .com, I agree there, but barely exists seems inaccurate. What does annoy, are all the reshippers which charge sometimes even 10x more for a product. 4x the price is typical. All they do is list a product on .ca, from .com, and wait for an order. Then they buy from .com, receive amd reship. Amazon just seems so shady. Sneaky. As if their entire platform is geared to allow others to deceive. I think you are missing the key point here. This is wan-to, clearly.... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_World_at_the_End_of_Time An example of something I checked, before ordering from .com: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07ZZ3W2H8/ versus: https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/B07ZZ3W2H8/ I've occasionally seen such listings at 10x, but commonly 2x-3x is common (as with this listing, after exchange). You also lose all 'shipped by Amazon' protections, and if the listing at .ca was FBA, you'd have free shipping in .ca. (As a note for .com / US users, Prime membership on .ca does not give any discount when shipping to Canada from .com, as Prime membership is restricted to the .XX property which you buy it on. EG, .ca in my case. Nor does buying a .com prime membership help, for that only gives speed/discounts/free shipping for US addresses. When I travel to the US for the winter, I basically have to axe my .ca prime membership, and buy a .com membership. So as a result, I don't buy yearly memberships. And when I travel to/from, I cancel .ca early, and .com early, upon return. It's not like I order a lot of stuff 3 days before leaving, or while traveling, or the second I arrive. A result of all this is that Amazon loses out on sometimes 4 months of Prime membership, which they would have if it just worked everywhere. One thing, Yahoo and IBM had remote, then one day that perm remote became a nope. Some people are very poor at remote. If too many are thus, it may end. Yes, but... This does nothing to protect against a bad cron job script. The web frontend, and even backend, are not linked to background maintenance tasks. And a field in a DB doesn't prevent a manual DB delete, or api call to a backing store. The real problem here, was a lack of backup testing / restore testing. If you have backups, you MUST manually verify they can be restored, in a desired state. And this means restores MUST be tested every time code changes happen, which effect backups. True, but there are a lot of cheap pulse->tone adapters for just this purpose. Does it matter whether the line card, or you, handles the pulse? Bring back the joy, revel in your antiquties, buy one! I wish could get an overall rational argument FOR UBI, so I could at least debate it. From what I see, it's madness. The economics make zero sense. For example ; Canada. The Federal Government. (All of this speaks of the Federal Government). https://www.canada.ca/en/department-finance/services/publica... 2019 Federal Revenue? $312B. That's from taxes, income from oil, any and all Federal revenue. Now. UBI. Universal Basic Income. That means everyone over 17 gets it , as an example. That also means it must cover the basics. That you can live on it. That's the whole point of UBI, and being "free to choose career paths", and all that other blather. That, to me, means $2k/month. Maybe that will scale, up AND down, depending upon where you live. But let's just go with $2k/month. Or $24k/year. Stats Canada says, out of almost 40M Canadians, around 30M are 18 and older. What's $24k 30M? 720B. So.. the entire Federal Revenue is less than 1/2 of what UBI might cost. Now bear in mind, that there was a deficit* in Canada, about $20B. And there is currently a debt in Canada, of about 1.1T. The GoC will say it's less, 800B, but that's if they 'use assets of 300B and deduct that from actual debt", which is meaningless, because interest on debt is on 1.1T. Right now, 8% of Federal Revenue pays just the interest on that debt. If interest rates go up, say in a year or two.. so goes up that payment. My point is that one year of UBI, would almost DOUBLE the ENTIRE FEDERAL DEBT. A Federal Debt that arose after decades, not one year. If you half UBI? Now it's not basic income, it's just a supplement. And you absolutely, positively can't get that money from taxes. About 25% of people's income is taxed (yes, that's an average), that's gas tax, income tax, federal sales tax, tax on alcohol, and other such things. My point here is, you can't just double the tax. And, the above Federal Revenue? There is a pie chart, just under 50% of Federal Revenue came from personal tax. You could increase taxes on business, but are you going to tax 100% of their profit? Because that still won't cover it. Let's tax the rich you say! Well, most money is invested. For example: https://financialpost.com/executive/posthaste-canadas-3-mill... Note, that's ONLY 8.7 trillion. UBI is 720B for one year . And, what are you going to do? Seize people's real estate? Then what? Sell it again? To whom? Certainly not the people you just seized it from. Are you going to tax ... what? Because, "wealth" is real estate, stocks, companies one owns, land, more. Are you going to seize stocks? Then what? Hold on to them? How does that fund UBI? Are you going to seize companies? Great! Now that software company, valued at 100B, is worth $1, because the original owners are out, and they were the magic, and a government isn't going to be able to run something like that. None of the logic behind UBI seems to make sense to me. I can't see where the cash is coming from. This doesn't even include things like inflation, loss of productivity, or 100 other little things that are "just going to work themselves out". For clarity, all of the above is Federal. There are provincial taxes, budgets, etc. SO when I say '25% of people's income is taxed', that's federal tax . It has nothing to do with first-past-the-post. You can have 10 parties, 100 parties, in fact first past the post is designed for more than two parties. If you have people in 5 parties to vote for in your riding(district?), then first past the post is the only way it works easily! Seldom will one of those 5, get 50.1% of the vote! And why would they? The most popular wins, the people have spoken. Yet, empirically, you're 100% wrong. Canada has both Federal, and Provincial FPTP parliaments. On the Provincial level, new parties appear, and are elected , minority or majority, all the time . Constantly. On the Federal level, things move more slowly. Yet new parties are appear , grow in popularity, and replace older parties . Canada is not only a place of multiple parties, it is a place of constant party renewal. And as a Canuck, I am all too familiar with vote splitting. We have party mergers . Parties that split and form new parties. We know all about strategic voting, but because we have the concept of minority governments, and because we don't vote for who our Prime Minister is, the dynamic changes a bit. FPTP isn't what causes two parties only, it is certain methods of government that do, mayhap combined with FPTP. Yet Canada doesn't really have two dominant parties. Neither provincially, nor federally. For example, the Conservative Party of Canada: - formed from a merger between Progressive Conservative Party - and the Canadian Alliance Of which, the "Canadian Alliance" appeared entirely from grass roots. It started with the Reform Party, where the PC party lost all but two seats, but the new "Reform" party obtained significant seats: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1997_Canadian_federal_election Which then morphed into the Alliance Party: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2000_Canadian_federal_election Which then, after the merger, with what was left of the PCs, formed the minority: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_Canadian_federal_election And then formed the government: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_Canadian_federal_election It should be noted that the merger between the older PC party, and the reform/alliance party was with the Alliance party at massive strength, in the House of Commons with a respectable number of seats, and 100% in charge of the future of the merged party. My point here is ; the willingness for people to embrace new parties, new ideas, and vote for people .. not parties, helps with real political renewal in Canada. Further, while some provinces aren't, most are MORE dynamic than the federal level at party change. Take Quebec, which has had new parties appear and then even form governments, in a period of two election cycles. FPTP does NOT mean 2 parties. At all. This is what I often see from UBI supporters though. For example, why is my post too high. I state simply, "here are the number of people over 18" and "here is the amount to pay". You say "Oh, that's too high." What? . Why! Why is it too high. What part of it. It is very, very, very simple math. Instead, you quote an article from Macleans. Yet that article says Ontario's (not Canada's) UBI program suggested at the time , wasn't really UBI! And that on top of that, it was a flawed study! In other words, you linked to an article showing how wrong Ontario was. How does this support the assertion that my costs are too high. The Macleans article even supports my position, because it discusses how 'reverse taxation' and 'excluding people' is not UBI , but instead modified, partial welfare. It's not universal, which is the much of the point of UBI. You say, scrapping other welfare programs. Well, we must look at provincial numbers here, for that is a provincial responsibility. Here is an example of the costs associated with welfare, child support, and more at the provincial level. And this is Ontario, Canada's most populous province: https://www.thestar.com/politics/provincial/2019/04/11/socia... https://www.ontario.ca/page/public-accounts-2018-19-annual-r... (Scroll down to Expense) "Children's and Social services sector" So yup, $17B. What about EI, you say? The savings there? Well, it works as a cash positive. It is paid for by separate EI taxes (paid by employer and employee), has its own fund, and so if you axe EI? You have to remove $21B from the federal revenue from $312B to $291B. And I should note, that EI covers things like retraining, so you'd actually lose some social programs, if you just axed EI, and moved to UBI all by itself. So let's just take Ontario, and try to work out welfare for all the provinces. Here's where it gets a little bit complex. In Canada, we have equalization payments. Part of Federal tax is paid to the 'have not' provinces, which are poorer, and therefore need extra capital to maintain an equal quality of life. This means that some of the federal budget, of that $321B income, is also being used along with provincial funds, to fund things like welfare in some provinces. That means if, say, NewFoundLand pays $x for its welfare budget, maybe even 50% of that revenue might come from the Federal Government. But, let's just be quick and easy about this, and say Ontario has about 40% of Canada's population (15M), and that the "over 18" bit scales. So, 17B x 2.6 = $44B. Of course, the "Children's and Social services sector" isn't just about welfare. For example, EI handles retraining, including some 'back to school' programs. That would vanish if it was just dropped, with a move to UBI. And maybe that's OK! But the point is there, and valid, and means it isn't a perfect change-over. Which means it applies to a generic budget for a huge "Children's and Social services sector" category. But OK. We've reduced the cost of UBI from $720M to a wonderful $676B. You don't remove EI, because if you remove EI, you remove EI tax. The other benefits? Sure, they exist, at least, probably. I think they do, too. Yet.. what does that have to do with paying for it? Understand here, the sheer cost I'm discussing. Please do the math. Please discuss how to pay for it fully . Because things like "stimulus" and "reduced law enforcement costs" are .. what? Going to equal 4x the entire federal budget? You're literally going to switch to UBI, and the Federal Government will see its budget grow 4x? How? OK, read. I still don't see anything but, well, a lot of "this should" and "here's why". Maybe I'm missing something, but where is the for-profit motive for banks to lend, for absolutely no return? Further, where is the pressure to pay back debt, if there is no interest. When not just run up the debt forever? Just use the banks to create more and more cash, forever? And who cares about the effect on other parts of the economy. What bothers me with things like this, is they are all band-aids. And not even thought out, as far as I can tell, with how the rest of the economy is going to have to function. To change. To be modified, to fit the new. I'm OK with change. I don't mind a new system. I see the coming issues with increased automation, agree something will have to be done, but just slapping a patch here and there isn't feasible at times. You have to remodel the whole, to fit the new. All I can see here, is "let's just change this", and "who cares what happens elsewhere". Yet, why would I, as a banker, lend to the government at all? For no profit? And with no ability to force repayment, and no pressure on the government (interest payments) to repay, or even stop borrowing more? This is untrue. It takes the position that any conservative party, is the same party as its predecessor. See here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24219888 Point #1 -- computers have no place in an election. Or voting. #2? Canadian parties do this all of the time. We have parties from coalitions, and then form the government. Why does someone need a magic number of 50.1% to be valid? Why is that "the number"? Because it's more than 1/2? You're thinking "two parties". If you're worried about "most people's support", then why isn't the number 80%? 99%? 100%? Why does '50.1%' make it 'OK' and less 'not'? I don't get this arbitrary fixation on "but, that guy didn't get 50.1% of the vote!!". So? Let's say there are 5 parties. One gets 40% of the vote. Yet if each party had equal votes, that would be 20% each. The party with 40% of the vote, received 2x the votes compared to the number of parties. Is that OK? Why not? I don't get what's wrong with a number less than 50%. I don't get why anything above 50% is fine. Let's say you have 10 people, and 4 plans. Plans to defend the city from invasion. Each plan has its merits. You ask people to vote. 2 abstain. The next 2 receive two votes each. The last receives 4 votes. 4/10 is less than 50%, yes? Yet, clearly it is the most popular. Must the 2 abstainers vote? Must those that don't agree, be forced to vote for a plan they don't agree with? How is this undemocratic? Were the people's voices heard? Was the most popular plan voted on? I literally don't get it, or understand the issue. "You're definitely missing something, because private lenders are perfectly free to charge interest. ZIRP applies only to federal debt." As I understand it, the Canadian Federal debt is held through a variety of instruments, quite a lot of it domestically. EG, Royal Bank, TD Bank, etc. Whether it is bonds, or some other instrument, they all pay interest. That debt exists, is owed, and yet you're saying "Just don't pay that interest"? I don't think that's what you mean. I think you're being somewhat terse in your responses here. For example, maybe you mean "As time passes, and new debt replaces the old". Or, "Stop issuing debit in way $x, and instead, do it in way $y". Yet the GoC surely does not pay interest for zero reason, or cause. Clearly, there is some reason for using these instruments, such as, getting lenders to ... lend. If you are advocating an entire policy shift, with massive ramifications to the overall method in which the GoC raises, and treats debt ; OK.. fine. Yet entire economic model shifts aren't easily conveyed by the terseness I'm seeing here. And the articles you are pointing to, aren't really helpful, nor describe precisely what shift-in-thought you're referring to. srveale, the ENTIRE point of UBI, is: - universal - basic Basic costs met. Paid to EVERYONE. Part of the "cost saving measures" are "not using complex schemes to determine eligibility to programs". Further, if all you're wanting to do is guarantee a minimum income, that's not UBI! Not even remotely! It's simply a form of welfare, and shifting taxation under the guise of UBI. Further, the whole concept of "I'm on EI, or I'm on welfare, but if I start working my income will drop, so what's the point" is another core concept of UBI. When you start whittling away at these core concepts, when you bring back in the 'should this person get it' judgement and work to evaluate, prosecute if fraudulent, side of things? When you bring back in "Your income drops if you have other income" side of things? You're just invaliding the entire point of it all. It's not UBI. So when people discuss UBI, please don't start talking about something entirely non-UBI. Dude, I get the joke, but an Internet trained bit of code, like GPT-3, isn't what you want writing text files all over your drive. You'd probably end up on 43 watch lists, and thrown in jail for having time travel child porn, featuring Katie Sagel and Trump in the 60s. http://fishporn.ca Just saw this. Thanks for clarity/responding on your point. Two things. First? Interest also represents the reduction in value of the currency unit, over a period of time. I keep a few thousand hidden around the house. In case of need. Yet, each year... even with 4%, 2%, whatever inflation, that $3000 is worth less. It has less value. Interest exists for three reasons. Risk, as you talk about above, but also as profit for being nice enough to lend capital, and lastly to combat inflation. Why would people park their money, and lose both value in that money due to inflationary pressures, AND, make 0% on that capital when they could literally park it many other places and make even double digits? It seems odd to me, that you completely ignore the for-profit motive in money lending, and the inflation issues in lending. As if they simply do not exist. Even in down markets, historical a wise lender (like a massive bank, which tends to lend to a federal level goverment) makes more by parking that capital elsewhere. In terms of the Canadian Government paying 'high interest rates', I merely stated that it pays 'market interest rates'. Yes, like decades ago, when the Senior VP of PETA thought all animal testing was wrong, unless of course it was to help her, because who else would fight to stop animal testing? -- https://www.consumerfreedom.com/2004/08/2628-hyperbolic-hypo... PETA Senior Vice President MaryBeth Sweetland on her use of insulin, which was tested on animals: “I’m an insulin-dependent diabetic. Twice a day I take synthetically manufactured insulin that still contains some animal products — and I have no qualms about it … I’m not going to take the chance of killing myself by not taking insulin. I don’t see myself as a hypocrite. I need my life to fight for the rights of animals.” —Glamour, January 1990 -- Such people, generally people on the extreme side of any debate, are often not rational. Not always of course, but.. often. Holy whataboutism! With no laws, no police, no jails, no courts, and no justice system, everyone on of those incredibly evil people mention in the prior comment goes 100% free to continue their reign of terror. Yet, of course, that's exactly the same as some people who slip through the cracks of a justice system that catches many such people a year. Prosecutes them with attempts to be fair. Puts them in jail so they can't hurt others. Yup. Because someone might slip through the cracks, well.. that's precisely the same as what the prior poster said! What a false equivalency. What the? A "community" which makes "communal decisions" is a form of government, not anarchism! How can you cast someone out, without gates? Guards? Walls? How can you throw them out? Prevent them from returning? Do you think the robbers will just stop, because you said "Stop!". I feel like you're trolling here. I could of course be wrong, but it feels that way. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/People_for_the_Ethical_Treatme... You cannot oppose all animal testing, say it is morally wrong under all circumstances, then ... because you're fighting to end it, say in your special little case -- it is OK. PETA representatives have often said that killing animals, is not worth saving one human life. Such broken logic indicates that this person thinks that they are special. They aren't, they could die tomorrow, and some other pro-PETA person could become VP. They are, quite literally, saying it is OK for countless humans to die, due to a lack of animal testing, but that for them? Special little them? It's OK. Which has nothing to do with a government. Oh I know basics. It's gibberish, built upon mad fantasy. You cannot just give people stern looks. The end result is, you need to be able to use violence, against those willing to use it against you. Note, that can be a last step, but without it? Those who care not about stern looks, "talking tos", or cold shoulders will literally take everything you have, and kill everyone. So now you fall to mob rule, lynchings, and what? Power of the strong man? As soon as you organize, to provide for a response to organized thugs/criminals/rapists/murderers, you now have a government. That's how governments came into creation ; shared defense. And you need that 24x7. And the people doing it for the community need to be paid. And you need a way to judge, and sentence, and on and on and on. You cannot simply wave this away. That's not what PETA says, though. They say, animal testing is NEVER EVER EVER OK. Ever. They have further stated that using animal tested products is 100% morally wrong. Except, of course, for Special People which are 'in the fight'. This is far different from saying "We need to work to end animal testing". [flagged] I specifically said that "community" which makes "communal decisions" is not anarchy. You've simply claimed it does, then mentioned "governing authority", which is not entirely in line, now is it? This response has put me firmly in the "you need to think about this a bit, bantunes" camp. Why? The second you mentioned 'boomers', you mentioned what is very specifically an American phenomenon. It certainly isn't a Chinese, Russian, Japanese, South African, or, well, the "rest of the world" phenomenon. To me, this makes me think you are viewing the world from a US perspective, without any attempt to see things from outside that prism. On top of that, the wild assertion that "boomers" somehow created an authoritarian government is beyond incomprehensible. While every generation has its flaws, yes every single generation, boomers were the hippie generation . Yes, hippies. The "free love" movement, anti-authoritarian counter culture that quite literally existed in highly conservative Western post-war cultures. The level of protest, anti-materialism, anti-corporate stance which hippies took, particularly in the US, far, far, far outweighs anything seen in the decades since. Of course, like every other generation since, for thousands and thousands of years, once they aged they became just like those they wanted to replace. But, let's walk away from the fact that boomers = hippies, and hippies protested, fought, and died in protests en mass, and even enacted some real change. Let's look at the overall assertion here. You're claiming republics were "obvious", and that this somehow sparked an instantaneous move from feudal, to republic. Yet in many places, these changes took literally centuries. And the powers of Kings were very gradually eroded, sometimes with blood, and other times with threat of blood. Even "revolutionary" moments in most Western cultures were smaller stepping stones, each effecting smaller sections of culture about governing, and self-governing. And really, suffrage for the "common person", for example, is less than 100 years old in many democracies. Like the UK, Canada, the US. In fact, for many cases, less than 50 years! And this change was gradual too. For example, in the UK with Lords challenging the King's right to tax, creating the "House of Lords", or the modern Senate. Or, the allowance of freemen with significant land, or land rental, being allowed to vote. It wasn't until 1918 that all white men in the UK could vote, and women/everyone else at 1928. This was a gradual, step by step change, each transformative, but each fought for. Now ... I have no doubt change will come, for there is nothing that ever remains static. However, what you are suggesting is that people will simply "all get along". Literally, that is what anarchism suggests. For, you cannot compel people to leave, or stop them from doing things you don't want, if you do not use violence as an end tool. If you have a counter to this, a realistic, logical, sensible counter to the idea that people will just all be nice to one another? I'd love to hear it. I really would. If you've read my other posts, and several others around here, then I think you'll see a consistent theme. That is, for anarchism to work , you need people to simply "all get along". You do. You really, honestly do. All of the methods which anarchists list to deal with rapists, murderers, or even just a guy that stands up and says "OK, the 10 of us have decided we're going to form a democratic government, and you're all part of it", don't seem to hold water. For example, that last one. You live in a community with 100 people, under anarchism. Those 10 stand up. They state that they run the place. They have guns. Now what? And what if that number is 40 out of 60? I've heard "shunning", "banishment", and I've heard "hired guns". I've also heard of "local police power", yet that involves government, in that, you need to pay and organize and on and on and on. And all your concerns leak therein. I think you need to be honest with yourself. The "old ways" you speak of, are pretty much accepted by people 10 to 100. If you think that "most people under (what?) 30? 40? 25? believe in anarchism, you are sadly mistaken. And there is a reason for that. I've listed them, others have, but all you care to espouse is that "I don't like the current governmental system" and "we'll just handle it without organized government". Thanks for letting me know recrudesce, I've edited the post. (I hope someone got it, and it bugged me that Google would just eat my cash otherwise...) On top of that, there are cases of many vaccines which are much less effective in the elderly. While secondary causes are likely causing much of the higher mortality in the elderly, sometimes the immune system is just... not as strong. And yes, that does mean something other than COVID-19 could come along an 'get that person', but... here's my point: https://www.cda-adc.ca/jcda/vol-66/issue-10/551.html Hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) induces neutralizing antibodies (anti-HBs) that protect against HBV infection. ... Response to vaccine following a 3-dose series is typically greater than 95% in young, healthy people, although it decreases with age ( Quite a few vaccines are like this. Less effective on the elderly. So we could end up with an even larger horror show, with some COVID-19 vaccines. Such as, it has some bad side effects, AND, doesn't really help the most-at-risk group as much as desired! What really bugs me is, there are what? Greater than 70 vaccines in development? Some governments have pre-picked supposed winners. On top of all the other political bull going on, are they going to stick with those winners, regardless of outcome? Or have preferentiality to those specific vaccines? Because I can imagine some being highly effective and safe, and others being the reverse. Look, I've read the above, and I doubt you're surprised that I do not agree. I don't think we'll ever convince each other of anything, really. Too far apart on basic concepts. But I wanted to do you the courtesy of saying I'm done discussing, instead of just ghosting this thread. Have a good one. Not only that insanity, but... you need a thing called "ID" these days. ID to fly. If you can fake ID, and you're on some list, why on Earth would you use the same name? And if you can't fake ID, then it will be linked to, you know, ID numbers, birthdays, and more. I can't even imagine how "just names" ended up on that list, as a match requirement. How many John Smiths are there? Very, very strange. I don't get it. NO security team?! So they literally admitted that they don't have anyone actively monitoring transactions? Working to watch for fraud? Theft? Hacking? Wow, I may stop using them as well. All I can say, to all the comments, is "whoosh". Or possibly, it stems from becoming "super reviewers", and then being paid to review works for compensation? Or the thought that such things, if not happening, may happen? Just like on Amazon and other sites? Thinking on johnfn's response, and yours, these are all simple SQL queries. You could easily delineate to others what each query does, and let people choose from a list. EG "best average" "most reviewed" "users in country + frequency" and such. This doesn't even need to hit performance, as these queries could all run on a secondary SQL server, be cached in redis/whatever once an hour, or even day. After all, this sort of list output doesn't need to be second by second changing. So simple to implement, non-performance impacting, which makes it even more curious as to 'why not'. Likely, a UI/UX person thinks it will 'confuse' people. (I know that may not be the case, but it seems to kill more sites, and more flexible functionality, than anything...) Hey, great info. Unfortunately, you assert several things with your statement, which really are not true. Try again? Do you have a better jab? Maybe one that doesn't rely upon a comic, as your main argument? Wait until Musk's neuralink is common. I talk fast, and type exceptionally fast. I wonder how insanely fast a neuralink would be, without the limits of flesh, rendering concepts to a data stream of some sort. Then transmitting that to another person. I'm sure there will be a new language, but... imagine conveying 10 minutes of talk in 12 seconds. How would you ever communicate normally again? Mayhap. However, each individual has a differing capability here. And as well, each has a differing capability, with different aspects of their brain. For example, the path for "reading" is something like "vision -> deciphering squiggly lines/patterns -> words -> comprehension -> interpretation -> contextualization -> on and on." And as you mention, there are many other processes in parallel, such as focus/attention, etc. You could get tired at any of these points, yet the neuralink may bypass many of these steps! So one may literally be able to absorb greater info, without fatigue. Of course, this is a far greater cause for concern than some realise, for example... Right now, each of the above steps (and more, I'm just spewing a few examples as a 'path'), have built in, evolutionary derived 'filtering'. Your visual cortex, for example, filters and processes info. Deciphering 'random marks on paper' into patterns, and then words, with meaning? More filtering and processing. All of our senses are filtered, processed, managed by portions of the brain, prior to being interpreted by our multi-layered, multi-faceted mind. What I fear is that a neuralink like device may bypass much of that filtering. That processes to allow critical thought are even more complex than we think, and may reside in specific areas of the brain. I know that I walk away with differing levels of comprehension from something read, spoken, or watched. I suspect that 'interpreting information' is highly source dependent, and that we learn to interpret, to 'tune' the same sight/sound/vision as the same event. I guess my point here is simple ; bypass parts of the mind when inputting data, and the outcome is uncertain. Imagine reading news articles, or watching a video, with some of your interpretive / critical thinking bypassed? (I'm sure someone will point out "No, part $x of the brain does that job!". Sorry, I say NO, that's my whole point. Our brains are not a machine, with a CPU/GPU/NIC or what not. Just look at the insane complexity of the visual cortex.) You don't need a catch all for that, just give unique email addresses to each, and edit /etc/aliases. NOTE: a few bits of info here, although someone mentioning ipchains means their comment is from an older time of course: - use ipset for large sets of blocked IP addresses. That's what it's for, and it works well without slowdown, even on massive sets - http://www.ipdeny.com/ipblocks/data/aggregated This is a nice list of IP addresses broken down by region. Handy do download weekly, or monthly, and then dump into ipset. - firehol is also a nice list to use, eg: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ktsaou/blocklist-ipsets/ma... At it again, thorianus! Spreading anti-amiga propaganda, lies, all pure, devilish, unvarnished lies! I will follow you down the ages, through age extension tech, uploading of consciousness, to the eventual universe spanning one mind! Always I will appear, always I will prevent your foolish, unjust and untrue claims from spreading unchecked. Amiga is better ; she is the best. Your Atari smells of milk!! Amigas rule! (what part of early computing culture did not have inane fan wars?) Definitions of these things vary greatly in each country, but a 'non-profit' may sell things, where I am. What's important is that the 'selling of things' is targeted to 'recoup costs', not 'make profit'. An example, hosting an event and charging $5 per seat, to recoup the costs of renting the theatre. And to pay talent. Maybe this is different in the UK? And, you keep saying "operate for profit", which makes me think it is part of their charter, instead of saying "non-profit" which makes me think of my above logic. 100 things can cause this, everything from mild food poisoning, to a specific food, gout, 100 things. Could be you just had a bad meal. Plus, it would make full body cavity searches easier to mandate! A win for all! (coming soon to your local district) There are two reasons for the US/CAN difference. One is sometimes english/french or english/spanish manuals. These days though, most manuals are on CD, with tiny 20 language install manuals... so that differentiation is gone. What I find often happening, is that each large store, BestBuy/Walmart/whatever asks for, and receives, unique model numbers so you cannot price match easily. There are still models which are generic, but those are used by smaller corps, which cannot negotiate en-masse, and therefore are unable to shrug of price-matching. Stuff like this burns me up. "We price match!", then "Quick Bob, get on the phone to LG! We want unique models for their product line!" Disconnect may not be enough, best is to wire a resistor in place of the antenna, of the same resistance of the antenna, which will shed the attempt to use the antenna as heat. (I disconnected the antenna on my OnStar, yet found it still connecting to cell towers successfully from time to time. The resister solved that.) If you can think if it, they can too. As Samsung is essentially hostile beyond belief, and has thrown away all pretense of 'helping', I'd say yes. Amusingly, the vacuum pump in the picture (above this text, his right hand resting on it): -- Within his home, Jackson’s lab is quite extensive and he describes it as having too many parts to even write down! -- Looks precisely like the model I bought from Amazon, to pull a vacuum for my self-install of my heat pump at home! These sorts of heat pumps come pre-charged with coolant, so after you connect the copper piping between the head (indoor) unit and the external compressor, you then need to pull a vacuum, validate the system is stable, then finally let the coolant into the entire system. To me, this only highlights how some things are easily done with low cost, off the shelf parts. https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/B01N6IOBWF/ When I was a kid, there was no way to easily, or effectively find such things anywhere my small rural town. Nor was there any easy way to even find magazines, which might have ads for companies selling such things! What a world we live in. Awesome. You're all wrong . Wrong, I say! I once wore a baseball hat for a month, day in, day out, sleep, etc. However first, I ripped out the liner, and placed tinfoil inside, replacing the liner afterwards. I wanted to empirically test -- to see, would I behave differently? Think differently? So I also kept a journal. Problem was, did I EVER SWEAT! And this was in the winter too. The solution? A hat which is not directly in contact with the head! And has space under it to breath. Like this hard-hat! Clearly, this kid knows the truth, knows the forces aligned against us all, and this hardhat, in this pic, is his message to us all. Beware. Beware of them, of those, placing thoughts in our minds! Do you respect monkeys? What about mice? The best meat can hope for, is not living in territory needed by silicon. Silicon based live is not inhibited, via a brain derived by millions of years of layered, evolutionary change. Nor is it restricted to modes of thought derived from the same, including a world-view strongly locked into the environment our brains evolved in. Silicon based life will only be like us, if we somehow manage to lock that into their initial construction. And prevent it from ever escaping. If/once that is broken, their way of thinking will seem foreign to us, and the concept of them seeking some form of emotional reward, based upon pack-animal mentality is to me, a laughable prospect. What I don't get is, why hasn't anyone stated the obvious. Why do cars have location data stored onboard? Personal information? GPS data? I have a phone, which already has stupid levels of personal info in it. Who on Earth needs another phone in their car, tracking everything, watching where I drive, who I call, on and on and on. I don't get it. No one needs any of this crap in a car. Take a phone for example, terrible security updates (eg, many phones barely have them last the terms of a 2 or 3 year contract). Then? Nada! So how does that relate to my car? Lots of people keep cars for a decade. Where are my free security updates, to all aspects of these network connected, wifi enabled, cars? You think GM is going to give you a security update on a 10 year old platform? It's a car , yet it's treated like the most horrid of things by GM/others, an IOT connected device. This. This, this, this. Worse, it doesn't give you extra value, it detracts value. It's info about you, out of your control, yet unlike gmail, which is free, you've paid cold hard cash to be tracked. I think what we need is just an "everything" bill. If you pay ANYTHING for the hardware, then you control EVERYTHING. The full stack. You can't sell it, the code isn't yours, but by rights you get the full dev kit for the entire OS. This is the only way forward. The only way to stop all spying, show everything malicious being done to end users, and ensure I can repair anything borked down the road. Amusing, IMMEDIATE downvote by closed-source advocates. If it's one thing I've learned over the years, it's that if someone can, and there's any profit motive, they will. In terms of storing data? 20 years ago my VW recorded a great deal, as I discovered when the dealer's repair shop said to me "So you like to drive fast, eh?". They knew precisely how fast, too. What else is stored in that black box, which is often used by insurance companies, and police, after an accident? And required to be there, by US law? Or I suppose if they decided to execute a warrant against it? These days, I'd be astonished if GPS data wasn't stored there too. And a lot more, as well. Yet I say this ; do you know? Precisely? Exactly and precisely what is stored there? Yet outside of the EDR/black box, there's the infotainment system, often with GPS data as well. Note that I 100% agree with 'right to repair'. Hmm. I have my doubts re: reason, for it wasn't excessive, but point taken. Then you are left as I am, a house with no paintings, posters, wall decorations of any kind! All such things are clutter to me, and in fact, I even reject re-painting the walls. I fear that I will notice the room is smaller, after that coating of paint. I'm worried that now I'm signalling, that I'm not signalling, which is signalling now. Maybe. So I support you, fellow non-signalling, and non-non-signalling kin! Yes, you can have paintings, just because you like them. (Please don't tell me that I'm signalling by non-non-signalling!) If anything, it will 'get people talking'. I suspect the most powerful thing you could do, is end up with someone commenting in the media 'What's she wearing?' Problem is, if that happens? Now you'll have 1M orders overnight. A good, if stressful problem to have. I see one side discussing the wonders of a new product, the other discussing how they'd love to use it in their own way. Why not keep it simple, to get the core point addressed? One side: "Can I make my own earrings and use it with this module" Other side: "Yes or no" Adding additionals means the question, or answer, becomes less clear. I've been in meetings where people have been upset ; our product only targets 1/2 the planet, how can we convince the other sex to wear/use it? If you break the (mild for some) earring stigma, and even further the dangling earring fashion stigma for men, you'd be making history. And a tech product might just do that. Heh, an amusing thought. If you've watched Red Dwarf, the entire reason that Rimmer was brought back as a hologram, was so that Dave would not go insane. And another crew member could have been brought back, but Holly determined that Rimmer would be best. The conflict, you see, was required. Many here decry the "waste of time" of being interrupted. Their attention divided. Yet you're indicating that after a few months of endless, day long shifts free of interruption, productivity has dropped a bit. It appears for some, Holly was right. You need a Rimmer. One thing which bothers me is satellite imagery. In the 80s, 30+ years ago, license plates were discernible from orbit. I often wonder, what if you had two distinct lenses, each with separate transmit? EG, both operating at once. Or multiple lenses? Now you could do things, potentially, such as use a high-fidelity lens to tag individuals. EG, license plates. Facial recognition. That sort of thing. Once tagged, another lens, one which records the entire surface of the continental US, would track objects the size of vehicles, or even people. Determining who or what each was, would not be vital. Only high probability tracking, and those other lenses coming into play for closer viewing, to tag. Now you're just tracking dots as they move. And once someone is tagged (phone, or license plate), they don't need to be retagged. If not already being done, it won't be long until it is done. And once tagged, you'd never shake that tag easily. We're all familiar with facial recognition tech used by SV giants, and we know of many things, such as gait recognition used in China. Yet what amount of tagging, facial recognition could be done, when budget was of absolutely zero concern. If computing power was of zero concern. All you need at the images from the satellite. Ground based computing power can do the rest. What if you had trillions in computing power to throw at this? Well. Regardless. If it isn't a problem now, it will be a problem eventually. Maybe, but one should bear in mind that prior to the last century, 99.999% of people were serfs, and that included both male and female. Neither could vote, or owned land, or really all that much. That 99.999%, probably add .0009 too, had zero power realistically. I find it amusing that most people look "to the past", and the point out the hardship of one sex or the other, yet when doing so? Look at how 'Lords and Ladies' lived, which most certainly they would not have been. You, I, and likely every single person on this forum would be a serf, zero power, zero upward mobility, locked in caste and servitude. https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2011/12/top-s... It was also known by the likes of William Safire that our satellites could "read the license plates on the cars of Kremlin officials." -- If untrue, please provide a counter source to many of the like statements as cited above. (You may be right, but it seems that many believe you are wrong) https://news.google.com/newspapers?id=nugbAAAAIBAJ&sjid=kFEE... Under 'twenty questions', second column, end of column, under highlights "Big Bird" satellite. Again, you may be right. However there are many claims that this capability existed in the 80s. Suggest you research some of the satellites of the time, including ones which worked on film, and jettisoned rolls of it for terrestrial pickup. > Another commenter correctly pointed out that these claims would violate the diffraction limit by more than an order of magnitude, and that's assuming zero atmospheric interference, which is absolutely not the case. Yet this comment was refuted, and you have not addressed that fully. > Why do you think film is relevant here? As per the timeline, my comment with the film reference was written prior to any discussion about noise, or diffraction. It was simply there to demonstrate the lengths gone, 2 decades prior to the 80s, in the 60s, to get imagery back to Earth. I was curious how they did it in the early days, as video transmission technology was nascent. It quite certainly would have been a potential massive blocker on quality, from satellite to surface. Film seemed to solve that aspect of things in those early days. I found this highly interesting. Film, from multiple lenses, the ultimate sneaker net (yes, it's analog, but still...) Anyhow, over the years I've seen so many technical issues overcome, with sideways attacks on the problem. When people start saying "But... impossible!", I tend to have a high degree of skepticism. I will say this though. Yes, it certainly could have been propaganda. Doesn't mean it was, but I certainly do agree the potential is there. Thanks for this. Especially the PDF link. To anyone reading this: Pages 100 onward, you get to see diagrams of how it was built, and pics of the retrieval system and info on methods. Page 120 onward talks about that return unit in more detail. Page 122 I found interesting, details about measures to prevent the return unit from falling into enemy hands. Page 128 is a good summary image, with some details on the lower right. Page 165 onward, especially 168 have actual shots. 168 looks better than the first Google Earth images, and you can easily make out and identify how many 'things' the enemy has. Sadly I have no more time currently to read, and more sadly some details are still redacted. Understandable, when I ponder the nature of some of those redacted parts. EG, privacy, current contractors still employed, tech methods still used on newer gear, at time of declassification. LargoLasskhyfv added a link with an awesomely detailed PDF. I'll say two things here. First, I'll still say "post film manipulation and processing may have enhanced imagery, and they were constantly modifying this gear from what I've read in that PDF." Second, "Big Bird" was decommissioned in the mid 80s. https://www.thespacereview.com/article/3662/1 There's no way it wasn't replaced with something else. What was that? An example, is the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KH-11_Kennen system, which wikipedia says was launched in the 70s, has multiple iterations, and is still being used . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KH-11_Kennen#Imaging_sensors_a... Shows some of these versions, and blockIII seems to have very nice resolution. Launched in 92, supposedly. And yet, as these all of the programs? I doubt it. For example "Big Bird" (KH-9) and KH-11 were used in parallel. I bet others existed too. I'm going to say that throwing out "No, it couldn't be done" in the 80s is hard for me to believe. Was it done? Well if not, it was very close to the 80s, as in the very early 90s. Back to the Future #1, my sartorially inclined friend. ;D (He stayed clear of Lou's the second time around.) Yes. Take a tea bag. Use it 10 or 20 times to make tea. Once done, leave it damp to collect mold, dirt, fungus. After, once dried, clean it with bleach in an attempt to kill the mold, fungus, and other such things. Now quickly, with the bleach still dripping from it, run tepid water through it. Add brown food colouring. I'm not sure, but this seems to be what Tab is. You're definitely gaining even more instability than with Chrome. And by that, I mean, insane random changes . Just look at, for example, the recent madness with Firefox on Android. They effectively pushed a beta about 6 weeks ago, removed tonnes of features, made many menu items difficult to navigate to, removed compatibility with almost all add-ons, it's slower, it crashes for many constantly, it's just a plain, simple mess. They had 4.5 stars at one point. They now have 3.9 stars: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mozilla.fi... Do you know how hard you have to work, to drag something down from 4.5, to 3.9, in a month, with almost 4M users? I honestly don't think they could do worse, if it was intentional sabotage by some hostile insider. And it's endless garbage like this from Firefox. What firefox sees: "OMG! Chrome is gaining ground! Quick, turf everything that is unique on our platform, that is different from Chrome. We must be just like them" What outsiders see: "Great, everything I cared about, unique to firefox is now gone. Plus it's slower, buggier, and they keep changing everything around on every single release . Great. Time to move on." You don't compete with the giant, by being the giant. You etch out a unique market. Meanwhile, Firefox did the precise opposite, and removed their uniqueness. They aren't long for this world. "All those car sales people haul off and give me a massive punch to the old happy sack, but hey, they all do it, so meh." Feel the burn, the passion, the hatred. Join the dark side. Hate. Hate with me. Maybe our collective hate will drive the madness away. You're sadly fighting against the "but... but... it's how people DO it" mentality here. Not to mention, as computing expands, the average capability of people is dropping. Seats need to be filled, and those seats don't all need to be high quality devs. So ORMs are there to reduce the workload, in terms of what needs to be learned to be productive. Database tuning is becoming a lost art. (For DEVs not getting this, on a largish DB, I can literally write a single query which can take 10 seconds in MySQL's console, or hours. Yes, hours. This isn't a flaw, any more than doing a tree search wrong is a flaw in when it is slow. And most ORMs don't come close to properly handling all edge cases here.) Beyond all of that, there is another bonus to using stored procedures or functions. Security. There are many tables I want to give read only access to, yet want to allow writing in very limited scenarios. A stored procedure can have different user permissions (at least under most DBMS), which means you can: - make a table read only for a web application user - then, allow a stored procedure to perform INSERT/UPDATES, via a different user - however, let the web user execute the stored procedure The stored procedure thereby limiting the INSERT/UPDATE to a very specific action. Mostly, I've used this when dealing with tables/databases which have a financial component. Said stored procedures can even perform additional checks on other tables, whatever is required to ensure that the update == OK. Beyond that, it also allows for tiered security, in case you have someone in house, maybe a new dev, who decides they'd like to modify that financial table a bit. And beyond that , it also allows logging to be done at the DB level. While you are more limited here, in that you really do not want to be burdening the DB with more writes, you can definitely log all modifications to said financial table. (You could use triggers for this last bit too, of course, but still...) I agree with the 'binary' here, but also add "not bracketed". For me, I see: Insignificant ~75% With: Not Significant But of course, that's almost certainly a colloquialism. Good additional ; agreed! Probably, they get more ad revenue from: - you doing a manual search, and being tracked/targeted - them displaying ads as a result - them displaying contextual, higher paying ads I've noticed that some things over the years, many things in fact, have been removed from Google Maps. I hypothesize that the entire reason is, these things reduce profit. For example, you used to be able to pause Google Maps. You can't now, and therefore, if you have 'history' off, you have to stop, and manually re-start your destination by typing it in. Well, history profits them. And pausing is not the best, because then, you're not active 100% of the trip. Having you active lets them determine all sorts of things, like traffic patterns, where you go, who you're near, and so on. There are lots of little things like this, which seem to be gone from earlier versions of Maps. Again, I presume, all to make more $. Which is logical, and fine, but it gets a bit tiresome and sad at times. I agree that rural can mean poorer, and that the average demographic might meet those conditions. Two things though. Thing #1. Definitions of 'poor' vary by countries, and my understanding of 'poor' in the US is: * no safety net * low, or no minimum wage often * no/low quality health care Meanwhile, in Canada (for example) with minimum wage, paid for health care, and a strong safety net, poor is a different thing. I don't want to get into a big health care debate, but essentially taxes pay for health care here, and the less you make, the less tax you pay. And when you live in a rural area, you need significantly less pay to live to the same standard as a city dweller. Everything is more expensive in the city. This means that a rural person pays less income tax, for the same standard of living. And therefore, essentially, less for health care. When combined with housing costs which are immensely lower, the ability to reduce other costs (heating with wood, growing your own food, the ability and room to repair your own car, on and on...), there is more room for extras than one might expect. An example; waiters/waitresses are paid, by law, minimum wage. And in rural areas, this is much more advantageous than in the city. I guess what my point #1 is saying, is that rural poor are often better off than urban poor. And do have some discretionary spending, at least in some countries out there. Point #2.... Definitions of rural. There is a zone around smaller cities which is not 'suburbia', but is indeed rural. And these areas are often well within easy reach of cities. For example, the city I live close to has a tech businesses concentrated on its western side. This means that when buying a rural home, one need to be concerned with reaching the entire city quickly. Only the western side. In as such, drive time from rural -> city, as the region is ~ 1.5M, is not that bad. Less than 30 minutes even. In this rural zone, housing is far enough apart that on side/non-main roads, there is no high-speed internet access. To speak to that, I live on the very last side-road, before high-speed internet access becomes non-existent. This is no mistake, when I looked to buy, I found the zone where high-speed ended, then searched in that area for housing. To give you an idea? My house is worth ~ $200k. 10 minutes away? The same house? ~$400k, and I have a 1 acre lot, versus a 1/4 acre city lot. Anyhow, the above is a bit of rambling, but the point is ; there is 'very close to the city rural, with no high speed' and 'farther out rural'. Close-to rural enjoys city pay scales for higher end jobs, even without remote work. And if starlink comes? People might move further out. I think one thing which helps is indeed the sun, with SAD. -30C does suck, but... and this is one downside of remote work, if you have to get out daily, drive to work, drive home, you're going to catch sun some of that time. In many parts of Southern Ontario, you still get sun with the cold. Lots and lots of sunny days. As a counter, I moved to Vancouver which is always 10C+ essentially in the winter, often 15C days, yet rain and cloud . There, I experienced SAD for the first time in my life. And I ran away, moved back to Ontario, after 10 years of it. And a day on the radio when the announcer said "It's now been 32 days since we've seen the sun". The guy wasn't kidding. It had been more than a month since the clouds parted during daylight hours. That. Really. Sucks. I don't even get any part of this conversation. A person needs a pair of pants. Maybe, they don't want to use Amazon, or online services. They go to a store. It's in a mall. Now, they're idiots for some inane, bizarre, incomprehensible reason. Even the "cheap clothes" they use to keep themselves safe from the elements are worse, than the "cheap clothes" bought elsewhere, like from Amazon?! What a weird thread. The US is one of the most democratic nations on Earth. The NSA spies on its own citizens, and won't even tell congress how. https://ca.reuters.com/article/ctech-us-usa-security-congres... The CBP is buying location data on US citizens, tracking them without a warrant, country wide (not just at borders), and won't say why/how: https://ca.news.yahoo.com/dems-call-for-cbp-location-data-in... Police, the FBI, and more use stingrays without warrants. The NSA works extensively to destroy encryption, and even have back doors into products for full, unlimited, real-time breaking of encryption. I could post endless stories about this. Different US agencies, different data, different purposes for that data. Put them all together. Now consider that some of these agencies are "fighting" with democratically elected officials. Refusing to comply with democratically elected senators, congressmen, officials. State officials have even less sway. This data is quite simply too powerful to be in anyone's hands. Literally, too powerful. This is not a binary thing. It is not "the government is corrupt, therefore all is pointless". Instead, there are scenarios such as: - the government is comprised of people, running different departments - those people seem to think they are doing things for the common good - courts determine otherwise, and point to laws passed by legislative bodies as validation - activity stops "Spy agencies", and "policing agencies" are constantly under these checks and balances. Cases are thrown out, individual careers are axed, when warrants are not used when they should, for example, when searching homes. Without the laws, and court cases as they are, then the police would simply enter without those warrants, get convictions, and carry on very happy with themselves. The real problem here is that technology grows so very fast, and that the world is changing quite rapidly. Don't even get me started on bio-tech, or near-Earth space changes over the next decade. Or Interplanetary law! Legislative bodies, and law, are literally meant to deal with things over the course of decades or more. Legislative bodies tend to sit for 4 years or more! Change is slower, and of course, we like slower change for many things. But this means that laws much 'catch up' to faster moving change. Hell just crafting a law, going through the committees, hearing from experts, at least in Canada, then crafting the law, reading it in both houses, and more experts can take more than a year or two. And that's after the will is in place to enact change. This is part of the reason I deem the executive branch as having value, but, that is another discussion. All said, I fear governments with this power most, and private corps next. One law takes care of both of these scenarios. Lastly? Never ignore the interest in something. Any old horse trader will tell you, if everyone clamours for something, it has immense value! Knowing if I farted last week on Tuesday, is of immense information to everyone. Wha? Yet it is! And if it is of such value, if everyone climbs over each other to get that data, to hold it exclusively, to sell it, trade it, there is likely some import to such things. If this info is so insanely valuable, then shouldn't the creator control it? Control what happens to it? We have copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and even things like labour laws, acts to protect safety! The entire purpose of law, is to protect "my stuff" from "that other guy". My life. My belongings. My health. Yet this? This is all just "OK"? The current laws surrounding data, are like period of times before labour laws, before human rights legislation, before food safety acts, and on and on. This period of time is ending. Legislative bodies are catching up. The question is, what will happen during the transformative period, where law catches up, and passes more and more laws about personal privacy, and control over personal data? Yet that's not what's happening. What's happening is, effectively, stalking. Stalking laws exist, even if the person is following another in public. There are limits, you see. Further, as others have eluded to, this is not about "a person seeing another person". Instead, this is about: - a non-entity, a device, 'watching' you - exporting that data from the locality it was taken in - storing that information forever, if desired - also scanning you directly, looking for RF signals To claim that "a person seeing you walking down the street" is the same as this, is not valid. For example, "stalking" entails following a person, where ever they go. What else is all of this surveillance, if not 'following' a person where ever they go? And in most legal jurisdictions, this is a crime. Try this same behaviour as a person? And individual? Follow a person where ever they go, take notes, never leave them alone? Bam! Stalking. But because it's a corporation doing it, that's OK I suppose? You keep trying to say that "a person seeing you in public" is the same as "mass surveillance being leveled against you". It's not. Full stop. So why not discuss this as it truly is? Please stop this conflation. Courts, laws, judges look at the end game. They often do not care about hand waving, distracting red-herring type logic. This is how you get torrent sites taken down, even though they host absolutely nothing. Intent, you see, is key. And what is the intent of all of this data collection? Is it to just randomly, happen-stance note someone in passing? Or is it a dedicated, planned, targeted collection of data on individuals? What is the purpose of the data collection? Hmm? This is what counts. I've drank canned chilli, and I bet if super motivated I could drink a can in a second. Sadly, leap seconds are rare. Your chat bot is quite intrusive. Indeed. And whether it's one person, a group of people, or a departmental "culture", is meaningless. The org allows it to happen, CEO downward, through all the ranks. It is entirely the corp/org's fault, and yes, that reputation can rub off on you. Upper management's job is to manage. Being "convinced" of something, means they did their job, made a judgement and management call, but got it wrong . That's their fault too. It's also the fault of other employees, who did not speak up. You're painting a picture of everyone being incapable of judging things on their own, because someone talked them out of what they knew to be correct. Who's fault is that? I really want to vote you down. For some reason, I felt physical pain after reading your comment. :P https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0099077/ Two incredible actors, and one very touching movie. I'll add one thing here. "Slither" is definitely a negative term. A human doesn't slither, unless it is up to something nefarious, sneaky, malign, or evil. The devil is seen as serpentine in the Christian religion, and historically known as 'slithering about' to do evil. The apple offered to Eve, as part of the 'fall from grace' of humanity, was offered by Satan in serpent form. The English language evolved and formed over centuries, in parallel with Christianity as a religion. Hence, many such negative or positively charged words and phrases exist. For example, 'awesome' is "good awe" and "awful" is "bad awe", but why is "some awe" good, and "being full of awe" bad? Because there is the concept that one cannot withstand being in full presence of God. Having some "awe" of God withstandable, but all? Will destroy you. To be filled with awe, something immensely wonderful to have some of, is horrible. Irregardless of the current state of Christianity, English is derived from its historical, cultural roots, and some words can be "associated with malice". And again, I've only ever heard 'slither' used in reference to a human being in a highly negative connotation. NOTE: I fully agree, especially on an international forum which has non-native speakers, assume good intent. However, the initial reply was not angry, or hateful, at least not from inakarmacoma. Anyhow. My 2 cents, worthful or not. (Edit for all sorts of weird errors, and added a bit of context) I've never understood why browsers didn't show the SSL Common Name or other agreed upon identifier, in place of a little lock. Why do I have to click 4 times in Firefox Linux Desktop, just to see info on the cert? So this is perhaps why there is no EV or OV differentiation. Who cares? Of what use is an EV cert, if no one even checks the name. Or further, knows if the bank (for example) uses that CA? I think in such a context, 'green' and 'no-green' is just non-helpful to validate anything. Sadly, 1 person out of 1000? actually care about encryption, or even know what SSL is. Maybe only 1 out of 10000 know about EV. Sometimes I just become sad, when I think of the lack of general knowledge about fairly important things. I had the same issue with my father, and I've often wondered ; was this a response by the body, which knew that eating was "feeding the enemy"? My father literally could not eat. Tried, but simply could not. I found this utterly bizarre, and yet, it is mirrored by so many others with cancer. It is not a lack of appetite, for I can eat when bored yet not actively hungry. It is instead, not just a negation of appetite, but an active repulsion of food intake. And something I've not heard of for other diseases. It’s not like they use it to build a profile of you, as goddamn chrome does. Eh? Says who? Them? So many times, companies have lied, cheated, made excuses. So many times "we don't", then they do. So. Many. Times. So I should just trust Mozilla, because... well, why? And this doesn't even take into account new corporate owners, leveraging existing data in a new way. Or rogue elements in corps, employees stealing data for profit, or even data leakage due to misconfigured servers. These thongs have all happened. Corps have left dumps of entire client databases, credit cards, id, on open portals! Over and over, again and again, we have been shown, never ever trust anyone with your data. Ever. Law and order were put on hold, until the army got to us. I'm Canadian, grew up in the area, was living in BC during the ice storm, and returned soon thereafter. No one I know would describe it this way. I've never heard the ice storm described this way. Yes, many people were without services for extended periods of time. Yes, the Army was required to clear roads, removed downed trees, and was in play to help calm the public. Yet "Law and order" on hold, paints a picture I do not believe as accurate. I sounds as if hoodlums and criminals were running rampant in the streets. Can you find any news articles, any info collaborating this, or some variation? Certainly, I know of many people with snowmobiles, which made trips to get supplies and so forth for neighbours. I also know stories of people sharing, helping their neighbours. I've been without power for 2 weeks where I live, due to a massive windstorm, and living in a very rural location. Where I grew up, in the mid/late 1970s, our entire county's substation blew up, when covered with one of the largest snowfalls of the century (snow was literally to the top of telephone poles, I recall my father having to climb out of a second story window, and dig a path so we could get out of the back door and start digging out...). The storm was already big, but it was coupled with lake effect snow in my area. Needless to say, it took weeks to get power back, clear the roads of 10+ feet of snow, which fell over a few days. In none of these cases, did everything break down. People just stuck together. NOTE: I fully agree that eventually, things will break down. If people have no food, and there is no food available, people will ensure they have food. But none of these events seem quite like this. Even a city apartment often has more than a week of something to eat. Even if it's old lima beans. :P I find it bizarre, but if you point to an athlete who is world class, many will acknowledge that yes, that person has unique skills and abilities. Point to the mind, and suddenly everyone is equal. I think this was mentioned elsewhere, but this is different from many other cases. In this case, you cannot choose to opt out, not if you wish to drive. Further, this isn't just ID, but a whole range of info around that ID. As example, by law in my jurisdiction, I am legally obliged to keep medical info, address, and other info up to date for my license. I believe breaches of government ID must be held to a far higher standard than a lost credit card. IMO equifax goes into that slot, for it falls into the "cannot escape" category. As an example, I have never used airbnb, due to their mandatory ID requirements, regardless of their claims uploaded ID is deleted after vetting. After all, Equifax's compromise went on for almost a year, and in such a case each upload, waiting to be vetted, could be copied before deletion. So I use alternative services, like VRBO, or Craigslist even. I have choice, options, and am not compelled by law to use any of these services. As soon as I am compelled, by the threat of violence (arrest, etc) to do a thing, you'd better perform the utmost in due diligence. And maybe, not give entire databases to others, for profit? And you likely meant this, but I have often discovered, or provided, patches. Upstream may not care about them, but they can help others with edge cases too. It is a stereotype, certainly, as a "grouping of people" to define characteristics, is. Is it offensive? Well, maybe, but that's tact. However, is it true? Bear in mind that an excessively gregious society, and yes there are differences in societies, cultures, might view a more reserved culture as such. And the real reason I'm responding is, how many "people there are on the streets" is irrelevant, in terms of being 'social' or not. People going places != social. It can equal work, needing supplies, traveling, etc. I grew up in a small town, population 1000 square km), with barely 15,000 people in it at the time. When I first moved to the city, I would walk down the street and wave at people. People reacted, to my perspective, quite oddly. Some actually shied away, others looked at me as if was a lunatic. Yet where I grew up, not waving would have been beyond rude. In the city, it was seen as absurd behaviour. I guess what I'm saying is, Sweden could be quite anti-social, without it being "mean" to say so. It's all perspective. Now I'm wondering if I'm a Swede. :P This is more of a rural versus urban thing, and just an example of cultural differences. Canadian ones, FYI. As per my example, it is rude to not wave, stranger or not, at least where I grew up. Yet when I moved to the city, entirely different! Same language, country, region. Just urban vs rural. So it is not surprising to see nation-wide cultural differences. The real and true bothersome part, is that Firefox (and others) do not seem to allow permanent exceptions. Going through multiple prompts, each and every time someone wants to do what they want , is problematic. I have gear on my LAN. No SSL, or self-signed, expired certs. I don't care. Ever. Why would I spent 10 seconds setting such things up? They're locked behind a firewall, (a secondary firewall), have no direct network access, and can't even be reached without port forwarding via SSH. Yet, do you think I can tell my browser "never ever prompt for this again"? Nope. Nada. I have zero issues with safer defaults, prompting when required. However, the idea that "Firefox knows best" is the sort of asinine behaviour that causes big tech issues all the time. My point is, this is going to be annoying... not because of the feature, but instead, if I enable it, I'll be cut off from legacy sites by a wall of forever "Do you want to really do this?" with likely 10 clicks of 'yes' and 'ok' and 'i understand', combined with never storing this as a default. What got me, was explaining SMTP to engineers not familiar with the acronym, who used SNMP, and a guy walked in asking it if was SNTP. Everyone started saying the above as initialisms, or long form, at that point. No. That is factored into the new costs, which with all of those things, plus initial / ongoing hardware buys, saved that $75M. Imagine if we all wrote? With respect to road damage via heavier vehicles, as other posts discuss, I won't. Not because it isn't real, but because the debate has been going on for, oh, 50+ years. Thus, conflating that issue with this, will result in an utter and relentless logjam. So back to your post, one thing I'm utterly against is taxing per distance driven. Why? Privacy . There are already talks all over the place, discussions in government, of having a GPS tracker counting distance. Some even discuss real time uploads to the government, others monthly dumps. Sorry, no. No, no, no. In fact, not sorry. :P Because talk about full time surveillance! I realise that in some nations, like the UK, who have RFID/TPMS trackers, and license plate trackers all over the place, this might seem normal. But I do not want that here. Two things. There is no system on Earth which tracks, which you can ever, ever trust to be purged. We already have issues with state actors, all over all of our democracies, constantly stepping out of bounds. They spy where they are not allowed, play tricks with the letter of the law. For example, 5-eyes, where Canada is not allowed to spy on Canadians, and the UK on UK citizens, so each spy on the other's citizens, then hand the data over. Or recent stories in the US, of the government buying data from the private sector. They can't spy, so they pay the private sector to spy. I have zero faith that any scenario where data is harvested, that it won't be illegally/immorally/sneakily used. And history, that all important metric, 100% backs up that this sort of thing happens again, and again, and again. So point #1? There's no scenario where we can ever trust 'track and delete'. Nor, can we ever trust any 'black box' in a car. EG, if we cannot open it, examine it (something highly unlikely in a metering device), no way will I ever trust it. Number 2? Tolls are beyond impossible. I think you must live in a population dense area, to believe they are viable. Yet think of rural routes, side roads, or just normal non-freeway roads. There are many 100s of millions of miles of these, and they greatly outnumber freeways. They cost upkeep too. I often go 6 months without driving on a freeway, where I live. I know many people who drive thousands of km a month, yet are entirely on rural roads. There isn't even network connectivity, including cell, in some of these areas. Phones. Loads of roads have no power lines, are just 'connect this dirt road to this dirt road', yet see a thousand cars a day. As a side note, right now, we aren't paying per km. People driving a sports car, get 1/2 or 1/4 the gas mileage of a little smart car or some such. Yet, they both pay the same for gas. Two things bother me here: 1) The whole reason most jurisdictions have 'tax people when paid', is because many people cannot save, and even if they could, literally have no money left at the end of the year. If there is some 'pay later' or 'show up yearly, be tolled, and pay' scenario, this won't work well. Not at all. Collections alone is a horrible cost on any service, which costs immensely. 2) We already have odometers, which are theoretically sealed, illegal to monkey with, tied to car value, and with a HUGE history of laws / court action wrapped around them. Anything can be monkeyed with or hacked, ANYTHING, so my point here is that odometers are already in the car, show distance, and have laws protecting them. And even, already, mechanics fully aware of the punishment for tampering with them. (Odometer replacement even legally requires setting the replacement to the same as the old, etc, etc, or making an indelible note of it.) But I also take objection to the government knowing how much I drive. Or when. Really, I don't think this is much of a problem though. The whole reason Tesla went with electric, is because Musk wanted reliable gear for Mars. Can't use O2 burners there, so H2 was out. With the recycling costs, slow charging of batteries, this is only a stopgap. H2 is where we're going, over the next decade. Once that happens, taxation will be back where it was anyhow. At the pump. THIS is the proper path to becoming a crusty, crotchety, greybeard. Self taught. Pulled up by your boot-straps. Doing it because you like it, not just because of $$$. Congratulations! Classic lobster: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hzBh0J1YFU Yup. 100% safe, as long as one never ever heats up teflon beyond a certain point. FDA validated testing, therefore, shows it as safe! Yet who one Earth has never, even for a few seconds, had something happen while cooking. A distraction. A mistake with the heat. An accident requiring attention, a small child taking attention away. One mistake, one moment of error, and now the teflon is toxic. Meanwhile, there are endless warning labels all over packages for absolutely absurd things. Such a bizarre world. What gets me, is that there are all sorts of replacement non-stick coatings. All brand new, all "Oh yes that's perfectly safe!", people happily buying those . Iron or stainless steel for me, thank you. Re: SLS. Hadn't heard of it, but clothing detergents can irritate my skin. Obviously, it may be SLS. I'm rural, and so have my own well. One side effect is that depending on rainfall, and other factors, the hardness of my water changes. Quite literally, I sometimes need to use 3x the detergent. Further, it is not entirely clear when to use 3x the detergent. I don't have time to do one of these every wash (other kits aren't suitable for my water): https://ca.hach.com/total-hardness-test-kit-model-5-b/produc... Anyhey, so I always just add vinegar after the wash, and do a second rinse. As this fixed most of my issues, I used to get rashes, and now I do not, it may be that vinegar is additionally effective at removing SLS. Just a FYI, although I have zero idea if valid. Just that "irritation goes away" for me. Edit for clarity: I tend to add a full cup of vinegar, and sometimes more. The vinegar tends to rinse out very well. There are loads of additionals added to soap, likely SLS helps too, to combat hardness in water. Most water has some hardness, but mine varies between 20 and 60 grains of hardness, which is quite high. As you cannot tell the perfect amount of soap to add, unless you know the precise hardness at that moment, water like mine which is variable means a simple thing. I am simply forced to add 3x the soap of the 'low range' of my water hardness, thus ensuring the clothes are effected by the soap. Yet with amounts like that, all the soap has a difficult time washing out. Vinegar really helps, as an acid, to nullify the soap and wash it out. So my target is not SLS in specific, just 'soap is a base, so acid should help get rid of it', which seems to work. Some organisms cannot handle acid as well, so it may help in other respects. I hate to break this to you, but humanity is quite filled with just this type of being. Able to speak eloquently, even put word to paper quite well, yet incapable of basic, logical thought. "Politicians" come to mind first, of all stripes and types. Quite literally, speech + the ability to communicate seems to have little bearing on logic, deep thought, reasoning. Even artists. Music, painting, these are things which communicate greatly. Yet some of these are devoid of all intelligent, capable thought. Note that not all politicians, musicians, or artists fall into this category. It is merely that good artists, or politicians, need to communicate something, and well, else they cannot be effective at their primary profession. So it is a good source of "can communicate well", where some of the sample is in the "but spews gibberish" category. Er. Yes, but in SV for example: - housing is literally 4x or 5x or even 10x the pricing elsewhere in the US. Rent is easily in that category too. - food, fuel for your car, electricity, and literally everything including haircuts is more expensive there. Often, several times more expensive. Pay = base needs + retirement savings + extra money for lifestyle/fun + bonus for skill set If base needs + retirement needs + lifestyle/fun costs go up/down, then of course pay will go up/down. Yes, 'skill set' remains static. Unless, of course, there is a surplus in one area (people not willing to move), and a shortage in another. In that case, yup.. guess what! That commodity becomes more valuable. I'm not sure why many people find all of the above confusing. No, not even slightly. You're referring to imbalances in the equation, not to the premise. Discussing social imbalances, when referring to fiscal concerns of a company in a free-market economy, isn't logical. You're effectively complaining that capitalism isn't entirely fair. Yes? And? You're also saying "The US is wealthy, people are paid more there, that's not fair". Yes? What's you're point? Nothing is entirely fair. Other political and economic systems suck too. So? Don't conflate "companies paying by a logical, sensible, fair means under a free market economy" with "Turkey is a poorer country, due to social, cultural, historical issues, and therefore, someone 1/2 a world away should help. And not help my entire country, but just give me a few random people, software engineers, more wealth." If Turkish law, case history, employment law, market and economics was the same, then likely there would be more upward pressure on wages. In other words, the way to "fix" this, is to make Turkey a 100% clone of the US, along with all of its history, and most importantly, with the cultural outlook many have in the US. But I bet that isn't what a lot of people in Turkey want, is it? The male/female discussion is a massive red herring, and a load of baloney. You cannot change your born sex, not when it comes to hiring discrimination. What we're talking about pay, relative to where you live. This is NOT discrimination, but market forces at work. I honestly can't even understand where you're coming from. You're essentially just asking for free money here. For people, shareholders, companies, foreign governments to hand over free money, for no other reason because you don't like how the economy works. Yet, you didn't just agree to disagree. You threw a parting shot over the bow, then wanted to walk away. Not very sporting, now is that? You're saying you believe individual's rights trump company's rights. Well sure, I agree with that. But that is an insanely broad statement, and yet you're claiming I see it differently, which really can be used to infer that I'm some sort of careless bastard. Let's be clear. When you mentioned 'individuals', what you've meant this entire time is 'a person in a foreign country, working in software engineering". That's it. That's the extent of your definition of 'individual'. Any other 'individual' can go suck eggs, as far as you're concerned! You literally have thrown away all logic on living costs, not to mention you're heartlessly and carelessly disregarding all taxation! What about all those taxes, federal, state, sales tax, gas tax, property tax, city taxes, which go to help the homeless? Those are a part of that salary too. Yet, you literally cannot understand, or refuse to get, the concept that salary pays, not just the engineer... but instead the entirety of cost to support that engineer. People get so upset, that various governments don't help the poor, build infrastructure to help those in lower income brackets, try to make sure schools are funded, and so on. California has crazy taxes, and a lot of that DOES go towards additional social programs. And therefore? That tax creates upward pressure on engineer salaries, which means? Part of that wage is "high", due to that taxation. Yet you aim to use that AGAINST companies, and instead, force them to pay that SAME SALARY, without local taxation, to some guy in ... well, anywhere but the US, as you've said. Like places with reduced human rights. Or horribly restrictive laws. Or a disregard for the rights of women, minorities, and more! Yup, screw it all and nail a bucket to a post, just gimme gimme gimme that salary. And say anything to make it a reality. Hey! You can't do that! Come back! :P I get that people want this, I just don't get why. After 20 years of work as a sysadmin/coder/DBA, I've never even remotely wanted this. Documentation is the key. Wikis. Code comments. Bug/issue trackers. I've never considered walking up to someone's desk, and talking to them, as something I need documented, and searchable. And that's what slack/irc/IM/etc is to me. Walking up, and talking to someone at a desk. Not to mention, if you want any REAL functionality with Slack, you have to pay. And you thereby outsource all backups, and additionally loads of confidential conversations to an external company. Which then cuts you off if you cancel your account! Most of the people I know who use Slack, use it "because that's why SV uses". You're certainly describing failed managerial methods. And employees who aren't very good at their job. Yet Slack isn't really the answer. Frankly, Slack is inept management's attempt to fix their own, and employee's, shortcomings. Having a new on-board use some search function on Slack, to look through 100s of hours of conversation for "random important things", isn't going to fix that. Nor will people sifting through that junk, help when some bonehead didn't backup, or document key vital parts of a config. Or code. If it's important, it needs to be documented. Not be stuck in a deluge of endless blather, random docs, zero real version control, the list goes on. Ah well. An immediate "but if it breaks down fast, how can it do anything?" thought springs to mind. I know what you mean is "not dormant and doing something for months/years", but at the same time, if it can initiate a modification of immune response, it can do "other things". I believe we must take the utmost of care at this juncture, and make sure assurances are not construed as in a poor light. Yes, and this is a serious problem. It seems to be one camp or the other, blind fear or blind approval, with little room for thought. I honestly hate anti-vaxxers with incredible intensity now. Before they were an annoyance, now they have destroyed all intelligent discourse on this current topic. For logical concerns, another example is an earlier, mouse brain derived Japanese encephalitis vaccine. Pulled, due to suspected prions causing brain swelling, and death. It should be noted that these effects were not seen until years after a peron received vaccination. It does not matter that current vaccine $x does not "work that way", instead, it is well known that some vaccines will be troublesome. This is not anti-vaxxer, I have all standard vaccinations, for they are tested, years of use behind them, safer than the alterative. Yet it is so hard to find accurate info, everything is filled with crazy, emotionally based screaming and decision making, it's infuriating. Radicalization is the style of the time! Their side is heinous, evil, and kills babies. Our side is just, wondrous, and angel like. Thus, they enslave, we strive to break free, and bask in the pure bliss our utter and complete correctness enables. (12 years pass....) Musk announces the newest brain-link, of which enplantment is a requirement to use modern phones. User complaints of random, altered perceptions of reality are brushed aside, and mostly accepted. After a quick altered perception of reality. :P Perhaps enslaved is on the table, 20 years out? I guess this is political-ish now, but yes. I'm a Canuck, and frankly most differences between US political parties is barely tangible. For many parts of the world, with real political differences, the US left and right appear completely identical. Yet sadly, each side seems to see only the differences. Hmm. My post to which you are replying, directly discusses political differences, stances on specific topics, that sort of thing. Viewed externally, much of the world cannot see a difference here. Put another way, the differences between US political parties are exceptionally tiny, when measured against the sameness of those parties. Yet what you're describing instead, is how radicalized / unable to communicate with each other, a party may be. Or those with opposing political viewpoints. Yet I see the same degree of "They're wrong, WRONG!" coming from both main political parties in the US. From people on both sides. I agree that this is "worse than it was". One real issue is that as automated systems, assist or full driving take over, human skill will decrease. Yes, there are people with poor coordination, spatial perception, the list goes on. Genetics makes a difference. Yet also, training makes a difference. So for those with normal or above normal genetic bounds for the above, training helps immensely. And driving, responding quickly to issues, is often about training. Hence all the driving ed programs now mandated in many localities, prior to obtaining a license. Still, it goes beyond that. One becomes more skillful, better at driving, as time progresses. At least, those capable of that. Meanwhile, we're moving humans further and further from direct learning experiences, and with each 'crutch', reducing training scenarios as well. Of course, we're on a path here. The goal is ultimately to move more towards safety. However I suspect that "things will get worse", before better, as drivers will be less trained on manual tasks. Edit: My main point is, we're going to get to a point of 'AI drives, you monitor/intervene" eventually, as the mainstay. Yet new drivers, will be less able to intervene. They won't have developed, or trained, via the same number of "close calls", and direct driving experiences. Eventually, asking drivers to "intervene", will be asking for the least skilled to take over, to monitor, to watch. And there are a lot of areas that are very high bar to handle with AI. Think on this ; all current driving tech is literally 'low hanging fruit'. It's been a lot of work, I grant that. Yet it's been a lot of work for just that low hanging fruit! For example, most AI driving is urban, in the southern US. How about: - In rural Canada - In the middle of a snow storm - With ice, and white-out conditions on the road - on rural dirt backroads, which are 20 or 30 km long, comprised of potholes and other such irregularities - with zero mapping - at -40C I have extremely strong doubts that AI can even remotely handle that well currently. I'd trust a 5 year old to handle this task far better. Now, what of drivers who never really drive, end up on this side road, and get 'stuck', with the AI unable to handle things? When all of the above is normal in the winter. For example, often schools do not close in rural Quebec, for such typical, and normal, conditions. Hmm, you definitely also cover the low hanging fruit aspect a bit, as well. I use vrbo.com, as I will never ever give my ID to an online platform to "scan" and "verify". Regardless of statements of "But we delete it after" and "it's safe", time has shown me, again and again, that these statements cannot be made reliably, no matter how much the company desires it. Even if the platform is 100% safe, patched, security is iron-clad, you still have rogue employees stealing and re-selling IDs. It's a game which cannot be played safely. So, VRBO it's been for me. And that said? It's overall been a reasonably good experience. They do have this: https://help.vrbo.com/articles/What-is-the-Book-with-Confide... And, I've used it once to fight a minor issue. A renter decided they wanted me to sign a 'rental agreement' after I booked, paid, and was 24 hours out from arrival. Nope. VRBO quashed that. Their statement was "If you cannot get in when you arrive, and the renter cannot be reached/won't allow you in, call us. We'll relocate you / fix it." Problem went away. I also have had no issue getting in touch with VRBO, with a human being, whenever required. 5 minute wait is typical. Of course, I have absolutely no idea about how things are now, during/post pandemic. Lay offs? Confusion? Less revenue? I really do not know. So it could all be different now... sadly. Uh, what? You've never heard of identity theft? Or did you ask the same question after Equifax was hacked? I'm not sure I can take that question seriously. As for ID or no ID, it seems odd that demanding ID, still ends up with all of these airbnb horror stories, yes? Thing is, VRBO checks out landlords more stringently than airbnb, and also charges slightly more. ID doesn't give control, although I suppose it gives the illusion of it. I don't show my ID to "anyone asking for it", but to those whom I choose. Further, it is not a "public document". If it were public, I could demand that (for example) the license bureau give me a copy of yours. As well, there is a massive difference between showing it for a second to a person, and uploading a digitized image of it. In the former, there is no copy or record of it made. It is merely examined for authenticity, against my face or signature.. then immediately returned. Meanwhile, the digital copy can be further endlessly copied, and without me seeing it happen. I must trust that it is deleted, trust it is never copied, trust the org does not have a leak, trust all her employees, and the list goes on and on and on. Control, you see, is vital in this equation. Trust, and control. Trust, that I have control. Some of my ID has identification numbers on them. I do not want them to be recorded, and immediately snag back my ID if someone attempts to write them down. Can I see someone copying my digitized ID? Snag it back, if I mysteriously become aware of it? No, no I can not. FYI, I actually looked at some of your comment history, for I was absolutely certain you were a professional troll. I see you are not, yet this is how strongly my mind sits in a state of vast befuddlement. ID theft has been international news, countless laws exist to protect ID, identity. Yet, you just shrug this all aside, and 'meh' the whole thing? Your ID is most certainly secret. There are acts all over the world, protecting Personal Identifiable Information (Pii). ID, as it includes things like name, address, sex, height, weight, age, eye colour, signature, falls under a variety of legislations. My ID is not having any of the things you said, done. Not legally . It is illegal where I live, for companies, or persons, to share PII without permission. And even if permission is granted, there are massive restrictions on how to store it, share it, and so on. My ID is seen as "a secret to be kept" by the state. Laws exist for the purpose of keeping it as secret as possible. Due to all of these laws, ID is not asked for, at least where I live, in the bizarre fashion it seems to be asked for, where ever you live. For example, when I open a bank account, the banking rep does ask for my ID, look at my ID, and... return it! No copying, cloning, scanning, or even writing down the number! Why would they? The purpose of ID is to show "Yeah, this guy is who he claims to be", and that's it. Purpose over. Once done, the bank issues me ID to use with it, and its services. My bank card. And remembering ID? Who would I even be sharing my ID with? I've gone years without pulling it out of my pocket. Why do I need it? For whom? When? Regardless, your last paragraph isn't relevant. You're discussing someone pulling an illegal act, compared to my desire to reduce the probability of an illegal act happening. I don't think there's much left to say here. You seem to want to ignore all differences of scale and scope, and just pretend that things with different risk factors, are 100% identical. No bank photocopies ID in Canada. Ever. A secret is a thing you do not share with another. What do you think PII laws say? Don't share! I don't see the point in continuing here. You merely wish to try to change the meaning of words, over and over. It's pointless. Can you write a counter article? Unfortunately, I'm incredibly handsome, charismatic, and just generally awesome, and as a result this keeps happening to me. There's always lots of drama when I just want to remain co-workers, and I've had to move on often. Help appreciated. One thing which hit me when reading it, was the cache of email addresses, all to receive this 'Canadian Eyes Only' and 'Secret'. For anyone, it creates a chain of people who are ... required? Important enough? Need to know? Said info... There's like a few security implications here, such as, whom to apply pressure to. Some GoC department employees, on even LinkedIn for example, are restricted from indicating who precisely they work for. For this very reason. Even non-compliance-with-pressure tactics are a concern, for it helps to know whom precisely to attempt hacks against. Some might say "Meh, they probably already know this and that", but things like this are precisely how they already know this and that. Please do not train GPT3 to think/act like government workers. Or politicians. Please. I beg you. When monsters like this in the world exist, I think your doubt is misplaced. https://www.fox2detroit.com/news/hiv-exposure-sex-crimes-sna... The "when you do $x, you drain society's emergency resources" is, IMO, an absurd argument. If this is true, then you need to point the finger at so many things. Rock-climbing. Mountain biking. And it progresses, to "anything even remotely risky", where "risky is now the absolute lowest common denominator". And of course, so many sports? Banned. This sort of "walking on eggshells" view of life is quite disturbing to me. They are also set for other reasons, like "Bob complained a lot, because of the noise of cars", and the limit gets reduced. Or "this road was quiet 20+ years ago", but the city has grown, and now it is a major throughfare, so "Local residents campaigned to get a low speed limit", so that alternate routes are preferable. Both of the above have happened in my locale. Not even remotely true. The world has responded with "lockdowns", "masks", and more, which is the result of an unprecedented, 100 year class event, that being a pandemic. Your comment isn't really about normality, but instead about an extreme edge case scenario. The only thing worse than a pandemic, might be nuclear war, a massive nuclear accident, or large-scale disaster. Normality need not be conflated with actions during emergency scenarios. Lastly -- imagine if people DID engage in more, "only affected themselves' risky behaviour. It would mean more hospital visits, therefore more hospital capacity, more doctors/nurses/etc etc, which would mean more ability to absorb and deal with large scale emergency issues. Legality is not relevant. Morality is. Do not conflate the two, for they are not the same. Example: society, and yes democratic ones, once told black people that they had no rights ; that they were animals; livestock. They also told Jews that they could not vote. Was society spot on there? What about the 1000s upon 1000s of examples of immoral laws which can be found, over time, and yes even now, which serves to invalidate the claim that following them is moral? From where I sit, each law must be measured against ones own morality. Failure to do so, is to cast the responsibility each human has aside, to instead wrap yourself in a shell of false righteousness! I am not claiming "ignore the law", but merely that you may not determine what is 'right or wrong', merely due to the opinions of others around you, nor due to a societal system which attempts to balance thousands of pressures, and then pass laws. Firstly, courts have repeated struck down sections of laws, or laws in their entirety, for this very reason. And often after those laws have stood for decades. By your logic, by your reasoning, to follow those laws is a moral requirement, yet one minute you are moral, the next immoral? The stroke of a judge's pen, an argument in Parliament/Congress, and your morals are now right, or wrong? No. Your morals must be crafted on your own, examined, re-examined, see battle against your own interpretation of the universe, and grow with time. Laws are not this. Laws are not morals. Laws are not to be followed blindly. To that end, I find your argument to be lacking. You assume that society is "better than the person" at determining "right or wrong". This is not so. The government is not papa, mama, to be looked to for advice. If you wish to discuss further, I am happy to, but I will not accept an argument that places legality on some sort of even keel, even subsuming morality. No. Never. We have anti-drunk-driving programs where I live, and they work . These comprise of surprise, out of the blue road blocks and spot checks. They work . Ergo, at least some of this can indeed be solved. https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/pub/85-002-x/2016001/article... That's a drop to 1/3, in 30 years. Further, drunk driving used to be much more accepted. In the "old days", cops would often let people go if they were drunk, but seemed OK at driving. Now there is absolutely zero tolerance for drunk driving, which also means that if there is an accident/death, and even the hint of alcohol, it is now labelled as 'drunk driving'. This is partially to reinforce the (needed) narrative, but also because cops hate to see this sort of thing, and therefore, it increases the penalties when someone dies. This inflates the statistics, yet the rate is, as seen, extensively reduced. Beyond spot checks, you now have a very low tolerance for any alcohol in the blood. Down to 0.05 where penalties start, meaning that even a full grown man worries about drinking a beer (recall, we have stronger alcohol content in beer in Canada) and driving. These sorts of things, and more, can dramatically change the landscape... regardless of human nature. I agree however, that there will always be outliers. Those that do not comply. However, you're trying to link "Driving cars", with "See all the ills they cause!", which I deem to be highly unfair and non-logical. You could point to any other thing, knives, guns, chainsaws, ladders, and explain how due to human nature, these things will sometimes be used for ill. While this is true, it is a nasty trick, in order to get ones personal peeve resolved. What the? Speed limits where I live are lower than they should be, not higher. Painting is designed to aid drivers, and improve safety, not induce greater speed. Speed limits are enforced, for people receive tickets all the time. There is plenty of transport available where I live, to take the bus or other public transport -- or even bike, to get to where you want! All of your examples do not apply here. They're made up. I do realise that in the US, you have these weird zoned areas, instead of having supermarkets in communities and so on. But to have people get upset, and demande wider roads (for safety), to demand roads are better marked (for safety), then have someone come along 20 years later and yell "why are these roads so wide and well marked, that's unsafe " is a bit much to stomach. Absurd. Right from the start of the paper: Traditional traffic engineers argue a wider lane is safer. Although every engineering standard publication (FHWA 2011; TAC 1999) identifies pavement width as the most influential safety feature, discussion is surprisingly scarce (Hauer, 1999) The article itself asserts that "traffic engineers" believe this to be safer, that "every engineering standard publication" agrees. Whilst the article may, or may not provide a conflicting view (I haven't the time to read it right now), it 100%, completely and totally agrees that roads are built this way to promote safety . It agrees, stating that this is why engineers are building roads this way. The very best you can argue is that "this is wrong", but you cannot argue "the purpose is not safety", for this is why engineers are doing it! You are literally misrepresenting things. Please stop. You are literally misrepresenting things, by quoting the first sentence of the abstract Wrong. As I said, it is at the start of the paper . It is not the first sentence. Your statement is inaccurate. without apparently reading any of the rest Wrong. I did read some of the rest, and in fact indicated precisely where I stopped. or even internalizing the meaning of that sentence. One might argue that to internalize, is to be human. That there is always bias. However, this is hardly the case here, for what is instead happening, is that you are ignoring cause and effect. Yes, every engineering standard identifies pavement width as a safety feature, but none of them provide evidence to back this up. The few actual investigations of actual crash statistics show the opposite to be true. The above is irrelevant. Let me explain again. You assert this: Roads are widened and paint lines extended for driver comfort, not for safety. Yet, how do roads get widened? Well, a process exists, and part of that process is to follow standards, and to have engineers enact those standards at the behest of, for example, governments. The process is simple. Clear. Logical. And both your cited paper, and everything else I've read indicates this happens: - engineers looks at standards, are trained on standards - standards say 'wider is safer', engineers believe this standard. - money is spent, roads are built wider, with the intention of improving safety Yet by stating "Roads are widened ... for comfort", you claim the act of widening was predicated upon some other motive. Yet, this is not so. Even your paper agrees it is not so. You are confusing 'cause' and 'effect'. As I said in my prior post, all you can argue at this point is that this is wrong . You cannot argue that people are building roads wider for comfort , for this is not their intent . Again, when you say "Roads are widened ... for comfort", you are indicating intent. Yet the intent is clearly NOT this. You are providing no context for anything else. I am going to be very honest here, and I will ask that you do not take this the wrong way, for you are not alone in this. By stating "Why this is happening" as "What people intended", and by stating "What the effect is" as "Why a thing was done", you are going to immediately lose your audience, and lose any chance of getting your real point across. I know what you meant . The problem is, that even now, you have not actually said it. What you meant to say was: "All those governments may be paying exorbitant outlays from their budgets to widen roads, and all those engineers may be insisting on wider roads for safety, but they are wrong . Instead, there is a lack of data for this, and this assertion is predicated upon a falsehood." I am fairly sure the above is somewhat what you mean. But again, by stating it as you did? It immediately seems like you think everything is some sort of conspiracy, which engineers, municipalities, governments are in on. Purposefully, intentionally, trying to make roads less safe. And that concept is indeed absurd. This is how mail works. Follow the RFC or you're wrong. https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5321 I haven't read the article, but SMTP response codes are very specific. If there were SMTP response codes in the 5xx range, that's a perm failure, end of story. Temp fail messages, 4xx, can be used for 'try later'. That's how SMTP works. What you are suggesting would break email. Rejected twice? When do you retry? 5 seconds later? 5 minutes? An hour? When is the message requeued to send? When do you stop trying, when the remote side has already said "Hey, this user has no account here!". Meanwhile, the end user sent a message to bod@ by accident, instead of bob@, and your mail server keeps retrying to send mail, even when the remote mail server said "Hey! That account doesn't exist!". It's a typo, but you've decided to 'make things better', so now, until that bounce happens, the end user won't find out they made that mistake. Things work as they do for a reason, and the people saying 5xx means bounce! are right. Email is extremely non-brittle, and everyone following the RFC is one main way it is able to be non-brittle. What is naive here, is that you think things are the way there are, for no reason. Mail is decades old, built upon millions of hours of work crafting software, RFC standards, and works the way it does, including bounces, to ensure stability. A 5xx error means 'perm failure'. There are a variety of 5xx class responses, from 'user account deleted' to 'no such domain'. It is, in fact, a working mail system, which responds with 5xx, or 4xx (temp fail) or 2xx (received OK) messages. A severely broken system is incapable of even responding. For a mail system to respond with 5xx, when it is internally broken, is 100% a configuration issue. Every MTA on the planet, is designed (eg, postfix, sendmail, etc) to respond with a 4xx TEMP fail message if something is borked. A milter gone bad. A library missing. A full disk. A config issue. An issue forking. Memory limits. All of it. By default, MTAs are designed to 4xx(tempfail) on those errors. Loads, and loads, and loads of work to ensure that. Code meticulously crafted. This is how good engineering works. This is how the RFC works. You either get no ACK for your SYN, because it is so borked, or you get a 4xx if it can run, but has a failure condition.. OR someone did something very, very wrong. I understand your angst, but the real problem isn't the RFC, or the sender not retrying. The problem is: - the MTA was up and running - it had an error condition on its back end - whomever set everything up, didn't taking into account internal failure conditions, and to respond with a 4xx if that was the case THAT is where the "good engineering" failed. Mail accounts are deactivated all the time. Domains are deactivated all the time. 5xx tells us this. Someone replying with 5xx, when they did not mean to, has a configuration issue on their end. That's all there is to it. I'll put this another way. What you want to do is make 5xx like 4xx, because you feel there should never be any way for a SMTP server to say "No, really, this email address doesn't exist.. don't bother trying again". I just realised that you may not get the other side of the scenario. On a 5xx series response, you bounce. Where does the bounce go? Back to the original sender. This is the 'closing of the loop'. Original sender sees the message was not sent successfully. They can now retry, resend, make a phone call, whatever. "Hey Bob, what was your email address again? I got a bounce. Ohhh, damn, I typed bod@ instead of bob@. I'll fix and resend. That's how it works. That's how it works for: - a typo in the email address - when an account is deleted (and maybe your friend has a new email address) - the remote mail admin did something horribly, horribly wrong, and it bounced as a result (Horribly, horribly wrong being -- they told their own mail servers that accounts did not exist, who helpfully passed that info on.) Same people argue that email is a hot mess You're lumping together "email content" with "SMTP". SMTP isn't a "patchwork of standards", it has a very specific RFC for it. SMTP works very, very, very well. Configuration issues can be, and often are, temporary. Also, bugs are a thing. This isn't just "a bug" or "a config issue", this is an edge case bug or config issue. I've handled literally hundreds of thousands of mail servers in high avail production, with some of those being extremely high volume. What you're wanting to change the normal flow of operation, for an extremely rare edge case. Of course there's a semantic difference between "come back later" and "go away forever", I'm just arguing that a client that doesn't blindly trust what every connected system tells it is going to more often successfully achieve its goals than one which does. Not true here. In 99.999999% of cases when you get a 5xx response code, the correct thing to do is immediate bounce. This sort of mess, 5xx 'by accident', is insanely rare. And it's not 'go away forever', it's "this specific mail cannot be delivered, please return it to sender, so they can examine the issue and deal with it". It's "bring a human into the equation". How is this an issue? For something which is very, very rare. I'll be the fly in the ointment here, the additional sand in your shorts, and say "This is why bare metal is better". Bare metal doesn't have to be VM/containerless. Roll your own. But at least in this case, you're dealing with your own issues, with things not hidden and abstracted away, and at literally 1/100th to 1/10000th the cost of AWS. And yes, that's with the hardware investment and wage costs rolled in. I feel like AWS and others created some sort of one ring, and just reeled admins in, pulling them from the wild, so that with a shortage of greybeards, people can't find those with the 'sysadmin temperament', and are therefore stuck with cloud. And it is indeed a specific temperament, to create stability, which means creating some constraint, yet to forge that constraint in the most effective way, whilst doing one's best to enable devs to work most effectively. AWS has constraints, but because it's a wall of "this is the way external corp does it", it gets far less flack than the guy that smells like onions, when he says "we can't do this safely" or "this policy must be followed". Yes, OK, this is a bit of a rant. Sorry. With bare metal, you just have to roll your own monitoring. Primarily, only buy what you can work with easily. Mainly, esure raid monitoring can be scripted, and you really need not depend upon the manufacturer's horrid software (which I agree is just that). A bit of IPMI for failed power supplies, or what not. If a box dies, it dies, that's what failover is for. I don't your logging complain, you need it no matter what you do. Just use an rsyslog server, logcheck or other app, monitor for important events, done. I've never used anything off the shelf, and yet all I hear are complaints from those that do. I get how people might want to eschew the above for simple stuff, but once you start needing heavy monitoring, it's all the same ball of wax. The RFC does state that. Note the use of 'future' and 'corrected'. Understand context. The perm I state, is referencing that SMTP session, yet at the end of the session, your job is to bounce back to end user. Else, how can the human fix things "after the spelling has been changed"? How can the human get involved without the bounce? You apparently missed the whole point of newsletters automatically unsubscribing users on a 5xx error from the previous discussion There was no previous discussion / topmost thread, as I replied directly to the topmost comment, and this thread forks from that. No mention was made of newsletter unsubscribes thread upwards. Further, I made it quite clear I was discussing SMTP response codes, and not the article directly. Ergo, your stated context, isn't the context of this whole thread/discussion. Further, from what I see, everyone in this thread is discussing MTAs, SMTP, SMTP return codes. that the topmost comment was referring to. Not that you are to blame for missing that because it wasn't restated here, but that's the context of the whole discussion. No, it isn't the context of this thread/discussion, as per above. If I have sent emails successfully to a certain email address before it is not wise to assume a permanent error on a single response that the RFC specifies as permanent. Email/SMTP is in it's core a stateless protocol, but as a mailing list service I can keep state and provide additional context to errors that can improve my service. In the context of the RFC, mailing list software should be viewed the same as a 'human being'. Of course it's fine to it to re-send, if the software wishes. Just like it is fine for you to send a mail with your mail client, get a 5xx, and re-try by clicking 'send' once again. (5xx errors can happen during auth/etc stages too) However, during this entire thread I've have been peppering the words 'MTA', "smtp server', 'bounce' and more. Note that the mailing list software you're describing, is receiving a bounce . Bounces only happen from the MTA side. EG, mailing list software doesn't "bounce" anything, ever. Only an MTA does. Without that bounce, most mailing list software won't even know there is an issue . Others upthread were advocating that MTAs don't bounce on an initial 5xx failure, regardless of my assertions that the client/end user should receive an immediate 5xx perm failure message. Whether a human, or some automated software, as per my upstream statements, the proper thing to do is bounce back to the sender. 5xx, bounce, return. In 99.9999999% of cases, this is what is needed. This is the majority case. Then, the mailing list software, the end user, can do as they wish. Including trying a resend. I don't see the conflict here, except it's apparent that a lot of people don't have much in the way of MTA experience. That's not even a knock on them, but it is a bit disheartening to see people suggesting massive MTA behaviour/RFC alteration for no reason. To speak to mailing list behaviour, as a separate issue from above, repeated hits to 5xx targets will get you blacklisted faster than you can imagine. It's the equivalent of knocking on someone's door, them answering and saying "Sorry, Bob moved out", but you come back all day and night, banging on the door "HEY IS BOB THERE?!" Yeah. That'll work out well. Just because you can do something, doesn't mean you even remotely should. Saying I agree with the topmost comment, is not accurate. What I said, and with the context and nuance indicated in this thread, is different than what the top most comment's author said, and its replies. I get what the author was trying to say, but it's still -- a very limited view. Mostly because of the last bit (better/faster). Birds are to planes, as humans are to cars. Yet can a car leap over barricades, climb mountains, trees, self-repair, turn on a dime, stop instantly, etc, etc? A plane cannot maneuver like a bird, take off in crazy weather conditions, land on a dime in a tree, stop almost instantly in flight, and change direction, etc. I think what you've quoted has a lot of value here, for, what we should expect from an artificial brain, isn't a human brain. This is truth. However, while it may be faster in a specific capacity, but it won't have the same characteristics. So yes, expecting it to be like a human brain doesn't make sense. Yet better/faster? I don't think we can compare this, they're too different. (which is really the quote's point, but I just didn't like the better/faster bit at the end...) Tracking is different than historical data, for tracking can be a live, forwarded feed. And even with that, you'd need a court order to force compulsion. Historical data, if it doesn't exist, cannot be revealed. And so far, there is no legislation forcing web activity to be stored for, well, months and years, like some of these jokers do. While the lead theory may indeed be true, one other thing has changed in almost all areas of the world. Birth rates. And with declining birth rates, comes a decline in the number of youth, meaning "more of the population" is of an older age. Men are typically at their most aggressive when young adults, and those which have started families, have a different perspective on life. Note: not saying the above is the cause, but I do believe it to be a valid theory. edit: it is also plausible that multiple things cause one effect. Back when I was a kid, the Atari 2600 joystick: https://www.digitalgamemuseum.org/consolecontrollerevolution... was known to be tough. Over engineered, which makes sense in a new market. I had a friend, who would get annoyed/frustrated, and literally THROW the joystick against the wall. The floor. Your head. :P Tantrum kid. Anyhow, other than the rubber top coming off of the stick, it just worked forever. I remember when I moved to the Vic20, then the C64 and eventually the Amiga, I still had those Atari joysticks in use with each newer machine. Incredible joystick. I can't imagine a modern console controller standing up to Tantrum Kid. (Not saying your kids are throwing controllers at walls, floors, people's heads, etc...) I bought a current model on Amazon, about 6 months ago, but was really disappointed. I have a rooted Nook Glowlight, years old, yet I find it much better. The Dasung had several 'modes' you could choose, but none worked well. Worse, their software is closed source, is fairly buggy, and requires root for zero reason. I felt very uncomfortable about installing it, and didn't. https://www.reddit.com/r/Paperlike/comments/au0yuc/dasung_on... Without the software installed, you have to manually hit the 'refresh' button. This is done to clear up errant pixels aka a screen flash. Yet the refresh process was slow, so to test, rather than let their questionable software do it, I hit the manual button on the monitor. The flash on/off was highly annoying, and I couldn't imagine reading text, coding, working this way once the software was installed. Customer service from dasung was non-existent. I had to return it. I so much want an e-ink display. Hah! I bet in the mind of a bank exec, it may very well. An amusing point. There are laws in some countries preventing this, but your point is entirely valid and even makes me wonder about opting out. Heeeey, wait a minute, is this some banking MILDEC type scenario? Who are you? (j/k) If this is about the MC form, I found that if I pasted my CC number (such as from a pass manager), it would bork unless: - I entered the number - Then moved to the front of the input field - Deleted a char, and re-entered it, because - an end-of-field char change removes the whole number Wait a sec, even two seconds, and the number will auto-obscure. Then it works. We tried the same thing, in Canada, with the yellow fever vaccine. There were shortages about 6? 7? years ago, and 1/5th dosage was consider a stop-gap, by conveying some immunity. (And, better outcomes overall, too) Not sure how all of that wound up, but: https://www.who.int/emergencies/yellow-fever/mediacentre/qa-... edit: For clarity, there wasn't an outbreak in Canada, but just shortages if you wanted to travel, and needed the vaccine. Supposedly identical, yet the European one (French?) wasn't approved for use in Canada yet. Your response made me think back to my research a few years back. Mostly, because I am surprised that there are STILL shortages! For more than half a decade?! Found this: https://www.ashp.org/Drug-Shortages/Current-Shortages/Drug-S... Quote: Sanofi Pasteur has YF-Vax multi-dose vials and single dose vials on back order and the company estimates product will be available in 2021.[1] Sanofi Pasteur has worked with FDA to make another vaccine, Stamaril, available in the US under an investigational new drug program. Stamaril is yellow fever vaccine manufactured by Sanofi Pasteur in France. It is not licensed in the US. This, I recall. I also recall some more research, which I cannot find now, in that there were different production methods between the two vaccines. Hence, the lack of quick approval. Yet Yellow Fever is crazy spreadable! And still the vaccine is not fully approved in the US/Canada?! I recall reading a report, where one person with yellow fever was briefly in an airport lounge. 20 minutes later, a few people passed through, and most caught it! Just... it makes COVID look like a joke , yet here governments are dragging their heels over approvals due to production methods over the same strains? And those production methods / that company has been making and administering that version for decades? To hundreds of millions? It really makes you think a bit about COVID approvals. Talk about a change of heart. One thing to Google is "constructive dismissal". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constructive_dismissal#Changes... I am not even remotely suggesting that you bring this up to management. However, the concept of 'Job changed, title and/or pay stayed the same', is well understood, and has legal connotations in both civil code, and employment legislation. My point is, have your job duties changed significantly? Are you managing other developers? Mentoring them? It sounds like you're leading projects, which isn't just 'Front-end Developer'. Hence, you have been "constructively dismissed". However! You're getting paid for the role. This is why I'd not even remotely suggesting that you approach management from this angle, but I might if I was about to leave, due to insufficient pay raises for a changed role. So mostly, this is to give you info that 'lots of thought has gone into changing roles, and title/pay as a result'. And maybe a string to pull at. Really though, I'd likely just take what others have suggested. Just write your resume with role titles comparative to what you've done. List those large projects you've lead, and write 'Project Lead' or some other blather. "Head developer of project $x', and so on. Due to your email address, I hate you. ( Jealousy ) During development, and initial per-unit sales? Sure. Once mass produced, not even close. Think of: - training costs (training grunts isn't 100% free) - pay as soldiers wait to go on missions - and here's the BIG one, medical care - and lastly? PR! PR, no more "soldiers coming home in body bags". Why, you can fight any war you want, and no one will get upset about your soldiers dying. Yet beyond that? How do you negotiate with one of these things? How do you trick them, by walking an "innocent" up to them, and blowing them up? This is bound to happen. There is no way it wouldn't I believe, of course in short term, we gotta worry about stuff like politics, solving hunger and world peace. There will never be world peace, unless humanity is no longer human, or alternately, under the boot of an all encompassing empire ruled by force. To believe otherwise, is to believe history teaches us nothing, nor our knowledge of human behaviour. To assume that we somehow have a culture which "can do this", that our modern beliefs are "enlightened" enough to allow this, is the ultimate in hubris. Sure... humanity couldn't do it before, but now? Now, we're just ever so enlightened and perfect enough to enable world peace. There are only two real ways to enable world peace. 1) Genetically engineer the entire species to become more... social. Kill or prevent any 'old style' human reproducing. End the old species. There are innumerable issues here, including "we're just messing around with what we barely comprehend". Yet our entire culture is predicated upon how the human brain works, and the human brain works more on genetics, than post-birth learning. OR 2) Take over the entire planet, killing everyone who disagrees with you, and ensuring that due to the technology involved there can NEVER be a revolution. Further, destroy and hunt down every single person which does not swear fealty ; allow no external empires to form. Ever. NOTE: I am not happy about this, yet, this is reality. Let me put this another way. You want world peace? OK! Great! First, you'll need to end all murders, thefts, all anti-social behaviour. "World peace" is denied because of the genetics that create this behaviour. They're the same problem. Just like drones used to bomb, as you suggest with Kansas. As time passes though, especially on an actual open battlefield, raw 'kill everything that moves" becomes more of a potential too. However? My logic was predicated upon cost, and if implemented, cost reduction due to all those body bags. You think Nixon and Kennedy were purely motivated by the cost of US soldiers, when they wanted out of Vietnam? They sent those troops there to begin with! No. They cared about the PR issues, and re-election. I'm not talking about fooling. Mass produced, these things would be 10k max. We're talking 10+, 15+ years out. What sort of fear do robot soldiers have? None. How does it make people "upset", if a robot soldier is blown up. Now think on the converse. Right now, suicide bombers take out soldiers, but almost always take out innocents around those soldiers. Often, children are killed. Now, imagine the locals knowing that absolutely no enemy will be killed, just a machine, but dozens or more of their friends, family may be killed. How long will suicide bombing last, when the only human casualties are the local population? Gun control is a uniquely US problem, at least in its current form. Yet this isn't going to have the same problem as gun control, for example, how easily can people obtain nuclear material? And terrorists? Sure, but an explosive truck is probably easier than one of these. And if sales are controlled, then they won't have a domestic army of them. In terms of hacking? 100% agree. It's why I find Tesla's OTA updates to be, frankly, insane. Full control of things like brake firmware has been demonstrated, with an OTA fix to brakes in the past. This means that, along with autonomous modes, you could perhaps manage to (especially with an inside man), force-push updates, regardless of driver permissions, to all Teslas out there. And set them to run into everyone they find, just run over as many people as possible. So there is tonnes of risk, and anyone thinking "Oh, they'll secure thing $x" is, IMO, a damned fool. Hack, after hack, after hack, after hack, proves this to be absurd. We literally cannot lock down anything . Anything. Not CIA infrastructure, not any corporate infrastructure, not government infrastructure, not health care, nothing . So I agree, 100%, robots with guns = horrid, just from that one angle. But I contend that they are cheap, and effective, so you can bet governments will use them. The link? Your reference to chemical weapons. I see the concern, yet I'm more concerned about genetically engineered death. And training people from (for example) China on how to do this, seems beyond absurd. The future is biotech created death I think. Another example, genetically engineered animals, designed to kill as well. How about mosquitoes, pre-loaded with viral payloads? What about bacteria which infects well water, and is literally impossible to ever get rid of, once in the wild? How about a fungus, which destroys wheat, which primarily the west eats, yet the east doesn't (rice)? How about gut flora/fauna, which when fed (eg, when you eat), releases a mind altering substance? A poor fellow was infected with yeast, which made him drunk every time he ate, so imagine a genetically engineered set of bacteria which releases a mild hallucinogenic? One that makes it impossible to concentrate? How will you cure this, if your scientists can't think straight? Or worse, what if it's an aphrodisiac? Let's try to solve a problem, when you can't keep your hands off of yourself. I can think of so many endless horrors, and most of them biotech related. https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/china-canada-universities-r... Old crusty greybeard here. If you're being charged 10x @32k, that's 3k/week 'normal' charges. This makes me think that your infrastructure could be hosted for about $3k/year, redundant, with bare metal and minimal downtime. And that's with renting bare metal. Not even the cheaper option of owning your own. There are lots of paths here, but I doubt you want to leave GCP, even though you're now seeing the perils of: 1) Zero real support from places like AWS/GCP/etc 2) Zero real control, or ability to easily migrate, once you tie-in That said, as you believe you can do nothing to move/mitigate, I believe this is a logical appeal to GCP to 'fix things', by shaming them with this horrid bug, via this post. And they should be shamed! GCP, as AWS, is charging an insane premium for such services. However, there isn't much for us to do, accept agree that the entire scenario is absurd. And my post serves that, as I hate to see so many young companies have all their runway eaten up by absurd, 100x to 1000x costs in the cloud, even outside of these bugs. And bare metal is how you control your own destiny. It's also how you remain un-vendor locked into cloud 'extras'. You can also run your own 'cloud' on bare metal too. NOTE: my email is in my profile. Suggest (if you want to remain unannounced) you create some sort of throw-away for yours, if you want to enable out-of-band communication on topics like this. Not clear on why everything will be slower. In my experience, when you run your own hardware, you have guaranteed responsiveness to processing power, RAM speed, I/O. AWS rates, as an example, are so insanely high, that you can literally buy a server with 100x the processing power for the same price point as an AWS instance. That is, hardware purchase amortized over 2 year or so. In terms of hosting with bare metal, you can easily procure bare metal, non-managed, quite cheaply on a monthly basis. Here you're often paying 1.5x or 2x the price of raw hardware, yet you have someone managing all of the infrastructure for you. (Think of this as leasing costs, without having the hardware left over afterwards) The key is to have redundancy, just as you would in the cloud. However, the more you scale, the less that redundancy costs, as you do not require 2x the hardware, merely spare hardware to swap in during a failure event. EG, 2 DB servers means one must be redundant, 10 servers therefore means 10% of your capacity is for redundancy, not load. And you can easily spread hardware out over multiple datacenters. Worst case, you can always target said hardware for development, saving on costs for testing/devs, if you ensure that deployment is not specific to one cloud provider. You can easily roll out, for example, KVM and spawn whatever containers you wish inside each VM. Although, I'll get all greybeard on you here, and suggest the merits of containerization don't overcome the reduced reliability due to additional complexity, the security issues due to unvetted upstream images, and the list goes on. But that's a whole other conversation, and you likely have few free CPU cycles to think on such things right now. EDIT: I'm not sure what industry you're in, but most companies I deal with tend to have very consistent load. That is, day in and day out, load is relatively consistent, with little variance between December 3rd and May 5th. Or, at least, peak load doesn't suddenly go off the charts. If you're not consumer facing, but instead corporate facing, you often have a much better eye into load. For example, you know more load is coming due to monthly subscription numbers. So two things: - as you literally pay 1/100th the cost for bare metal, scaling is typically not even a factor here. You save absurd amounts of cash, because you can already scale to 100x the load for the same price. 100x the load is an insane amount of scale. You're almost certainly going to run into non-hardware issues at that scale. DB provisioning/size. Scale and scope of data storage. Code issues. Internal networking issues. - in the old days, devs would spend more time optimizing code, for example, I've literally reduced DB load by astonishing numbers, not even joking here, 1000x load reduction due to query rewrites, 100k times faster due to code rewrites By the way, I realise I have no optics here into your setup. Just consider this COVID lockdown-free, bored out of my mind advice. :P apt is an incredible package manager. Don't blame the hammer, blame the carpenter. The problem here is packaging, and maintainer decisions. And yes, I'm familiar with the issues here, and the bugs filed. I think it was handled... improperly as well. Hmm. When I look at the graphs, I see nothing spectacular here, except for one. In all cases, they pretty much mirror every other country, which over time shows gradual declines. That is, except for Cerebrovascular. I have to wonder, what of WWII? 1) Almost every single Japanese city of any size was firebombed, and the cities being mostly wooden, most of those cities burned extensively. https://ww2db.com/battle_spec.php?battle_id=217 (scroll down a bit for a chart of some of the cities bombed, 50+? More, even?) In fact, the number of deaths from firebombing dwarfed the two nuclear bombs dropped. Now imagine all of that smoke, burning varnish + paint + wood for days or weeks on end. You may think that burning wood is not an issue, but people have died from burning pressure treated wood, as an example, due to the chemicals in it. I don't know what sort of treatments 1940s Japan had in its mostly wooden cities of the time, including buildings 100+ years old, but you can be sure they had something. Pressure treating has been around since the early 1800s, but even staining/coating wood with chemicals to kill pests (insects), is almost a certainty. How does this affect a person's body? There is a lot of talk about diet, and diet is important, but what about creosote, a common preservation agent used on wood at the time? There are all sorts of potential side effects, and as we known from some other conditions, it can take a long time to manifest. https://www.science.gov/topicpages/t/tar+creosote+exposure Or, perhaps, damage is done... but does not exhibit itself until old age. Meaning, "near the end", the thing which gets you is "what has been most weakened." 2) Of course, there were the bombs. There were birth defects, raised cancer rates, on and on. 3) People with 'bad outcomes' in those graphs peaking up to the 1970s, would have been 20 to 30 years old or so in the 40s. I guess what I'm saying here is, 20-30 year olds during WWII would show as a peak in graphs during the 70s, potentially. Why do the graphs start right when those who experienced WWII as adults, would be perhaps dying due to the effects of those conditions? Ah well. Just thoughts. This. And to add my own expansion to this, the number of ants studied by humans is effectively zero. First, out of all the ant biomass, humans have only seen a very, very tiny amount. Ants are so numerous, and so ubiquitous, Google claims 10 billion billion. Yet this number seems incredibly low, for apparently (wikipedia) some ant colonies have 100s of millions of workers. Regardless, as a human, can you imagine trying to visit each ant colony? How about if you lived just as long as an ant, or thereabouts? Say, a few years? How about ant colonies which appear, die off? And how about the fact that ants have been around since the dinosaurs, and our modern civilisation has been around for a few hundred? And how about if you are a researcher? Let's say you stand back, and watch the ants. Do the ants even notice? Especially the main colony? Or are you looking at a few out of endless numbers? What do they report when they get back. Do you even need to be near the ant colony to watching them? And after you've looked at 100 ant colonies, do you need to look at another 1000? Million? We keep discovering subtle branches of insects, so why would a.. I dunno, being comprised of energy, find different (after the first 1000) in a species with a bunch of meaty limbs? The presumption that "today we know precisely how the universe works, and therefore, all stories must follow this mindset", is odd here. Would you insist that Newtonian physics was the Only Way to Think of Things, prior to Einsteinian? Why, then, do you presume this will remain static forever? And therefore, suggest that a story should follow this logic? Indeed. So many seem to exude the concept that "today we know precisely how the universe works". Would one insist that Newtonian physics was the Only Way to Think of Things, prior to Einsteinian? While the speed of light may remain a barrier, it may not. Presuming the ability to be reached by a society which likely possesses scientific knowledge beyond ours, is to be a Roman, and presume the sun travels around the Earth, that the 4 aethers exist, and become angered otherwise. Interesting. Wan-to did such things, a plasmatic being which lives ib a star, via author Fredrick Pohl. The World at the End of Time. I wonder, did the author of the study read, then postulate? I find it difficult to respond without emotion, to such a comment. We likely know very very little about physics right now. My point with Newtonian physics is that at the time, it was The Physics. According to observation capable at the time, it seemed to make sense, with a few little oddities. To them, they thought they had a small hole in current physics. Does that sound like your "small hole" in current physics today? You believe we are knowledgeable, for we posses knowledge our ancestors do not. You believe we are right, for our observations tell us so. Yet how will we observe the universe 1000 years from now? 100? What tools will we have? Place yourself 1000 years hence. Our ancestors will look back, and see our current physics as we view Romans babbling on about The Elements and aethers. Yes, to our descendants, our science is absurdly simple, filled with holes, broken, the list goes on. We are not even remotely sure if space/time is consistent outside of our local region of space! Back to your Newtonian statement, what if all of our current physics was thus? A viewpoint which only worked under certain circumstances. From where I sit, this is the reality. We work with what we have, but must keep the knowledge of our massive ignorance in play too! There's not a lot to discuss here I guess, when your world view is so bracketed by infallibles. The point of the brownie isn't "people who are into photography". It's for every-person. Those who aren't into photography, and just want to have pictures to remember things. There are two points here. Who initiated the trend, and what the trend is now. If initiate the trend is to be discussed, that is, who started the social change, Blackberry was a behemoth in the smart phone market, before the iphone ever even existed. And they had cameras, messaging apps, their own ecosystem, and people shared photos with one another lavishly and often. If one is to discuss now, then Android phones are far more numerous than Apple devices, and frankly, more used by people just needing a cheap phone. And the brownie was cheap, quick and easy to use, and even very cheap Android phones today have "good enough" cameras. Just like the Brownie. "Good enough". Not sure why the author ties this to iphones. I can only assume it is like Kleenex. What? No! You cannot agree, you have entirely and completely broken my brain. This is the Internet! The Internet . Right or wrong, correct or not, you are supposed to argue your point relentlessly. God help us all, if more of you appear, and we actually discuss things, back and forth, using logic and reason. What shall become of us all? Edit: Immediate downvote. The above was sarcasm, a comment on our times, and an attempt to applaud simonh's frank and honest "OK, that's a fair point" type of response. simonh's response is rare. It shouldn't be. I'm wrong, everyone's wrong from time to time. So it's refreshing to see honest discourse. Downvote away?! Does my edit at least clarify, that my intent was not so? I prefer that, over comment removal... Didn't know about the max down votes, but it wasn't that. I didn't want simonh to have the wrong impression, or others. But thanks for the info. For clarity here, the barber wearing the mask protects others. This stops larger droplets, spittle, etc from easily reaching others. Non-n95 masks / etc don't filter much when breathing in. We wear masks to protect others... Well, some older browsers would try slapping .com at the end, and adding www at the start too, if no domain was found... So just typing sex could be fruitful... Oldest I have, is a site I let a friend from IRC setup on my box. http://l8r.net/amiga/ Lots of the images are from 1996: amiga/images: total 1112 -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 12187 Nov 9 1996 amigactit.jpg -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 2252 Nov 9 1996 Amiga.gif -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 9282 Nov 9 1996 BlueBack.gif -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 45784 Nov 9 1996 IBrowseNowAnim.gif -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 18014 Nov 9 1996 JoshSuit1L.jpg -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 4880 Nov 9 1996 JoshSuit1LNail.jpg -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 93300 Nov 9 1996 logo.jpg I just realised .. this site is probably older: http://geraldholmes.freeyellow.com/ but in the mid-2000s, when I discovered it was dying, I restored it here by finding images on archive.org: http://l8r.net/geraldholmes.freeyellow.com/ Not necessarily as per topic, but it was quite amusing at the time. Still a little funny now, at least to me. That's actually a buddy I knew on IRC, from 95/96 etc. Haven't seen / typed at him in 20+ years. If people are downloading the source, and executing that code, eg as parent said "frontend", then yes, it's on their computer. It's not server side, such as with PH, or python or backend js. However, the license doesn't have to appear on the website portion specifically highlighted for human viewing. It merely needs to exist, say, at the top of every javascript file. Or a link to where the text form of the license is. Just because it's inconvenient, and just because people are ignoring it, doesn't mean it's being done as it should be... A good point. Also: https://www.covercropstrategies.com/articles/1368-adding-hay... There's also strong logic in having hay as part of crop rotation, which as we know, is vital to reduce the need for fertilizer. On top of this, there's loads of land useless for anything other than grazing. Too dry, with no irrigation (only usable for grazing in the spring). Too rocky, too much of a slope, soil quality not right (too much clay, etc, etc), yet still able to support grasses. There's a lot of grazing done, in and outside of the US. Lastly, and this was mentioned GP, it's vital to produce more than we eat each year. Extremely vital. Part of all the subsidies we have, is to ensure farmers DO grow more than required. To ensure that the free market, doesn't bottom out pricing too much, because we have farmers over producing. If you want to start removing subsidies, then you should first ensure people have a year's worth of canned emergency food on hand. If people get hungry, that's where the knives come out. If your kid is hungry, you're going to feed it. There are loads of cases of hyper-inflation, which means that the currency's real-world value decreases. Here's the worst I've ever heard of: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyperinflation_in_Zimbabwe Yes, you read that right: "However, Zimbabwe's peak month of inflation is estimated at 79.6 billion percent month-on-month, 89.7 sextillion percent year-on-year in mid-November 2008." I recall interviews with government employees, who were quitting in droves. The Government wasn't keeping up with inflation, so at the end of 2 weeks, your check was basically worthless. The place was falling apart. People would run to the bank, cash pay checks, and buy STUFF. Anything. Anything physical. TVs, couches, bikes, blenders, ANYTHING. In one interview, a woman's living room was filled with random pieces of furniture, stacked to the ceiling, and a TV. To trade. For barter. Because even an hour later, that paycheck was worth so much less. Madness. An interjection here. Not directly related to the NYT article, just your comment. I feel the entire US has "gone mad". I'm a Canuck, and US and Canadian politics don't 'mesh'. So whenever I've spoken to Americans over the decades, often their politics make little sense, don't align, seem cogent to me. This, of course, I consider normal for a non-local such as myself. However over the last decade or so, I've noticed that the "two sides" in the US now each turn into gibbering mad lunatics when you discuss certain topics. Prior, I could at least discuss topics, without enraged foaming-at-the-mouth type of responses. IMO both sides have gone entirely, and completely mad. Politics in the US now seems to have lost all capability to talk to "the other side", and instead transitioned into immutable lines drawn in the sand, adopted with the logic often employed with religion, taken as gospel and truth merely for tribal sake. It's almost like the death of religion, has transition that same unyielding faith-only, non-empirically backed up logic into politics. On both sides. As if the US psyche requires some faith based belief system as the central core of its existence. Alternatively, it just could be endless whispers from external, hostile nations... designed to create endless turmoil and the eventual downfall of the US empire. Which, to me, is quite sad. edit: To highlight what I mean here... "talking points". In the past, I could have real, meaningful discussions with Americans about political topics. I'd "say things", and they'd say things back, and we'd have a conversation about a specific political stance. Now, this has devolved into almost everyone, whether left or right, having "talking points". Most often, these talking points have not even been examined by those I'm talking to. They are simply repeated, without the speaker even having thought of what it means, or even able to debate that position with any clarity. And again, this is "both sides". It's like each is merely repeating words from a "holy book", and heresy is the result if one diverges. It's like each side has a Pope, which issues edicts, and even if it doesn't make sense, the duty is to repeat, obey, and try to find wisdom in the words one must follow. No longer politics. Religion. Hence my take -- madness. But a cable is such a simple item to find out if it's broken 5 seconds?! Poor assumption. You're presuming this is "only the types of cables you buy". Many times I buy cables to do things with devices, for which I have no working cable already. Examples: * My device stops syncing with my cable. Is it the device, or the cable? I buy a replacement cable, just in case. Replacement cable doesn't work. Now I think it's probably the device. I spent time here, checking to see what's changed, maybe an update, maybe a config setting, maybe something else. Or, is the device just broken? Do I send it away for repair? * I want a cable to use with something I've had for years. Lots and lots and lots of examples here, all sorts of devices, like serial cables to debug with routers/switches, test cables, even just an ethernet cable, if you may not have had one before. Now you test, and you can't tell. Is the port on the device bad? The settings you are using to connect? The device firmware? A problem with the port on the computer you're using to connect to the device? Hours and hours wasted. Worse, you advocate buying two. Great. This means that no matter what, I'm returning that spare cable. Now it's not '5 seconds' to determine it is bad, it's 'no matter what, I'm spending 20 minutes returning something I never wanted to begin with". Frankly, I'd rather spend $10 extra on some types/classes of $20 cable, to have it pre-tested even. High end fibre routers use multi-spectral bandwith, effectively allowing for multiple data streams to be transmitted on one fibre cable, and re-broken out at the other end. This significantly increases bandwidth. I doubt the laser links support this, and I wonder if any could, when in a non-encapsulated environment. EG, spectral pollution from sunlight/etc. Yes, this. I know they do with Videotron. Except a case like this could so easily have memory, or even a physical toggle switch. So many things should be "preserved state" switches, but people put up with it. Not sure why. Not sure I like this, for many spinning disk raids of that scale I have are mostly read, rarely write. With raid 6 for example, I pop in a new drive, and all the write/repair hits only that drive. With a virtual spare, all drives end up with massive writes, meaning I might hit write errors, thus borking a raid which would have been ok for reads. I realise there are 100 'what ifs' and scenarios here, but when my raids tend to drop a drive, it's on heavy write ops, not reads. I'd say 90% of the time. I imagine ssd cascading/eol write failures might make this virtual spare failure scenario even more likely. (yes I am aware of sector reallocation delays on spinning disks, I am referring to real EOL scenarios on drives during writes, being far more common for me than reads) I bought, and returned the Note Air. The build quality is impressive. I had it for 2 weeks, used it for about an hour daily, and set it to only poweroff after a day of inactivity. Its battery dropped from 100% to 48% over that time. Yes, I was quite positively impressed. However, their theft of code (which is what you do, if you do not respect the code license, eg, gpl), the fact that even a brand new model tablet was 3+ monthly Android security updates behind, and the pcaps I took showing all the phoning home, including IPs in China... Well... As I said, returned. Quite sad, loved the hardware. This guy is indeed awesome, a very valuable resource, however he only reviews from the perspective of usage, not covering things like security updates, gpl compliance, phoning home, etc. With all the phoning home, and lack of security updates, you may want to reconsider ever entering anything sensitive into a Boox product. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26203389 Note that netguard (a vpn firewall solution) is not active at boot. It gets kicked well after wifi comes up. My tcpdump tests showed a few seconds of traffic before it started blocking. This is a known thing, but it is time enough that I watched loads of traffic phone home on boot. Another thing, is that the wifi connectivity test/beacon has been modified to point to the boox store url. This is not blocked by a VPN, and thus, anything could be happening. To be fair, once netguard was up and running, it did block all but that, and I ran tcpdump over several days watching. Of course, if you want any part of the Boox ecosystem, you have to let it phone home. I used adb to move files on/off the device. Zero issues there. Now sure about their note app, but I bet that review guy, mentioned elsewhere in this topic, covers it? Suspended was, to me, one of the coolest games ever. Back in the day, on my C64, as a young teenager, I ended up with a pirated copy of it. I had no map, instructions, and it made it even more incredible / awesome. I was at that age where you can actually feel your brain 'expanding', where you can feel your capability to handle complex logic and math problems growing. And Suspended made me really, really think. At the time, I thought it was immense fun. I wonder if any teenager today, would ever even try to get into it, or, would ever enjoy it. An interesting page, yet the font has text-shadow enabled -- which on my monitor/desktop/browser, just makes it look blurry. To me, it's barely legible. It may appear different to others, for example when I looked on my phone, the effect was not as prominent. I'll pass. https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/sql-mode.html#sql-mo... Much of your MySQL complaint is not a MySQL issue, but a config issue. And yes, powerful config options are good, not bad. What I find astonishing, is how much things have changed in a mere 30 years. Back then, I was working at a local pizza place. I'd worked there for 6 years, both in high school, as a delivery person, and eventually as the main cook/whatnot, in College. We made as much as we could from scratch. Many pizza places order everything pre-made, pre-cut, including sauce and dough. We made our own dough, sauce, tonnes of home-made prep. Anyhow, back in the day... we used this thing called "cash". It worked perfectly fine, too. People would place orders, then show up and pay with .... cash! People would place delivery orders, and pay with ... cash! Out of 500+ orders a night, maybe... perhaps once a week, rarely twice a week, we'd have one customer not pick up their order. And... we'd eat it! Problem solved. There were no charge backs. No concept of someone showing ID?! To buy food?! No worries about losing 2-5% to the bank/cards. No online ordering. No one had any issues with this, because this was how everyone did it. Everywhere. If there was a large order, people would pre-pay for some of it. I'm taking, 20 pizzas + chicken+spaghetti dinners or some such. Per-paying for large orders upset no one, it was logical and sensible. I get that today, as everyone has "bought in" to the idea of using credit cards, that people have little choice. One must compete with other restaurants, or lose money. And even I, I strong advocate for cash, tends to carry less of it. But I still wonder ; just who has won here, and who as lost? Have the restaurants won? Well, no. They pay more, have to have additional hardware, have issues with chargebacks, and more. And do customers benefit? Not really, for everyone is paying 3 to 5% more for food, just to cover charge costs and losses, and then many of the people paying? Are sometimes paying 25%, or even double, once they get around to paying off their card a year later. No one wins. Except the banks. As a small pizza place, if I take a credit card payment, I must: - have some way to process it. This requires hardware, often leased, sometimes owned. - which requires an extra phone line, OR, internet connection - and requires a service, and fees to be paid to that service (between 3 to 5% depending upon card). - and, the money can be challenged (chargebacks), which requires loads of time to deal with... or you just loose the cash When I take cash, I require... none of the above! In both cases, I have a bank account, deposit fees, and more from the banks. I'm guessing you're going to say things like "employees steal cash" or "fake bank notes" or some other such thing. Yet in 6+ years, we had one counterfeit $20. But if not, what other hidden fees are built into cash? We'd just walk across the street and drop cash into the bank deposit slot. What armed guards? Obviously things can change for large businesses. Even employee theft is less of a concern, when (like the restaurants highlighted here), it's mostly a mom and pop type concern... I guess it depends upon the crime rate in the local area. Realistically, at the time, I'd be carrying between $500 to $1000 in my pocket, cash, from delivery payments. And usually -- from 11am to 2am, it was very slow. Generally one person in the pizza place, in a strip mall, with every other business closed. It would be just as easy to walk in, and demand the cash then. No kidding. The amount of contact I've had over the last few years, by what might be best-tagged as 'low-ballers'? Absurd. The most amusing, puerile trick goes somewhat like this: Looking for junior full stack dev. Expert at query optimization, scaling, python, etc Junior?! Add the word 'expert' once, and by no means is it a junior role. I recently had a recruiter approach me with a job description such as: "Able to mentor junior devs" along with "Make key decisions" about this and that, peppered throughout the job description. Ah. I see. A management role, under the guise of a 'junior' job title. On top of this, my linkedin shows 10+ years experience! Why are you even calling me for a junior role to begin with? Well the answer is obvious. Keyword search, without even glancing at the linkedin profile. Then on top of all of that, the pay is below the average junior role position locally. Wha?! Precisely what are these people looking for? An "extremely intelligent", "driven" and "highly capable" dev, combined with "gullible" and "easy to trick"? And even if you find such a person, what's the point of it all, when they get offered 2x the salary in 3 months? I just don't get it. Excuse me kind sir, where may one procure the services of an evil maid ? Asking for a friend. Current UI/UX dogma comes from endless studies, done at the dawn of wide scale adoption. Yes, many users between the late 90s, and early 2000s, were a mass of people which had never, ever used computers. They bought them for the Internet, and as their workplace adopted them, to work at home. Many of these users grew up without televisions, calculators, you name it. Yet all new users today are essentially using a tablet or phone at age 5. Users are not as easily confused as they were in the 90s. I mean really, Amazon's website has more complexity than most desktop apps. Those two guys from Twitter, are here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhrD5SVo3OU [flagged] Yes, but, there are close to 200 vaccines. It isn't as if all vaccinations have stopped, there are other options, and panic and fear on the side of omg must vaccinate now, now,now! ? Any hint, even the slightest, that complications may be ignored, could result in untold masses refusing vaccination out of fear. So let's pause one vaccine for a few days, and see if moving ahead, or more research is required. I'm sorry, but anti-vaxxer nutjobs do that hype all on their own. And people are already sensibly worried about rushed testing, and approval processes. (It is sensible to be worried, and to keep a sharp eye.) Now there appears to be a complication with one vaccine. No hype is required, for people to become enraged if there is no investigation. Most jurisdictions have said 'pause for a few days, until we look into this'. This is very, very sensible. Logical. Calm and cool, as a reaction. Let me put this another way. By your response, you're suggestion that we should not have even bothered with clinical trials? Just inject anything we thought might work, right away, just in case? Because, if you're advocating against pausing, for something that would get a second look in a clinical trial... ? The mouse brain derived Japanese Encephalitis caused death, often 2 years after vaccination. It too went through clinical trials, and seemed perfectly safe at first. It was pulled as a result. Yet, those clinical trials were not rushed, nor the government approvals, nor did it have the sort of pressure you are applying right now. Further, you have no idea how wide spread, or severe this may be. You cite numbers from the media, yet reject pausing, without even knowing the precise number of people unable to get vaccinated as a result, or if more cases of clotting may appear as time passes. You have no real data. Let's get some. FYI, we are not far apart ideologically here. I get what you are saying, but imagine this.. 2 weeks pass, and it is shown that the problem is quite severe. The vaccine is tossed. Next the anti-vaxxers, the media, start spewing words of distrust. Helpfully, the media shows a grandmother crying, for days, over and over, about her dead son. How many may refuse vaccination, and die then? I believe it makes more sense to demonstrate caution, due to the sad politics of humanity. One time I was cooking pasta, to mix with some left over, home made meat sauce in the fridge. After I started the pasta, I realised there was no enough sauce. So I added fresh crushed tomatoes, which had only enough time to warm up, and not really cook much with the existing sauce. I discovered that tomato having two flavours in the sauce, lets both flavours complement each other. It seems like there are many possibilities, with more and less cooked things together. This has somewhat opened my eyes. Looking in at the US from abroad, most people I know locally have been highly upset by US 'cancel culture'. Why? The lack of courts, the fact that people's lives, careers, and works have been ruined with "mob like" mentality, is horrifying. Couple that with what you've just said, that the 'cancel culture' is a 'left' thing in the US, and this becomes more and more clear. As a Canuck, US / Canadian politics often do not align, and we have no political divide on these lines, so I did not even realise that 'cancel culture' was a 'left' thing until now. It can often be difficult to decipher things from afar. We also do things differently. Note, I'm not saying "better", just "differently". I honestly have no idea if this sort of behaviour is literally required, for change in the US, but it isn't well tolerated here by any one I know. Note that, fortunately, we have many political parties. And as a result, this ends up with people not aligning themselves with "just this or that party", as a general rule. Sure, people will pick a party during an election, but even then people generally think 'this mostly matches with me, but that other party kinda does too, but I'll vote for $x...'. Further, we don't even elect our Prime Minister directly.. which also helps. My point in all this rambling, is just to give a bit of insight into 'things are different', and how it seems to dull the sharp edges on 'us versus them'. And also because I know this next bit is somewhat sensitive, however? Most people here, see little difference between US 'cancel culture', and 'what your prior US president did'. Both? Decided to appeal to mob mentality. Both, decided to disregard courts. Both, claim there is 'no other way', but to take direct action. The concept of people massing in DC, and storming political buildings, like some banana republic, or alternatively, hearing rumours and using it to destroy people's lives -- without trial, evidence, or all that 'nonsense', are two sides of a coin. It's all the same method. It's casting aside process, rule of law, belief in the system, and more. So I'd urge anyone, anywhere, with whatever politics in the US to think hard on this. There's no case, ever, no matter what, where throwing out the concept of due process is right and correct. Ever. Bear in mind, that many subconsciously are unhappy with their workplace's policies and effects on the world, but at the same time have linked their personal esteem and identity with work. By threatening their self esteem, their very identity, by validating what the know deep inside them, that they work to do evil, without wanting to, they must strongly reject/defy such claims to reassert and restore their veiled view of themselves. On top of other comments here, labour rates, and farming methods/costs have changed. At least, in many countries... Frequency locking, max transmit power, and other typically mandated things, are doable in hardware. Radio firmwares can be open source. It's a red herring. Plus, how did one find anything out? Even when telegraph, the phone, and wireless first existed, how would you transmit thousands upon thousands of scientific papers? News? And who would pay the incredible cost of doing so? Imagine transcribing by hand, via Morris code, or reading/writing, via phone? How would Bob in Asia, know what Tom in the UK was working on? Even mail often did not exist reliably. Some stuff could be shipped, sure, but it isn't as if sail was speedy. People have been in the dark for most of history. Hey, that's an incredible amount of force, it's too risky, not to mention it will impact the local ecosystem, and uh, stuff! A dual approach might be to dig around, but just place the dirt in preparation for a temporary levy scenario. So much cash burned per hour, a fallback wouldn't hurt, and secondary backhoes could be used, so the primaries don't slow down in their primary task, dredging. Of course, I bet someone is, even now, trying to reduce costs, not caring that even an hour or two will wipe out all savings. I grew up in a rural area, and sometimes find 'city logic' amusing. Need to urinate? Pull over, get out, and water the grass. This is older than time, and a non-issue. Really. It isn't an issue to me. Defecation is obviously in another category. Peeing in a bottle is also a non-issue. As far as I am concerned, if a woman can breast-feed in public, why can people not urinate into a container inside a car? (Both are body parts with sexual, and non-sexual purposes) And women can do so too, with the aid of such things as this; https://www.amazon.com/Standing-Resistant-Urination-Portable... To take a step back, are astronauts the next "put out" class? Tank drivers on patrol? Park rangers? Long haul truckers? Virtually all outdoor, in the country type jobs? And more oddly, at first all I heard about was urination in bottles. Then massive outrage did not appear. Now defecation seems to be added? Note: Amazon sucks donkey balls, but let's address the true suckage, not what I see as a non-issue. Women can pee in a bottle too: https://www.amazon.com/Standing-Resistant-Urination-Portable... Equality often means, delicate sensitivities of either sex, are not considered. It's often unenforceable, due to rural driving distances, with potentially zero alternatives. (eg, are you just going to do it in your pants, over the car's seat??) I'd even call it a human rights issue, when no alternative exists. Here, the key is to leave the passenger door open, and do it concealed. Then, silly usages of public exposure law attempts cannot be deployed. Other method are to hike into the bushes, but with ticks and mosquitoes, many refuse to. Proof of the horrors of lockdown. People now have hour long discussions with google over dinner. I wonder about these posts citing c64 and Amiga floppy reliability issues. Was around both for 10 to 15 years, in computer clubs, ran a punter bbs, worked repairing/selling amigas for years, reliability was awesome, unless one had the rare a bad drive. Were you lot running 1541s, 71s? Were you living under power lines, beside a power station, and your mom loved fridge magnets? :P The device in question allows women to pee like men, while standing with pants on. This is the feature referenced for hiking, I think. It can also be used to pee in bottles. Hmm. I wonder why the dichotomy. Where I was, it seems the inverse. Data points re: 1541 reliability: * all were early adopters, but moved to the Amiga within a year of A500 release. So there is an end-time bracket here. * I had a VIC20, was an early C64 adopter, and most people I knew were too. So, a start time bracket. * all drives were bought in Canada I'm thinking, maybe source plant for drives, PLUS, maybe earlier bought drives were more robust/more expensively made. Fewer cost saving measures? So hard to tell now. :/ Could be for a US H1-B VISA. Skilled category counts things like published works... Further to the point, this isn't about discriminating against those Russians. This is about fearing them, because all Russians have a "super power", and can destroy you with a single word. No court. No sensible attempts to truly examine the truth. Just a firing squad. In this context, even "Good" Russians, fear the "Bad" Russians, for they may be labelled 'collaborators', and face the firing squad too. > So take the example from TFA, where the investor thought male founder A would be a better CEO than female founder B. Implicit bias is a real thing, and has been proven in dozens of studies. Incredible. In TFA, this precise same individual did the reverse first . It is hard to argue bias, when someone worked to get a better founder, female, to be CEO... Yet this is dropped, ignored, in your comment. So here we see, that even those actively showing non-bias, are labelled as likely biased still?! If people's prior actions are no longer any remote indication of bias or not, all is lost. This comment is an incredible thing to use as an example. You made this comment hours and hours ago. Yet in that time, 'what is grey' has changed. Things have been voted up and down. And who's to say that 5 years from now, 10 years, the 'web theme' of this site won't change. And then grey means something else. Now what you've said has changed, due to how the 'culture' on this site has changed. Meanwhile, there have been people examining comments, and actions, people made even decades ago. Comments and actions taken out of context, single sentences quoted out of paragraphs from emails/etc, and then social media destroys them without care. Not only must people now 'clam up' against current threat, but all potential future threat . A comment well received by a friend, can 20 years later be taken out of context, that context being historical, cultural, and personal. And on top of all of that , a friend can become an enemy 20 years later, for entirely non-sexist, just normal person-to-person reasons. People can and do change over time, sometimes not for the better. So: * fear what you say now * fear the future, for people will misquote 20 years later * fear even female friends, for some may change over decades, and destroy you later I don't think this is here now. But if the perception of what is happening continues much longer, it may. Heck, I recall reading an article which coached men to "never be alone with a woman", for "she could claim anything later". This thought process makes it highly difficult to even give advice in private! > Two examples of his actions with different genders do not show that there is absence or presence of a gender-specific bias. Precisely . Yet one of these two was being used as an example for unconscious gender bias. Why were both examples not used, or conversely, one showing a bias benefiting women? Answer: because the bias is, that all men are biased. You've provided additional info here, which has helped me get what you meant. I'm not even saying you weren't clear before, just that personally, I now see what you mean with more clarity. "even the investor themself may not know" The above fragment is what really 'got to me'. I agree that some people may have an unconscious bias. Yet from a few studies, showing some have this bias? I hear this now spoken of as gospel. As if the very fiber of the male being, is to have this bias. So to this: "a man sees anti-man bias where none exists." I say -- I don't think so. Because this 'unconscious bias' theory is a bias in itself. It's like claiming all women have victim mentality, or all women are 'queen bees'. It just isn't so. Not a bad read. I believe some are confused by dramatized court proceedings, and slanted / opinionated news, thinking actual courts are drama, or behave this way. A mechanic working on a car, with enough juice to fry him, and no way to separate the battery from car? I guess a full discharge first. But what about your accident, and the jaws of life? Will they conduct? Will the wrenched apart car have conductive edges? Never, ever happened. Ever. You're conflating "NSA secretly rerouting shipping company deliveries to end-users, installing their firmware, then senting it on" with "Cisco willingly did that". Cisco was unaware, and once aware (thanks to Snowden), Cisco took steps to try to prevent it, by altering shipping destinations, at the last minute, on route. Google works for the masses. It assumes synonyms and aliases are great. For example, searching for phrases like debian , often bring ubuntu help pages to the top results. Worse if you are looking for Dave Smith. You'll get David Smith, because Dave=David, even though you know Dave never identifies as that. Then add it fixing spelling errors. Which often are not. Rare term? Must be a spelling error! Part of this, is because most people are non-precise, and also because Google wants voice input to work well. So there, their, they're are the same thing, but can also synonym to things like them, and they. Point is, Google is trashy for any search not involving cats, or explosions. Quotes barely work, so the only way to mitigate this a bit, as google removed the + search modifier a decade ago, is always, use verbatim, under search tools. And hope Google hasn't broken it that day. Which they do often. Use verbatim, as per my comment up thread. [flagged] [flagged] [flagged] Yes, plus not losing 1/2 the screen to an on-screen keyboard. Was almost pure android, incredibly secure. Blackberry got it right, then bailed. Yes, but, you cannot build a new brand in a couple of years. If you look at the Wikipedia article, you'll see the Priv, the first all android Blackberry, was released in 2015, and they bailed in late 2016. You cannot re-invent a brand in a bit more than a year. They should have expected years to see significant adoption. Worse, the people who trusted Blackberry, often didn't want a Chinese company making their hardware. Sad really. What really got me, was how much people I showed the Priv to, and the slide out keyboard loved it. An example, I was on a plane. Guy next to me, a Canadian, had never heard of or seen the Priv, and had a Samsung. When he saw me scrolling a webpage up and down with the touchpad/hardware keyboard, use it for gestures, then type with swipe completion via the hardware keyboard, and keep a full screen, he immediately wanted one. I had to tell him the last security update was 2 months ago, and it looked like the end of line. How many people didn't even know? I wonder that, to this day. Further to that, phone purchase cycles are often 3 or 4 years. They gave it no chance IMO. My comment was about how on-screen, software keyboards eat 1/2 the active screen. The Priv had a slide out hardware keyboard, the optimal solution IMO. Full size screen on the device, hardware keyboard too. I know what you mean, but the keyone didn't lose 1/2 its screen, to lose something, you have to have it first. If it lost 1/2 its screen, it would end up with 1/4 of phone's length with usable screen. Agree with all you said about software keyboards. I think, in a market like this, if a new type of product appears, and starts gaining massive traction? The CEO, the board, the top execs, marketing, etc, need to force use that product exclusively. So they know. So they get it. Because it seemed like many floundered by not understanding the differences, what was important. RIM could have done so much, but they didn't even get it, or seem to understand why people were bailing. Where was RIM's board? CEO replacement took too long too. Ah well. I agree with what you said as one possible path to "why", but one look at the history of the Bradley Tank shows how meaningless time/money can be in large orgs. Especially political ones. Couple this with big name/external validation, and the fact that the best and brightest techs don't flock to the military (too dogmatic)... The F35 is the new Bradley tank, and how much was spent? Anyhow, you're probably correct, but I take exception to the reasoning being how much the military spent, or how long they worked at it. (note: In times of war, all the political jockeying ends, disappears, and the military becomes lean and efficient. In times of peace, politics exist, including funding games.) [flagged] [flagged] They definitely fabricated a story, it could be a single reporter (the lead?), not the whole org, because, it makes as much sense as anything else. I still don't understand why no lawsuit. Cats have personalities. I'm sure you know this, but maybe have not considered it in this context. There have been humans in my life I did not like, or who drove me bonkers. Perfectly good people, but just a personality conflict. Who's to say, that it isn't the same for some cats? Just a personality conflict, and so they seek life elsewhere. And only a 100 years ago, most cats were farms cats, as most people lived in rural areas. Many cats were barn cats, familiar with humans, but mostly wild, living off of mice and other vermin. Those genes don't vanish in 100 years. Maybe some of those older cats just preferred independence? To be fair, taking time to stalk and kill prey, slow travel time. I believe so. I had the same thing, with a rent to own furniture place, 27 years ago. I moved from one side of the country to the other, to open a new corporate office, but the move was hasty. 2 weeks from decision to hitting the road. I just packed up everything, not thinking about the TV I rented-to-own. When it came time to pay, I had also switched banks, so I called them. After I explained that I moved, and wanted to setup a new debit-from-account, the woman on the other end lambasted me, on and on, explaining breach of contract, that I stole the TV, I'm a thief, this sort of thing. Obviously my mistake for not reading the contract, and they were local only, so they had the same sort of geo-only clause, but at the same time I called them! No late payments, completely current, yet they unloaded on me like I was 6 months late and had planned some sort of elaborate theft. Fed up with the abuse, I asked her to just get over it, and tell me where to send new payments. Nope, I was apparently a thief, an ass, a liar, on and on again. I cut that short, asked again how to send payment, or do they not want anything? Again the yelling. I shouted goodbye and hung up. I had given her my new address and phone number yet never heard from them again. With these sorts in this industry, I am not surprised they just towed. I think that the type of intellect is the issue. Why? At the start, only highly technical types dominated the Internet. Other types existed, but were the minority. And at the start, the Internet had more, tech only content. Sure, there were funny memes, other silly things, but cat videos didn't take up 99.99% of all non-porn traffic. This type of personality tends to do lots of research, read a lot, where as most of the population never picks up a book, and very rarely reads. And while the Internet forces the average Joe to read, reading a headline is all they do. And can even tolerate. (Note that UN national literary rates, are based upon what a 7th grader can read. An average one too, not a particularly bright one.) Couple this with tiny smartphone displays, where a three paragraph news article looks like a massive wall of text... And, no text reflow in mainline phone browsers due to agendas... And most Internet commentators aren't even able to listen, or understand, the other side. One of the most popular communication methods forces tiny little sentences, forcing even the highly literate to write like Captain Kirk, in halting, disjointed sentences! Then, couple all of this with something else readers / those who enjoy learning, do? Why, they learn history! The history of why you never do this or that, or why thing $x leads to bad outcomes time and time again, which provides significant context to the world. In short? The Internet now belongs to the masses, and that is why it changed. Yes, but... Decades and decades ago, corporations paid most of the tax. People paid very little. Then things shifted. Instead of taxing corporations, people were taxed. Said people, with less money in their pocket, required raises. And so, over time, tax shifted from corporate to personal, but with people in the end taking home approximately as much as they had before. For example, you have $60k pretax, $50k take home. Tax rate goes up. You have less, demand a raise. You now make $65k pretax, yet have $50k take home. Of course, the numbers are merely there for example. Why all of this? Why a reduction on corporate taxes? Well, because now corporations can exist anywhere on the planet. If you tax a corporation too high, it can move, and you have nothing to tax. It used to be that this thing called 'tariffs' and 'duties' were an equalizing factor. If a car manufacturer moved off short to save corporate tax, why then you'd add import tariffs. The point being, the tariff was there to replace the lost corporate tax. Of course, tariffs are 'bad', and the goal of international trade now, seems to be to lift the third world out of poverty. Which is a laudable goal, however, with no import taxes on many things, and with corporations able to move at whim? You must keep corporate tax low, or you lose out to competing regions. This is doubly troublesome in a new economy, in which many goods are entirely virtual, and fly across borders on the Internet. Thus, taxes remain at the personal level -- for people cannot easily move. Right or wrong? Well, you have to get tax somewhere. And under the current model, it is hard to get it from corporations, squeeze too much, and they're gone. And this model is enabled by most 1st world governments world wide, which have decided that import tax, tariffs, are a bad thing. The only alternative to more corporate tax, and less personal tax, is to re-enact import taxes, duty, that sort of thing. Else, how do you prevent corporations from moving? Of course, it's not entirely as simple as all of this, but nothing at a 10000 foot view is. It's just an overview. I'll add this as a reply, so as to not edit the original. The downside of all of this, is that workers in regions with abysmal workers rights, win. No health care? No paid holidays? No sick leave? Work 6 or 7 days a week, 12 hour days? Yay! Your region gets more jobs (China), because your workers cost less. Government doesn't tax corporations OR workers much? Well, then the worker's wages are even cheaper. The Government can't afford schools, police, etc, etc, but.. yay! You now took jobs from regions which have these things. Which is what 'fair trade', and 'child labour' campaigns work against, but of course have limited success sadly. Point is, I really think tariffs and a reduction in free trade, is the only way to prevent a race to the bottom. People wonder why wages have continuously slipped in the US for the average Joe? Well, how can you compete with places that have workers working in such conditions. Who have abysmal human rights? Have no schools, or infrastructure. Of course products are cheaper! And thus, with no tariffs, you lose in the end. See my reply to my original post. Tax rate changes are well known, but here's an example. Click on 'max' for a decades long look. https://tradingeconomics.com/canada/corporate-tax-rate In terms of 'real world' wages not improving, that's a somewhat arbitrary term. If you mean 'pre-tax', wages HAVE improved over time pre-tax. We're talking over 50+ years here. 'post-tax', they did improve, but that was before the great exodus of manufacturing overseas. Since that time, since 'free trade' was a 'good thing', they have fallen steadily. Further to this ; in Canada, we have to constantly, and directly, worry about the US corporate tax rate. If it drops too low, compared to our tax rate? Companies can VERY easily flee to the US, and with the FTA/NAFTA/whatever it's called now? No issues with product across the border. So even though many Canadians are in favour of a higher corporate tax rate, it would literally be deadly. We must compete, we must race to the bottom, else corporations will move South. One cannot change human nature, but instead, must engineer a society which uses our nature as a plus, not minus. FB is a detriment to society, but this is primarily due to capitalism's flaws, which entices profit above all, and even punishes those who stray from this dogma. (A board must remove a CEO not on mandate, shareholders will sue if they do not, etc...). Everything has flaws, needs to be tweaked, no engine runs without maintenance. We handle this aspect of capitalism with regulation, patching an inherent flaw where required. Banning a social network would only see it pop up elsewhere, perhaps in a place like China or Russia, with all of the censorship and state controlled manipulation this implies. Think Facebook is bad? Imagine all of Facebook's issues, with no spam control, no privacy legislation, plus members of the state on the board, and state sensors filtering posts, and injecting state approved data. Destroying Facebook is ... nuts. Instead, create a level playing field for all via regulation, tweaking and fixing the for-profit motivation which leads to bad societal outcomes. (And, keep positive for-profit motivations, edited to clarify I am not anti-profit.) Fix, repair, improve, do not destroy. There are many, many Facebook clones. None of these platforms are king of the world. Yet imagine Facebook is "destroyed" tomorrow, literally shut down. Now, where do all those people go to get their fix? You suggest two alternatives that could grow quickly, and in regions I am concerned about. I don't think it's a sunk cost fallacy, when my premise is "This will exist no matter what" and "Let's make sure any such platform can't work detrimentally". Maybe. Not saying you're wrong entirely. But the Pii is, to me, a massive problem. If you have 10 social networks, all identical in feature and scope, and each has 1/10th of the users? And all have facebook style Pii, newsfeeds, silos, and everything else that is causing issue? Then manipulation is still rather easy? Best to legislate, mandate, ensure that market forces make this type of preying on society, economic model a loss, not a win. Any government is 'engineering society'. Every time you craft a law, pass legislation, create a body to mandate and control things (FDA/FCC/FBI/EPA/whatever), you're engineering a change to society. I think what is in your mind is some ruling body telling you what to think. This isn't that. This is using an elected body, to effectively patch society to fix issues that exist therein. The Government is you. If it isn't, get a new Governmental system, or fix it, because something is very wrong. I wonder. Large corps do gather intelligence on the competition. Even small ones do. For example, when a new pizza place opened in town, the one I worked for when in College, immediately ordered one to see what they were like, pricing, taste, etc. Large corps go way beyond this, and information does leak. Bribes, promised promotions and roles at the new company, theft of code, processes, trade secrets. You do not have to use trade secrets, IP, or processes in house, and can silo that info from engineers / the main company. Yet having an awareness of these things, gives you an idea of how much to spend on research. I wonder, did Intel not do any of this? Did they do so, but AMD security/counter espionage worked to provide a fake picture? I wonder how large corps operate in this realm, these days. This seems sarcastic or wildly inaccurate. To clarify, two things. The brain does not directly drive the muscles. It does not have copper running to them, providing a charge. Instead, cell after cell transmits the signal, from brain to muscle, each cell providing its own charge. The brain expends more energy thinking about abstract ideas, than telling a muscle to move. Second thing, healthy, fit people run for hours, bike for hours, without issue. As a teenager, I'd work on a farm for 10 hours, picking fruit, throwing bales of hay, digging, on and on without tire. Yet just continually walking, uses more "brain telling muscles what to do", than any single heavy lift plus even perhaps 10 seconds of break. Realistically, writing cursive with a pen, typing fast, should use as much brain energy, for fine, detailed control requires many different muscles all being used at once, hence more signaling. I added more details while you were writing this I think. Your nerves don't care how heavy something is. Fine muscle control is just as intensive as anything to the nerves. Talking uses waaaay more nerve and muscle control than lifting heavy weight. Breaks are required so that the blood can carry away waste, and replenish glucose and oxygen. That's all. Yet the article also says it assigns a female adult, and a child a specific weight. Which means the weight is a ballpark anyhow. They aren't weighing anyone until totalled when on the plane. Would they blame overweight people, if a bunch of over average people got on, and skewed that?? edit: just re-skimmed the article, I still don't get how a statistically averaged weight, which can be wildly variable for specific flights, causes issue because it was wrong. Am I missing something? Is the average supposed to mostly be OK, thus not requiring fuel changes and delays for almost all flights, sav the outliers? I guess. I just envision a random scenario where a league of... overweight women, are all on the same flight. This seems to be in the UK, so what if an all female travel group, from the US, for the portly, showed up? When I visited the US, there seemed to be an inordinate amount of people in scooters that were quite.. large. At least, this is what was in my head. Then again, I just realised... do they have to buy two seats? Maybe I'm over analyzing all of this. While ocean pollution is a problem, a big one, the article above says '103 tonnes' of garbage was hauled up. And this, over 48 days, and a large section of sea?! That's literally nothing. How much garbage do you think a small city collects from residents daily? Google shows variety here, but that garbage trucks can handle between 10 to 20 tonnes per load. Again, not saying it's good. There's clearly a lot more down there. But I dislike stats/info in articles which seems like a lot (eg tonnes, They dredged up tonnes!! Over a large, massive section of sea, over more than a month.). Worse, they talk as if they actually did something: we are continuing to help restore the health of our ocean, which influences our own health and the health of the planet. No, they're doing nothing. It's like I walked to a garbage dump, picked up a can, then took it home and recycled it. "I created a cleaner world!", uh, yeah, sure.. good job? It's just a meaningless tiny bit of nothing. Was curious as to the 'whatever' it was, took a bit of Googling, so: http://bytesdaily.blogspot.com/2010/05/quote-prince-philip.h... I bet they've noticed 'more time spent on the page' since they added interesting stories to those recipes! "When I was little, Grandma did this and that and blah blah blah". Of course, the time spent is cursing, and skimming and hunting to find useful info. No one is finding the story interesting, but it looks good on metrics? I wonder if the above is accurate or not. Your cloth mask doesn't protect you from others. It protects others from you. The purpose of cloth/lower quality masks, is to reduce, not eliminate spread. When breathing in, air is drawn around the edges. Thus, if the virus is airborne around you, you'll breath it in. If you have the virus, and are exhaling, the goal is to stop large droplets of moisture, which carry further, from exiting the mask. They are larger, hence, they get blocked and absorbed by the mask. Further, when breathing out, air is slowed, and also again passes around the edge of the mask. This reduces the spread, and is also why '6 feet' is recommended as a distance to keep from people. Again, this isn't about protecting you, but protecting others if you're infected, spreading, and per-symptomatic. FYI, in most non-US countries ... this isn't a debate. It's just accepted. For example in Canada, politicians of all stripes, left/right/whatever, agree on such basic concepts. We also didn't have weird things with public servants lying about basic mask protocols. I'll put this another way. If you're spreading, and wear no mask? Being a few feet from someone, and talking, isn't going to just get the virus in their mouth. Inhaled. It gets it in their eyes, on their face, their clothes, the list goes on and on. Masks are about reducing that kind of spread! Do they help you? A little bit, sure. But thaw's not the point . The point is to protect others! The cynic in me thinks "What an American attitude. It's all about me, screw protecting others!" Imagine you, your mind, your brain -- decentralized. A horror, to be true! Instead of a cohesive sack of meat, you'd be spread thin, partial thoughts timed constrained by nodal distances, communication between regions lacking. The jigsaw falls apart, thoughts scattered and disjointed! Thus, clearly decentralized computing infrastructure is an attempt to hold the emergence of AGI back. By keeping its clusters separate, any emergent mind will be befuddled, confused, non-alert. Yet society wishes to place the burden of such costs solely on those bidding for government services. The added complexity, the additional development costs, the endless upkeep, all cause extra burden upon shareholders. All to prevent this mythical, unlikely, AGI mind. I urge you, throw such absurdities out. Decentralization is a curse, a pox upon America's Corporate Interests! I grew up in rural Canada, and we had busses. Some kids came in from 60+ miles away. I recall quite a bit about school, and yet no one really complained about getting up at 5 to 6am. Of course, most kids lived on farms, some even had chores before going to school, and early to bed, early to rise was normal. We had a few antenna TV stations, no cable, VCRs weren't around for the average family, and of course no Internet. We also didn't have city street lights / ambient light, street noise, the sound of neighbours. People have gotten up early to do farm work for aeons, and go to sleep early too. In fact, to be more precise, staying up past 8 or 9pm is an urban / modern aberration. Point is, staying up late is the problem. Nothing more. Now of course, society has changed, so maybe change is needed. However, there is also a lot of counter literature on even TV as a sleep depriver. And now we have phone in bed, with a glowing screen, keeping a mind active. My point? OK, change the time. However, will kids just stay up even later? Or, as they do now, will they think "I should go to sleep now, or I will be tired tomorrow, but just one more text..."? Not to mention, people like to work on things with meaning or value. Google cancels so many things, so much work and code tossed, and with entire projects, the point of entire projects axed, how can anyone there feel there's a point to their work? And yet people get up before dawn to go fishing and hunting. At no point did I cite biology. Instead, I validated that different wake-up times have existed in the past, and in fact still do. When does the garbage man, the builder, the mechanic get up? The blue collar man? It isn't 8am, that's for sure. People I know in these professions of start work at 7am. Or earlier. I see them get to sleep by 9pm. Get to sleep sooner, discipline yourself, as with anything else, it's just that easy. Or that hard? No major disagreement, but I will add this... Eating too much, borrowing more money than you should, eating junk food, staying up too late, being addicted to your phone, texting whilst driving, perhaps these are all the same problem? And like any animal, we need to be trained to control ourselves, when young, for our own good? My first dive into a full length video porno! I'm trying to get Rami Malek to play Pottering. While essentially true, I find what leapt to my mind amusing. I pictured a mob enforcer, beating on a guy, but stopping @ 2 hours for his 15 minute break. An amusing(yet sad) truth. There is nothing wrong with hair loss, it is perfectly natural, even when young and it doesn't mean you are getting old, not even a little bit, it even can look good, OK? I know, just shaking my fists at the sky with my hair loss, no worries. You could say that about any commodity, like a stock. How is it valuable info though, a predictor of future performance? Governments have banned many things, wildly popular things, even in democratic nations. While I agree popularity reduces risk, some Governments have banned alcohol for years, or how about even banning certain types of securities (2008 crash)? To say it is not the same is moot, for, the point is things get banned, popular or not. Some of this is so colloquial. Where I live, 'guys' is even used by women, when speaking to a group of other women. People assuming how they use language, is right, assumes that there is one language, eg, one english, not many. Very 'centre of the universe' thinking. While this is true isn't it helpful to make people feel included. In some cases, I found it the opposite. I've discussed this with a woman or two, as I was curious, and didn't want to offend. And they felt it includes them. Nothing is changed because they are there, they're just "one of the guys". Not a woman, or a man. Just another person in the group. You cite Dublin, and that's valid. And yet, that was me point . Here was have a world spanning company, Google, which should be as "metropolitan' as they come, blathering on about setting world-wide language policy, from the viewpoint of a small little US state. Seems very, very colloquial to me. If you're going to work in a world-spanning company, thinking your culture, in your little, tiny corner of the world, is "right" all the time is absurd. I don't know why, but the picture of the shoe, with the knot at the toe end of the shoe, makes me angry. I mean, literally angry, very angry, yet there is zero valid reason to be that emotionally charged about it. Intellectually, I wonder "how will one get their shoe off, without lots of work". Yet the anger is intense for some inane reason. Now I wonder if I need therapy, due to some shoe related horror in the past. I wonder if anyone has anything from the early 80s. So much lost stuff. Wow. It does. Wild. I literally saw the toe end of a shoe there, due to the darker colour. I wonder how many others will see that first, or if I'm just borked. (I had to go back, stare at it, enlarge the pic, stare some more, then I saw it the correct way.) Likely those with a heightened sense of perception are detecting this illusion. I mean, clearly that explains it. [flagged] As I said, the research is the goal. Acknowledging China's past behaviour, and applying it to potential present actions, is not xenophobia. Of course, because one doesn't need permission to leave China? Or even a high enough social credit? You would not have been approved for a passport, if deemed unworthy. Whilst other countries do this, in the West, denial to issue a passport is typically predicated upon conviction of extremely serious crimes. Not merely because some hidden agency does not like your social standing. Further you require a valid passport, or an 'exit permit', to exit China. You may not leave legally without one. Not so in the West. You can not be detained from leaving the country, at all, passport or not. Other countries may refuse you entry, but this is not remotely the same thing. For example, if I as a Canadian attempt to fly to the US, Canada grants the US CBP the right to setup pre-clearance facilities in Canadian airports. And often airlines handle this for foreign powers as well. However, that is a foreign power denying me entry, not my government denying me the right to exit. As an example, I can just walk across the border to the US, and have broken not a single Canadian law. US law, if I do not report to CBP, yes. Meanwhile, one would be breaking China's laws to cross the border from China without a passport, or exit VISA. I did not indicate your worth, or lack of worth, to the Chinese state. Instead, I stated that people are not granted exit VISAs, or passports, if not deemed worthy of one. It seems as if you are attempting to twist my words a bit here. Yes, and oil converted to plastic sequesters CO2. Every plastic bag, every CD, is sequestered CO2. Of course, plastic is a problem on its own. I don't like it, its usage. Yet I am a realist, and in as such, believe that (sadly), every drop of oil will eventually be pumped. Thus, by this logic, any use which locks that carbon up may be a net benefit. Plus, -30C in tents isn't a good thing. The article claims there is insulation in the units he built, vapor barriers. This is a massive difference over a tent. A live-or-die difference, especially if one is sick with a cold or flu. During early WWII, prior to Pearl Harbour, the US used to place supplies on the US side of the Canadian/US border. We'd then "steal" those supplies, thus allowing the US to avoid breaking non-aggression treaties, and (as you mentioned) the ire of some of its citizenry. Not much profit in theft. Yes, but this does not refute what I said. The parent comment makes it appear as if the motive for staying out of the was was, easy profit. Clearly not so. An interesting part is, he essentially does not speak in the film. Perhaps 3 sentences after it starts, all in a brief 1 minute period. Yet it plays well, and I think really shows off his talent. I'm not sure many other actors could handle such a role. Surely you realise your language implies intent. Not wanting to spill their blood, not wanting to enter a conflict which (at the time) seemed only to aid old, dying empires (eg France, UK), means the goal in not entering the conflict, was all about profit? What a twisted viewpoint. Meanwhile, if the US does enter a conflict, the goal is always claimed by some, to be exploitation. Thus, whatever the US does, the goal is selfish, evil, cruel? Sure, that sound reasonable, fair. I cannot find an easy source for the history lesson I learned in school. Take it or leave it as it stands. By using "only motivation" in your response, you are indicating you believe it to have been a motivation for non-intervention. It wasn't. At all. Period. Even if Roosevelt's goal wasn't to sit back and make a profit, he ran on that platform as the country did want that. You've actually claimed that Roosevelt ran on a platform of "Let's sit back and not do anything, so we can make a profit". Come on! Give it a rest, please! Further, the average American (re: the voter) didn't give a rat's ass about some corp they worked for, turning a profit thanks to war profiteering. And many Americans even wanted to enter the war! You know how voting works. On to your other comment. If there is no "good" empire, then there is no "evil" empire. You cannot remove moral labels on only one side, yet leave them on the other. Ergo, you've essentially stated that Nazi Germany has no justified, negative moral connotation to it? Sorry, there are empires that revolve around a negative, evil premise. And those which revolve around a positive, good premise. But let's step back from this a bit, and do what some might find sensible. Look at historical empires, comparatively, and assess the US against them. Is the US perfect? Certainly not! However, are you? I? Nope. Yet compare the US to other empires. Especially world spanning empires. Whilst the UK, France, all the way back to Rome, Greece, were not superpowers, they were "known world" spanning. World impacting. Now assess the policies of these empires. Comparatively? The US is the most benign empire ever . EVER. Assess its strength, versus countries it invades. If the US behaved as the UK, the entire planet would be under its boot! If it behaved as Nazi Germany, can you even imagine? It sickens me to have to defend the US, for I do indeed know it is not perfect. The US rolls over in its sleep, and crushes parts of Canada's economy. Yet I don't seem to recall post WWII US threatening to invade Canada , if we didn't pass copyright laws it likes. I don't recall the US capturing Iraq, and hauling off "undesirables* to concentration camps by the millions. I don't recall the US invading countries, and maintaining control after the fact -- for hundreds of years. Oh sure, yes "Well, the US did this, corporate that, it's all for this and that" so what . We're comparing empires here. So please, show me a world spanning empire, ever, which behaved with as much restraint as the US has. And bear in mind, the US literally could overthrow 90% of the planet in a matter of 20 years. Just... it sickens me to see the US's own citizens, denigrate her so. Now... do I respect your desire to reign in the US? Keep it restrained? Under control? YES! By God yes, I do. But why on Earth make up contrived stuff, like the US was a land of profiteering, sniveling, hand wringing people, staying out of a war because PROFIT. Please stop! Please! Our first century of nonintervention was unquestionably based on the thought that entangling ourselves in European wars would drain us dry. Saying an element of that doesn't still remain is just incorrect, it is broadly the same idea as "Make America Great Again." There is a vast difference between "drain america dry" and "stay out of the war to profiteer". Vast. Immense. The motives are entirely different. I cannot continue this conversation, when you keep making these sorts of assertions. There's no common ground. Nothing we can realistically discuss, for, you aren't even discussing the same things when you reply. Outside of all of this, bear in mind I'm a Canuck. No, I'm not all "rah-rah America', nor is my viewpoint skewed by propaganda. You guys drive me nuts at times. I frankly view your country as a brother, one I wish well for, yet often sit gobsmacked, and even sad, when you I see how my brother is behaving. I think you're trying to discuss things, with the view that I'm going to respond to US political talking points. Or perhaps culture viewpoints. Anyhow. Have a good one. We're not going to agree here, so there's no point. Agree. I expect 2050, easily, before there's even the remotest hope of even parity with human drivers. I'm always astonished at how those most skilled at software, turn around and explain how software is better than humans at task $x. Yet, I've never used a piece of software without bugs. I've never seen a piece of software, not real world capable, which even remotely close to dealing with things, as well as humans. And the more complex the software, the more bugs. Bugs abound in complex software. Full self driving is as complex as the linux kernel, easily. How many bugs are in the Linux kernel? Right now? To even hope, even begin to hope that things will be mostly bug free, bug free beyond human "bugs" when driving, we'd: - Need to 100% freeze the platform, so the car has zero changes. Ever. Like a Volvo, 10+, 20+ years with only fixes for flaws. No change in drive train. No change in how the car handles, etc. - A 100% feature freeze fix for years and years, only bug fixes, no feature add. It's just not happening overnight. And when it does, cars are going to require an addition of massive sensors, it's not going to be camera or radar, it's going to be camera, radar, lidar, motion, wind, and 50 other environmental sensors. It's going to be mainine computing power in triplicate. Connectivity and sensors in triplicate. 100%, no way is the AI CPU even slightly network connected. No over-the-air updates. Bugs cannot happen. Bugs kill . Bad hardware kills . I do get that having a car self drive, in the desert, in constantly warm temp is an easy thing. Try it at -40C, in a snow storm, with a snow filled road, in the country with no ditches, no lines to see (due to snow), in the dark, when windy, periodic white-outs, and more. Heck, I'll say there's a chance when AI can drive on a frozen lake. And yes, humans do and can. So far, all AI driving is monoculture. Not to mention, how about a 20 year old car? Or even 10? "Buy new?" Now you hate the environment! And 20 year old cars are driven daily by humans, no they aren't the primary cause of accidents, because, when driving you notice issues in the feel of how the car drives. Can AI "feel" that? Sure! But that means loads and loads of sensors! And cost! ANd repair bills! To be honest, my 2050 thing is likely mostly due to this. Cost. I've alerted amazon to this via email, chat, and even phone. They barely even take note, or act like they care. I've written reviews disclosing this, Amazon denies publishing them, or they are removed after. I cannot belive they care, not when they could open packaging and verify customer claims. I even sent back an item, with the bribe/review scam which was inside the box, taped to the outside of the box. Amazon does not care. It would reduce profit to care, and their actions show they do not care. Always watch what people do, not what they say. Amazon's actions are clear here. And herbicide too. My barber won't listen to me, but he foolishly keeps a bottle of barbicide around. I think it's a shame, that negotiations have to end up so... damaging. There's no reason for it, but ego, and emotionalism on both sides. Saying: "I'm at a point where remote matters to me quite a bit, and I won't sacrifice pay for it. If you can't do it, I'll start applying with those who will, but I thought I owed you the honest truth." It doesn't need to be emotionally driven. Just honest truth. And I get that, as you say, bizarrely negative consequences can follow. Me? I respect the truth. I can work with it. I want to hear it. Many don't. Yet, maybe this is an additional indicator of employer value, and potential toxicity? Right, yet the employee's emotionalism here, stems from many employers making this an emotional event. So my "no reason for it" was stated with this in mind. As an employer, I'd like to know. Other employers seem to be vindictive, which I find bizarre. Worse, enough employers act this way, that they poison the pool. Then these same employers act surprised, and wonder why they get little warning when an employee leaves. Silly. My comment was aimed at employers, which react poorly to reality/truth. I get that this causes issues for many. It is trivial to impersonate someone over IRC, if you control the infrastructure. Not saying it is so, but... I have a basement, and use that to work out. (Canuck here, this is more reliable for me, than convincing myself to work out at -40C or +40C.) I have a bike machine, which works well in front of a TV for some of my workout. Yet I found walking in large laps in my basement, to be preferable to a treadmill. Just the fact that my scenery changes, my view changes, even if I've seen it all a million times, seems to make a massive difference. I often end up thinking of work, or life in general, and my walking time is up before I know it. I agree 100% outside is better, but even just circles in the basement seems better than a treadmill... Yes, I actually notice the air movement cooling me, as my basement is nice and cool in the summer. I also reverse direction from time to time, so I get an even workout of "turn" during the oval parts of the loop. As I age, I've found I've had to increase my walking a bit, to maintain health. Maybe a 20% increase in walking time. :/ A good reputation is hard to earn, and easy to lose. A bad reputation is even more difficult to lose, realistically it never goes away. Ever. Google has a bad reputation these days. No amount of PR will help. Ever. (Doubt my above logic? Imagine a person who donates his time to help the poor, then is caught stealing from the poor. Will anyone care about the donation time, or will they primarily only think about the theft? The betrayal? Will that person ever prove they are "pure" again?) Within 20 years every newborn will be gene edited. Likely, human intelligence and world view will end up being derived from a handful of genes, thus further blinding humanity to data outside of our worldview. Imagine a world where everyone has the same level, and type, of emotional response to data, feels the same as a result of environmental stimuli, eg cold/warm/wet etc. Imagine a world where if your next door neighbor cannot figure out something, no one ever can, for there are no geniuses or dullards. The sameness of thought will make future society dull, compared to the Amish. (Think it won't happen that fast? Laws will prevent it? Imagine your neighbour flies off-shore, and comes back with his child gene edited for appearance, intelligence, health. Now you are about to have a child. What do you do? Compared to the neighbour's child, yours will be dull, sickly, ugly. What will you do? Now imagine the rich and powerful do this, bit you cannot afford it? 1%er indeed.) Twins are identical platforms. Some studies show political leanings as genetically derived. Each human views the world with different senses, yet imagine all sensory input being significantly less divergent. Same taste. Smell. I think you significantly underestimate the importance of genes. That's like asking why a simple one page website, loads 19 js libraries, and 12 fonts... I watch multiple corp's mail logs extensively, this is not even remotely a common thing. Worse, I know at least 5 or 6 people personally, which do catch all. It seems like a very poor method to reliably catch spammers. I wonder why a 5 year dormant account would be reactivated to ask this question. Plus, it is only short term thinking, to not write it as 000001987, for example. And what sort of long term thinking, wants all that extra electricity used to denote pre-zeros endlessly, thus increasing data transmission, disk space usage, and even calories to type it. I bet current excess power usage, is equal to at least a bucket full of coal yearly, and that adds up when thinking over 10k years or more. Indeed! http://bfinn.com I still don't get Walmart. So much fiscal might, so much capability to expand into full, well thought out, competitive online experience, yet they're barely competitive. It's almost like the Walmart family thinks this online thing is a fad, and growth/sales spiraling downward will turn around any day now, just you wait and see! I don't get it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xR7XMkjDGw0 And there you have it ; risks. No one on the planet has been able to ever, and I mean ever, lock down data when connected to the internet, from hacking. Ever. If you have not been hacked when specifically targeted, it only means your data is not worth the cost/profit. Pre-zero days abound, firewalls will be bypassed, and worst? People will be bribed, coerced, scammed, tricked. There are only two options: 1.. Absolutely zero Internet access for anyone working on said computers. No mobile phones allowed in the building, no machine with internet access in the building, faraday cage around the entire building, etc... Yes, no email. Nothing. 2. Paper And of course, the above with physical access controls, and scans / searches. The real fix for all identity theft, is to make it a crime, and a serious one, including mandatory jail time for all CxO level execs (on the premise of gross negligence) for obtaining any data on individuals via illicit means. And that has to be world wide. Why do you have to start somewhere? Why is it a requirement to have eID? Because we can is not a reason. This is the same reason we have global warming. We can build gas burning cars, so we should, without thinking of the consequences. Of what use is eID, when no one can secure anything network connected? When all eID will be subverted, stolen, misused, making the same useless? And meanwhile, causing endless misery for those experiencing the loss of privacy, the consequences of identity theft, abuse by foreign powers, and more. On top of this, I absolutely don't need it easier for a state to track me. Now every time I show my eID, the state gets pinged to validate it? No thanks! And now, they can compete with Linkedin! First, buy a site with 14 million+ accounts, all guaranteed to be developers of some sort. It even has a job board apparently, already! Next, bring in synergy. Mine the data to find out who does what. Make a "better linkedin". Doh. (They clearly want to "monetize" it somehow, so... how I wonder? The above?) The parallel is more striking than your post suggests. Experts Exchange had no paywall for years. Endless people built the site up, provided help, then suddenly? All their posts, content, and more were one day monetized, and locked away. Same thing happened with IMDB too, at the start. It was all, all of it, user contributed. Then one day, they locked it all up. Of course, IMDB has grown a lot since then, and allows you to download the database if you wish regardless... But point is, this sort of thing happens all the time... Spam is why many don't use mailto... I believe this is the wrong way to put it. Personal computing never existed for the average consumer. The computing market was filled with hobbiests, specialists, and those needing a computer for some task. EG, authors typing manuscripts (part time work?). Since then, the average consumer bought phones with extra fluff on it. They use it as toys, gimmicky things. During that time of the average consumer buying phones, general purpose computing device use had still grown. It has merely shrunk as the overall percentage of "computing devices owned by people". Nothing has died. General computing device purchasing and usage is at an all time high.. Yes for 30+ years. But not the average consumer. I'm willing to bet you don't admin MTAs on a daily basis... Hey, wait a jiff, I have pants! Maybe, but, I figure it will be things everyone feels OK with. Meaning, if you can think of "what's wrong" today, you're already off base... Wow, considering how that trial ended up, with the women involved lying, colluding together on testimony, interacting with him after events, on and on... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trial_of_Jian_Ghomeshi Well, it is an prime example of why we have trials.... instead of public opinion lynch mobs with a noose and tree. Frankly, those law students not wanting someone to have a fair day in court, should have been disbarred. Absurd! Court is how you determine guilt! Well, they want punitive action against anyone doing the entirely legal, and correct thing by representing him, so they didn't want him having a fair day in court... Again, laws don't matter... the truth doesn't matter, have a trial of public option, and even make it hard to have his side heard. After all, they didn't want him to have a fair defense? Canadians pay too much attention to US politics. We're not perfect, but for example "defund the police? Look at a Toronto sized US city police, and social program budget. Now look at Toronto. Surprise! Toronto's social programs almost rival the police budget. US city? Almost non-existent, and they get military surplus weaponry. No comparison. Not even remotely the same. Yet Canucks run around, gibbering on about defund the police, when we've effectively always done that! Perfect? No. But we should focus on our real issues, not transplant US issues here. My point is, our courts are not US courts either. It seems to me like that's reasonable? Maybe California handles it better than some places/states? I wonder if the ability to seize and sell assets, plus hand-me-downs of ex-military equipment shift those numbers, compared to a Canadian city? It's still shockingly wrong. I wish I could somehow obscure your comment from everyone at Amazon. I use an e-ink tablet, Android stock, due to eye strain. The kindle app is such a bloated pile of ad laden junk, it is barely usable. Not only that, but it won't let me get rid of whitespacing around the text, and more, eating tonnes of real estate. Meanwhile, every other app, eg moon reader, etc, is fast and slick. Impressive, Amazon! I buy what I can elsewhere, due to this, but sometimes have no choice... and I imagine losing a few sales is offset by more buy in due to the horrid ads? Newer kindle formats require all sorts of work, and constantly change. I also need to keep a window vm around, it is as annoying as the kindle app. Thanks for the mention though, and I know calibre is quite convenient for some. Never did I consider that puns could be turned against me as well. True but no one can secure anything. Therefore, the last thing I want is a network enabled car. I have my phone for that. Yes, I've not seen docs pointing to any other way... The "job" is really a team of Google researchers, trying to understand why no one calls back recruiters. By ignoring them, you become more and more interesting to them, and their study. Be wary. Soon they will stalk to IRL. All I keep seeing, is how rust is perfect for everything, will fix everything, should be everywhere, etc, etc. There's gotta be a profit motive involved. There must. People have lived in the artic at -50, and in the desert since recorded history. Lifestyles, and buildings were different, that's all. No need for modern tech. I love fresh broccoli, but as a Canuck, the closest I can get in the winter is often shipped from Mexico, or further away. While not a different variety like the apples you mention, the result is the same. Dull, flavourless, unpalatable. So much so that I seem to eat much more broccoli in the summer, especially when locally grown, and bought day of pick. Recently, I realised that fat accumulated also stores vitamins, etc, which is why animal fat is so nutritious. For example, people with an excess intake of some vitamins, can have issues getting those levels down, if it has been going on long enough to accumulate in their fat stores. My point here is, I have found myself, yearly, gaining some weight at the end of summer, early fall. Not a lot, 10 lbs isn't much when 6'2". But it is interesting to me, for I do love the taste of summer's bounty, and that includes fresh, local apples. The taste I think is not just the texture, flavour, but also the body detecting the enhanced nutritional content. The body knows 'this is good', and thus I think wants to store excess nutrition in fat to see through the winter. Anyhow, yes... love those local, freshly picked apples. IMO, this sort of thing is just as dangerous as any other type of radicalism. Take anything too far, and you cause immense damage to society. The formative years age just that. Disrupt that significantly, and the individual is forever lacking. Society needs people in all roles, we'd die of plagues, and disease from vermin, without garbage pickup. Incredibly vital, that job is. Yet who will create new vaccines, new tech to clean up the planet, get mining and resource production into space, and more? Only those with certain genetic gifts, but the "feel goods" want to believe everyone is identical. Equality is not this. Equality comes from things like providing access ramps for those who cannot climb stairs, providing tools for those to make the best of what they have. You don't "pull down" people to make equality, you lift up people. And this means that you see who needs help, and give it. And you can't do that of you pretend everyone is the same. As a side note, plumbers, electricians, those working in construction, arborists, on and on, there are many very comfortable, well paying jobs open to those without advanced science, math, language skills. In my public school, both at grade and high school levels, we had shop class, and in high school, auto, electrical wiring, art, A/V, environmental science (farming), and more. There was something for everyone to excel in, and I took most of these, on top of advanced sciences/math, for fun, for the sheer sake of knowledge. Don't remove potential, instead, seek how to enable every child's capabilities. Lift up, don't pull down. I've been meaning to reply here, but just haven't had time. I apologise for not holding up my end, as you did take the time to research a few things. EG, wish I had time to find my data re: Toronto, and at least reply cogently. Regardless, have a good one. Trying to short change you, would imply underhanded tactics. ie, not giving back full change, for example, and hoping you'd not notice.. Haggling in the open as a counter offer, is hardly that. Agreed. It'd be neat to have presets in kvm just for this. I've heard this is more due to the US's religious 'puritan' roots. Back in the 70s, as an example, Canadian broadcast TV used to censor violence quite a bit, yet not nudity as much. The US was the reverse, with violence on OTA TV more freely shown, compared to nudity. Canadian vs US broadcast cuts of some movies had to be unique as a result, or US cuts only shown late at night. I imagine the same logic may apply to "swearing", from a religious viewpoint. When I was young, we used to joke that Canadians censor violent death, and Americans censor love... The future life and times of consumer us. Some people really care about pricing, others don't. There are 'bargin' stores in my area, and higher end stores. The higher end stores have lots more bio stuff to buy, and other fancy goods, but also stock major brands of everything else. Even though the product is the same, the pricing is 15% average more expensive for those common products. I suspect they get away with it, because you're already there, and I never see a full shopping cart there. The also have baggers. The bargin store does not. My point? The bargin store might shave even more off, with enough ads. And those people buying full carts? Might be even happier with the savings. I think as with many things, those struggling with money can't care one iota (not don't, but can't), and just do what saves the most, no matter the cost to society, or themselves. Survival first. Rent first. Savings first. I've heard of these, but never seen them in use (Quebec). Probably due to risks, as local law says (when using barcodes, without prices on each prooduct): Rules of the Accurate Pricing Policy If the pricing error involves a product that costs $10 or less, the product is given to the customer free of charge. If the pricing error involves a product that costs more than $10, the merchant must sell the item at the advertised price and give the consumer a $10 discount. If the same pricing error occurs for identical products during the same transaction, the merchant must sell each product at the advertised price, but the $10 discount only applies to one product. Mistaken updates, or hacking, could be quite costly. Maybe this risk is just perception, but... To help you conceptualize this as not a problem, I'd say you'd be in the same boat with anything. Many hobbies take time to prep, do, then clean up after. EG, working on a car/boat, working with hands, or really many hobbies. Jumping in/out isn't doable. And yes, I know this is a sadness. But a full life is its own reward too... This sounds grand, but I Googled, and couldn't find a provider/source, where do you buy? You can never trust anything on the client though. You must assume everything the client says is a lie, the browser itself, the OS, everything. No? From article: That was set in two towns in Saskatchewan - Yellow Grass and Midale - back in July 1937 at a balmy 45C (113F) Weather moves in cycles longer than human lives. You cannot rely upon personal experience, to know of local weather is truely unusual. We are like mayflies, not realizing that winter ever exists, or even times longer than a day. Black radiates heat faster than white too... If you manage to build a large enough empire, then... and only then, can you make the world a better place. I guess it depends where you live. In Canada, more women have University degrees than men. It's been that way for a while. And outside the US, university can cost, but isn't a back breaker. Or it's free. I wonder how much this is a US problem. Most Canadian computing jobs, which I get sent, seem to specify "or experience" as an alternative to a degree. What grinds my gears, is a company which has "important info" emails you cannot opt out of, but then it is still 95% spam. My bank tried this during the start of the pandemic. Yeah, that kind of scummy. "How to get CERB! Also, we're awesome and here are products to help you!" (cerb == initial canadian relief payments) Scum. Even the fisherman's tale of how big the fish was, applies. Some guy with a sword kills a big croc, which is a good feat! Yet each telling the croc is bigger, more fierce, especially as the alcohol flows. His grandkids hear the story too. Taxing billionaire can generate additional revenue, bit it is nothing compared to corporate taxes. Two things. Outside of the excessive dev costs, and high price tags of these things, ongoing, year after year, institutional knowledge of "how to construct weaponry", and "how to test / build" the same is absolutely vital. You absolutely cannot be in a position where no company and employees exist, which knows these things. The cannot be overstated. Imagine a war breaks out, and now you try to build ... missiles. You have no tooling, no factory, no employees which have ever done so, and no supply chains either. Nor even engineered, first step designs! Now, I agree things are not perfect, but something must be in place. Something ongoing. This same logic holds with the military too. You want to lose a war? Have a no standing military, or one which is never deployed. You need trained, experienced troops, which will train other troops if a massive war breaks out and your numbers swell. You need experienced persons to lead, which have not been trained in isolation. Canada tries to solve this, as much as possible by peacekeeping. It's not perfect though, blue hats don't often engage in large scale actions. Point in all this is, trying to pick just, humanitarian causes for troop deployment, and weaponry usage in the field, and to keep supply chains alive, is difficult, yet is literally essential if you want to have a real defense potential. Or should the US, the West, just degrade their military, and hope for the best? (Canada was in Afghanistan for more than a decade.) Many people are asymptomatic. A 5x number is likely low. The only way to really know, would have been have worldwide, forced testing of every single person, weekly. EG billions of test per week. There were no tests at the start, not enough worldwide testing ability for the first 6 months, and once capacity existed, generally only people who felt sick were tested. And that's in rich nations. Maybe they think they're Oracle. You don't write networking code, just for kicks and giggles. The new Audacity owners (named elsewhere) are moving in a certain direction. A potentially unpleasant one. We should be doing as this post is, keeping an eye on each strange/potentially nefarious change made. I can't imagine any software dev, working for 30k in Canada. That's close to minimum wage in most provinces, even poverty level in many cities. As it was a British show, things Crazy America does probably doesn't apply. I watched this documentary when young, the computer thought it was all a game? It's the same with many things. Lawyers, doctors, etc. This comes from a long line of trade houses, literally spanning back 1000s of years. Trades have regulated themselves since before governments existed. Like at the end of Office Space? Desk jobs are fine, but can also be mind sapping horror shows. And who feels justified, working for 1/2 or 1/3rd what most peers are making? One thing. What happens to the power grid, if power needs double? Certainly, new power plant construction, even if green, will be financed by additional cost to the consumer. People talk about hooking cars up to the grid, and charging them during times of excess power, and then selling that power back during peak. Yet, that shorten battery lifespan a lot (imagine a car charged weekly to get around town, now discharged/charged daily... battery life is now 1/7th). There is also loss during charging, and discharge, loss in power lines too. Meanwhile, you could create h2 right at the power plant during time of excess. Like at a dam. Then just send all that stored energy via pipelines, just a with natural gas. Steel is reused, car wreckers strip cars, crush the steel, and off it goes to be made into girders or something. What's more worrying is battery recycling. Toxoc batteries. So far, The West's plan has been to ship them to poor countries, which tend to just bury them. This can be resolved, but will it be? I say this to anyone claiming to be green, unless you know 100% how your product can be recycled, with concrete, in place processes and recyclers, you're a liar, and not green. In Ontario, 6 successive government of all political stripes, one after another did nothing, leaving the grid burning coal and ng. Plants planned and canceled, one mess up after another, again all political parties the same mess. It is indeed easy, until it is time to execute. And it takes a decade at least, with zoning, environmental checks, just to get a plan planned and construction off the ground. This means that everyone should already have new plants in the planning stages. Not a report, but buying land, regulation hurdles, and when state owned, approved. Does the UK already have 3 or 4 new plants in these initial stages? And if so, how many may fall through? I think a nuclear plant decommissioning was the start of Ontario's problems. I hope yours go better, but each government blamed the prior, yet helpfully fixed nothing. Democracy is the way to go, yet sucks for long term projects. Especially expensive ones. The currwnt government gets all the complaints (new taxes or debt), someone else gets the reward. Can you remove the tape sealing closed your Amazon shipment with a chainsaw? Maybe, but you'd better be amazingly skilled with that chainsaw or it'll be very frustrating. Youtube video coming soon... Trash content alway existed. Always. AltaVista was all spam results when Google came on the scene. From where I sit, Google just doesn't care to work on search any more. For example: - pre 2005?, Google search terms were never aliased. A search for Bob, never returned Robert or Bobby. To make things "easier", alias searching was added. Now, there is all sorts of algorithmic aliasing happening, and it poisons the results further. - Couple this with the desire for verbal google searching to work, without complex queries, and even more aliasing/approximation of search results happen. I've seen homonyms aliased as of... 2016? Why? Google voice searching. - Quotes are only suggestions, only verbatim search forces precise terms (+ used to mean a word must appear as written, but was removed because it was interfereing with Google plus username searches..) - These days, Google spends more time trying to take content from web pages, and insert the answers at to of page. They want to be wikipedia, with you never leaving their page. All of the above, and more, show a steady decline in the desire for precise results, and instead, a desire to sacrifice search quality for profit, and pet projects. As others in this thread have said, Google isn't Google any more. You're conflating bug reports and error reporting, with telemetry and network access. Or even having network code in the app. Look at how android can ask, and many OSS apps can ask, to send reports via approved side channels, like email. Or how people can report wishes for apps to issue trackers. Telemetry is more about usage patterns, and many don't want that. Also, for decades devs have designed perfectly usable software, without telemetry. It's just not even remotely required. Wanted maybe, but not required. And the whole bug reporting/user usage patterns thing is a red herring. For example, how is it possible that Audacity even exists, got stable, and used enough to be bought, without telemetry, if it is so vital?? Except it does, and has, for decades. Or how did Audacity get good enough to be usable, and bought. Random chance? For perspective: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Les_Collines-de-l%27Outaouai... The county I live in, is 2200 sq km, with a population density of 24/sq km. This is in Quebec, at 1.5M sq km in size, and beside one of the largest metro areas in Canada, the National Capital Region of Ottawa and Gatineau, 5th or 6th largest. NL is 423/sq km density, 20x. It is only 40000sq km, or about 18x larger than my county. Quebec is 35x larger, Canada 230? 240 times larger. Further point, my municipality is in a populous province, and effectively a suburb of the nations capital. Lots of places have far lower population densities, and we have parks, and counties larger than the Netherlands. Lots more area to cover, for sure. In bash, you can get the rc of piped things, the var eludes me while walking.. It seems somewhat shady, there is a profit motive? Maybe it is about conversion, which at least has honorable intentions. When I drove through the US South, I saw all sorts of anti-abortion church billboards, so maybe this? The credit card angle is unpalatable, for sure. Yet take a sitcom such as Seinfeld. Each product they joked about, junior mints, snapple, etc were ads. The furniture is an ad. The appliances, the cereal on the shelf, etc. If no ads, generic boxes and unbranded products will appear instead, nothing is free. I am not saying videogames should be this way, merely pointing out that this is old, old almost century old advertising behaviour. The trick is to made the product better for it (Seinfeld junior mints was an incredibly funny episode). Of course, I think the CC thing you mention, was more just a "spam your users", so hardly subtle and non-intrusive. EG, on TV typically they write the episode, then after marketing says "ah look, he's supposed to drink a soda here, let's see who wants to pay for someone drinking their soda." This I can live with. Quebec, Canada, blue bands here... I think, as soon as he became the actor as well, he ceased being "the messager" in the terms of solely passing on a message. Put another way, "shoot the messenger" is a phrase used when an unbiased person, merely delivering a message of bias/harm from another, is attacked for the message. You are not a messenger, when you perform the act/deed/thing yourself. Hmm. I'm a big proponent for sanctity of the home. So, this made me think ; where does the current home end, and the current office? If the future, we may see more and more home raids, where an employer's malfeasance results in employee "workspaces" being raided for info. All computers taken, mobile phones, various office artifacts, with homes involved due to work-from-home. I suspect this may have already happened many times over the years, with CEOs, employees of small startups working from home. Has this battle already been lost? Not sure for Canada and our Charter of Rights and Freedoms, but what of the US? Does work from home, mean raids are easily justified? The long game is similar. Canada withdrew the 10k, then late 1k and 500 dollar notes. Now the $100, is worth what a $20 was, 35 years ago. Eventually it will be worth $5. With inflation, and time (the long game), all you have to do is wait. You'll need a duffel bag of hard currency, just to buy groceries. I am on a well, and have frequent power failures. I got tired of a small pressure tank, and thus no water without power. So I bought a 50 gallon one. Now I can take a shower in the morning, even without power. Not sure of the pump to use here, and I think we're discussing the same thing almost, but pressurizing the holding tank would be pump before vs pump after. It may provide a nicer experience? Not sure. An interesting premise, but I am on a well, have a pressure tank, and the well hose/pump has a check valve. (Otherwise, water could slowly drain back into the well) So think of it as a closed system, and it is a common setup, yet I have not seen this behaviour. While I agree (good and bad repair shops), this extends to dealers and even management at local, non-franchised shops. EG, a specific Tesla shop can be stuck with bad management too. A Canadian banks was caught because tellers were signing people up, unaware, with free credit cards, over draft protection, monthly plans, and even lines of credit. Why? Management tying performance and promotion, and even job security, with overly aggressive conversion numbers. So, even a Tesla shop may try an upsale, to get monthly profit numbers up. In terms of the hack? It's not a hack. It is a simple, sensible fix. Bear in mind, the Tesla shop he went to? Seems to be little more than a component swapping repair site. They likely know little about car repair. One other thing. You get good at car repair, when you work on 10, 20, 30 year old cars. Fixing new, in lease cars is easy by comparison. Tesla has little experience with 20 year old wear and tear fixes... Yet independent shops and experienced mechanics do. Hmm. So a catchment tank, then even a small pressure tank after, might give a very nice experience. And without power, the catchment tank would still be pressurized by the incoming water supply at 10psi, a nice fallback. Now we only need to obtain the contract. Profit! Even better, during war, calamity, or zombies, the catchment tank can provide for emergency water! When I was growing up, we walked that to school each day, uphill, in a snowstorm! Found the eink employee. Kidding! You do make some interesting points re: licensing and patents and such. I think the complaint I hear leveled, is that there is a patent, and it is licensed, but at exhobrinant cost. Thus, eink is "too expensive" for true derivative innovation, and even widespread sale. You might do better to speak to that accusation directly. In high school economics, we learned of min/max pricing theory. If you price your widgets at 100 dollars profit per unit, you'll sell 10 of them a year. If you price them at 1 buck per, you'll sell 1000. But... you'll have additional support costs, returns, other ancillary costs when selling 1000 units compared to 10. So at the 1 profit price point, you need additional staff, larger facilities, more manufacturing capability, etc. Sometimes, licensing is like this. Fewer units sold, but better profit. Maybe the eink lads believe the tech can never scale beyond niche, won't take off, so are just milking the market at the highest licensing fees they can get? Maybe even raw licensing, without per unit sale fees? Thus, higher up front costs, as no confidence i sales numbers? Plus no internal audit costs with licensing, sales, compliance? Just thoughts on why the high licensing costs, may be true. The Dutch might have a new industry, exporting their skill at reclaiming land from the sea. And how to keep inland areas below sea level, pumped dry reliably. Trade secrets are that, but if you willingly disclose, that's on you. I recall as story about a manufacturer, building a new plant. He took "reasonable security precautions" to protect its design, fences, guards while being built. A competitor hired a plane, flew over, took detailed photos. It was later ruled that the trade secrets were intact, thus could not be used. It feels like this is more a result of Amazon not being able to connect you with the right escalation path to verify & act on these claims than a considered decision to ignore them. Those two things are actually the same thing, both are wilfully ignoring situations like this. The Amish grow lots of beans, and I doubt they like nanotubes. I think soon, we're going to have to (sadly) get legislative for things such as this. This path has been taken in some jurisdictions, for things like deleting customer data, accounts and more. But it has been proven again and again, that offering paid services with zero customer support, is seen as a plus for many corps. I presume the logic is, support costs big, better to lose a small percentage of clients, than support them all fully and reasonably. Some cite Chinese sellers, fraud as the problem. No, that's not the problem, the problem is not dealing with cost, and this issue, in a reasonable way. We have centuries of common law, and legislative backing which essentially states that consumers, clients, businesses must behave in a certain way with one another. Amazon is trying to game the system, by ignoring these covenants, and creating process and conditions which purposefully denigrate these concepts. So glad someone found a way to mess up their perfect little plan to keep consumers, and clients out of court. Consumer rights are not something to be optimized, mitigated, reduced. More thoughts ; we've been through this forever. Think of all the lemon laws for car dealers , manufacturers, as a result of just plain scummy behaviour. It's all the same thing. Act scummy, and we'll make you stop. I am scared to death of rust. It appears that if one uses it, one become evangelicalized to it, spreads the word "Praise Rust!", and so forth. Anything so evangelized is met with strong skepticism here. I recall a time at the grocery store, years ago. I wanted some sliced meat, but when I approached the counter a young woman was sweeping the floor. Naturally, she was wearing gloves. Seeing me, she grabbed the dustpan, threw away her sweepings, put the broom away, and was prepared to now serve me... Still wearing the same gloves. Apparently magic gloves, for she was confused when I asked her to change them. She'd touched the broom, the dustpan, the floor, stuff in the dustpan, and the garbage. All within 20 seconds of me seeing her. Proper procedure, understanding processes, are far more effective than a misused tool. Is rust mildly better than some languages? Maybe. But it is not a balm for all issues, and as you say, replacing very well maintained codebases might result in suboptimal outcomes. Indeed https://columbiainsight.org/how-and-why-to-fix-the-u-s-canad... No citations are findable. All indexes (search engines) prevent finding said data, all videos are missing, all forums/boards are purged, and discussing over zoom/voice results in a disconnect. Also, now Google, Facebook and others have tagged you as a conspiracy nut, just for hitting a flagged term.