This has to do with a series of 4chan posts under "anon works IT" https://imgur.com/gallery/B9wqU They do. Recently applied for a position I am somewhat qualified for (all the right resume keywords and x years of experience). Recruiter calls me in for an interview only to tell me the 'client' wants someone with a degree. Degrees are nice to have for getting past bureaucracy. However,I still maintain for IT an programming jobs,the time and financial investment is largely a waste. Identity based encryption. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ID-based_encryption "Identity-based systems allow any party to generate a public key from a known identity value such as an ASCII string. A trusted third party, called the Private Key Generator (PKG), generates the corresponding private keys...." I think it's innovative and a bit of "thinking outside the box". You do need to ultimately trust a 3rd party (same as in PKI or WOT I guess?). This. I live this everyday and they talk about it in terms of "insider threat" and "user behavior analytics". Yes , every last thing you do at work is being monitored and analyzed. You see,I am at a point where I wish it stopped at work. $work these days spies on your off work activities as well. Essentially making you their slave. If you don't experience this,then maybe your company isn't big enough to afford it(or if it is,please tell me more about this wonderful company that let's you do your job without 24/7 surveillance) EDIT:Just search for " user behavior analytics".Orwell would be impressed You can use those APIs but AV and dynamic sandbox analysis solutions look for samples that make decisions based on the return value of those functions. [flagged] I may have gone too far with the trumpist remark,I just saw a close paralell. I did not mean you were one. Anyways,you tried to make the story about the media,how this article is some sort of retribution. Yes I went too far there,I did not intend it as an insult,I only attempted to draw a parallel. Sorry. A person shouldn't have to prove they're not fake,the person making the accusation needs to backup his statement with proof(not speculation). Obviously,there is no reason to even give ear to accusations against her. But,I do have something against using your sex appeal and good looks to get more views,support,etc... A woman wearing skimpy dress,cleavage or breast accentuating(?) Top is just as inappropriate as a topless muscular guy wearing only a speedo and his privates bulging out while making similar tech videos. There are times and places to display what an awesome body you have and how sexy you are(for any gender) That being said,this slander,gossip and spreading false rumors is a terrible thing. Even if she was a "fake" it would still be an unethical and inappropriate response. Frankly,I think the people spreading the rumors are displaying nothing more than their own insecurity. Yeah, I don't have a problem with women in tech at all. They shouldn't have to sexualize themselves for success. Plenty of smart women (including likely the subject of the article) where their work is more than enough to compete with any man's work. As a user,I am most offended by ads that target me. I would rather see a completely unrelatable ad. It feels like learning new information that way,as opposed to being stalked and preyed upon. I don't know how much research has been done on the subject,but personally I don't mind ads in general,I mind ads that target (stalk) me and intrusive ads. I can tolerate ads that target the page content or random ads just fine. In any military force,turning your weapon against your own people is worse than being a traitor,running from battle in cowardice or surrendering to the enemy. Their continued attack(yes,using malware and implants against someone is an attack) against their own people is in my opinion completely shameful and unpatriotic. As someone who has no intention of breaking any law or of harming the united states,it is simply not ok for me to have to include my government as part of any threat model or as a potential attacker. I have been wondering why that isn't done more often myself. I mean,it isn't like tv ads didn't work. Their soldiers shot their own people and received rewards? I find that hard to believe. Or did you mean computer attacks? In communist and authoritarian nations, monitoring what the people are doing is normal(to account for potential dissent),but they would also shoot/imprison their own people over political dissent. Maybe the U.S. is no better than those nations. Still doesn't make it right. If a soldier does not protect his people and their rights then he becomes nothing more than a henchman for politicians - worse than a traitor. I guess that qualifies and makes a good example of an unpatriotic soldier blindly obeying orders. It doesn't,but since I learned about this person,I commented on this aspect of the story. Technical work should be judged on technical merits. Being called fake because of your appearance is unfair and so is marketing technical work using your appearance. My objection was towards unfair abuse of someones appearance whether by the subject of the story or by her accusers. > Most VPN software, frankly, is awful. Using a VPN feels like a backward step to the dial up era of obscure error messages, slow downs, and clunky software. It really doesn’t have to be that way. Ugh...interesting analogy. Personally, I prefer my "dial up era" wireguard or openvpn over a "modern era" service that aims to be a gate-keeper of internet content delivery. CF always tries to interact with the browser/application. Still trying to cope with "Alphabet inc" tracking users cross device and apppication. I Would rather see reduced performance if it means one less corporate middleman. That said,I would have no problem with Neumob or any CF service if all application traffic used browser(or app) to real-server end to end encryption and CF did not store cookies and did not run js. After all,CDN services like akamai,fastly and cloudfront manage to operate just fine without being intrusive like CF. Not true,sure I would prefer programming related ads but I still want it page-relevant and not based on my browsing history,habits or sensor data. Is there really no legal option to stop this? Can't users who don't use facebook file a restraining order? Just like ipv6 they are over complicating things that need simplification. End to end encryption and chat room backlog would be nice. DCC and CTCP need to go away. A simpler protocol that does more with less would in my opinion be optimal. You are right. My comment was more towards the ircv3 wg. It's a made up term. Titles are suppose to be specific. I made a nice dinner yesterday myself. Guess I'm a maker too(no recipe used,original as well!) Since they are using "maker" to describe persons that are engineering electronics related work,why not just call themselves "electronics engineer"? Edit: seems I stepped on toes with my comment,I don't know how else to react to a term like "maker". Could have been less sarcastic but I'll eat up the downvotes and maintain what small amount of common sense I have. Glad he apologized and offered to right what he wronged. I hope Naomi accepts the apology as well. That said,unless you were personally wronged by this man,please let it go and consider this whole drama history. I wish either party didn't make this about a struggle between genders and classes. Guy acted like a jerk and apologized,something any one of us can do(regardless of gender,skin color or nationality) When you describe what you do with a term (made up or not),that term should at the very least give your audience some idea of what you do. Everyone is a maker. The point of a language is to communicate information,not to obscure it. Would it be a proper use of language if a programmer called himself a "writer"? After all he is writing. "programmer" or "software developer" is used to distinguish what type of writing he/she works with for a living. Sorry if that offended you,but from my perspective,it just does not communicate the nature of their work efficiently. Fair enough. This is why I would not ever be able to keep a silicon valley job. Sure language is made up,but isn't an obstacle to clear communication bad language? I find it hard to accept unreasonable logic(even the popular and trendy kind). Powerpc isn't too bad. Affordable power9 would be nice. What needs to be done to make that a reality? > I want to know if they can communicate with me. I want to know if I can sit down and talk to them and enjoy myself. Do I get any weird vibes? Do they keep checking their phone? Can they talk with passion about their current work or work experience? If this doesn’t go well, maybe schedule a second one, or part ways. Honest question, why do they think this sort of stuff is relevant? I've heard "can I spark a conversation with him if I met him at the check out line?" And other questions I can't wrap my head around. Is it appropriate to meet for coffee to begin with? Is an ability to socialize well and "chat over coffee" important for roles that are not customer or client facing? As a developer or engineer,do you find these skills relevant,critical or important to get your job done? Justice shouldn't be based on statistics. If a sexual harrasment claim is made,why not treat it like any other accusation of wrongdoing? If the accused admits(like many of the popularized cases recently),he should be charged in court,why would someone admitting to rape not be prosecuted? If the accused does not admit guilt then he(or she) should be viewed as innocent until proven otherwise. Is it not better for many guilty suspects to escape punishment than for one innocent person to pay for a crime that didn't happen? Maybe slander applies here if the accused feels the media(and social media) accusations are wrong. Remember this: https://www.marketwatch.com/story/google-searches-for-hillar... I doubt anyone can give you a sure answer. But this sort of a thing is a "public secret" https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/jun/04/google-in... https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/as-obama-nea... Any of these?: https://duckduckgo.com/?q=google+cia+post Notice the term "data provider" (a provider is a willing participant) in this snowden leak slide: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turbulence_(NSA)#/media/File... The question really is "what ideology?" Not whether or not everything they do is ideological. Maybe I should slowly put down my tinfoil hat. I can only presume,but I believe they simply want it to integrate well with the existing protonmail public key system. Also,maybe they plan on letting protonmail users share or send contacts(non-repudiation and authentication). Just leave super mario,duck hunt and galaga alone! Can't you use the same argument for robot soldiers? They will stick to rules of engagement and less people will die. The question with cars and robot soldiers is how comfortable will society be with machines causing human death. Even if overall human death is reduced. Also,what about accountability? Who would I press charges against if a self driving car chose to save a stranger but kill a loved one? For a human driver,neglect and responsible driving can be measured. But for a machine,the only blame I can place is with a megacorp and their lawyer army for training the ML algorithm that caused loss of a loved one (or loss of a limb) [flagged] Sheesh,HN sure has a good sense of humor.. That's not a bad investment at all. Not sure if still true but last I heard,some 85% of internet traffic at some point is processed by a juniper device. I don't care much for your herd mentality. When I comment,I expect my audience to be individuals not herd members that think "this is how we do things here". I have been around elitist types long enough to not be bothered by it too much. Do what you will,what can I do other than wonder in amusement how something as simple as a harmless pun can be taken so seriously. And I don't use reddit. Thank you so much for this mozilla. It is ridiculously easy to trick even tech savvy users with a data: uri phish. Great read! Thanks for sharing. Would be great if lsm hooks existed for execve and create_elf_table(). Tangential to that,wonder why loading multiple lsm isn't a thing? I can see myself writing complimentary lsm to an existing selinux or apparmor lsm that adds or enhances functionality and security controls. The question troubles me much more than the answer. Whether for a job position or college application acceptance,why is it ok to practice anything short of pure meritocracy? When a person attends a school or works at a company,why is that person seen as an ambassador and representative of a larger group as opposed to an individual representing himself or herself? If a person can demonstrate their ability to meet or exceed the demands of a job or their ability to succeed academically at the school of choice,why consider anything else? In case of multiple good candidates,pick the one that is most compatible with the company or school or whichever candidate scores best on additional testing. I don't care what $somegroup tend to be good at or bad at. I am not hiring a group,I am hiring an individual. If a person,irrespective of gender, can test better than other candidates,they should get a job. I assure you fully,I do not speak as a member of some "priviledged group", quite the contrary. However, I despise artificial equality. The argument of the emancipation and civil rights movement both were founded on the fact that all people are created equal. It means people should not be artificially stopped from participating in public activities and opportunities because they are somehow thought of as "naturally inferior". Test everyone equally (their merit for the opportunity and character as individuals) and do not artificially add or deduct points based on their membership to some group. If you treat,(for example) a woman in a special way - only because of her gender, you are being a sexist. The end does not justify the means,it does not matter if in the end that woman is better off(in your opinion). You are still being a sexist. The focus shouldn't be on measuring a certain group's representation at a company or school. The focus should be in enforcing strict meritocracy and auditing for any controls that might inhibit any individual from succeeding or progressing because of their membership to a group. Lastly,for downvotes' sake - a person's political affiliation or social views are frequently used to artificially " keep out" individuals out of silicon valley companies. In my opinion that is unjust and should be corrected. For example, a software engineer's political views,national origin,ethnicity,gender,what sports team he likes or if he voted for $politician is irrelevant to being a good software engineer. If he or she demonstrates their superior technical ability and ability to get along with your team,hire them. Look back at history and see how much evil could have been avoided if people did what was right-but-inconvenient. Nothing good ever comes out of injustice. You're asking the very same questions that troubled me. If people belonging to a certain group are not doing well,why do you take a group based approach instead of asking why individual applicants and employees are not doing well? I get why you are trying to find cause to explain your correlation and I understand adjusting whatever barrier tests and controls there are that are found to be unfair or discriminatory. What I am saying is,adjust the tests for everyone,not for specific groups. At the end of the day,whether I get the job or school acceptance or get rejected,I want my test to be the same as everyone else. Jim crow era voting tax is a good example,the test was unfair and discriminatory in nature so they got rid of the test(tax). Imagine if instead they made it so that black people were exempt but everyone else had to pay the tax. That is what I am against. An unfair test should be removed because it is unfair. It should not be augmented so that the intended victims of the unfair test are exempt from the test or get special considerations. If a job requirement test can unfairly be abused to discriminate against a candidate,then get rid of the requirement. Good example - "Must be an excellent oral and written communicator" - this is too vague and too subjective. How about laying out the specific communication requirements of the task and testing all candidates based on their use of slang words,verbage,vocabullary,etc.. ? Yes,people do discriminate. The system,tests and controls are what need adjustment - and this adjustment should be across the board,so that individuals face the same tests and controls.a As opposed to adjustments that affect only the intended victim. Average people don't know about this. Even if they did,they don't understand the implications. This is truly concerning,as in I have serious doubts about this society's short term survival. I don't mean as in democracy or cultural survival but wars,civil unrest and all the other nasty horrors humans cause on each other. It seems only a matter of time until those things happen,except this time the masses are controlled and their behavior analyzed and influenced ever so more efficiently. The west hasn't seen the type of surveillance that goes on under terrible regimes,where they use your friends and family to monitor you,and when you fall out of line you get "disappeared". I think people here in the west just assume that type of stuff only happens in north korea and other 3rd world countries. Maybe Germans who lived in east Germany can relate. Anyways, the common man's ability to stop tyranny or even help victims of tyranny goes away when the common man can't hide his views,inclinations,associations and activities even if he/she wanted to. Think of all the great wars,movements and struggles in history and all the heroic acts that shaped the present. Could any of them succed if everyone was using facebook and google and the "bad side" controlled these companies? I can't decide whether it is overconfidence in democracy and western governments or reckless ignorance of history that has made the existence of these companies in their current form tolerable. I think we're nearing(or have passed) the "point of no return". Maybe we are living in one of those "prelude" years before an era of unthinkable chaos and worlds turning upside down begins. The risks,potential casualties and how much it would take for peace to return all seem exponentially higher. I think some sober thinking is needed. Facebook,google,amazon and friends can all operate well(even better) while eliminating most of their capacity they have to monitor user activity and without mining and analyzying user behavior. Really,they have the money and the technology exists to allow that to happen. What lacks is the will. I disagree with your solution. Less guns and more discipline at a young age would go a long way. Why should a kid take your lecturing and conflict resolution seriously if he/she hasn't been raised knowing their actions will lead to very real and immediate consequences. The prison and juvenile detention systems encourage criminality not correction. Maybe the needed education is for parents. Social shaming of abandoning your child raising spouse might help too. I'm just saying,it's always best to address the disease instead of the symptom and that at the foundation of a child's life. Just my humble opinion. This really makes you ask 'What on earth am I doing with my life?'. The article is well said ,they want you to be too scared to leave,much like a well cared for house slave would. They even trick you into believing "benefits" are a valid form of compensation. That being said,not all corps are like that. Some take in people like me with no college education(hah!) And give us opportunities to prove ourselves. I think the old saying "hurting people hurt people" applies. Maybe goes beyond parents ,as in "it takes a village to raise a child". I wonder if you have had good role models that you turned out well? As far as gun laws,even in boston the US constitution applies so people get guns. Look at japan,their gun laws are so strict,their gangs(yakuza) very rarely keep guns. Sometimes cop's don't even bother to bring guns when raiding gangs! Gun laws work,so long as it isn't half baked with all sorts of exceptions and short prison times. " No guns for all civilians" with a "7-15 year prison term upon violation" is what I meany by gun laws. Anyways,I hope you prove me wrong and do great by the kids in your city. Stagefright is one,so is the broadcom SoC exploits project zero published Would love to answer,however not in a public forum like this. I can say that I paid my dues and had people take a chance on me. You took quite a twist there. Suice rates and the way men die has much more to do with social expectations and culture than genetics.you need to at least have a theory on how genetics explains your correlation (other than saying "how else can you explain it") The truth is , some jobs like becoming a CEO require a lot of social networking and socializing. Historically women were not allowed to hold those positions,so when attempting to climb the corporate ladder, existing men CEOs and other C-suite execs either find it hard or don't want to build that trust and mentoring relationship with women candidates. Unlike with a man,there are plenty of issues with a man in power expecting a woman under him to spend private time off work ,after hours,etc... Back to my point,for women to get a fair shot at being a CEO,they don't need a special exception or favors,the existing system and expectations need to be eliminated (for men and women). > "Instead, we need to address why there are so few women in leadership positions, why they tend to leave the workforce earlier" The fact that there are less women in itself is not a problem. Unfair requirements and tests? Sure,those are a problem. Having less women as CEOs by itself is as much of a problem as is having less men as nurses or not having any women navy seals (they tried hard to get a woman to become a seal) Has a woman reported a barrier or an obstacle to becoming a CEO? Then let's fix that. But uncomfortable statistics is not a problem. I may not know for sure but until I can explain the cause behind the statistics,I must simply admit that I don't know the cause. For all I know,most women might simply not care much for a C suite job(or not). But like I said, "socializing" barriers might be the problem ,although I can't prove it. > "The candidates the Army is hoping to attract should have at least a bachelor’s degree" Right.... 5 guys with a degree that already work in infosec jumping into that program? Interesting if it actually works. Why the US government does not look past a degree in lieu of experience I might never find out. I have a different theory, most cultures tell a kid that has mental issues or is unattractive that he's "smart" even if that isn't the case.because, after all,even with a good body and looks you can only go so far and if your social and emotional intelligence is low that only leaves academic intelligence. So,my theory is that people prone to developing mental disorders tend to also get encouragement from their parents and community to seek academic intellectual success. I believe 80%(guesstimate) of "IQ" is a result of the individual working out their brain. Sorry,should have said "most cultures that I have been exposed to." I was only speaking from the few cultures I have observed. Although in some cultures I have seen,academic success and getting certain types of jobs is heavily encouraged by most parents and communities. I have also seen at least some US cultures that encourage extreme athleticism (sports scholarships and all) So, the whole thing with systemd is not that "it's bad" but that "I don't like it and I am stuck with it". Moreover, it leaves those of us who don't like it disenfranchised by distros that insist on using only systemd Opensource is about alternatives. Forks are a good thing,I wish devuan great success so people like myself won't have to whine about systemd all the time. If you like systemd and it's philosophy,I wish you the best of luck with it. Just keep in mind that others don't have to like it and different people or organizations have different needs. If a mail client does not support dmarc,or happens to move reject policy emails to junk (as opposed to not delivering at all). And the user loses all their money to a phishing campaign,would cloudflare be held responsible? I get the intent but in these situations,no solution is better than a half-cooked solution. If I happened to be a victim in my hypothetical scenario above,sure I would get pissed at my (web)mail client,but also at cloudflare for not terminating the phisher's service when they were so sure of the malicious content hosted they went as far as sabotaging dmarc records. From a more practical point of view,most phishing campaings like to use compromised websites or email accounts to send the email. Now the email itself will typically have a link to some nasty site or an attachment that eventually ends up "dropping" a second stage malware from some other nasty site. So, if these nasty sites sit behind Cloudflare,how does it make sense to not hold Cloudlfare responsible? Historically,their defense was "we are just the network transport provider". But what now? They can sabotage dmarc records but not A records? Their legal team must either be sleeping on the job or so good that an obvious liability like this isn't seen as a business risk. Correct me if I am wrong wouldn't this position Cloudflare as a "Publisher" of the content? Forget about holding it liable for censoring content(email via dmarc p=reject;),but as a publisher is it not liable for the nature of the content it publishes? I understand that you can't hold Cloudflare liable just because it's customers hosted illegal or damaging content. But isn't a "publisher" liable for content take-down after an abuse notice? If they can't be sued under civil law,can't they be prosecuted under criminal law? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aiding_and_abetting Section two title 18: > (b) Whoever willfully causes an act to be done which if directly performed by him or another would be an offense against the United States, is punishable as a principal. This looks nice. I wonder why they decided on security comparable to RSA 2048? It won't be useful in practical application for a few more years anyways. For sure attacks on a Post-quantum signature schemes would be different in every way than RSA,but if that comparison is meant to compare how long a full key space search would take utilizing existing computational limits,then wouldn't that security be a wee bit on the weak side by the time this gets mainstream acceptance? I would certainly not accept RSA-2048 signatures 5 years from now any more than I would RSA-1024 now. This makes me think,why not use trained humans to come up with challenges that can't be solved easily or efficiently with training data. As an example, a team of 2,000 humans can come up with about 10,000 challenges an hour to be solved by 1,000,000 visitors an hour. The key being humans trained to generate questions and challenges that they themselves wouldn not have to solve as part of any regular activity or event. The labor cost can obviously be outsourced(or not) and it makes sense to charge as a service to sites. However,this makes me ask one more question - what if popularity in ML creates meanial jobs for humans similar to my theoretical solution? Everyone looks at the benefits of ML,but all good technologies get abused and it's hard to imagine even more ML countering abused ML. Vendors have to go through FCC certification before shipping consumer electronics. If the FCC adds security audit to this,maybe so much of these silly insecurities could be solved before leaving the factory(to avoid wastes FCC certification fees). In reality politics isn't so simple,but politicians these days keep having hearing after hearing and declaration after another on improving "cyber" security. Is my desire here really hopeless? EDIT: FCC rule I was referencing: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Title_47_CFR_Part_15 Not like they were wrong about TV or video games. Unpopular view for sure. Here is the dragos write up on this (pdf): https://dragos.com/blog/trisis/TRISIS-01.pdf And mirai was the russians! (Sarcasm,it's not). I'm not saying it's not NK,just that there are plenty of well funded large scale advanced blackhat organizations (e.g. - Dridex). It's also known that NK has foreign offices in China and elsewhere. Russians recruit hackers for their APT work and in exchange let the hackers do whatever they want,why not NK hackers? If you were a NK hacker in china,wouldn't it cross your mind to weaponize a treasure trove of NSA tools into a profitable ransomware? Code similarities with lazarus group tools can be explained by this and other similar plausible theories. NK is low on cash so it could have been a pyongyang directive. But the whole operation lacks a lot of the operational and organizational details a typical APT operation would exhibit. A kill switch but no whitelist to avoid annoying allies. when kill switch was discovered I would expect a nation state operation to quickly adopt. Nation states love hoarding strategic compromises (typically websites,botnets,etc...) As far as I know,no pre-existing botnet or compromised sites took part in catalyzing the worm. Again,not saying it's not NK,I'm just saying a few too many things seem off, I take this attribution with a few grains of salt. It's not a question of being "elite" although based on known intel I think they are, But a question of organization and resources government backed teams exhibit. Even a team of noobs if backed by a government can at least rent botnets and have backup plans to adopt to quickly. My opinion isn't that remarkable and quite cheesy, but, I seriously think not using windows and enabling two factor authentication wherever possible is the best defense against APT attacks. They are not "a room full of genius hackers" most of their attacks I have read about use phishing attacks that can be stopped by two factor auth (credential stealing) and not using powershell,MS office,windows script host and other dependable and reliable tools that come with windows. It's not that windows is so insecure but that it is so uniform and easy to prepare an attack for. Try finding a way to have a user download and execute a malicious executable in Linux or a script (much like Office macros) - in my experience it is very unreliable and difficult. You have to resort to 0 days or hope the machine isn't well updated. Please correct me if I am wrong,I only speak from a limited experience. I get how difficult replacing windows can be in BigCorp and large organizations,but for small orgs like think thanks that are of high risk to APT attacks,I believe the risk associated with windows and single factor auth far exceeds the cost of a linux only network with 2fa and dedicated security staff. One thing people often forget when talking about petroleum is plastics and many other uses that have nothing to do with converting petrol into energy. Is there a raw material that can be used to substitute for petrol to make plastics or is there an alternate to plastics for mass production and other uses? There was similar story about google redacting results critical of hillary clinton. Hard to believe this isn't abuse of power. Hmm, maybe they were being sarcasting with their slogan "don't be evil". > As free LKRG becomes somewhat popular and maybe a target of some exploits, we might introduce paid LKRG Pro as a means to fund the project and provide further diversity (with Pro's smaller userbase being beneficial), extra and specialized functionality (e.g., detection of container escapes), and maybe distro-specific binary builds. Hmm,this is what went wrong with grsec. Love the idea though. Why not charge for commercial support and keep all features free? Tangentially, this feels a lot like Microsoft's KPP https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kernel_Patch_Protection As a user I don't want you to know that information. I wish there was a way to click on links with the referer field removed entirely from the request(maybe via context menu) Interesting,I have been asking myself something completely opposite to your question. Why is there so little of security news on HN. I mean,I have nothing against using the word "hacker" to mean "someone who finds new and creative programming/CS solutions". But I find the obvious meaning of "someone who works for or against computer security" hard to avoid. There is so much security news going around daily that I have to personally keep up with. I see little to none of that content on HN. But I do quite often find useful programming and crypto articles,questions and discussions on here. Why does it need to support u2f? Would be nice if it did but from a security point of view,it does support two factor authentication(TOTP). If you're concerned about the authenticator app being compromised then a dedicated phone or hardware token device can be configured. As I said,u2f has better security but at least financially speaking,time based OTP has a lower barrier of entry while being superior in it's security to most non-u2f alternates (phone call,sms,etc...). I don't think lack of u2f alone disqualifies it from being considered as having top tier authentication. The author makes good points but forgets to key considerations: 1) Reputation. A well known,well reputed provider (Fsecure or protonvpn for example) for most users would not be less trustworthy than their ISP. ISPs can easily get away with injecting malware into your http traffic or selling your data. A security company or VPN provider based in a jurisdiction with strict privacy laws and with well known business owners however has a lot more to lose and a lot less legal fighting power. 2) Threat model - you are already trusting someone (ISP) with not only monitoring your traffic but manipulating it. That should already be part of your threat model.when comparing a vpn provider with your ISP, which potential attacker poses a greater risk? For many users,sadly,it is their ISP. Last note,most vpn users just want to bypass IP restrictions,they don't care all that much about privacy(although that seems to be changing) So.. At this point it's no secret that hostile nation state actors run a large number(majority) of Tor relays and exits and target users using their favorite 0 day of the month in addition to revealing their real IP. Is it wise or even safe to use Tor at this point? The Tor network was not designed to be resistant to the current and very active global adversaries. I say this because of all the comments I am reading about supporting Tor and having an onion service. If you are someone who still thinks Tor is safe,can you explain to me what threat model would make it a relevant solution? No matter how I look at it all the threat actors Tor might help against can either deanonymize you or they are so resource bound,using a reputable VPN will thwart them just as well (with the reduced risk of a hostile 'exit') At this point,I think recommending Tor might actually be dangerous. Looking Forward to the Orchid project to go live. Certainly. As you said,a hostile nation state targeting a nobody (like myself) would gain no new information by the fact that it knows I used Tor to access nytimes. Unfortunately, intelligence community and law enforcement agencies do not presume innocence. They would presume that you're a "bad guy" who is "trying to hide". What harmless sites you visit is of little importance to them. You're a likely threat,essentially, a Tor user is an active target for proactive LE and Intelligence gathering operations. This isn't parnoia,the snowden leaks which dated around 2008 show the NSA targeting visitors of sites like linux.com (xkeyscore). When hunting for "threat" you look for the people trying to hide. For example,they love it when people use PGP encrypted emails,their sensors pick up on that and they correlate metadata gathered from that communication for further intel gathering and offensive targeting (PGP does not encrypt email metadata) So,using Tor with a nation state actor or LE agency incorporated into your threat model would be very bad in my opinion,even if all you do is visit nytimes over https via hidden service with noscript. Performance isn't strictly bottlenecked by crypto operations. Latency is a huge problem with VPNs. This means you want packet-per-second(pps) performance to be optimal as well as full duplex packet processing. Multi threaded means payload that has already been through a crypto operation wouldn't need to block further crypto ops or wait for other crypto ops to be processed further (just one obvious example of a performance advantage). Also - plenty of people don't even use AES,even for those that do AES-NI offloads the actual AES operation,not things like CBC,GCM and CTR. sigh they say it is in the eye of the beholder. Look at Ada,some find it terrible yet to some an under appreciated marvel With PKI,a good protocol isn't the problem but rather making the cost of infrastructure keep-up worthwhile. Anyways, non-pki protocols are in the works. This is one I personally have grown fond of: https://github.com/DeDiS/cothority I've heard of blockchain based ideas as well but I'll leave that to your google-fu I'm in the same boat as you so pardon me for not giving a sugar-coated response(since I am simultaneously criticizing myself). Rude? What was your motive for behaving a certain way? If that motive did not include arrogance,selfishness,hatred or apathy then I don't think you were being rude at all. This doesn't change the fact that you are being perceived as rude. People simply cannot tell your motive without getting to know you on a personal level beforehand. I agonize endlessly over maybe having done something that will be misunderstood as rudness or unkindness. Coward? This is a though one to admit. I hate and despise it but it is a truth I had to face. Even if your personality is an introvert,you should be able to forcibly tolerate discomforting situations. Avoiding them is acting out of fear (of awkward situations,discomfort,etc..). It is a personality fault. I have been trying to self-reflect and find the root cause of this behavior. I was much more tolerant towards it when I was younger but I am now starting to see all the things I missed out on (personally and professionally) as a result of introvertism and social anxieties. I hope you find an answer that helps. The "social contracts" in european nations reflect those societies as does lack of one in the US. The author for some reaso correlates the opiod crisis even though he admits there has never been such a "social contract" in the history of the U.S. Moreover,he lumps "strongmen" with "self-help" and religion with no obvious relation other than people "turn" to them. And generalizes by saying being "joel osteen enough" is what conservatives mean when speaking of family values. This is how democracy works,americans simply don't have the same beliefs and world views as swedes or portugese. No strings attached housing for homeless people is cheaper than leaving them on the streets. Treating drugs as a disease instead of a crime is cheaper. Earlier retirement of elders allows younger workers with more relevant skills to join the work force. A more humane prison system would result in less prisoners (cheaper). So,are americans simply unaware of this? Nope. "Americans" are a diverse group of people with a diverse set of social divisions and conflicts. They simply don't think "free housing" or most anything "free" is a good idea even if free is cheaper than what we have now. Why should a criminal get treated better? Why can't homeless peoole get a low paying job just like immigrants? Etc.... That's how americans see these issues. The homeless,poor,under privledged are "them" in the eyes of the american popular majority. In western europe,those people are "us" or "our people". America spends 20% of it's gdp on the military. Yet spend a bit more to solve these societal issues and all the powerful (typically older) people would say "not with my tax money". That being said,why is everyone so pessimistic? We know these problems. It might take a decade or more for the demographics to shift enough to where we can fix these issues but why panic? Essentially, America needs to be united. Neither the leaders nor the population seem to have a strong interest in being united,this by itself is the equivalent of having a terminal brain tumor! > “It’s a big myth that there are thousands of [signatures] for any particular groups,” he notes. “These [TerritorialDispute] guys really focus on finding the two or three telltale signs that could lock you in [on an APT].” I have a hard time accepting that. Sure,if it was a financially motivated actor or common malware a few "high quality" indicators are all you need. But APT actors know they are being tracked by their adversary using these same indicators. It isn't difficult or costly for them to avoid reuse of infrastructure and tooling. The few attribtions I looked at in detail require a more speculative and somewhat imprecise correlation by humans as opposed to clear and static indicators. Please correct my ignorance if I am wrong. EDIT: Security companies do use "thousands" of signatures and indicators to find events that might possibly be associates with an APT group. Why is the NSA special? That's what I can't accept. As good as the NSA is,multi billion dollar security companies are not far behind (I would say some are even ahead when it comes to defensive security) > Empirically, it appears that hackers are simply people. These groups seem to have maybe just one or a handful of talented individuals at their core, and they all have habits they like to return to. Sure,that's why Indicators of compromise exist to begin with. What I don't get is this notion of a "high quality" indicator. You would normally match on all indicators you have. I mean,why match with a dozen indicators knowing full well the attacker might reuse any one of the hundreds of indicators that exist? All the big name security companies match against all known indicators for a group. What practical benefit is there to limiting yourself to a few indicators,even if they are top notch indicators? Palantir basically does "splunk" except with a UI normal people can use. Honestly, I think ingesting your data into splunk and creating in house splunk apps is a superior solution. What palantir has is "connections" with the intelligence and law enforcement communities. They basically brought "big data" to cops and spooks(and now the military too I guess). They don't do much that isn't done already by other private sector/silicon valley companies Neat,didn't know that. Thanks. Doea anyone know if there have been any attempts to see if this effect can be used to detect anomalous log events that get drowned out by all the noisy logs? Why not have the insecure or interceptable protocols as optional protocol extensions and make everyone happy? Much like with fips and how you can build openssl and other tls libs with fips mode on or off. TLS 1.3 client libraries could then optionally support interceptable key exchange depending on who is using them. An individual can use normal OS and distro that exclude the insecure features while banks and military facilities might turn it on. Alternatively,why the "one size fits all" approach? Why not have a "TLS-commercial". Obviously the "one size fits all" requires a comptomise by all parties resulting in a collective reduction of security. The current global food supply from what I have heard is more than enough to support much more than the current population of the planet. The resistance to labeling gmo foods is essentially using the poor and working class as guinea pigs. GMO will be cheaper,this means they can overprice natural foods. Poor peoplle will consume GMO while the affluent consume natural and organic foods. A similar tend can be observed on how whole foods is mostly found in well-to-do neighborhoods and walmart is found in poor neighborhoods. Natural foods can be grown at a rate that sustains the planets population for a very long time to come. I firmly believe this is about profit margins. At leat let the people that will be affected by it the most have a say. When you fix symptoms you create more sickness. When you fix the disease, only then will you solve the problem. This is why you shouldn't do VPN (or Tor) on end devices. A network device routing your traffic should do that. Interesting but what should be of greater concern is how this collected data can be used and the fact that you can't have them delete it. It frustrates me when even very smart techies get caught up on data collection when we know advances in ML and behavioral psychology have made it so that these companies and governments can do some scary and downright disturbing things. For example: Sure, I don't like it when google plots on a map every place I travel to via location history. But of greater concern would be collection of gyroscope and other sensor data from my phone. Does know how I walk,handle my phone and what other devices are usually near me? Can they use this and other seemingly innocuous data over time to recognize or infer behavioral patterns about me? Is any of the content I consume being filtered or customized based on this collected data? Can FB for example induce depression and cause n% of people to commit suicide? Can this data be used to manipulate employees to staying at or leaving a company,or applying for or declining a position? This is what concens me greatly,not whether or not google has a naked picture of me or if someone at FB has knowledge of my phone or text conversations. Sadly the public is completely clueless as to what is at stake -- it isn't just privacy. Advanced Persistent Threat (APT aka Nation state) actors are tracked using known indicators of compromise. These indicators can include infrastructure identifiers such as domain names and ip addresses that maybe used in a phishing url or post-compromise for command-and-control or to download other malware. Other indicators can include malware sample hashes or actor-specific detection rules (Example: YARA,Snort or Netwitness rules). These indicators are typically not public. Some can be accessed if you pay the right sum of money and undergo vetting,still,some are kept private within the relevat security firms or organizations. As you can imagine,Google has their hands in many pies including security research and threat intelligence collection(Everyone loves their VirusTotal intelligence product). They can scan email metadata for any of these indicators as they see fit. Generally speaking,some indicators are of such high quality, they can be used to detect well crafted spear phishing by a nation state actor. But most are good only to detect untargeted attacks or targeted attacks that include a large number of targets. Hope that answered your question. The indicators I mentioned are associated with a nation state actor because the attacks in which they were identified were attributed to a nation state. In other words,the selective targeting and sophistication match the interests of a nation state. Geo-political intelligence analysts and sometimes field officers (aka spies) also play a role. For example,if a specific journalist was attacked while working on an article critical of a specific country and at least one indicator was traced to an a real human associated with that country's spy agency the a confident attribution can be made. The term "nation state" does sound a bit fancy but it is different from "country" in that many nation states do not act on behalf of their people or to protect the interests of their conuntry. If you use "country" that would include the people of the country while "nation state" simply means the organization running the country. Plus you have situations like taiwan,hong kong and chechnya where those nations are effectively their own nation state but they are under the control of a different country. Here is a good reference attribution of APT3 (Chinese Ministry of State Security (MSS)): https://threatpost.com/apt3-linked-to-chinese-ministry-of-st... In some countries in europe (e.g.: Germany) they are pretty strict against maintaining logs that associate employee web traffic with the employee. Plus,GDPR will introduce some concerns like you mentioned. For that law you referenced,I am not sure it would apply for a network provider as it would for a site-owner (e.g.: VPN or CDN provider vs a website) Was hoping python's inability to guarantee secure erasure of secret data would be addressed in the faq. That's alwayd my number one concern towards a pure python solution. Is this safe against side-channel and secret leak attacks? > To access Deep Web, we need a separate web browser. Normal web browsers like Chrome, Firefox, Safari etc won’t work. > We need to use Tor Browser to access the Deep Web. Ok...seriously?? I don't even know where to start with this post. You can use any browser to access Tor. Deep,Dark and surface web sound cool but they are not official terms any significant groups of people agreed upon. Using "Dark web" to generalize Tor,I2P and freenet does not seem like a very smart thing to do. The way the networks operate and the typical content you find on them are significantly different. I think the old way of saying "clear net" to refer to public web and using the specific anonymous network's name to refer content on there is ideal. You're not the only one. Many other people also vastly underestimate the societal and privacy implications of user targeting and behavioral analytics. My position on this is simple, let it be opt-in. Something as simple as a HTTP request header(DNT for example) should by default tell advertisers they shouldn't perform any sort of user targeting. For individuals such as yourself,you could simply turn off that feature in your browser and start seeing targeted content. Why should the technically illiterate masses be targeted and tracked by default? Why not allow it only for those who accept the privacy and behavioral modification implications? You target the content and location and not the user. That is how advertising had worked throughout history,for example with TV,news papers and magazines. Hope. That is the single most effective solution. Working out,dieting and spending regular scheduled time on yourself helps as well. but in essence depression is one way to say "the mind is starving from lack of hope" Find out the things,people and concerns that matter the most to you and find hope. With or without reason,find hope. No matter what other solution you might use, if your hope problem is not fixed then you're probably only fixing symptoms. Simple solutions are always better. Solutions to individual problems should not significantly increase the overall count or complexity of problems the user is facing. Python would be a better solution than any spreadsheet if one only looks at the specific problem. Of course the learning curve,support cost and pool of workers and colleagues that have mastered python does not make it an attractive solution. Still, writing an app to replace spreadsheets can be profitable depending on the specific problems and needs of each user. If someone sold my body in part or whole then they are selling me. For most people,their intimate private lives and the essence of who they are is just as important as their body. So, if facebook collectes such intimate detail about a person and not only made it known to third parties but used that information to manipulate the person,then I would it is that person who is being traded. Who can I claim to be without my private life,secret thoughts,desires and my identity itself? Even 19th century american slaves had some private life and kept information about themselves secret from the slave masters (of course I am not comparing their hardship,but the small privacy they had) and they were literally sold at markets. The grand trick of the modern economy is that they have consumer behavioral psychology figured out: convince them they made the choice all on their own and take away as much of their intangible freedoms and possesions as you can -- "if you can't touch it, it isn't real" The ad space is worth exactly $0 without targeting. It wouldn't pay for day to day ops let along make a profit. The advertisers are the consumers and the ability to target the consumer is the product. Look at it this way, an actor or a singer sells himself when he works,the entertainment industry sells actors to consumers. In the same way facebook and google sell their users to advertisers. If TLS incorporated a feature by which clients can send the server name after the TLS handshake which would cause renegotiation of encryption keys with the requested server (if available) then wouldn't that solve the problem at hand? That way there would be no nees for an unencrypted SNI. Is there already a TLS extension for this? If not,would have been nice if 1.3 incorporated this. What you have to keep in mind here is the concept of "due process" and "fair punishment". You cannot simultaneously subscribe to the rule of law and autonomously execute punishment measured with your own subjective scale. If you don't care about rule of law and justice then consider this: the wealthiest individuals and largest corporations will afford to "hack back" mercilessly without any due process while the layman will sit in the middle catching stray bullets from either side. All that said I hop at the very least,people who support "hacking back" would also support a very strict and heavy punishment for anyone who hacks back the wrong attacker or causes harm to a system that was only being abused post-compromise (as opposed to attacker-owned infrastructure). The best kinetic warfare comparison would be modern urban warfare. You can't just shoot in the direcrtion of a terrorist who attacked you, if that terrorist is hiding in civilian houses or is holding a hostage. Civilians are not trusted to make that collateral damage risk assesment due to the terrible consequence of getting that wrong This can work for small scale networks but it needs to be a paid service model to scale it(at least for usable performance). A spine/leaf arch would be great for this imo. The leaves can be local cells of wifi networks. The spine can be operated by payment collecting individuals that maintain a high speed(10g+) and low latency uplink to the internet and network gear that can handle the traffic from the leaves. In spine leaf, leaves connect to multiple spine nodes as well (don't have to worry about spine operator reliability too much,could potentially load balance over spine) That being said,I hope any modern wifi network assumes wifi encryption is not reliable and instead implements a layer2 or 3 tunnel (macsec/.11ae and wireguard respectively) Might get downvotes for this but my stance is against publication of a PoC until most users are confirmed to have patched it. Hear me out though, I don't think it should be legally prohibited but I still do consider it unethical to publish a working PoC. Before I present my reason let me give you a real life example I experienced first hand: A certain rce exploit against a webapp was published along with a PoC exploit on github. Within 24 hours there was a large volume of attacks against servers running that software,compromising them and installing cryptominers. Worst part? Turns out the patch wasn't even done right by the vendor. My point is this: yes researchers have every legal right to publish a PoC and I support that. Ethically speaking, there very real consequences to businesses and individuals when these PoC are made public. Sure, even if there was no PoC the attackers can reverse the patch. In my experience, most of the attacks for an exploit with a working PoC use the researcher's PoC script line for line with only the needed modifications. The difference here is the likelihood of an attack and the size of the threat. Without a working PoC, the amount of attackers reverse engineering a patch would be dramatically smaller than with a working PoC. Not only that, the amount of users that should anticipate a high likelihood of an attack leveraging a vulnerability with an unpublished PoC is low. Objectively speaking (at least for a short while after the patch) releasing a PoC reduces security for the users of the software. That being said I understand the educational merit of a PoC and a lot of vendors won't respond without some arm twisting,so there are exceptions. It certainly isn't a black vs white clear cut issue. But yeah,generally speaking I am against publication. This is perfectly normal. As in, every country considers offensive hacking an espionage operation,not different from hiring moles at those companies to collect intel. It isn't one way either,every developed country has multiple apt groups. What China does against american companies,america does against british companies,etc... There is ipv6 so you wouldn't use NAT (with few exceptions). IPV4 is a legacy deprecated protocol people keep on using. More specifically, port addeess translation (what you seem to be talking about when you say 'NAT') would not have have a problem with 16bit port numbers if you can use a large pool of IP addresses for the outside interface(which is almost always the case with natv6). Even with IPv4 it's 65535 sessions per IP, that's a ton of simultaneous sessions. Any router that would do PAT (that I can think) would encounter resource issues at over 20K stateful sessions but if your router can handle it all you have to do is add one more external ip to add capacity for 65535 more sessions. Lastly,you can always do NAT/PAT upstream before it hits the final routers.per access vlan for example or per host if individual hosts need >65535 sessions (adding an ip to the host if that number is greater). Let's say a UDPv2 doubles it to 32bit: for a device pushing 1 million packet/sec (around 1Gbps) that comes out to an added 16Mbps that is pure waste unless someone has a very unique situation where they would push >65535 sessions per IP. There is QUIC for an alternative layer4 as well as a few others. UDP and TCP both do their jobs well,if additional needs arise it would be an entirely new protocol,not an updated version of tcp and udp Eat less. Whatever your diet,eat small portions and not very often. Whatever type of foods you like,learn how they affect your body and balance accordingly (for example I wouldn't eat pizza more than once a year or fast food ever). Don't sit too long,get a standup desk if you must work/code for hours non-stop. Yes,of course you should work out. But what matters the most is doing it persistently as a matter of habit. When I skip a workout I feel as if I skipped showering or brushing my teeth for that day. Make it a daily habit. Why waste money on energy drinks when you can work out? 30 pushups > can of red bull. I just think my body reacts too poorly to cerain foods,pizza being one. For me: tee - for some tasks I want the output saved to disk but I also want to see the output in real time. time - obvious is to kill a process after a period of time. But you can also send other signals to suspend a task or have it behave a certain way (dd for example will output stats with SIGUSER I believe) strace - let's face it,most programs don't communicate unexpected or unusual conditions well. So, when a program hangs,behaves poorly or crashes with a vague error I sometimes use strace to tell what syscalls are being made,what network connections or files are being opened before the trouble creeps. python - wanted to put sed,awk or grep here but I so wish I learned python sooner. These days, I open up a python repl and solve the problem where I would have used awk,sed or grep (for anything that appears a bit complicated to solve). Best part: I find it easy and convenient to integrate whatever I prototypes in repl into a well designed script I can easily include in other scripts. I just find python extremely mallable. Sometimes chef's think too much out of the box. There is a chef in Buenos Aires that serves you the food rght on your palms (no plates), he is very exclusive and hard to book. There sees to be a related lwn entry: https://lwn.net/Articles/753646/ Not a subscriber here (considering becoming one now) but I would be grateful if anyone shared a subscriber link. Than you kind sir. Much grateful Rms was in the clear wrong. This is a professional setting,that joke wasn't professional. If you wouldn't say it at a work meeting then it's probably not a good idea to say the same in a commit or a serious thread of a foss project. Although I don't like the joke,it's not so much the content of the joke but rather where the joke was spoken that seemed inappropriate. I am not offended. much like a coworker coming to work topless in shorts won't offend me;I'd just think that attire is best for outdoors or the beach instead of an office. You have to consider who your coworkers are. It's all about being considerate of the other people that work alongside you. In a small group everyone might know each other well enough to make that sort of a joke. But when your coworkers could be literally anyone, from a guy in his undies coding as a hobby to someone at a fortune 100 working in a cubicle farm sporting a tuxedo. It seems like the goal is to not offend anyone because that exactly is the goal -- anyone can work on it. There is no way to get to know every participant of a large foss project on a personal level so much so that you understand what jokes they find acceptable or not. So, simply don't make comment irrelevant to the work at hand. Some foss groups specifically dedicate mailing lists and chat rooms for the purpose of socializing where similar jokes and possibly offensive content might be tolerated. When it comes to commits,dev lists,posts or threads it isn't professional to insert irrelevant commentary (at least for a public foss project,one can always have their own company culture and rules for intra-company or private projects) I wanted to learn more OCaml but I read it does not handle concurrency well. Is that still the case? That was the main reason I did not pursue it even though it seemed like a pleaseant language (same with Dlang) Thank you,didn't know. But I did post a link to the actual write-up not a news article citing it. > Being PCI-DSS compliant does not in itself mean that your company will be secure and not suffer any breaches, but it does go a long way in ensuring that you have good security and have measures in place to prevent, detect and respond to any breaches that may occur. You should comply but too many orgs just check boxes and leave it at that. Beyond regulations there are a few good guidelines (NIST's special publications for example). Being aware of your data,it's users,their relationship and being able to perform proper risk analysis is the first step. Then you can prioritize using your risk assesment and allocate budget and staff where needed. A good corporate security policy, well crafted security procedures and well reviewed guidelines are a must as well. I equate compliance to learning and doing things to avoid shooting yourself in the foot, as opposed to learning how to protect yourself against attackers who are targeting specific assets and data. Case in point: A windows server has been compromised,it hosts your credential db,what do you do? What is the risk posed by the compromise? What impact will it have on the business? What is your incident response procedure? What guidelines are in place to aid in responding against specific threats? Would you respond the same way if it was an APT as you would if it was an untargeted cryptominer infection? Compliance helps and it should be done but your security shouldn't start there, compliance should be one of your many goals as part of acheiving a healthy security posture. One should not underestimate the importance of agility -- Compliance is coarse and does not easily adopt to changing threats and vulnerabilities. Something basic like how fast patches are applied can pass compliance but leave you with an equifax like breach (they had a months old vulnerability that caused the breach) +1 .io is for a "techie" audience. .com still wins for a generic consumer audience. This helped me out a lot as a base guidline for writing good C code: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Power_of_10:_Rules_for_Dev... I may not be doing software dev for a living but isn't the software development lifecycle always something that would take a long time to come to a completed state? With that assumption, I always thought of hackathons as 'sprints', as in they are great in moderation but you should always run a marathon. If this is common knowledge then I think there is a bit of a misunderstanding by outsiders, where it appears as if the devs start and finish the software or feature at the hackathon. My impression of hackathons is that they highlight the coder culture and improve morale and PR. I don't think any manager would consider hackathons as the primary way of getting things done, am I wrong? Would I get downvoted if I said democracy is a mere target a country can only use as it's goal? What I am saying is, there is no truly democratic country. To my best knowledge, in every supposed democratic country there are groups or individuals that yield far greater power than the average citizen when it comes to influence over the political process. Imperialism has feudals,communism has party members, totalitarianism has oligarchs (and friends of the leadership) where as democracy has the 1% and their cronies. Corruption is not an ideology but a moral and ethical failure. One can maintain an uncorrupt conscious a character of integrity (when it comes to politics at least) regardless of the system of government. Money,power and a sense of security are all deceptively corrupting vices. Corruption is prevalent in any government that tolerates people who have failed to overcome those vices as politicians and public officials. It's not capitalism or lack of it that is corrupting but rather a society that tolerates what it knows to be vile and filth in exchange for a bigger picture or in pessimistic complacency towards the ruling class. Yes,that's what I meant: To think critically and communicate my thoughts well. Although they are different skills they do work in tandem. Without communication skills, critical thinking would not be as useful since my thoughts won't be communicated well. For someone doing technical work, good communication skills are great but not so much without applying critical thinking (imo). Thank you very much. Short and to the point fits my learning style,sounds likea decent book to start with. When you call an organization a cult,you are essentially saying that the members accept leadership and belief without thinking for themselves and applying rationality. Theiel's palantir is a good example. A ton of smart people and good products but as it appears not a single person doubts the organization's mission and the horrific impact it has on society. Why? It's a cult, don't doubt leadership,just be a good hacker and hack as you're told. To each his own. For me, I can't imagine living like that. Even in the military you can doubt and question unlawful commands/orders. I would rather be an outcast and a failure than succeed, be well connected and accepted by the group at the price of abandoning whatever conscious and principles I have. I guess you can say I am not much of a joiner? In a tribe you don't neccesarily have to blindly follow leadership. Cult means you accept their values as-is,no questions allowed. It can be. Some companies (famous example:google) use "culture fit" and "share our values" to discriminate based on political views or other criteria which if they were to be specific about it,then they would break multiple employment laws. But some have that for a good reason. I applied at a tech company recently whose product I am a fan of. Did well on the phone and in person technical interview. But after that, they kept asking how I like to work and how I felt about open office spaces(told them I can deal with it so long as I can put headphones on while doing technical work that needs concentration and that I felt some tasks are best dealt as a team while some should be developed and matured before involving others). Needless to say, I haven't heard back from them. But my point is that even I felt a bit of a cultural incompatibility( I was willing to make it work but they saw it as unworkable I guess). Frankly, I don't see how a 50 year old person (not myself,I'm in my 20s) can be culturally compatible with people young enough to be his/her grand child. Or how a coder from asia can have the same work culture as west cost americans. There is this view that the culture and values made all these tech unicorns what they are. Maybe that's true but I keep wondering whether or not the same group of smart people but culturally diverse could have acheived the same goal so long as they all agree to use rationality,communicate openly(in an inclusive way) and agree on what the goal and their role in the organization is. I like to think silicon valley startups to be more or less as culturally exclusive as 80s era IBM,bell labs or Xerox. Which is why I keep doubting the culture narrative. Smart people make smart companies and smart enough people should be smart enough to make cultural diversity work (my humble opinion). When did I mention dating? I was clearly talking about work culture. 30 years from now you will most likely find that the trendy work culture of the present would be a dated old way of doing things. Change is inevitable. My whole point was to promote cultural diversity, so that if someone shows up in a black suite and ties and prefers a cubicle over an open office space then the people who entered the work force wearing sandals and shorts to work should be accomodating as he should accomodate their views -- so long as none of this gets in the way. Aegism in silicon valley is a chronic problem, are you saying it doesn't exist or are you claiming "culture fit" isn't used to push out older workers at some companies? The idea of multiple races of humans existing is post-darwinian (correct me if I am wrong please). I would imagine most humans that lived in the time of the ancient greeks saw different tribes and ethnicities. Even when they see someone from asia or africa, wouldn't they simply see a strange looking human from a strange land and tribe? The modern view of race that categorizes other ethnicities as almost an entirely different species requires ideological flexibility which to the best of my knowledge isn't compatible with the world view and beliefs of most ancient people. I am no history buff though, I would be interested in hearing a contradictory point of view. Nice work. Your site does not render well on my mobile browser for some reason. I would subscribe to a newsletter or feed of this. Purism and a few other privacy focused laptops are more "chic" if that's the goal. Does chromebook support virtual machines well (never used it)? If it doesn't I would call that a deal breaker for myself at least. Thanks. Fyi,U2F and Webauthn are phish (mitm/compromise) proof without using a side channel. In my experience, few good employees quit because they are unhappy. People are good at enduring unhappiness for money,opportunities or acheiving a goal. From what I have seen, it is usually some political or administrative mistreatment that ends up being "the straw that broke the camel's back". I will accept low pay, a bad manager ,cruel colleagues and a ridiculous work environment so long as I get to do the technical work I have passion for, I don't get treated unequally (except where objective meritocracy applies) and I don't get lied to by my manager. Of course, it should go without saying -- if the competition scouts me and offers better conditions I wouldn't reject that offer. Corporate america plays too many "games" against rank and file workers. It makes me a bit envious of all the Enterpreneurs and employees of new startups. The Business hasn't gotten old enough to think up all these devious schemes to save a buck by mistreating workers. I wonder,Is it like getting into a brand new marriage? Sorry for my pessimistic post, can only speak from my own personal experience. I get attached to coworkers easily and had to quit a few jobs because of b.s. A lot of employees are unhappy. But not all of them quit. My point was that unhappiness can be endured but there is usually something specific that causes the employee to give up on the company. For me and a few others I know who left for a better opportunity,we were already unhappy but we wanted to stay,endure and make it work.but we all had specific moments where we decided the employee-employer relationship is unacceptable. We didn't merely drift out of our jobs out of unhappiness that built up over time. The only exception I know is people who get burned out. Like any commodity,it's worth what people are willing to pay for it. If your plan is to start a restaurant chain and get rich then a degree would not be profitable. But if your plan is to make a mediocre salary as an office worker then you need a college degree to make any kind of long term profit. Not everyone should get a degree just like not everyone should buy a house,get married and have kids. It depends on who you are,your enviornment and priorities. A few concerns I have... 1) The logs are not sent encrypted, this exposes them for every smtp server and mitm party between unencrypted hops 2) you have to save a plain text version of your log mailer's smtp password to disk 3) Monitoring by email sucks and future compromise of any recipients' inbox exposes all historical logs I have written something similar in the past as well and seen email monitoring in real world scenarios. You're not doing it "wrong" per se ,but I think modern protocols allow better solutions. For instance,you can POST the logs to a server(ec2 instance or DO droplet) over TLS, have it generate a link and email that link. You can then control link expiry and encrypt the logs so that they are decrypted in-browser via Webcrypto. You can also do some sort of push monitoring(in addition to sending the link via email) by the server which lets you avoid the whole "email messages can be stuck on an smtp hop for 24-48 hours" and having to monitor for NDR's before resending the logs. Google's Virustotal is different only because it shares the results with AV vendors right? Am I correct in my understanding that a mitm attack that starts with the initial messages could work and the only way to prevent this is to verify the safety number out of band? That was a refreshing read. She concluded by pointing the reader to statistics (or lack thereof) instead of appealing to emotions or socio-political views. I don't know how things are for women or any group of people at amazon but I am glad to hear women that worked there didn't have too much trouble finding a job elsewhere. Being stuck at a company that rejects you is worse than merely running into one. I like to think that to some degree competition can mitigate bad companies.The best and worst companies I worked at have both been fortune100's with the best one gaining a competitive advantage if they kept a good employee retention rate. Amazon lacks a healthy dose of business competition, the only area where it faces sound competition is cloud services (and people I knew that work on that side of the business seem to like it) Dude.yes. They just this year stopped scanning keywords in your email body for advertising purposes. I won't say don't use gmail,maybe the risk is acceptable to you. But I highly recommend paying for protonmail. > When you compose an email to a valid gmail account, it will provide you with additional details of the account, if the user provides it, even if you have never corresponded previously via email. This works for emails with @gmail and also @somebusiness This isn't surprising,google probably thinks the usefulness of such a feature is more important than privacy of the recipient. This is their M.O., what little pseudo-privacy you get with a google product is via opt-out. My mini-rant aside,as a business owner, I suppose google auto filling your contact metadata in that scenario would not be a bad thing(but then again, just about every controversial feature of a google product benefits business owners seeking to advertise on their platform) It takes an insane amount of time to compile ghc. I can't stand apps that use it because of that. Could take hours on some machines, would have considered riding on that bandwagon if it wasn't for that limitation. I actually use firefox or chrome so that's a non-issue. Ghc is a dependency not the main app,therein lies my complaint. Depending on the use case I might complile some applications and by no means was I implying others should build from source as well. It's just that I have run into situations where a Haskell app pulls ghc and that needs a source build. If I ever build something in Haskell then there is a chance others might go through that as well. I never had that problem with any other language (even a heavy weight lan like java). > “Google has decided to follow suit later this year in our free consumer Gmail service. Consumer Gmail content will not be used or scanned for any ads "personalisation after this change.” That's from the google blog post announcing the change. They scanned emails and supposedly now they've stopped On some platforms that build from source haskell apps pull ghc as a dependency and build it from source as well. I try to avoid those apps but it is getting harder. Always wondered why tab vs. Space was a thing. I mean,whether you use tabs or spaces,a text editor aware of the source code file format should render it according to your preference. I don't know if it's an epidemic but I don't need an article to tell me the obvious -- that there are a lot of lonely people and loneliness causes problems of the mind which at times translates to problems of the body. I wonder how many more people would hit the gym or outdoors if they had a companion? you don't need AI for that and,and it's pretty much already dead. Have you looked intk xkeyscore and the prism program? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PRISM_(surveillance_program) > Documents indicate that PRISM is "the number one source of raw intelligence used for NSA analytic reports", and it accounts for 91% of the NSA's internet traffic acquired That coupled with malicious Tor relays( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/oct/04/nsa-gchq-attac... ) makes practical low latency anonymity extremely difficult to achieve. You can have some confidentiality though. Maybe you should/could ask if ML would enable "good enough" anonymity through intelligent route selection and avoidance and traffic fingerprint normalization. ML is a double edged sword. Does it not depend on your objective? Would an embedded controller programmer have the same perspective as a desktop application programmer? Like the author mentions,some even think assembly is too high level ( http://xlogicx.net/?p=626 ) As a general purpose language,C is too low level today (thanks to modern languages alleviating the need to painstakingly manage memory and pointers ). Even for a desktop app,C would not have been too low level 10+ years ago in my opinion. They track your every move with a gps and you never have time to take it easy between runs. Traveling,the one upside to the job aside from money is ruined by their control-freak managent. You want people to be truck drivers? Get the trucks good internet access,provide laptops and tablets where possible and give the drivers time to take it easy between and during runs. Internet access wherever you are means you can maintain some social life and video call with the family. On the flip side,trucking isn't just a job,it's a lifestyle. You never leave work since your truck with the hidden Mics and location tracking is also your home. The compensation just isn't worth the job for most people. Better pay helps but so does hiring convicts and relaxing the driving history restrictions (like running a stop sign 4 years ago shouldn't make you unhirable) This isn't about cryptography. You should consider that only a very small amount of phishing domains and URLs ever make it to phishtank,openphish and similar services. I welcome what the author is doing but you need to do a bit more for phishing protection, like blocking newly registered and/or uncategorized domains. I wonder if there are browser extensions for this sort of stuff? The ruling class of any country always abuses the most popular belief system for their profit. You know,the scary thing about the US intelligence community isn't that they all are "after out liberties" or "againsy our privacy". My experience and encounters related to the IC scare me because they genuinely believe they're the good guys who're on the right side of justice. The real scary part is that they are scared of what will happen if they don't do something (where something entails disregarding laws and the will of the people). I would rather they be "after me" than scared of me. I hope academics consider this before getting into bed with them. They don't just have a subersive mission,they're making decisions out of fear. They would be using opposing themes today. Those posters were made for their time. Surely you don't think the NSA was led by religious people no more than the Donald Trump administration is led by Christians. They'd be screaming islamic chants in arabic if it helped their political goals. This really sucks. This is supporting a cipher with questionable design decisions and the authors have been combative when confronted with technical questions. I don't know if it's backdoored but I certainly don't want it supported by the mainline kernel as it would aid acceptance even though the ISO rejectes it. Are you sure you know what a Security Analyst does? Few things in IT are as different as those two roles. For one you need minimal communication and interpersonal skills as a ker el dev,it's the opposite as a Security Analyst. Security Analysts do different things based on the company. This can include SOC work,vulnerability management,incident response and threat hunting. It all depends on the size and scope of the security departments. Let me give you two analysts at different companies for an example: Bob spends 40% of his time responding to SIEM events which include IDS alerts,firewall alerts,AV and endpoint ATP solution detections as well as suspect windows or linux system events. He knows some malware and network traffic analysis to do his job but most importantly he understands the various paid and free tools needed to do his event analysis work. 30% of his time is spent on reviewing suspect phishing emails and reported security issues. The rest of his time is down time or he processes and documents indicators of compromise for known current threats. He does little to no coding. The security department is well resourced and matured so he does not need to manage vulns, do incident response or other pesky tasks. Enter Analyst 2,Alice. Alice also handles some SIEM events but maybe 20% of her time. The company is either too small or has too much of an immature security department to have 24/7 monitoring,they either outsource SIEM monitoring to a MSP and only look at confirmed true positives or they just don't see enough SIEM events to care for 24/7 human eyes. Alice attends a lot of meetings with security vendors and internal teams. She works on various projects but also handles threat intelligence,vulnerability scans and incident response which all takes up 70% of her time. Phishing emails,threat intel and hunting are all done on left over time. Alice might do coding but only as a last resort. These are just very vague examples but even if you work for a security vendor,the work in some shape or form involves these types of tasks. Now, A dedicated malware analyst for a security company can reverse engineer malware all he wants and do write ups. A security engineer might do sysadmin-ish work and integration coding. A pentester or red teamer might do presentations and occasionally pentest but these are not typically described as a "Security Analyst" roles,they are more or less infosec roles one gets after getting their feet wet elsewhere in infosec(Like with alice and bob). To answer your question: there are generally two paths you can take. The traditional path, where your passion for infosec and a well rounded IT experience is valued above all else or the latest trend which is to recruit people with a formal infosec degree. Either way works at least for now. If you have any kind of a technology degree you're fine,else one never hurts. A few years of working in IT ops is generally recommended before an infosec role.This isn't because you can't learn stuff in a lab but having context around events and knowing how IT is operated is very important for analyzing a security event or when responding to an incident. I went on longer than I should have but I figured someone else might read this and find it helpful. Helpful links: Att&Ck framework: https://attack.mitre.org/wiki/Main_Page NIST pubs (there are a few more out there if you care to duckduckgo): https://www.nist.gov/publications/computer-security-incident... https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/detail/sp/800-40/version-... Traffic analysis excercises: http://malware-traffic-analysis.net/training-exercises.html A good awesome list that does a good job of what I'd say a security anaylst needs to know; https://github.com/0x4D31/awesome-threat-detection/blob/mast... Others here can probably answer the kernel dev part better than myself. Although,the Linux kernel newbies(janitors) site and mailing list might be a good place to start asking. I liked the linux device drivers book as well( http://www.makelinux.net/ldd3/ ) Last word - evaluate your life goals carefully and rationally. Happiness isn't everything. It's nice to pursue what makes you happy and passionate now but finances,responsibilities and other life factors should be considered. I am not saying this as a discouragement but as a practical advice. The person who loves tearing apart malware or writing a kernel patch on his free time might some day start thinking family time and time spent taking care of one's self is more desirable and this might conflict with career goals and make hiring managers think "Oh,he doesn't have a malware analysis lab at home and I don't see him posting malware write-ups done on free time. He/She doesn't have passion for the work." -- tangentially, maybe this is why you don't see as many women in infosec as other IT sectors? Might get me downvotes but like it or not, women who choose to have a family have a harder time "Breathing,eating and drinking security" (or as I say, maintain an unhealthy work-life balance that benefits employers) Hope I helped. Neat. Reminds me of diewithme: https://techcrunch.com/2018/02/02/die-with-me-is-a-chat-app-... Is your chat app asynchronous? As in sending a public message for an offline user? The five eyes IC apparatus has invested in Tor relays and mitm attacks of Tor exit traffic so much so that I personally think using Tor endangers you [1]. They were doing this ~10 years ago (public info - [2]). As for the surveillance state,I keep pondering other aspects of society. Like how public restrooms are intentionally designed to lack privacy,how in the military and prison you're expected to be comfortable with being completely naked around others and how it is completely acceptable for an arrested citizen to be forced to undress in front of other prisoners and possibly undergo a full on body cavity search all without the chance to defend his accusation in court. I could go on,but you get the point. I am not so sure the people want privacy. Or maybe they think so lowly of their freedoms,short term safety is always more preferable. From the intelligence community's perspective, it's all about information control. They do this in other countries. They topple regimes and adjust public opinion in the inteterests of western security and economical goals. If I was in their shoes, I can see myself using fear of other countries doing the same thing against us and use that as an excuse to "beat them to the punch" and take control of information flow in the west. They simply don't have the clear consent of the people to use the means they use by which they justify the end goal: national security. Regardless of how oblivious and clueless the people may be, the very foundation of a democratic republic is consent. An agent or officer of any democratic republic who persistently acts in subversion of the people's consent is a traitor even if no particular law is broken. [1] https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2013/10/how_the_nsa_a... [2] https://resources.infosecinstitute.com/german-intelligence-f... Is the job a trade or a profession? People who see the job as a trade don't care about formal training. I must agree. They don't make it clear that it shouldn't be used for secure computing(cryptography) purposes. They compare chacha20 and mersene twister in the same table,isn't it obvious that chacha20 isn't ideal for non-crypto use? I have tried hard to use systemd. It is just a bad piece of software. Simple tasks are over engineered and complex tasks are not modularized. I think systemd has a philosophical appeal to some but I just want an OS that works without making my life harder. This isn't a comparison against othet init's, I am saying, I have to fight tooth and nail against systemd to a point where I seriously consider Windows server 2012 as a possible better alternative. > Passwords can be sent to the Blur service from any application or system to be secured before being further processed and stored. So, Blur will review plain text passwords for multiple applications across the organization,possibly logging it? 1) Why shouldn't I spend money on securing the apps with good password requirements and 2fa,instead of on Blur? It seems,integration work is needed with the app anyways. 2) This might secure the passwords but it also increases my risk. The Blur infrastructure will constitute the most vulnerable segment of my organization. How can I justify such a reduction of security? Is it not better to accept the risk of weak password usage? This feels much like getting a bullet proof vest weighing 200lbs,where it might protect me from bullets but then it also means I can't move,my protection suddenly made me a sitting duck. 3) Let's say my previous questions are without merit. Why shouldn't this be an internal self hosted app? Why an external service? Surely you can charge customers for support and license. 4) This solution becomes less relevant as apps move to SSO or secure their login. I would be concerned about developers and application stakeholders becoming complacent or resistant towards suggestions of improving app login security or they might neglect login security because Blur can fill in that gap. Overall,my impression is that Blur remediates a specific security issue without considering the impact it will have on the organization's security posture as a whole. Sorry for being negative,I hope OP can address these concerns as I am sure I won't be the only one to have them. I will take this optimism with a grain of salt. There are physhiological and social hard limits to acheiving a lot of goals. A man couldn't be an MMA fighter at 50 if he never worked out his whole life. A woman can't have her own baby past menopause. Even experiencing the similar events is different at 20 compared to 30 or 40. Even when you can acheive the goal,the journey is different if you start too late. I could probably climb everest 10 years from now but will I give up midway then where I would have the stamina to finish it now? Never the less,it's never too late to start doing what is right. > When you first join a chat room, a personal keypair will be generated and stored in browser storage. If you are the creator of this room, the client will also generate a keypair for the room I'm trying to wrap my head around the security model here. What bothers me is the key distribution problem and the fact that a server still has to handle key distribution messages. With PGP, a "web of trust" is assumed where people have static long-lived public keys you can verify using existing trust relationships. The key pair in this app is being generated as you join or participate which makes "web of trust" impossible to use. So,I am assuming the security model is similar to end to end chat apps like signal? Those protocols assume the initial key exchange was authenticated by the users out of band and allow users to verify the "safety number". They assume the users already know each other and can succesfully perform out of band authentication for at least the first key exchange. My question is, is there a "safety number" for mentant? Is it straight forward and obvious when navigating the UI? (Signal's isn't) and will the compromise of an old key pair (personal or room forward secrecy) result in compromise of future messages? If you security is done right I love the idea,especially if you can integrate existing user directories (AD/ldap for example) where user keys for the chat can be verified in the directory db. Ends don't justify means. Period. This isn't right. That alone is enough of a reason to be against it. Ethics is never a question of goals,if that was the case anything can be justified with an end goal which appears worthy enough. There is this subversive ideology about acheiving equality. People are created equal regardless of the "race" social construct. If you have to make someone equal then they were not born equal. If someone can't get into harvard due to historical disparities against their group then what needs correction is not harvard but instead their current sociological conditions. How can a person not feel completely insulted when they get accepted into a school or a job solely for the sake of their skin color? I would feel humiliated. This society needs to get back to the basics. If you accept something as wrong then also accept it as wrong for everyone, else scratch out any reference of equality under the law. Suicide and depression are different but related issues. People who are not suffering from clinical depression will also commit suicide when faced with a difficult moment of desperation. People commit suicide because they've run out of options and they feel like it's the only way out. What is needed is more open places and people to turn to when one is desperate. A friend you can talk to or groups of people you can be yourself with goes a long way. Of course, if you have clinical depression or some other psychiatric disorder none of that helps. Mental sickness is horrible. I wonder if in the future people could pay with crypto-currency and get anonymous (legal/vetted) help. I can see that making a difference but I am very skeptical against gimmicks and "one size fits all" solutions. But hey,at least society accepts this as a problem,this can be a serious taboo in some cultures. I actually meant what I said,maybe I was speaking my belief as opposed to the popular view I disagree with? For example, we can debate the ethics surrounding killing a person. Can I kill a useless member of society? How about a dangerous criminal? Someone trying to kill me? I can accept all of that as a question of ethics. What I cannot accept is framing ethics with an end goal in mind such as "killing people will reduce the population" vs "killing is not the best way to reduce the population","Killing dangerous criminals will prevent future violent crimes" or "you shouldn't kill useless members of society because that won't guarantee a productice society". These questions are framed with the end goal beinf the reason the act is considered ethical or not. My belief is that asking if an act is ethical relative to a desired end goal is in itself unethical. If the end goal is the deciding factor then we're discussing strategy not ethics. Nice work. I personally have great appreciation for tools that do one task and integrate well. This is the kind of a tool you don't know you need until you're querying vague search terms on your search engine of choice. Thanks for taking the time to respond,I will look at the issue. I like IRC but it's 2018 and even the latest drafts of ircv3 lack built in e2e encryption for private and group messages. Using IRC is like using ftp or email. We've been there and tried that,slapping on a solution to secure it just won't work well. They've been trying to fix email for decades now and the best solutions we have(gpg and s/mime) still don't provide metadata security (I don't think their encryption can be callend end to end either) In my opinion, a new end to end encrypted protocol that preserves the properties of IRC people like would be ideal. Isn't london trust media the owner of freenode and privateinternetaccess? If you break backwards compatibility? Maybe to an extent. How do you handle clients that don't support it? How do you secure channels and allow some of the current server op/admin (what freenoders call staffer) functionality? By the time you consider that and more you might as well make a new protocol. Let's say someone with an older irc client or who doesn't want e2e messages you,what then? Now your irc conversations become opportunistically secure. That means only arbitrary conversations are secure. Email does this and it sucks. Another problem,clients that don't have e2e almost always also store logs in plain text. Yet another problem - no protocol level e2e plans as of yet. So why try to fix it? This approach does not work. The least we can do is learn from history. Unlike email or ftp, there aren't a whole lot of people that depend on irc being the current irc protocol. What people want is a distributed server architecture with a user interface that is similar to the current irc. What protocol engineers seem to get wrong is that they use the opportunity to also add other fancy features which simply ends up working against adoption. Plenty of people use gpg and s/mime too. It only works partially. Partial security is worse than insecurity. Information leaks between your otr conversations and non-otr conversations.(other issues too,but I don't want to rehash my other comment here) Most of my comment was assuming it was implemented with or without backwards compatibility. You are assuming people will slowly move to the e2e version. People are still writing clients without tls support. Why would you think e2e support will have better adaptability? People will move away from it when they get enough number of messages that require turning it off because the other party does not support it. Nobody wants to join your channel because you need them to have one of a few clients in a very short list in order to join. We already have OTR (for quite some time now) and matrix has libolm - things aren't and won't change because the best you can practically implement it is using opportunistic negotiation and that is bad security. Best case scenario(imo),20 years from now 95%+ of irc users will use e2e. That is unacceptable when we already have fully e2e chat today. Let's break compatibility and have a separate network for the new secure protocol. At least that way people that move over don't have to look back. When foss projects move to the new network everything else (again,pure opinion) will follow. I think I'm a simpleton because I could never imagine time being it's own thing. I see time as simply the amount of change in reality we can perceptually sample. Much like how an object in motion will continue in it's motion until it meets resistance,reality in my opinion is in continuous motion that has yet to meet resistance. Time (imo)is our measure of this change divided by our ability to sample it(where this ability could be second,minute,etc...) Again,that's my opinion as a layman. I've always wondered why time was the focus, when I at least have been more curious about universal change. Why is everything in motion? and how is everything universally connected to where it changes at the same rate? Maybe there's already plenty of work on this and I'm being ignorant(apologies if so). It's like being sick and someone comes to your sick bed and says "you're so sick,did you know that? Here's my opinion on it..." Why do people keep writing about the fall of america without addressing what can practically be done about it? Are they telling us to panick as if that'll help? This seems like a controversial thing,hope I didn't offend anyone(let me know if I did so I can refrain in the future) Change is modification of a physhical attribute for an object. Without someone to perceive there would be change but no time. Yes but they are investigating our relative perception of the change. It's like studying astronomy without considering the fact that the stars we perceive in the sky is just our perception of how they looked like in the past. We distinguish how things are now from what we can perceive by measuring light and EMR. Why can't we at least consider the possibility that our perception of change might be different from the actual nature and attributes of this change? An object's property had a specific value. That value became different. Can we agree on that definition? I am not informed well enough to answer you but can you point me in the right direction on anything that associates time being a physhical matter? How would relativity change if one looks at time as "perceived universal change'? I was defining time as the measurement of change. Change does not depend on measurement therefore there is no circular definition. For example, a star is different from star light. When I look at the sky through a telescope I don't see a star,I see star light. Same can be said for any object as well,we see light emanating from an object therefore vision is perception of an object as measured by our optics. Time is how me perceptually measure change. This distinguishment can potentially prove valuable much like how distinguishing perception of star light and the star itself is important(not so important for close objects but important at a grand scale.) Modification,change and other words used to describe when something becomes different do not imply human measurement. We can for example talk about a tree that fell in a forest with no human to measure that change. Did it happen? Yes. We can only say it didn't happen if we exclude all events beyond our perceptive ability from reality. In the same way,change does not depend on time but time is a measuremet of change. Reasonably? Yes. Favorably? I sure won't. Why is sentiment irrational? I want to eat genetically unmodified pig/plants like my ancestors did. And you know what? If I had enough money I can do that. So the poor and those oblivious to the risks of consuming food modified by humans as an experiment at the genetic level become live experiments. Might be centuries before we know of any unintended consequences? Why am I irrational to observe living things have an order to how they reproduce and mutate? When change to the order is made not at a macro level but directly at the very foundation of the living thing then isn't it wise to wait a very long time and observe the consequence? Why the rush? The world already throws away more than enough food to feed the hungry,it's not a supply issue. If beef and grazing animal consumption is eliminated things become much more pleasant. Why is this debate always seen through a lense of science vs ignorant pseudoscience point? I assume you know some programming since you're on this site. Have you never 'deleted' a line of code someone elss wrote to fix a bug except something else depended on that line so now you have an even larger bug? Either one is possible. When the risk is cancer and other serious illness would you not think a multi-decade experiment is needee before feeding it to humans? Much like a regression and user acceptance test would be at a grand scale if the risk is extended app outage or significant revenue loss. I am worried about how people will be affected by what we their ancestors ate and ourselves as well. By your argument polluting the enviornment is also ok since catastrophic events won't happen in my life time. I think it's the crappy jvm's that keep giving java a bad name. If only you could compile native executables independent of a runtime/jit/bytecode. On the contrary java has been around since 1994. Who knows how mature golang and python will get after aging and maturing like java. > Twitter flagging and spamming systems continuously kept thinking that because I was tweeting so frequently I must have been a spammy bot. Which is really shitty developer experience! Twitter should enable a dev container mode for utilising its API Heh,I had a terrible experience with the twitter api too but that's why you develop on one account and deploy with a different account. If the api limit is 100 requeste per hour make sure to limit to a paranoid limit like 40-60. Use multiple accounts if you can and need to. Twitter uses automated spam bot detection and you'll never talk to a human for an unban. This is one of those things where you walk around the mountain instead of climb over it. Their api isn't fun but you can do useful stuff with it if you accept the limits. Hope the author tries again :) Nice work. I can use this. This maybe obvious to security minded folks but there are layer2 and layer 3 features you can use to eliminate entire classes of layer 2 attacks. For layer2,macsec (now with iproute2 support) can be used to encrypt layer2 traffic which means arp poisoning and other mitm won't work without knowing the key. Also,you can just turn off arp if that is practical in your network (or segregate using an arpless vlan) Layer3 - use a vpn tunnel and on the end host allow traffic only to the vpn gateway(which can be your local router). That said,it isn't practical to implement any of that if you have byod,smart phones and iot in the network. I want to encourage the author to port it to android and other platforms that make it difficult to implement vpns and macsec. Edit: also, hate to be that guy but I wish it wasn't in C. Hate to say it but if you suddenly open borders you will have a huge immigration crisis. Half the planet would literally move to western europe and north america. Maybe open border can work for trade and business related immigration with sponsors on either side. I wouldn't have said anything if it wasn't a security tool. The tool keeping you safe shouldn't add risk (all the bug classes commonly found in C programs) to your security posture. You can write reliable programs in golang and rust. I only mentioned other ways of avoiding mitm to inform readers. Your program fills a lot of gaps. One last tip - have you thought of supporting IPv6 ND and RA messages too? Those technically deprecate arp :( You've given me a lot to ponder with your insightful comment,thank you. I wanted to separate our perception of time from time itelf (which I called change). Isn't time something perceived? There is no food supply issue,gmo does not avert any starvation crisis. Breeding is as much of a genetic modification as reproduction is. The genes are modified through indirect natural means. That isn't the same as directly selecting and modifying specific genes. All food before the past 60 years was not genetically modified,that is to say humans did not modify specific genes. Organisms were interbred and the new genes although different,we did not edit them directly. Back to the programming analogy - editing settings in an application (natural means) and modifying it or even editing the source code isn't the same as editing the machine code after reverse engineering it without even fully understanding what instructions are supported by the architecture. If someone edits machine code to fix a bug for an arch nobody fully understands then you should run a full regression test and UAT before deploying. > - Make it illegal to bribe politicians. It already is. If you want to bring about change you should be more exact with your complaint, otherwise people won't take you seriously. Lobbying should be banned,fair campaign laws should be reinstated. But overall I fell like we're not even talking about the root cause. We need to ask hard questions,like if the US should remain in it's current form. Fake unity is killing the country,if divisions can't be resolved politically then you'll have violent conflicts ,only way to avoid it is to cement these divisions and peacefully split up. All the big problems need national unity to resolve :( Not updating software is not the most common cause of a hack. Phishing is and it should be #1. None of the listed solutions are useful if you open a malicious document and it installs a RAT or banking trojan,even password managers and 2fa are useless if the attacker controls the browsers javascript via dll injection. Email,social media and drive-by phishing are the most realistic threats for average users. Updates should be automatic and 2fa mandatory,this is because practicing good security hygeine requires one to understand how specific threats might otherwise affect them(which is difficult to communicate to a non-technical audience),without knowing that,it all gets too old/inconvenient fast. That being said,kudos on educating users :) Convince everyone to try and truly understand their enemies (or people that hate them,or people that they hate). Whether you want to resolve your differences or destroy each other,don't do it without understanding your opponents and their motives. It's too easy and tragic to wrongly presume a person's motives and beliefs. This is the smallest change I can think of,every thing else looks like a much bigger problem. The higher up you go the more you need connectiond and informal relationships to progress.what I have seen so far in corporate america tells me a lot of people(especially older ones) still make friends based on ethnicity and gender. Of course I am only stating my subjective perception. They should audit application of meritocracy and use apparent lack of diversity only as a potential symptom not as the illness that needs curing (unless promotions shouldn't happen based on merit?). Like, "who applied for this internal position and who had the best objective merit?" Thank you for mentioning that. I have found things like displaying humility for example can be mistaken as "lack of confidence" in western culture. It's a difficult generalization. Showing confidence might equate to arrogance in some cultures where confidence is acceptable only after showing results. There are a few bugs in it. It returns something on the local functions stack (r) which gets torn down after return. It uses the insecure strcpy allowing the caller to stack overflow the destination. It increments t in the loop after dereferencing it which only changes the value pointed to by t. x and y are improperly initialized, it null terminates r without checking for x's value(again a buffer overflow) and there is no upper bound limit checking in the for loop(second for() parameter). I'm sure there are other bugs too but I haven't looked at it too closely. But,yeah... It's a massacare. Not everyone is like that. Shared beliefs and common goals are a lot of times more important but people still see each other as different even though they were born in the same hospitals and went to the same schools and sports events all their lives due to appearances. People distrust different especially when the stakes are high. I said that because I forgot the strlen was there. I was wrong. Are you sure? I'll need to test this. Always thought postfix increment and decrement applied after everything else was evaluated,and that's why prefix versions exist. Thank you! I learned something new. Let me just say this - both mastodon and activitypub are terrible names. I say that as a consumer not as an expert on anything. It's not a dealbreaker for me but platform popularity by the masses depends on color schemes and catchy names. I feel the same way about duckduckgo. Great products though. They didn't have competition when they gained mass adoption. There was gopher for http but it but http but that was before consumers were sold either item. Needless to say those are systems and protocols not products. No,a PM/channel troll&spammer. but his persistence and discipline really merits the title of an artist. 5 centimeters per second: https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0983213/ Visually stunning,leaves me with profound thoughts of fate,missed opportunities and connections between humans. Your name is similar as well: https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5311514/?ref_=tt_rec_tt Even when coding,splitting the IDE screen helps read the same code file better (each split screen showing a segment of the code). People split terminal screens using tmux and the like as well. I think there is a solid argument for not consuming the entire column count of a screen,not sure if that's 80 though. In any given country,labor laws and human rights are addressed by that country's people and government. This is a local issue. The article makes it clear that multinationals are not directly part of the problem but their supply chain vendors are. What is the expectation here? Should a company headquartered in a different country enforce it's views on labor,hiring practices and human rights on local vendors? With what rights? That is an absurdly arrogant way of viewing the problem. If the local govermnet cares more about economic prosperity than decent treatment of humans then they have every right to do so,it's their country and their people. I don't like it but I have no right to tell someone else how to run their country. It would have been the same way if the tables were turned. Western standards can't be enforced without western prosperity. I think,just maybe,western individuals don't apperciate enough just how much western rights and liberties depend on a stable prosperous economy. In my opinion,the best way to solve this is by aiding the local economy,by giving more work and business to the local vendors/supply chain. The more they prosper,the easier it is for the local working class to demand and get better treatment. There is change and there is sustainable change. Isn't China a good example of how working conditiond have somewhat improved over the past 10years or so? Not to mention the infamous Google DC revolving door. [flagged] I wonder if toll payment based on amount of time spent in a lane would improve things? Right/exit lane would be free and incrementally increase up to the high cost left lane. The lane stripes would have connected rfid sensors to measure amount of timr spent in each lane. Might work because less lane switching means less slow downs to adjust to new cars entering a lane. And people who don't absolutely need to will remain on right lanes while leaving the left lane for those committed to the lane or for those using it momentarily to pass other cars. Heck,you can even change lane pricing dynamically based on traffic and time of day. Are there any generic incident response plans or playbooks for foss projects? Is gentoo's documented anywhere? Gotta say,a bit impressed by the response. I focus on what I can control. It's not a good feeling to have your off work and personal activity monitored (by superiors not colleagues). Anyway,thanks for replying , I will take your advice seriously. I disagree with that philosophy. I say "Always remember that assumed intentions are just that -- assumptions." If you can't adequately explain intentions with available facts then you should say "I don't know" and leave the case open. We can speculate on why it was leaked but we really don't have enough case-specific facts that can shade light on the events that lead to this "leak". I am not skilled enough to make a recommendation but I wanted to say it all depends on your end goal and background. Rust like C and C++ is a general purposr language. I can imagine someone writing not just system apps but webapps and webasm in it(probably done already) A quote I read a while ago: "Good UI is like a joke,if you have to explain it then it's bad" I've always felt browser security and privacy UI should be more obvios and verbose with the ability to view increased verbosity as needed. Ideally an average user should be able to view messages pertaining to privacy and security relates events on the page in plain english with increasing verbosity and this format would be a cross-browser standard. If you must assume sure. My point was to not assume. If you need to know the intentions of the actor to make a decision,keep in mind assuming and knowing are very different. Especially in cases like this where we know so little about the individuals involved,I believe it's better to just say "Scenario X is statistically likely but we should probe for more facts". Of course this specific case is not important to most people,but my point was regarding the accuracy of probability as more unsolved variables as well as yet unknown variables increase. If we knew specific individuals or had some track record behind the specific organization, I say logic like "Hanlon's razor" can be evaluated usefully. If this was a more controversial case (think rodney king murder trial),it would have been more interesting. Since after all, an action is not a crime without criminal intent. Whether malice,negligence or incompetence assumptions can have an adverse impact on all involved parties. Please don't downvote me but I liked Jar Jar. Not because the character was great but because I felt like the annoyance was there to add a "light hearted" and slightly annoying touch to the plot. It felt like eating spicy food with a bit too much of one particular spice. Has no one ever met a person that annoys like Jar Jar? This feels similar to how people get annoyed when they hate the ending. The writer is trying to tell a story,are all stories without an annoying character or do they end in a satisfactory manner? But then again people who watch a blockbuster movies don't care about an interesting or thought provoking story. They just want to watch something that makes them feel good,and this is why hollywood keeps making remakes and comic book stories. That is what audiences who pay for movie tickets want,they don't care if fast and furious 10 has the same generic plot as every other movie in the series because it still makes them feel good. (I think I put too much thought into this comment,please take it as my humble opinion as opposed to a rant) That's why I suggested dynamic pricing and charging based on time spent. The right most lanes would congest but they would also have exiting cars. Second from right could cost a bit more than free (1cent per mile for example). It would be an incentive to use it for passing but also to avoid right lane congestion for a negligible fee. Third and fourth from right can cost $0.20 and $0.40 per mile which discourages long term use but also allows those in a hurry who can afford the fees to leave the highway faster and allow for cars in right lanes to use less congested left most lanes to pass slow drivers and lane exit/entrance in their lanes. Think of it from a network traffic CoS and QoS point of view (also,sorry for the late response,hope you see this) Not just using yara rules but any file in VT you can find by hash,name,etc... And you get extra metadata like where it was uploaded from. Don't auto-update production like that? If a change will affect all users,manually review it and as another commenter said,gpg signatures. Have every prod commiter use mfa too. “The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.” – Chinese Proverb Overall,there would be less lane changing and cars would leave the freeway faster. The pricing can be adjustes or subsidized for low income drivers. If you pay a toll anyways,this is an opportunity to save money and use the tollway,where as you would normally take the slow and long unpaid route. This would actually make toll roads accessible to the poor. No matter how I look at it,if you add lanes,they should be paid for so that it would be more affordable abd practical and actually incentivize drivers to cause less jams. Also,traffic jams are not exclusive to the USA. Maybe it should be modeled in a more politically convenient way? How about fuel tax deductions? You get n deductions where you lose more deduction points by using left lanes? That way there is no added cost to the driver,the tax payers as a whole pay for it. They produce content,they have an anti-competitive bias. That and I simply don't want to support production of arbitrary movies. I might avoid a particular studio or director so as to "vote with my dollar", but it is all too pointless with netflix since they also are the producer. To me,netflix is like walmart and what it did to smaller stores and how the quality now is so generic and bland. The "elephant in the room" is the grand bet western nations (led by the US) are making by investing in advanced and sophisticated weapons. Historically, you did need good weapons and vehicles/horses/planes but there has always been a balancing effect caused by how much of them you have, how many troops can operate them and how well defended they are. Aircraft carriers are a good example,they compliment existing capability by acting as floating military bases that can take the battle to the enemy's homeland. But that's the thing,they compliment,they don't replace. Even if the F35 delivered as promised,is it better to have 10 F35 , 50 F18 or even better -- 1000+ armed drones? They're making Navy boats smarter and more powerful as well,requiring fewer sailors. I am not against smarter technology and advanced capabilities. But it just doesn't seem wise to replace man count and existing capabilities when the new tech hasn't been battle tested against a worthy adversary. I wouldn't want to rely on a few powerful counter measures,but rather a large number of "good enough" defensive and offensive technology. But that's why I called it "the elephant in the room",this could work and actually counter-act other future super powers. Or history would repeat itself and the opponents will win with sheer troop count and "good enough" weaponry. The US spends 20% of gdp on the military,yet it is quite obvious the greatest threat is internal strife and divisions typically exasperated by economical divisions. Not to mention, severe lack of physhical fitness for military-age men and women. Military leaders already consider this a national security threat. I have a feeling this might be one of the reasons they're relying on technology so much. They don't think they can mobilize and train enough soldiers in the event of yet another world war. It would be much easier to have them operate drones and wear head gear with HUD (just like in the games) that costs a fortune. They might just be playing to the nation's strength. But still,maybe if they spent 10% instead of 20% in defense (even russia and china don't spend close to 10%) ,and use that 10% for internal socio-economic stability and just maybe enact mandatory military service,that might be wiser than relying fully on technology that hasn't been battle tested against the intended scenario and adversary. Will economic strength and advanced weaponry be enough? Maybe,but many empires with all that and more have fallen for various reasons. Economy aside,the cancerous defense-contractor industry that is the cause behind why so much of the GDP goes into defense is one of chief internal security threats. The whole industry is structured around politics so that politicians in specific districts approve spending in exchange for jobs+economy in their district. Many articles and blogs on that specific issue(e.g.: https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/01/the-tra... ) Nothing against json but I disagree with that conclusion. There are tools that support only syslog for example. Sometimes your aim is to log a large number of events,sometimes you want to log a lot but with less frequency. Syslog or maybe even binary logging might make sense for high volume events due to how the extra json formatting adds up quickly (and that could have a financial cost to it!!). If you want to log a lot of events but the frequency needs to be low due to resource constraints,then json may or may not add to your problem. It may be a problem as an intrmediate format but not so much if the final processed log is also json. If the resource bottleneck is caused by the log processing stage then there almost certainly be a better format. But I am not speaking strictly of JS code like the author. TLS client certs are a thing Then it would no longer be oauth2? Standards exist to prevent deviations. How do you manage signing keys and distribute them? What signature scheme,encoding,etc... Should be used? It's common to mitm TLS in banking sector in the US Yes,the handshake is authenticated and can have two way non-repudiation. The symmetric crypto that follows the handshake uses secret key agreed upon during the handhake. because only the client and server know that secret,all messages encrypted with it also have non-repudiation. I don't get your point about losing keys,is there any form of non-repudiation that does not require keeping secret material secret? Are you also neglecting the fact that revocation is a thing and TLS non-repudiation works by way of a trusted 3rd party? I now understand your first point. > The point about losing keys is that if I can plausibly claim that I “lost” control of my key then I can claim that an imposter signed a message that apparently came from me. So even with digital signatures you usually need additional controls (hardware, processes, legal/regulatory etc) to really guarantee non-repudiation. Depends on the use-case right? For example,foss projects use gpg signatures for non-repudiation and authentication,but they can also say "the key was compromised x weeks ago". I think there is only so much a communication protocol can do. For where oauth2 would be used,I believe what some (like OP) want is session level authentication and non-repudiation. To say "I was really speaking to " as opposed to being able to say "Specific payloads and transactions with were really made with non-repudiability". For the latter,like you suggested, a protocol with awareness of the specific data,transactions and payloads is needed. Oauth2 and TLS are session aware not application aware. Alternative headline: Teardown of USB fan reveals systems were engineered without taking into account the need for user-friendly security ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Can't have opsec if you don't know "op"(how a system operates and is meant to be operated) or or "sec". Maybe you should see if taking a few weeks off from work is possible. I won't advise you about depression since I don't qualify to do so,but I do know changing your environment can have a significant psychological impact. It could make things better or worse. When a program doesn't work right you need someone who understands how programs work, to debug them,analyze the root cause and implement a fix. Doesn't have to be a therapist,just find someone who qualifies and let them debug you. Edit: Interesting post on hn you might find useful: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17523475 This is why we have more flooding too. More parking space means less ground to absorb rain water. Yeah,we all have lol. Something about the critical development period (pre 13) I think I like this,cross platform is important for me. Looks great but I don't use any apple products. Daily taks but also reminder related like "monthly patch kernel on systems {...} ,do checklist [a,b,c...] For this group manually after." Businessday seems excellent,I will demo it.thank you! Honestly,I would be more willing to pay for a ride into the Mariana trench or other extremely deep ocean expeditions. I get it's about the experience but imagine seeing creatures few people (if anyone) has ever seen. I read something the other day on the lines of "10+ people have been to the moon but only 3 have been to the Mariana trench". I always dreamed of going to places here on earth hardly anyone has been to,space is great but I feel like it wouldn't be very exciting unless I get to explore and interact with the environment,maybe a lunar expedition will be available before I get too old. (Drop me a reply if you know of any jobs in remote places nobody wants to go to) Just don't give up then. In a race what matters is how you finished not how you started. Some of us don't feel comfortable if everyone knows each other. I don't know my neighbors and I like it that way. I have more options for stores,etc... More services are available in big cities too. More banking options,more car repair places,more grocery shops and placss of entertainment. There are nice parks if I want trees,or I could just drive out of the city on the weekend. I'm just saying, everyone has their own priorities. Would they not allow bringing your own meat based food? If allowed,what's the big deal? Edit: Wth is a "cheif culture officer"? Is it like "political officer" of the USSR? I think there is a huge architectural philosophy divide here. Some think ME has it's place if done right,but surely many would agree with me when saying all of ME's functionality should be implemented by the OS. ring -1 should not exist. Period. Right,what is needed is a management OS(think efi-like). Also,kvm+ipmi[1] is used for that mostly,not ME. [1] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intelligent_Platform_Managem... ME is like that except it ships with the CPU. Probably an unpopular perspective here,but, I look at feelings as something that must be understood with applied wisdom. Feelings can be extremely deceptive,and self-deception is the worst kind. One should completely distrust and be hostile towars a "feeling" until one is confident he/she understands why the feeling exists and is the way it is. To add on that,we should strive to make conscious and intentional decisions, making sure we understand our own intent. I am not saying emotions are bad or it's bad to say "I feel ..." But rather to know why you feel that way and if you make a decision based on that feeling,make sure to be conscious of that why behind the feeling. I don't think you appreciate just how insecure email is. How can you trust imap and smtp but distrust pgp? Protonmail emails are encrypted only when you send them to other protonmail users. I am really flabbergasted with your thought process. Gmail isn't a scam but protonmail is? PKI is trustworthy but pgp (wot) isn't? If you're afraid they'll modify their javascript,use their app!! Please tell me what webmail service you use,do they not use javascript? Scam implies intentional deception,you failes to prove that. Moreover you sir are slandering them. Let me say this - I don't care if they literally cloned yahoo's codebase, they are in switzerland and I pay them for their service , that alone makes them worth paying every cent! Ironport and openDNS are not doing better. Sourcefire is mediocre and I don't know about the rest. I hope you read this,the reason why Cisco chooses to aquire rather than compete is the same reason those companies would do better without Cisco. I am glad for the founders who get aquired but at least the John Chambers era aquisitions did not fare well. It's not worth it in my opinion. That's why networking is layered. If security is desired,it should be layeres on top not integrated as part of a layer. TLS for example is layered on top of Layer4(tcp/udp). It's not part of the tcp standard or something. Wifi or wired,Segment level security should have it's own layer on top of or under Ethernet. Maybe 802.11ae falls under this? Isn't the value of information given to it by the observer? Coin tosses can have a lot of value for some observers(odd but useful rng source for example). Opinion does not require evidence. He was commenting based on experience. In networking, Radia Perlman had some decent research done on this: http://www.vendian.org/mncharity/dir3/perlman_thesis/ In my opinion,that is what routing protocols should look like. Or at least they should adopt byzantine fault tolerance and modern crypto to authenticate route updates. That would be a valid opinion too. It is a biased subjective perspective based on experience. A rational reader should confirm this opinion first hand before accepting it as fact. To me,it's as if someone recommended a restaurant for the taste of food or a workout routine for it's efficiency because of their experience,they were stating their experience,they did not need to provide verifiable evidence. If you do business you have to cooperate with the government and the law of that land. It is up to the people of that country to change their laws and government. I would be much more concerned if google gets an exception. In the west bigcorp gets their lobbyist army (google is #1) to get past laws and the people's will. I hope China won't bow down to Google. America is operated by corporations, some countries are not. Baidu is many times more popular in China,makes little difference to mainland chinese people. Money? Are you paying for any of their products? Relying on Google's payment for selecting them as a search engine only goes so far... They should really come up with paid services insted of these schemes. Why do you think that perspective does not apply to americans? I don't eat at proper restaurants much but when I ate fast food,the busiest ones also had more people flocking to them(chick-fil-a for example). Not many people line up to eat at a no-name off brand chain that just opened,and I see those pop up and go out of business a lot. It's not a cultural thing but how one is brought up. Upper class or rural chinese might have a different approach just as americans from different walks of life and from different states might view it differently. Same goes for investing, those who plan for long term gains have a different perspective than those who want 'buy low. Sell high.' For short term profits. Work out(physically). Purchase data sharing with 3rd parties and facial recognition,how rampant are they? And do you know anything about how they track cell phone's wifi mac as a customer goes around the store? But if you want to take the kids out as a 'reward' meal,assuming you never been to either establishment,would you go to a busy chick-fil-a or a new not so busy raising canes closer to your house? Convenience applies to fast food but restaurant dining is a bit different,I think what is more relevant to the thread is quality seeking customers as opposed to convenience. Investors want quality over convenience,how they decide on what is of good quality is the debate. Seems well opinionated but I disagree. He's thinking too much in absolutes while in practice people care about relative security. Computer security has gotten a lot better,many organizations have acheived a security posture they are comfortable with. I think he's focusing strictly on application security,in reality you care about maintaining C.I.A. for the data. I don't care if the entire software stack is riddled with vulnerabilities and the CPU has unfixable vulnerabilities so long as that does not result in attackers (as defined by my threat model) fail to compromise confidentiality,integrity and availability of data I consider valuable. The software might get exploited but there are post exploit controls,those may get bypassed but attacker facing machines would ideally not store valuable data. The attackers can move laterally but there are detection and prevention measures for that. I mean, both in life and computer security,one shouldn't expect absolute security, acheiving and accept level of a security posture should be enough. I'm not prepared to handle 10 guys mugging me as I walk home,but that isn't my goal. My goal would be to defend myself against one or two attackers of the same weight class as myself. There is a reason so much security appears bad,easier to clean up a breach of security or to just ignore it than to implement a SDLC and have independent security staff. In the end,security improves only if it's cheaper to do so. I am not against regulation,I think it's needed,especially on the 3rd party code audit side. What makes software security practices different is thay 'computer security' is much more than how securely the code was written. A perfectly written software could be rendered useless by incorrect configuration or bad admin security practices. Heck,even the cpu could be come faulty and compromise security as you've seen with the latest intel bugs. Yes,software security needs to improve by a lot,but look at the whole picture and include operational security,system and network design,risk assesment and proper threat modeling practices. Good and easy example - yubikey. Google hasn't had anyone phished in over a year or so due to their yubikey enforcement. Even of software security or bad human practices were a problem the check and balance of yubikey prevented compromise of data security. Next Gen AVs are so good,there are companies that haven't had single malware infection in 1y+. Insider threat is being accounted for too as a result of ML+behavioral analytics. Modern security assumes the software is riddled with bugs. For example, if MS word starts powershell or the browser an unusual program like cmd.exe,modern endpoint solutions would block+alert. They assume browsers and document processors are filled with holes,so they account for post-exploit behavior and that actually works well. Writing software can't be regulated but use of unaudited software can,especially for commercial use. That's what security professionals do. We measure risk and plan for the next breach. I used that as an example,but in security we can measure the risk of a specific data or system being compromised. We can define specific security posture requirements that can be met. Incident response plans account for recovery and cost-efficient remediation of the next breach. Extensive IR playbooks can be defined for when software security fails. Acheiving security means being able to measure risk,place security controls,audits,policies and plan for IR. It does not mean elimination of vulnerabilities as a whole. Like you said,the next breach could impact the entire world, the problem is that the entire world as a whole is not prepared for it. More realistically,corporations are far more prepared than individuals. End users can't do their own computer security. Unfortunately this can only be fixed by regulation, and that can only happen when people are scared enough. But even then, people don't understand technology enough to demand such regulation. In my opinion,silicon valley's political involvement would be a roadblock since it will inevitably get perceived as a liberals vs conservatives issue. I hope technologists become more socio-politically neutral just for that readon. DNS root server keys? Wonder if this has been used in any commercial transaction escrow systems. Things that may or may not be true: 1) Google and other bigtech are essentially private sector branches of the U.S. intelligence community. 2) Google,Facebook and other not-so-famous companies are interested in not just behavioral analytics but also in behavior control and modification. 3) Google and Facebook can do a lot worse and get away with it,so long as they do it slowly. It's not thay they want world domination or just making more money,they're more concerned abour control. Making things more predictable,not leaving important decisions and situations to chance and free will. Of course some individuals have political ambitions (Eric Schmidt's new america initiative for example). 4) Whoever controls them,controls the country and western civilization. Even the greatest men will find that kind of power too difficult to wield without selfish and malicious intent. It's history stuck in a for loop,rulers vs the ruled. It has,we pretend it's something new when it isn't and refuse to learn from history. That makes a lot of sense,but don't ignore the pee tape. Americans want to be divided,not united. Both Trump and Obama are to blame. Americans unite only when an external force attacks the homeland (9/11,pearl harbor). Too much of under-appreciated peace and prosperity led to this. Latter,they work with governments a lot to take down malware domains and such I find the idea of prosperity==happiness a bit silly. Being satisfied with the quality of life you have does not equate happiness. The list is quite long but to name a few: horrible personality disorders,childhood trauma,relationship issues(opposite sex,parent,society,coworkers,etc...),physhical health ailments and so on... All these can become obstacles to happiness and throwing money at them to the most part does not help overcome these issues. Here is my question: 1) isn't happiness a bit overrated? 2) is happiness really all that important? 3) if prosperity is happiness then why are there so many happy poor people in 3rd world countries? They don't directly enforce any laws. Think of it like neighboorhood watch people that find suspicious criminal activity and call the cops. They do all the investigation and leave the guns,handcuffs and prosecution to the government. A personal hardware security device is useful not just for logins but signing messages and encrypting data. Imagine signing up to a site or service,all you need to do is allow it to generate a unique public/private key pair on your personal hsm. You would optionally associate a username with the public key,but that's it! No need to enter name,address,phone,email,etc.., Unless required for the service. You won't even need a password(!!) Lost the personal hsm? No worries,you wrote down a recovery key on paper and stored it next to your social security card and passport. Here is my thing, simpler security is better security. I use a yubi everyday and it's nice but I also use TOTP and SMS every day. If I am using a hardware security device,why do I need any other form of authentication? Why can't that same device be used for TLS client certificate storage for every site I visit,storing SSH private keys,trusted root CA store I can use with any device, message(email,signal,telegram,etc...) Encryption,message non-repudiation(think a twitter post or even this comment being signed by my hsm so I can't say 'the hackers did it'). You can use it for banking,voting,signing important documents online,etc... You can already see how much work goes into adopting something like a yubikey. Why not make it a general purpose hsm that solves all these security problems. You know what I like about this the most? Minimal user education required,just plug it in,click yes on the app's prompt and press the button on the hsm. Not only that,you can't phish or some other way social engineer the user to give up the private key. Users can keep it on their keychain or building access badge that would give physical attackers similar level of access(they can unlock your house keys and steal pii or get in the building with your badge and steal your laptop). A user friendly usbarmory for the lay-person! Bounties are one thing but how about selling exploits to organizations like zerodium? Since you won't disclose,won't they pay a lot better? More or better? I think more apartments (condos that you own,not rent) would solve a lot of housing problems. Everyone just has to have a large single family house. I don't buy that argument. I have purchased Blu phones for under $50,yubikey nano cost me ~50. Plus,it gets even cheaper with mass production. A cheap smartphone without radio,screen,large battery with a custom os and a usb connection would be an even cheaper phone. The only things a personal hsm would add might be nfc and hardware rng. I'm surprised yubikey hasn't gotten cheaper even with companies like google using it. Hah,that's one extreme reaction. Except for the complete lack of security and blind trust of server operators? It's downright dangerous to use it,but then again people still use email. It's not safe. Period. You like irc. Does not mean it's superior. It's unsafe and lacks too many features natively. It wasn't even great in the early 90s. It was popular and I liked the experience but the protocol is even more broken than email. I am a fan of simplicity,but it needs to be safe to use and friendly to users. Separation of duties. You want the hsm to be unchanged in many years with minimal maintainance. While your phone is already being used for too many things which means it will need an upgrade frequently and you will have a harder time securing it. Think of the hsm as just another key on your keychain. It has no ui other than a button,does not need charging and will remain in your pocket until needed. You don't want someone grabbing it off your hand while texting or making a call,that would mean they can access all your accounts. Would it not be possible to use hardware that can make similar security promises using the cost saved by not having the LCD and Battery? USBArmory is around ~$100,I'm essentially talking about a mass produced user friendly version that cuts 40-60% of the cost due to mass production and slightly less extravagant hardware. Curious, can you name one country that lacks toilet paper or where hemerroids are unheard of? Neither were social security numbers. If OPM and equifax breaches weren't enough,I don't know what is. I think the west as a whole would change fast when this information is used against them in war with a formidable adversary(russia,china...) Nice,but the hta payload in your screencap,i remember no av picking up my cactustorch payloads either. Nextgen AV(like windows ATP) block your exploit when it tries to spawn a process like cmd.exe. Their starting to do ML on scripts too now. Keep it up though,maybe the next APT breach will use your script :) Reminds me of logban and esperanza. Nice ideas,but ultimately a complete waste of time(outside of enjoyment). Who decides what should be tolerated? Facebook? How is an employees personal business a company's business? Worked across very liberal and very conservative places in tech. Neither is pleasant. In my opinion, the American self-image and self-worth largely characterized by subscription to a political ideology is the problem. What bothers me is not dress codes,free meals,open offices,etc... But the very idea that a company would display or promote politics in the work place. Why are companies promoting "pride",donating to trump,telling workers to attend 'lgbt tolerance' meetings,etc... Wth!!!! If you are my coworker,I respect you as a colleague and a human being. Your private life and beliefs are not mine to police or encourage in anyway. Left,right,etc... Who cares? You're at work! Look at it this way,if your company is pro something,it can be anti- that same thing as soon as it becomes profitable to do so. Imagine not being able to work in tech because how you vote,pray or who you associate with becomes inconvenient to the industry. This is my question for you: Are you willing to surrender your right to believe what you want,associate with whom you want and support the political causes that matter to you in exchange for your political views and ideology becoming the norm you can't deviate from? What is the alternative? Do politics with your friends, family and community,associate with whom you want and believe what you want. When at work respect your colleagues,not because of their politics and beliefs but because 1) they're human 2) you would want to be respected if you were in their shoes 3) out of respect for your own self This isn't about left vs right or kkk vs blm. It's about corporations vs individuals,who decides what views,beliefs and associations are acceptable. Should society be run by the people or by the ruling class and their corporate machine? What if they weren't conservative? Same as conservative. Someone telling me what is ok and not ok to believe. I did not show up to work to get a brain-wash. I joined a company,not a cult. Why is disrespecting or demeaning a coworker for any reason allowed? If I disrespect you because your haircut is unfashionable,would that be ok? If the meeting was about supporting neo-nazis ,would that not be saying the conmpany tolerates neo-nazis and does not welcome those who hate neo-nazism? Yet, you should respect your neo-nazi coworker,even if you were not told so. You only say that because it's convenient for you. You would not like it one bit at the conservative places I worked at. It really is a two way street and u-turns are allowed. You shouldn't be tolerated or respectes as a result of your 'race' or 'sexuality'. Don't miss the forest for the trees. No,they are your coworker. Period. They're not your friend. They are not promoting neo-nazi beliefs at work or direspecting other coworkers,what business of yours is their neo-nazi activity? Peace has a price. You don't get. That isn't why you should respect them!! Their beliefs are not grounds to or not to respect them. Their beliefs are part of their private life. You are able to change what rights and liberties are allowed to you because you can participate in society and politics without getting fired from your jon and exiled for your unpopular beliefs. Intolerance of anti-black people makes you intolerant,not tolerance of black people. That intolerance would be fine(I certainly don't tolerate anti-black people in my personal life) but I would want to make every effort to be professional and respectful towards a skinhead at work. I will not respect or tolerate a person because they are gay. I will respect and/or tolerate them because they are human and a colleague. Tolerance training is political because the employer wants employess of a certain belief,affiliation or private association to feel welcome. For example,tolerance training for vegetarians would also be political. Pride also is supporting a political movement much like supporting 'alt-right'. It's not gay people being just gay,but a company telling workers personal sexual lives of their colleagues is a basis for tolerance or intolerance and that the company favors tolerance in that particular case. By that same right,they can hold gay intolerance training. As an individual,this is great news for me. But for corporate use,this means having to intercept https unless you can turn DoH off via GPO or something. These days,credential and PII theft phishing is a huge concern. Without intercepting https,the only way to know if a user went to a phishing site is by logging DNS or relying on SNI(SNI encryption is being developed as well). Wrong,you're being presumptuous. I would not be 'tolerated' in most workplaces either 60+ years ago. Even now I face difficulties. Please don't be presumptuous. One of the most offensive things I experienced in a liberal workplace was being treated differently(for my benefit) because of the 'group' I belonged to. You show up to work to do a job not to struggle in politics. I should be accepted as a human and a coworker,not as a member of whatever group I belong to. You have the right to earn a living and feed yourself and family because you are human and you have the skills and qualifications for the job. Your membership to some socio-political group neither qualifies nor disqualifies you. This is possibly the biggest and most tragic case of Sunk-cost fallacy: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sunk_cost I honestly think the american defense contractor industry poses a national security risk. In time of war,the country needs efficiency as much as capability and how much cash you burn through(even if you just print more money) can also decide who wins the war. That was a fun read,wonder if any activex controls can be used to download remote executables. 34C3 talk on noise: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-kWVb81tCc Have you seen the movie "Shawshank Redemption"? It makes an interesting point about becoming institutionalized. There was an inmate that was released after ~50 years,he committed suicide because he couldn't adopt to living outside of the prison system. What they call the loneliness epidemic these days is a bit like that. In fact,I would say loneliness is social imprisonment. For one reason or the other individuals end up lacking the skills needed to develop meaningful social relationships,the opportunities are there but the skills are lacking. Much like becoming institutionalized, prolonged loneliness becomes a dependency in itself. At first you try everything you can to escape from the prison,then you learn to tolerate it,then you can't function outside of it. I said all this to make one important point: For most people who experience prolonged loneliness,It's not lack of solutions or opportunities that keeps them lonely. Not just in the US or the west but for all people,the importance of teaching children proper social skills needs to be communicated much like communicating the importance of good nutrition and hygeine has reduced preventable diseases throught the world. For adults,I honestly don't know of any solution other than to continue creating opportunities for social interactions. It takes a lot of time,patience and practice to learn to make more friends and socialize once you settle down as a working adult. How much of a challenge is it to implement a purely userspace client? Last I checked the wireguard app depends on the Linux kernel's Crypto primitive API's a lot. For increased adoption,it needs to support windows and iOS. Not only that, high performance packet routing is sometimes done mostly in user-space (haven't looked much into XDP yet). Once you know of a phishing attack (or malware activity) you need to check what users fell for it. For prevention, your run of the mill phishing campaign blasts emails at a large number of recipients,you can block domains it uses to prevent infection or visits to malicious URLs. In essence,defenders need to monitor for and block attacker infrastructure. Google is human unfriendly. They only care if their bottom line is in danger. Make a lot of noise on social media(involve your user base if possible.) You probably thought of this already but why can't you sue them? Even if you lose,you might at least get a review of the ban. Do they have a non-arbitration TOS? I Agree with OP. From an authentication point of view(Crypto and twiiter like 'verification'),some system or authority needs to verify your identity. I think a Fully Qualified User Identity (much like fqdn) where your username is only part of your FQUI would solve a lot of issues. For example: Alice.blue.hn.de Alice.orange.hn.twitter.us The two FQUI represent different people. Alice is in the 'blue' group,verified by hn which used the 'de' identity authority. Alice is in the 'orange' group,verified by hn using twitter. Twitter used identity authority 'us'. . . . This isn't a new idea at all,there just does not seem to be a one size fits all consensus on what system to use. Maybe everyone is wary because the DNS hierarchial system isn't doing too well. Unlike domain names,a person is unique,you can't register arbitrary identities under the same authority(at least not without committing fraud) I don't know about that. Even if their lives are boring anf they have a bland personality, I think with the right skills and confidence I can be friends with most HN users(or rather most 'hackers'). What I mean is,having something in common or a common interest might be enough,even if you're not well spoken or well rounded as a person. Gdpr introduces a cost but from what I heard,it's very messy. What is needed is civil laws that permit lawsuits and restraining orders against tech companies as well as criminal statutes to imprison CEOs of companies that willfuly track users against their wish. For example,Facebook's CEO should be criminally prosecuted for "shadow profiles" collected against non-users. I should be able to file a restraining order against Google preventing them from stalking me online. I don't care if they pay a hundred billion dollars to the government,I want clear and specific lines drawn with clear and efficient consequences. Consider this: under CFAA, intentionally attempting to gain unauthorized access to a system can result in a federal criminal prosecution. Google and Facebook are intentionally collecting unauthorized information on individuals who have clearly expressed their desire to not be tracked by them(browser settings and http headers). Their CEOs should be just as liable as an individual would if that individual was stalking another person or logging into their account against their permission. This is awesome. Thanks for sharing. Can you add Mirai as well? This is a ridiculous article. First off,most orgs have an outbound mail provider that supports spf. Second, Spf can be setup to softfail (mail gets delivered anyways). I have used spf many times to distinguish forged phishing email vs phishing email originating from a compromised account. SPF is like most security solutions,its purpose is to reduce risk not eliminate it. If you really want to go down the rabbit hole of eliminating risk,your first step should be to not use email at all. You have user groups which allows for duplicate usernames. The hierarchy also imposes a top level identity authority. In your example,'tld' is responsible for hostname,not for username. In my example 'de' is responsible for verifying the user with 'hn' merely verifying against 'de'. Your example is user@fqdn. My idea is ,which authoritatively qualifies a user not a user and a domain Utter and absolute b.s. ,the purpose of purism is privacy,not security. They are not claiming greater security than the iPhone or Pixel,they are claiming transparency,open hardware and a non-commercial alternative mobile OS. The price of having "a large team of ______" is either closed hardware or complete loss of privacy. It pisses me off so much when I read well reputed people like you say ridiculous things like this. How big was Linux's security team when it started out? Look at duckduckgo and protonmail competing with google search and gmail. Are you saying they won't be able to afford a dedicated security audit team once the product starts profiting in the tens of millions? > If you want to use a niche phone as a fashion or political statement, more power to you. But if you try to market that phone as "transparent code is the core of secure systems", I'll take issue with that; it's neither a necessary nor a sufficient condition for security. I will make that fashion statement. And you know what,security is all about risk(and I know you could teach me an entire course on this). As an individual, hardware or software that cannot receive an independent review either due to lack of openness or transparency in the development process carries an enormous amount of risk. Even someone as talented as yourself cannot unilatetally audit android's codebase,you can't even start with iOS(even if you could you 'd be breaking a fineprint somewhere). The fact others can audit the code and design is a relevant factor when assessing risk and evaluating security. More transparency == less risk == better security. > This phone may very well be more "fair" or "ethical" than an iPhone. But if it's not as secure as an iPhone, it's unethical to claim otherwise. What happened to threat modeling? As an individual,I care much more about Google tracking my activity and sharing it(I'm sure you read the recent AP piece revealing google doing just that even when location was turned off) than I am worried about russians using a 0 day kernel rce or the FBI trying to decrypt my phone. Many of us are just normal people seeking the basic dignity of privacy and property ownership(as in freedom over the phone you own). Their product has a very real and significant impact to the reduction of the amount of risk I have to accept as an individual who has to use a smartphone, I don't see why you need to bilittle their work with obviously non-constructive criticism. Edit: to all the '*' points you mentioned,how exactly and practically would purism's lack of those features impact the privacy and security of purism under real world threats. Also,in case it wasn't clear already,Google and Apple are considered threats to privacy and security by many who support works like purism's. > If your phone is not secure against outside, malicious actors, then all the privacy you gain is entirely pointless. Not true,even the most insecure phone is secure against some subset of attackers. If you don't trust the maker of your phone,all other security is useless. Imagine going into war but you suspect your body armor and vehicle is boobytrapped by your own side... > Having a security team doesn't mean you get closed hardware, it means you have a security team. Didn't claim othetwise. Closed hardware is needed to control the market well,alternative being to control user data and open up hardware and software.having a security team dedicated to a baseband audit means your profit a very large sum and you're already succesful... > Not very large and nowadays there is lots of people working on Linux security and they discover a lot of CVE's that are fixed in the kernel and then backported. Early versions of the Linux kernel weren't very well guarded against outside attackers (in fact, we're only just seeing the tailend of when vulnerabilities get introduced to the kernel lift from the beginning of the git history at around 2.6). Same can be said about windows seecurity,the point was lack of dedicated security teams early on. Even making $10mil profit a year,you'll find it difficult to find one security guy and dedicate resources to support his work. My whole rather obvious point you missed here was the correlation between adoption of a product and ability to dedicate resources like a security team. > I think, and this is pure speculation based on the text of the OP, that the statement they made is intended to highlight that security teams cost money and Protonmail and DDG aren't able to afford as good security teams as google as a simple function of "how much money can we spend on it". Somewhat,I understood it as "more money means more security and transparency is much less valuable". Which I disagree with. Transparency and good security hygeine are much more important than throwing money and bodies at it. > But seriously, this conflates "open source = security" which isn't remotely true and can be easily disproven by adding a backdoor to any open source project and sending you the result. How many people out of 100 would even understand the code, how many of those are able to find the backdoor, how many of those can patch it out and compile it without backdoor? I made a point out of security being a measured evaluation of risk. Transparency and being open source are variables,just like having skilled developers,a good security procress,good project management and resources like money and time. You need some of each but completely ignoring a variable means everything it multiplies is also 0. Opensource helps improve security,but only as a variable. > Same trap as before. Lots of people don't worry about facebook tracking and don't worry about russians using a 0day on them. Most people won't buy a phone on the premise that google won't track them, they buy phones based on the features it offers and the big numbers vendors print on the spec sheet. Of course lots of people still don't want tracking but together with the previous group they form the majority of people who might not want tracking but ultimately can't be assed to care enough to spend more than a couple dollars per year on avoiding it. Most people didn't have sex with condoms either until sexed came along. After fb's facebook fiasco,something like 42% of their users either stopped or dramatically reduced using fb. People have no choice but to buy apple or iphone therefore you're purely speculating here. Most people don't know exactly how bad things are,try showing someone you consider average their google activity and location history and offer them a purism phone and prove me wrong. Most people want a fancy featured phone but they also believe their hard earned money should be enough of a price to pay. They would buy the privacy enabling phone with the same looks and features for a higher price. For the rest of what you said,it seems you ignored the part where I said 'real world threats'. Name one real world compromise using baseband firmware and I'll donate $100 to a btc wallet of your choosing. Not just google but run of the mill commercial site use fingerprinting. E.g.: https://github.com/jackspirou/clientjs/blob/master/README.md https://github.com/Valve/fingerprintjs/blob/master/README.md +1 they do protocol detection as well. If blocking is all they want,fingerprintig is cheaper than DPI. Most modern languages morphed from another. Nothing changed to prevent this cycle,but it takes at least a few hundred years. I suspect a form of english would dominate for a few hundred years no matter the country. There are plenty of non-western countries where large populations get displaced due to various reasons as well,so long as people get transplanted in large numbers,they will always merge their original language with the new one. Although,america is an exception due to it's unusual tolerance of multiculturalism and segregated foreigner communities. They're supposed to display in punycode characters outside of your locale. Maybe whitelisting specific characters instead of only locale would be best. Your color idea is neat but look at it from the perspective of people that actually use idn domains and don't speak english. What if раураӏ.com was раураӏ.fans-ùøê.com where ùøê was part of the same charset as ӏ and the user speaks both locale. Even if you color it,it would be difficult to train users to pick up on that. I think he got the point just fine. She was willing to compromise because half a baby is a dead baby. She would compromise on whether or not the baby was in her possesion but she could not compromise on the state of the baby. It is better to lose the whole war than to lose what you value the most. Losing could mean many things,not just loss of possession. Yes. They're ok. You decide to chose what belief system to subsccribe to,and the highest authority within your belief system decides right and wrong(absolute right and wrongs being decided by absolute authority) While you're bored and comfortable,others are in horrific pain and suffering. It seems you prefer comfort and well being over doing what's right. In essence,if you (not society) believe doing something is right,you should at the very least not be be vocally against others who are doing it. Well, I just wish they'd stop trying to convince people to let them into their houses and cars to allow for faster delivery. It's the means I usually have a problem with,not the ends. Didn't say I was. As a customer i still don't like it,even if other customers do. Much like how I don't like fastfood restaurants serving unhealthy food,even though customers like it. That time was like 10yrs ago... It's a messy thing,but you gotta start somewhere. Wifi is a layer2 standard. Always felt like security should be handled by upper layers. Layer2 secures one data-link segment at a time,layer3 secures a network connection at a time. There is a missing .5 protocol(.5== inter-layer,e.g.: arp,ndp,mpls and dhcp) that could use layer2 parameters to establish layer3 security. Or maybe all that is needed is a feature-stuffed version of dhcp that would configure a default gateway and a secure l3 tunnel to that default gateway as well as on-demand tunnel establishment parameters for intra-vlan endpoints. This would secure wired and non-wifi wireless IP networks as well. Now it's ok for them to not only record your voice in your home but to get into it. The home is the last privacy frontier. What is an option today becomes mandatory tomorrow. It might not be much of an option once every market place does this and you can't practically use brick and mortar stores to buy what you need. That's not so bad. Lack of cushion destroys my rear after 8hours on a bus,no leg space destroys my knees,no armrest means I have to rub against a stranger for many hours. #2 I agree with but #3 and #1 are a given. For example, With air travel,even 1st class won't isolate you from shaky flights or noisy neighbors(btw,noise canceling headphones are magical!) Personality can't be taught? You mentiones mostly methodologies,those can be taught. Enjoying the method or process is the personality aspect. I am of the opinion that you can be taught to enjoy just about anything. > Here's a specific example. You can be taught to overcome a fear of getting up onstage. You can't be taught to love and relish when you find just the right metaphor to convey an idea to a class. "to love and relish" ,that's they key phrase here. Why can't I be taught to love and relish _____? For example,you need a specific personality to be a truck driver. The lifestyle of a driver is extreme and demands that you enjoy some of those extremes. Why can't a person be taught to enjoy sitting in a truck for 8 hours and driving along a boring rural route all day long and waking up in a different state every morning? Why can't a person be taught to enjoy planting ideas in people's minds? It may fall under "psychological education" as opposed to "academic education",but I don't understand why it can't be taught. Why can't you teach someone to care? Why can't you explain to someone why exactly you care and help them to understand and accept your reasoning? As an example,there are lots of health care workers that get into it for the money and start caring about patients(and vice versa). I for example care,I would love the process of teaching but I would be terrible at everything else. To be a good teacher,the biggest requirement imo is to be a good student. Much like how you need to be a good worker before you become a manager and how you need to be a good soldier before you give orders to other soldiers. I just think "can't" is too strong of a claim that demands a clear and logical rationale to back it up. I agree,the methodology might need to be tailored for the individual,much like a treatment by a psychotherapist. But if it can be taught,it's worth teaching every teacher. Why not? I am extremely introverted, I became that way as a result of adapting to and learning from my life experience. Why can't I be taught through experience and having to adopt to uncomfortable situations, to become extremely extroverted? There is a reason the military has a bootcamp,it's to break your personality so they can form a new personality that can take orders and lives without hesitation. Why on earth are you using chrome if you cared about that kind of stuff so much? No,it isn't a bug. It has always been that on android,using chrome browser or the youtube app meant that whatever google account was used in play store is also used to log you into google both on on chrome,yt,maps,etc... They just brought that feature to desktop,I suppose now you'll be logged into whatever google account last used? This includes payment info you inputted on the play store or anywhere else. What exactly is your concern,I can't imagine you'd expect boundaries and privacy to be a thing google would respect with any of their products. They say "don't be evil" but they're pretty wishy-washy and flexible as to what they consider evil. I'd equate complaining about privacy and boundaries with google and fb to complaining about the rude staff and unpleasant patrons in prison. I wasn't saying don't use it. Just don't pretend the price you're paying for it is null. Chrome is the most (relatively) secure browser. Oh,how frustrated I was when finding out you can't just dd a windows disk image and expect it to work in the new environment. Makes me appreciate unix os design. I have been dd'ing *nix variants,having to change only the kernel and I will always get a bootable system. Very interesting,but should have eliminated most of the secretaries. They oversee departments of usgov,even though they are wh appointees,they don't have a lot of oval office exposure. They may have accounted for writing style analysis before posting the article. NYT has a superb team of security experts. Anyways,I agree with OP,it's likely the VP. They see chrome as the system/OS with users leaving it very rarely(chromeos is the ideal chrome setup). If you look at chrome as the OS and tabs/chromeapps as the apps,it makes sense. For sure,but you still needed a vpn in the west since a long time ago. Better yet,analyze emotions and truthfulness using ML against video statements made by officials who deny they're the author. Everyone(new to bsd tools) is annoyed by that. This will get me many downvotes but the BSD community embraces elitism,this is part of that "if you can't be bothered to learn your shell's shortcuts to move to the desired position immediately then you're not elite enough for bsd" or something on that line... I'm used to dd'ing an image to a usb or to a file. There are different tricks using random programs with windows to do similar things. I wanted the source to be an installed system not an installation iso(also win10 has a builtin tool that does what you said) The military made an ondemand killer out of them,how would civilians measure that change. The military doesn't make you a different person,nicer or meaner,the change they instill is simple -- your personality will obey lawful orders and work in a team. NGOs are typically aid companies like oxfam or the redcross. They're not always humanitarian but they're typically western orgs working in non-western countries for some cause. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Non-governmental_organization No problem against this,good if it makes anyone more comfortable in the community. Master/slave relationship is not uncommon throught history. I think if someone learned history well this wouldn't offend them all that much. But still,this isn't a misunderstanding worth making anyone uncomfortable. When I was a teenager,I remember similarly feeling uncomfortable with IDE interface's master/slave terminology. Just a thought,this only proves the code is correct assuming hardware and firmware assumptions are also correct. Is it even possible to prove correctness of hardware? I've never heard of verified firmware as well. What mental issue specifically? Example, Childhood mental trauma caused psychological issues that made the convict a violent criminal,would that be better dealt with by a psychiatrist than prison? Probably,but the purpose of prison isn't correction. Correction is a desired end goal,but regardless of correction,prison is punishment for a person that broke the rules defined by society. The line is drawn somewhat clearly: if you are able to understand the ruled and apply reason to your decisions,you are held responsible for the consequence. IMO, free psychotherapy in prisons and getting rid of private prisons is a good idea. There is too much of "this is how we've always done it". I am also more concerned about the 90something% of cases that end up in a conviction due to plea bargaining. No due process. Tons of possibly innocent people admit guilt to avoid having their day in court. Risk getting a false conviction and serve 10yrs or plea bargain and get just a year,what poor person would take that risk if you can't afford a good lawyer? Or to IE...? Non-powerusers can't install linux. If they switch OS it will be to OS X Hah,let's talk about why 'we' got rid of it to begin with. Also, sabbath means "you can't work" not "you don't have to work if you don't want to" Training helps a lot ,but they typically treat users like toddlers and punish or reward them for getting it right. Training is also either too targeted or too untargeted compared to IRL phish It is a design problem that people are trying to fix in production. I strongly agree with you about not blaming users but I think the focus should be on what happens after they click on the link or open up the attachment. There are 3 types of phishing emails: 1) information harvesting 2) malware delivery 3) trust abuse social engineering For 1), don't use passwords other than to protect private keys,in-browser dlp protection can help leakage of other PII. Alternatively,invest heavily in MFA. For 2), there already strong mitigations like attachment whitelisting but my idea is to allow email attachments to ne saved to,written to and read from an execution restricted file path(even temp files. noexec on *nix and SRP on windows). Of course app whitelisting is ideal solution which mitigates drive-by download/web phish infections as well. For 3), don't use email for communicating trust or authorization of change. Plenty of other alternatives (mostly e2e messaging and call apps) but it is more important to have an established protocol(e.g.: call back using listed number X and confirm with another call to Y before changing banking info or transfering money). Too targeted would for example be something too relevant to their job. They'd know what the typical emails and logins are so they won't fall for it easily. If the training is for spearphishing, it should contain extensive detail about the user. I mean really, you can't train someone who combats phishing as their day job against spearphishing. The only real threat training combats against is untargeted dragnet attacks which typically use generic content or attacks that target organizions(not individuals). In other words,you want them to be trained for the technology threat not the content threat. You want them know the difference between mail.company.com and mail.company.com.seemslegit.site . Currently,training seems to focus on "email looks suspiciois,why did you click on the link" not "what about the link made you think it was legitimate? and this is why you were wrong." Also,training is done as a campaign at most places.a few users fall for it and suddenly everyone knows about it before opening their inbox. Mostly theatrics. It shouldn't be "send phishme emails to a 1000 users today",it should be more like "pick 50 users out of 1000 at random and send them a new campaign everyday for the next 20 business days quarterly" If this was your typical org,Linus would be a lead developer and architect who is also the CTO. It is easy for me to criticize his behavior(and I don't agree with his rants) but it is also a difficult thing to be a leader. It would have been better if he got rid of the cult that alienates anyone who criticizes him. He is a perfect fit for the role but he should also be more tolerant of people who criticize his communication style. That's typically done by mime type and extension. For example,outlook/exchange won't let you send/receive windows executables as attachments at most companies. The level of tracking they do is downright criminal. If someone makes a clear effort to avoid tracking and you track them anyways then you're a stalker. I've tried it all and I never use chrome unless I have no other choice. They track you anyways based on behavioral analysis across sites. The answer is simple: criminalize their behavior. If you think that measure is extreme then you must not be aware of how dire the situation is. You shouldn't have to go through all these hoops and even when you do it's all futile. A DNT request header should be treated as a digital court ordered restraining order,where violators get prison time(CEOs of the site). This will solve sooo many problems without eliminating targeted advertising alltogether. A balance in favor of the people needs to be established. PGP is an alright protocol but I cannot recommend gpg for daily use by non-technical users. They make it extremely difficult to use long-term and simple issues like gpg-agent running as a background process become controversies where they could have just made it optional. Honestly,I think it's an alright piece of software but the project became the way it is as a result of the massive gnupg adoption in the *nix world and lack of competition. If it isn't cross-platform and user friendly,it shouldn't be used by the average citizen. As much as the cryptonerd in me likes this news,Gnupg as it is shouldn't be used for official matters. Most lawyers and judges would struggle to use it. I meant in general if the software isn't cross-platform and user friendly,it shouldn't be used for official purposes since a significant amount of citizens would be forcibly excluded. Gnupg gets the job done and is cross-platform but isn't user friendly. "Bulletproof" is a loaded term,something that is bulletproof may not be sulfiric acid proof for example. Anyway, the puropose of a security solution is to reduce risk to an acceptable degree. There are already plenty of apps and protocols that allow for secure message transmission and storage(signal,wire,tls,ssh,etc...) Why do you think GPGs task is special? FYI -- gpg is just a pgp client. You can use it,but your citize peers,lawyers ,judges and anyone opposing you in court need to also be able to use it. This is my approach to security as well. Security should aim to be simple in implementation but must be simple in interface. People take good security for granted. Look at HTTPS,all you see is the green lock as it's interface telling you the connection is secure. Cross platform is important for official matters because allowing a platform specific tool means the government,legal community and fellow citizens are also expected to use that platform to interact with content made or consumed by that platform specific tool. The apache struts vulnerability is easy enough to detect -- java runs programs it shouldn't. If a bigcorp like that doesn't have a nextgen av to detect that,executable logging+SIEM correlation would have done the trick. They detected the traffic after the tls inspection box was fixed, that was the box that deteced it not the point of entry from what I understand. Regardless, TLS inspection has it's place (this is why you can't have end-to-end cryto in a corporate environment). From my experience, most bigcorps do IT like it's still 2009. There is so much architectural bloat,bureaucracy and unseen system complexity,it reduces security controls to mere cosmetic theatrics. It's like having a 200ft tall,50ft thick iron wall around your castle with 100k foot soldiers armed with the best weapons and training. The problem is that your soldiers(IT staff) can't act fast due to bureaucracy and half of the duties are someone else's problem due to over-segregation of duties. Your fancy wall(security solutions and controls) is neat but there are holes wide enough to fit ten people all over it. In the end the enemy is complexity. You can't solve that by adding more security vendors,solutions and staff which is exactly what everyone seems to be doing. You're talking about the server/admin end. For users,a properly configured https site shouldn't cause any trouble. Even on servers,I'd say it's always been fairly successful if you consider the successful setups. In that case I agree with you,except to say "your platform isn't supported" is user-unfriendly. Crowdstrike,Carbonblack,windows atp,etc... Are "nextgen av". You can call them by their self proclaimed category as well. Curious on how much cognitive dissonance is caused by this. "I believe they don't like me. I also believe I need them to like me." Yeah but you'll always have unpatched vulns or 0days. You should patch but you should also account for when patching isn't enough. Sometimes servers get missed. Some places even have forgotten servers that aren't part of asset management. Some places don't have asset management. The fancy tools are not a onse size fits all solution just like patching and goof security hygeine isn't. Story time: I've hanged around hacker/infosec circles for quite a few years. I have a terrible personality where I can't get close to anyone or open up(not a joiner),that meant I couldn't be part of any inner circles. Eventually, over the course of many years I discovered all the ways my IRL identity could be correlated with my online activity. I also discovered groups of hackers(not the nice kind) make a hobby out of deanonymizing people,especially anyone that has remotely anything to do with infosec. I also realized many (not all) of these people had real jobs and that they could affect my life in very real ways. For example,I am using a VPN now and my browser has strong privacy protections configured. I am very confident that my identity could still be revealed by analyzing my writing style and correlating other behavorial metadata. Although I am not certain,I assume anyone in infosec that is interested in my off-work activity is monitoring my hn posts. Ways I've screwes up over the years: * Forgot to sanitize my whois * Used my regular email when consulting about IT work with IT/infosec people I did not know * Reused passwords for many years. * Didn't change reused password after inadvertently posting it on a public forum/chat. * Didn't use a VPN or Tor for many many years. * Assumed for a long time that 0days were used by an elite few and that nobody would burn one on a boring person like myself. * Assumed IT coworkers/bosses would never actively stalk me off-work because I assumed only a serious psycopath would do that to a human they see everyday. * Assumed my home computers' security without considering how easy it is for anyone to literally break into my place (has happened). * much more All in all, acheiving a reasonable level of security and privacy is a very difficult task for an individual. One of the reasons I got into security is because I kept thinking "I do IT for a living. What about all the normal unsuspecting people? What about my family members,heck pretty much anyone." It feels too much like a one-sided war against the 99% of people who are not tech-savvy. I want to help protect people who don't know how to protect themselves. Interestingly,the most diffult part is making people understand that they are under attack by extremely hostile parties. Fortunately there are many pros that share my view. @evacide on twitter for example helps women who have had their devices hacked by a stalker/hacker. For someone who does not work in IT, being monitored by a hacker practically drives them into extreme paranoia. It causes real mental harm. IMO,it should be treated as assault. I realize most of what I said is about hackers deanonymizing people and not the other way around like the article. I just thought it was important to note how many hackers are part of the problem and that we should consider how much more non-hackers need anonymity,pseudonymity and privacy in general. Lastly, I'd like to say this to anyone who tracks or monitors people(analytics count): consent is key. Imagine someone looking at you bare naked,this is fine if and only if they have your consent. The F35 jet plane. Enough said. Not a lot,trillions!! The cost is comparable(if not exceeding) the interstate highway project. Even then,it's not like it's some massive conspiracy. There are lawmakers and pentagon officials that would habe stopped it were it not for sunken cost fallacy. Unless of course you actually believe every single person in washington has sold out his country for money. People watch shows for enjoyment. Most people don't enjoy watching a person urninate on another person. Even if they listen,you can monitor network traffic and find out for sure. The difference is a home assistant should send your recording and metadata while a smartphone with similar network activity would be suspicious. Anyways,this is one if those problems that should be addressed in criminal law. Unfortunately most law is retroactively created,this means society will have to face irreversible damage of technology abuse before laws are updated. > Do other people feel the same? I don't. > Someone suspicious might say there's a concerted anti-Google campaign going on, if you were to look at the stories making the front page lately. I don't think it's quite that simple - assuming there is no campaign being driven by any group of people in particular, I think this is a symptom of some deep-seated frustrations. Frustrations about being early-adopters who aren't in the mainstream market; frustrations about not having privacy-respecting options; frustrations about the metrics-driven, impersonal way that products are developed by big Silicon Valley tech companies; frustrations about simply not being able to vote with your wallet when it comes to vendor lock-in, privacy, etc. Google and FB are both increasingly doing even more terrible things. Normal users can play the part of the frog that gets boiled slowly over time but people who understand to a degree the implications of technology abuse find it rather concerning. You seem frustrated a lot yourself. I don't see why HN would frustrate you but do be sure to take care of yourself. I am very concerned about many things but not so much frustrated. I've seen first hand people.I know getting exploited and abused by Google,fb and other bigtech. How bad should things get? Google isn't just a large target,they are an extremely hostile and abusive company. I'll say this,tech can't fix these companies. 1984 is supposed to be fiction. Even most of HN crowd underestimates how bad things are. This is what I meant by how even hn users are unaware. Whether you use google or fb they will still spy on you. You the tech savvy hn users might make it a tad bit harder for them but 90% of people can't. You can fight government surveillance but a very large majority of people don't care because they don't understand the extent and implications of what's happenning to them. In many(not all) ways 1984 was better It costs a few thousand a year already for their paid service. Most orgs are already touchy about virustotal. I wonder if google is just being naive about this. Bigcorps take liability much more seriously than infosec,better to have the entire AD forest compromised than get sued for sharing PII with google. Forgot what it was but they had an android offering for enterprises that crashed and burned because they wanted to sync your AD with their service. I would feel like an incredibly naive and wishful person if I considered Google's continuous privacy 'blunders' anything but intentional malice. YMMV. I think they need to respect their users much more. Someone once told me, most people mean distributed when they say decentralized. Git is decentralized only if commit priviledge is controlled and decided by at minimum two users where either user cannot revoke or otherwise threaten the other users priviledge. > "Why are certain things getting so much more expensive?" Incentive. Something costs X dollars because there are sufficient number of customers that are willing to pay X amount. Even if the cost of providing goods or services gets cheaper, businesses will charge more if they can. Capitalism assumes things will get cheaper as a result of competition, but that does not take into account third party involvement. if the payment is made by a third party,the incentive to compete by lowering prices decreases dramatically. A third party could be a credit card backer,insurance,government subsidies,etc... The impact of reducing the price is either not felt or is delayed significantly. It plays a much smaller role in consumer decision making when a thirdparty is involved. The problem cascades up and down supply chains,making trivial projects and services cost an insane amount. I blame this for many things including healthcare costs,car repair costs,public infrastructure costs,etc... Yes,there was a time when results were not good enough,these days I only use google if my query isn't direct or if a I need to search for individuals(due to how little they care about privacy,searching email addresses anf names is still ideal in google) Ddg also has 'bangs'. For example !whois looks up a whois record,!b searches it in bing and !translate translates via google translate. They havr many more :-) Of course they should be allowed,the only line I would draw is to not let the boosting cripple your child. You would rob the child perseverance and many life lessons if you don't let him/het fight for their share of the figurative pie. You know what's better than both? Perseverance. Learned or by birth,those who can persevere succeed. The world is full of gifted losers. Even those born rich might not amount to more than what they were born with. If a child grows up to be a decent human being,a functional member of society ,a responsible spouse,parent,child and can hold down a decent job is that person not doing better than a rich and gifted person that can't function well in society and does not treat others well? All I'm saying is 'better' should mean across the board better. Not just financially , career wise or contributions to society. Still no end to end encryption. Ircv3 would have been good 10years ago. IRC is great but everything has it's time. Even the web has it's time. E2E should be for all client to client communication. OTR is opportunistic. Good many many years ago but not enough for this day and age. When you think of a protocol's viability,consider how we'll be stuck with it for decades (like irc and email). Non-e2e support is intolerable. I'm nobody. The point of a protocol is for others to use it. Also,there are 'ok' alternatives for messaging like signal and wire. But yeah,i don't want to spend all my time working on something no one will use :-) Look,you're missing two very important points here. 1) yes,vpn providers crunch the numbers and come at a different conclusion. This is because they sell privacy before anything else. You don't gamble on the heart of your business model unless you intended to sell out your users from the begining. And there are well vetted providers run by well known individuals with a lot to lose if they sell out users. 2) It is in the interest of Mozilla's users for mozilla to diversify it's revenue source. So long at they don't forget to make features optional,I don't see the problem. This partnership is great because both Mozilla and ProtonVPN have similar business models. Heck,it would even make a lot of sense for Mozilla to operate protonmail. Except unlike with Google and Gmail,they would charge you money and that's it. Give us what we want,to be your customers not your product! Some managers can spend more time in meetings than in front of a screen. Maybe you want a role at a non-tech organization? First of,so what? Why don't you also mention why FireEye and Crowdstrike aren't finding western APT groups. They don't even properly track and document western actors and their TTP!! At least kaspersky names and tracks russian intelligence (e.g.: what CS calls apt28 and FireEye calls Sofacy is named Turla by Kaspersky). Unless of course you're saying american and british actors pause no threat to anyone. Second, not true at all. Plenty of apt groups have been written up by secure labs that are russian state associated. Second this. A phone number is tied to an individual. Even though the conversation is secure,it makes targeting easier since the attackers know who is talking to whom(comments on pgp usage and why the NSA loves pgp: https://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/01/27/nsa_loves_it_when_y... ,former NSA chief hayden also made similar remarks). Let'a say a journalist is targeted by a sophisticated attacker. The attackers want everything on the phone,why just calls and messaging? They won't even attack the protocol,they'll first try putting a RAT in place which will have access to everything. Signal does not promise to protect your communication after your phone is compromised(which only makes sense) but now the attackers don't just have access to your messages but also to your contacts. They now know the journalists sources and contacts by the phone number they used. "An IT policy that prevents USB use should be implemented, the US Department of the Interior suggested." ...seriously? They want to make life harder for people that have legitimate USB mass storage needs because of this? Do they have a DLP solution? DLP software can restrict what gets copied to and from a drive. Software restriction policies can be pushed to prevent execution from removable drives. Mind you,they said an "IT policy" meaning a rule that punishes anyone who uses a USB drive. This is the equivalent of your house getting broken into and your response is to have a rule thay punishes people for leaving the door unlocked instead of getting a home security system. Also,why is this a bbc news story? No,you can even do that for your house. Porn is not hard to block. If you're going that route,peripherals can also be "hostile" not just mass storage Lies. I know first hand a few very large corporations that don't have this restriction. I only know of one corporation that has a blanket ban. "Government" is huge,the department in question does not handle confidential(classification) and above information. I know of company that did that as well. "We survived" is a very low standard. Security improvement should be measured against user impact and data being handled. The org. in the article does not have data confidentiality requirements that warrant such a severe user impact. I know of first hand a corporation whose nationwide business would bw crippled by USB mass storage blanket ban. Context insensitivity is bad security. Respectfully disagree,blanket ban is good if the specific business unit handles sensitive data. Some departments might need to interact with external third parties and customers who would send them data over mass storage. Most people are not idiots when it comes to security since it is the job of system and security engineers to design a secure system for "most people" ,however a security policy that does not take into measure context specific business impact is foolish. And it's the security teams job to assess the security needs of the business and apply policies. If the entire business has a data loss risk then sure a blanket ban makes sense. I disagree with what you said in that I believe "most businesses" need granular security policies that should be applied for specific departments. There maybe better ways of handling files but say you're a news corp and sources give you data over USB or a fashion company that has freelancers walk into your location's in person to hand in photoshoots and large cad files. The resteiction would have an impact both to users and to the business. For example,I worked at a company where specific departments were not restricted from accessing any website due to the possible business impact of them not being able to reach a required site. Fair enough,probably meant what you said. In general these restrictions sound good but they're really bad when applied as a blanket policy to everyone. I prefet a "default" (not blanket) ban with exception/whitelist process in place. And this ,only for data sensitive departments. The response to lateral movement via USB mass storage should be measured to restrict that specific attack vector(execution from mass storage). It is not an excuse to recommend a policy that solves problems outside the scope of the incident. If there are data loss concerns,the policy should be made after proper risk analysis,available solutions and user+business impact. IMO,How you do these things tends to be more important than whether they get done or not(process>practice). Not in the trivial case. I meant most porn sites. All you have to do is use a reputation service and block uncategorized sites. Cisco OpenDNS actually offers a free DNS resolver that filters out most porn sites. Also,surprised at the amount of responses on HN today that presume details.... I get what you're saying,I would even say that China is acheiving this without wars, unlike the west. But, they are not very good to their own people and they are extremely distrustful of foreigners. Not just westerners but even in africa they've been caught acting with malicious intentions(the last example I read was how they backdoored the African Union's IT systems). Very hard to trust someone who trusts no one. The primary fear should be wars and global instability instead of who gets to wear the #1 badge. It has not even been a century since WW2,the current chinese regime is operating as a response to WW2 and "running a marathon,not a sprint" to beat the west and russia. China dominating the west would usher in Cold War 2.0(or has it already,pentagon papers and all) except with higher stakes,in the end military dominance matters as much as economic. I don't think anyone aims for perfection but a 90%+ true blocks and less than 5% false would be a high standard. > Communities can elect and impeach their own mods by voting. Fyi, impeach means to hold a trial not to kick them out. On this point I have to disagree. Democracy does not work well in foss communities and can easily be hijacked and makes it to easy to foster strife and divisions. I like the traditional foss way of being led by a BDFL where if you disagree with leadership you can "Just fork it". This is because RHEL is an enterprise distro,mostly for servers. RHEL and even centos and fedora don't care as much as debian or ubuntu about independent individuals' desktop experience. This post makes a lot of assumptions. This is a hard one because I agree with most of OP's points but, teaching people to use a password manager is not easy,and even then , password managers on mobile devices make for a bad experience. Like it or not, people will need to memorize passwords and they will reuse password across applications and site.That's something security engineers must accept as a reality. The solution is: 1) Don't use password authentication on your site(at all) 2) Use 2FA even if you must use passwords. No one will argue that a passphrase is better than a randomly generated password if you use a password manager. But if you must remember the passwors then a passphrase is better. You're right,I was correcting a common misunderstanding. I've said it before, when it comes to mass surveillance,intentionally malicious backdoors and general societal loss of ptivacy, the solution should be primarly legislative not technical. Good example: every store with a camera uses ML to identify customers and passerby's and shares this info with 3rd parties. Should we talk about how to best facial and gait ML analysis or is the answer simply criminally outlawing this practice? Why can't I file a restraining order against big tech that states "if you identify activity and you correlate it with my identity,immediately erase it and take steps to avert similar activity data collection": because I feel bigtech's abuse of this data pauses a danger to my liberties and free excercise of my civil rights. Modern privacy laws are overdue as it is and they need to be criminal,not civil. Another one: ISPs would think twice about selling your celltower correlated location data and web/dns activity to 3rd parties if this meant jail time to the CEO. If this practice is outlawed with only fines and regulations as the penalty,the only person that can sue them is a well resourced attorney general or a very very wealthy person that can afford a multi year legal battle. Unfortunately,even when bigcorps break CFAA the FBI won't even listen to civilian complaints. That's what CEOs are for. All corporations have a structure where one person or a group of persons are accountable for decisions. For example,look at financial crimes(think Enron),executives are sent to jail all the time. This is a major societal change. I for one believe there needs to be a tangible method of payment where a 3rd party is not requried for transactions. I don't care if it's cash or some digital payment coin/card. The point is,people nees to be able to transact without a 3rd party and be able to buy physical tokens(as opposed to wire transfers and digital tokens). People are too careless when changing fundamental aspects of their society. Payments can be made convenient,peer to peer and have a small amount of participation barriers. What if civilians used surveilance tech against politicians and prominent law enforcers? I think the best way to regulate this is to turn the table against them. This is great. Expect adversarial conditions once malware start using it. These days though,bypassing behaviorial detection is the biggest challenge imo(think great firewall of china). This helps because the traffic would be classified legitimate at the begining of the session. But things like disproportional upstream traffic would make it easy to detect. I don't know much about webrtc but if it is(or becomes) common to do bidirectional media streaming over it,this tunnel would be ideal combined with stream encryption. Pentesters take note,try your next exfil using this nifty tool :) Bricking every intel cpu,Using a likely 0 day in JunOS and ASR routers to make them all inoperable for a few days,similar wipe outs of cloud provider infrastructure come to mind. But if I was the well resourced attacker I would use multiple teams and target a diverse variety of important services and infrastructure and coordinate an phased long term(weeks) attack. I would not cripple the internet as a whole,especially social media. In battle,hiding your location and intent is crucial to victory. Social media would play a critical role in sowing confusion amidst the chaos. Isolate part of the country and spread a message that some internal political group (antifa or alt-right for example) launched a physical WMD attack,use access to fortune 500 company networks to send emails and other communication indicating internal collapse of the companies,one corp is going bankrupt,another has been lying about profits is under SEC investigation. Chaos after chaos. The goal of a "cyber 9/11" would not be to cripple the internet but (imho)rather to exploit it to acheive three independent goals: 1) Long term (multi?)National and Economical instability and possibly collapse. 2) Make the internet as it stands today a mortal threat to society. 3) As a precursor to a physical invasion. The kinetic attack would be only of the many rumors and reports being circulated. Any and all damage to your enemy's communications brings you one step closer to victory with minimal effort. More on goal #2: The goal of 9/11 was not to kill some americans. The goal was to destabilize the west by attacking important symbols of economic and political prosperity. It worked,economy was only momentarily destabilized but 17 years later america and the west are grappling to keep their democracies and basic freedoms. The goal of terrorism is to terrorize not to merely kill(which is why mass shooters are not labeled terrorists,their intent is murder not change through terror). A Cyber 9/11 would have similar goals where the intent is to change and cause long term weakening of the adversary. What makes the internet strong is not BGP,DNS and secure operating systems. It's the fact that people trust it for reliable and resilient communication and governments view it as a strength to their political and economical stability as opposed to a dangerous liability. The goal of terrorism is to change your beliefs so that fear resulting from the attack changes your policy and principles. Excellent reading. In my experience,internal politics is the greatest threat against companies. Most of us here can walk into most companies and engineer end to end encrypted,least access,zero trust,mfa authenticated network using strictly foss tools and methodologies. Question: Who will let you? No joke,OP wasn't exaggerating about how easy most of his pentests are. Most companies throw money at it,do risk analysis and say "hmm,this is enough,a compromise is tolerable". IMO, when it rains,it pours. Risk analysis only tells you what the risk is based on known data. Unknown unknowns will be your doom. Best to build things right even without an incentive. I worked with those devices. Things like icmp responses and ttl expired packet make it to the control plane cpu iirc. I was thinking more of a worm that would gain access to everything via internet exchanges ,propagatig through bgp sessions and such. Also, didn't know those backdoors in zte/huawei were a thing. But they do tend to have hardcoded creds "for support". Depends on your perspective,they acted on behalf islamic states,although not directly supported. Their backing isn't as important as their intent. For example,North Korea supports APT groups that operate with loose connections to Pyongyang,it's rumored one of these groups(Lazarus?) Was behind the Sony hacks which were effectively a much smaller act of cyber terrorism. They attacked to terrorize Sony into changing its repease of a movie mocking their leader. Why were there no military actions against russia for DNC hacks then? Sure,they might bomb a few useless places if a 3rd world country did it. But the US will need to weigh the cost of attacking countries like China,N Korea,Russia or any one of the currently US allied western european and some asian countries like Japan and Vietnam. Good chance the attackers deny relationship with the Gov't,US will respond with just air strikes and sanctions. If N Korea caused something like the 2008 crash,is it worth a regional nuclear war by invading them? You're also assuming it's just one country that will attack and they haven't already prepared an invasion against mainland US Even something like vietnam would be very difficult now with all the internal division and the prelude strife they'll cause. Heh,google's entire business model is sharing your data with third parties. Is it better because they filter out some details? Also,Chrome might be more secure from a vulnerability point of view but browser exploits(exploit kits) are not a very common means of deploying malware these days. They tend to focus on IE and flash these days: https://blog.malwarebytes.com/threat-analysis/2018/03/exploi... The dutch literally watched the russians over cctv cameras(apt28). Yeah,one provider does that to the net,exposing their network which includes their IX router which connects to your IX router which connects to the IX lan. Heck,a well resourced attacker can peer with you on the IX lan just so he can attack you. You specifically want Linux so I would skip all the generic or cisco focused books. Have you read LDD3? http://www.makelinux.net/ldd3/ ,chapter 17 specifically. It's difficult to learn the Linux network stack without knowing C as well. If I target users based on a specific criteria and I know they came from google then that information about them is passed. Raw data isn't much use anyways,that's why google and fb aren't afraid to share with users what they collect. The analysis and targrting donewith that data is what users should be concerned about. First,HN isn't a good place to seek help regarding you suicidal thoughts,which you should definetly see someone about. You're over estimating too many things and using too much emotion in your analysis. Objectively speaking,you should define your life goals first and evaluate your abilities. In my opinion,for "modern" or any other life,your career is primarily important to take care of yourself and your dependents. Even homeless people lead a life worth living. Life can always get worse or better. Yes,natural abilities are imoortant but perseverance and wit are more decisive in succeeding(even in programming). Therein lies your weakness based on what I gather from your question. The fact that you gave up to easily and didn't attempt to at least "fake it till you make it" is a big problem. I don't consider myself talented in STEM either but I am confident I can debug myself out of a segfault most days,primarily because of the ridiculous amount of time I spent with C and gdb debugging simple code mistakes. I don't know if I'd make a good programmer but since they want uni education in compsci,I focused in IT fields which is working out great for me. In the end,I think you'll do fine in general. I don't know if STEM or compsci is for you based on what you mentioned but my advice is to at least persistently pursue your dreams. I would also highly recommend investing in relationships with people(personal,academic and professional) life is too hard on your own. Is argon2 NIST approved? Can't say "military grade encryption" otherewise. /S Why didn't they just hash all the words they type if you must(maybe bloom filter?) It's a tricky issue. I think you mean privacy implications,I don't see how this would add security risk. For privacy,loading third party fonts like google fonts on your site allows the 3rd party(google) to track users. To avoid that,I try to load google fonts from my domain(and for performance when google is slow or unreachable). Arguably,if your site already uses google fonts,putting cloudflare between google and users reduces the amount of tracking users are exposed to. One might also say how privacy conscious site owners should avoid both google and cloudflare. I'm afraid not. Usually,some app like facebook is involved. You can search for news articles on the subject and see other people's report as well. Not only do they collect voice without consent,personal experience tells me they're also sharing it with usgov(not elaborating on that). Experience is the best evidence. Give me a better reasonable explanation then? Why do you think it's a conspiracy theory? There are lawsuits[1] and news articles on this. Someone really screwed up at facebook? Have you read the news recently? They lie through their teeth to their owm shareholders and customers! If I had to guess they merely transcribe audio on the device and send keywords for ad targeting and other nefarious uses. They can claim there is no "recording" since audio isn't stored anywhere. Honestly,I think this is fairly harmless if you compare it to some of the other more serious conspiracy theories. Remember how NSA's surveillance was also a conspiracy theory? IMO,it's a double edged sword for them,they do this sort of crooked business for law enforcent and intelligence community but they also profit by exploiting this for revenue generation. [1] http://digg.com/2017/facebook-phone-microphone-ads You're forgetting user agent strings as well. On mobile,They tell google the exact device make and model and in case of in-app browsers the specific app and version. You would use a unique hash key for a user's password. You'll only have to hash each word with that unique hash key once. And ideally cache the hashing and prehash known words. Yeah,can't see sunstring matching working. Your question should include a link describing what starlink is for the uninitiated. Arguably legal thanks to FISA court orders that benefit Google and usgov? Where blame can be placed on "coercion" by US intel community? Firefox has a checkbox to force DNS through the tunnel. Also,turn on dns over https in firefox and it won't do DNS lookups. I don't know if plugins are allowed to interface with host system's network stack,but if they're not then even plugins may not be able to bypass. I don't get why you think such rules exist in war. In wars of disagreements you can talk about geneva convention and what not but when you're literally saving your people from death and mass rape-murder(nanjing massacare) the only surprise is how lenient the US was. The fact that the US hangs around a country aftet wars to help rebuild and control/stabilize the postwar government should also be considered. For future security,vengeance and a lesson to others it would be the typical route to commit genoicide and eradicate the germans,japanese and italians or at least permanently displace them from their homeland (which is what happens historically). The lesson here isn't how the US should or shouldn't have used nukes or how terrible the Japanese and Germans were. The lesson behind ww2 is it shouldn't happen again. Period. This is what happens in full on wars. Drill into your childrens minds the horrors of war so they're careful to never let it happen again. We now have the US,Russia and China yet again setting themselves on a global collision course. Americans don't know ww2 well enough to avert a repeat of it. They elect hitler like madmen,extremists and are perfecectly with spending 20% of the gdp on defence in times of peace. Russians who suffered more than americans in ww2 support a trigger happy egotistical leader. Horrors of ww2 should be shown to children with explicit detail. We need adults that understand what war means. I'll tell you another thing,the US and most nuclear powers would not hesitate to change the rules and use a nuke again to avert losing a war. First use policy only applies when you're not getting invaded or a significant number of civilians killed. Haha,this is kovter. It's a slick malware,always found the infection interesting. It's fileless and uses javascript to start mshta which executes powershell from the registry and so on. It was one of my favs, happy-sad they took it down. They still fingerprint your browser. I hope there are better protections against that but also,things like mobile device details in user agents would no longer be sent to the server. https://www.domains4bitcoins.com/ Working with email,this such a painful thing to deal with. The IMAP legacy is all over outlook and email security/middleware appliances. Vulnerability is not lack of security. You need a threat actor exploiting the weakness for it to become actual insecurity. Windows itseld is a proprietary software. MS Defender does an ok job but for most malware that target consumers,those av softwares are not a negative. As a techie you might have nation state actors employing sophisticated attacks or corpirations spying on users. But the most immediate threat to consumers are things like phishing attacks,ransomware and banking trojans. There are a lot if automated scanners (mostly openvas,sqlmal and the like) that are continually scanning internet targets. Attack does not equate breach of security. I did not define vulnerability,I only explained security. This is security101. Risk is measured by multiplying vulnerability by threat. Maybe an analogy might help. You are vulnerable to bullets. But your security with respect to your bullet vulnerability is measured by multiplying it against active threats that might shoot you with bullets. So,your security decreases when in a warzone as opposed to lying in bed at your suburban house due to reduction of threat. Are you redefinig the field of information security? Please read some basic material on information risk and security. I mean,even just reading vulnerability bulletins and CVE descriptions should familiarize you with explotability and complexity of attack,they exist to help remediators prioritize more insecure vulns. Quick example: 'ls' has an easily exploitable code execution vuln. On a shared terminal server,this vuln translates to severe loss of security. On a firewall,this is nothing more than a house keeping item with no real loss of security as there are no threats that can run 'ls'. Look,the concept is not subjective. I didn't say a threat actor,I said threat. I highly recommend looking these things up on your own but the goal of Information security is to reduce the risk that vulnerabilities will be exploited to where a breach of your security goals occurs(i.e.:CIA triad,confidentiality,integrity and availability mostly). It's not to make your system impregnable to all conceivable attacks. My electric company should have well resourced nation state actors as part of their threat model. They should not only remediate known vulns,they should also employ EDR solutions that perform ML and behavioral detections/preventions. They should be part of their industry ISAC for threat intel sharing (which includes 0days) as well as have a comprehensive threat hunting and incident response program. Your average consumer,howevet has different types of data and attackers to worry about. A banking trojan cleaning out your account,ransomware demanding payment for your family pictures, an ex installing RATs to monitor what you do are what consumers are threatened with. Being attackable is not insecurity Right now you're attackable by an endless list of threats. Your local gang,serial killers,crazy people who shoot up schools,terrorists,etc... But your security is measured by a number of factors including where you live,what you're doing and specific attacker's cost-benefit analysis of attacking you. Ok,better analogy:There's a 0day vulnerability in a specific device driver you happen to be using,crafting a workable exploit requires a significant amount of skill and the exploit can only work under specific configurations. A well organized and talent-resourced attacker performing targeted attacks would exploit the vulnerability. Realistically,you'll have to take into account the likelihood of someone exploiting this vulnerability when prioritizing remediation(grading insecurity). A simpler example: apache2 has a RCE but known exploits require PIE disabled for an exploit to work. You have one apache server in a segregated vlan that is facing your admin vlan with PIE enabled. In contrast you have an IIS server with DOS vuln facing the internet. The IIS server is more insecure because there is a significantly higher likelihood of a security compromise(availability) against it and the org will face reputational and revenue(?) Impact. The whole point I want youbto get is that real (in)security is context aware. I like Brendan Gregg's specials: http://www.brendangregg.com/specials.html /bin/maybe,/dev/notrandom and the ishadm(information super highway admin) come to mind :) Google tracks you anways. Do that in a VM over a dedicated vpn. The problem is legal,your local law needs to prohibit non-consent user tracking of any form. Or blue. It's cool. It's what the cool hackers like,accept it! :P Yay for MS and boo Amazon. I agree. But the root cause of the problem is legal. No matter how you try to analyse this,it's a social problem and society is governed by laws through government not by corporate policies through megacorps. America's democracy is not agile. It cannot adopt to rapid changes in society and advancements in technology. America desperately needs legal reform starting from the constitution. For this issue in particular,why aren't lawmakers passing laws in favor of the public? I don't want this to be up to Microsoft feeling like a good "corporate citizen" today,the government is supposed to be for the people,by the people and of the people. You what concerns me and should scare every american? What if everyone is running around trying to fix the symptoms while ignoring the elephant in the room,a disease at the heart of american democracy. What if by the time people get around to try and fix the disease(root cause) it's too late? Surprised arxix is only 22. This is corporate america in general. I am and have been in that position a few times. It's so demotivating but fortunately I got into this line of work out of passion which I haven't lost. Doesn't matter what they pay or what you get to do. Second class is second class. TVCs are there to support full time's,never really part of the team. I wonder how leader's think. To me it's like playing chase except all your pawns are contractors or going to war with enlisted soldiers beinf contracted mercenaries from a neutral country. But it seems to be working out for them, at least in the near term. It should be if the press isn't afraid to do their job because of Google's far reaching influence. Solaris I meant the OS. Afaik,opensolaris was open source but solaris itself had closed source components,illumos and the rest ate forks not maintained and supported versions of solaris Maybe the disagreement is over what "free and open internet" means. Imo,it does not mean an internet governed by rules that supersede local laws and norms. Free means additional restrictions on lawful self-expression should not be imposed and it also means freedom for site owners and content creators,not just content consumers. It means content providers are free to exclude anyone for any lawful reason. I think you might be confusing free as in freedom from free as in no cost to consumers. Open means initial access to content should not be for a select group of people but for everyone. It also means content producers have open access to content consumers. Both consumers and producers can restrict access at will(for example content moderation or DNT requests). For media companies,a free and open internet means a wide reach to consumers. If you meant free as in financial cost,it all depends on their business model. Ad supported is one model,another would be to use the free content as bait that lures consumers to a revenue generating product,be it premium content,premium experience and features or goods. For the whole "russian trolls" issue,being free and open isn't what allowed the problem. "Russian trolls" can pay for oremium content and find ways to access restricted content and post messages masquerading as allowed users. Imo,user targeted advertising is the problem. "Russian trolls" would not be all that effective if they were not able to target specific groups of people and exploit their biases. I think content-targeting (see what duckduckgo does) has a strong case against user-targeting. It maybe less profitable but it is stable and most reliable in the long term. I see a promising future for content being supported by premium users and content targeting and a bleak future for the dystopian corporate surveillance madness. No,it says "Kybernetes" You should blog up your learning journey. It might encourage others. Bleeping computer does not work on my mobile phone,says I'm not authorized to view the community... Anyways,USGOV needs a wake up call,they run secure networks as if they're a secure version of a corporate network. Even private sector giants like fb and google have moved to zero trust ,whitebox network gear and u2f for everyone. Simply not using windows would be a great advantage to them. Their biggest challenge imo is attracting talent that has the degrees,can get clearance,will work for terrible pay and is morally amiguous enough to not mind the executive branch's administration. They really need a dedicated agency that contracts IT work to all other government branches and can be operated as to attract people with passion for IT. Thanks a lot,didn't know about STIGs. I knew they used smart cards for pentagon and DoD but wasn't sure if that covered the rest of the secure and classified federal networks. Even then, it looks to me like they're excellent at policy making and paperwork but they're not innovating new solutions or solutions customized to their needs. For example, fb runs whitebox network gear,guaranteed that won't happen at DoD. In Infosec I think agility and adoptability is very important. I get what you're saying but a country is sovreign from othets and corporations don't get to decide what's acceptable in a country. It comes down to this imo: will the product be used in ways that are morally wrong? Or will it be used in ways which are legally wrong or socially unacceptable? I agree with you that a company should not sell their products to enable a moral wrong in any country. However, free speech and oppression of democracy is not a moral wrong. "Free speech" in the west means the Government shouldn't censor speech,this is a relativly new concept almost unheard of in history. It certainly isn't a human right. If a legitimate government of a country censors speech they're merely excercising their authority unless their laws restrict them from doing so as in the west. Whatever your view may be, a corporation does not get to decide social norms and what should be legal in any country. This excellent,can't have enough articles like this. Reminds me of all the corelan.be articles that cover similar topics. The utopian answer would be "everyone else". My ideal solution would use Layer 3 multicast and Layer 7 anycast heavily where content is initially hosted on your device but scales with popularity by becoming available on the nearest node near the client within the client's multicast group. I think this problem is difficult because people want decentralization from the start. Why would I pay for hosting or transporting random content I don't care for. I believe IPFS (and bittorrent) have the scale-up decentralization where only one node hosts the content intially with gradual adoption scaling availability. Due to assymetric wan networks and traffic throttling/shaping I think hierarchial grouping of nodes is required,especially when considering low latency applications. I wasn't refering to what the UN thinks but what is universally accepted as rights humans have. For example liberty isn't a human right,neither is equal treatment. But food,shelter,dignity are human rights. These are rights humans get just for being human this includes prisoners,soldiers and the like. If you say freedom of expression is a human right,then how come no soldier or prisoner is afforded that right? Did they forfeit their humanity? If so,by what authority did they forfeit their own humanity? I should have clarified then,I meant morally wrong according to the the moral views of the person claiming wrong was done. If I argue Google is wrong for moral reasons then I need to argue as to why my standard of morality is accurate and applies to Google. For your second point,companies do influence policies but they have no right to force a policy. For example,Google can say "we're pulling out of country X because they don't have this policy" that's arm twisting and in disregard to the sovreignity of the country and its people. Google isn't irreplacable in China,Alibaba+tencent compete with them heavily anyways. Quite the opposite actually. No law overrides moral convictions of a person. But companies operate under the law. Where the objection is not moral legal authority must be observed and disregard for a nation's laws and customs is disregard and disrespect towards all of it's people. Where the objection is moral,if your moral worldview has an a moral authority suoerseding a nation state,that moral authority must be obeyed (for example,I have my God as an absolute moral authority with absolute authority over all things) So, it's citizens get to decide what is legal not what's moral. American law does not define morality. Based on american law,no law is being broken by Google. If you're saying it's citizens get to decide morality,then which citizens? Is morality a matter of popularity? For example some might consider Google' core business practices thar involve stalking users immoral. On a different note most adults consider adultery and greed immoral but neither is illegal and you don't see people quitting companies because the company is too greedy. Yes,eithe they're in or out. They don't get to step in half way and twist arms. A government is legitimate if it can excercise authority over its people and land. Sovreignity means even if others disagree with what a country is doing or with the way things are in a country,they have no authority to do anything about it by force. An individual may have their most basic rights violated, however everyone outside of that country lacks authority to help them. That's why countries keep militaries,to protect their sovreignity,not just borders and people. Sovreignity means they have the right to self-determination,the right to decide what they think is legal and what rights people can have and the people get to fight for what form of government they should have and how these rights and laws will be written and executed. Yes,ethnic cleasing is very wrong,however other countries lack the authority to interfere. They can however ooenly welcome and protect refugees and take diplomatic action that affect that government's relations with other governments. A comoany gets to decide whether or not they'll do business in a country after considering its laws and customs. If they decide to do business,they don't get to pick and choose which laws and customs they'll respect. Refusing to provide a particular good or service because of a local law or custom is just as bad as providing a good or service in violation of local laws and customs. Either you're in or you're out. People and forces within the country. By peace,agreement and customs or by force and warring they get to fight for and decide what their government should be like and what rights and responsibilities their people will have. You can fight where you have a right to fight. You don't get to fight for what's allowed in someone else's house. Not my definition but whatever is actually universally accepted. You'd find a large majority of people outside the west don't think free speech is a human right. Human right as in rights you have for being a human,not a membet of a specific nation or group but rights you are born with. UN defines human rights based on what member states agree is a human right based on voting and electiond. Universally means by nearly every sane and rational human,not by a simple majority. Good example: most people agree rape is wrong because it's a terrible thing to happen to person and it isn't acceptable. However,the right to not get raped is not a right you have simply for being a human but rather socieities agrees it shouldn't happen to anyone. You'd find marital rape is unprosecutable in some countries and perfectly legal in the west even in the last few centuries. I.E.: people decided it wad bad. Otoh: a person can eat(if they find food),sleep,and be alive because they're human. ELI5: what makes vaping more dangerous or concerning than say coffee or energy drinks? Can a TLS connection ever be considered end-to-end secure? I mean,it's perfectly acceptable for a middleware with a valid cert from an authorized CA to intercept the traffic before the true endpoint,not to mention loadbalancers and other possible TLS terminators. As I understand it,end-to-end means application to application (endpoint to endpoint?) with assurance to the client that no middleware can intercept traffic successfully. Always thought TLS only assured the presenter of the ServerCertificate is authenticated for the subject,that is to say the client cannot say "I am sure this is the server I meant to communicate with",it can only say "The server I'm speaking with has authority to communicate on behalf of my intended peer" I quit smoking daily (at least half a pack per day) for 3 years straight,and it was "cold turkey" as they say. Once I quit,I felt a bit uncomfortable like a very mild headache(almost background annoyance) for about two weeks and that was all there was to it. Now,I've never been addicted to caffeine even though I drink espresso shots daily for weeks and for a few more weeks might not drink any caffeine,so I have no frame of reference for comparison. Stress does still cause me to be tempted but it's no worse than being tempted to eat fast food. Correlation != Causation These types of studies are excellent for drawing a hypothesis not a conclusion like "obesetiy makes you dumber" My theory -- people eat more and excercise less due to some sort of stress. Stress that prevents engagement in activities that promote cognitive capacity or possibly even cause neural damage. But again,only guesses. The less we have publications containing only correlative conclusions,the better(imho) The difference is that one is verified by trusting the peer while the other is verified by trusting a 3rd party. So trust is me-3rd party-them. As opposed to end to end where it is me-them. If you're pinning keys/certs,who needs a CA? If you don't need a CA,who needs the complicated TLS. I'd think wide adoption of TLS is the motivation,even then...DNS over QUIC? Either way,I'm all for it,just don't think the "end to end" label is warranted. If they own the device they can install trusted root CAs that are not public or have CT logs. Anyway,question is if you can call TLS end to end or not. That's ridiculous. The popular CAs are not part of the TLS standard and neither is CT. Plenty of intranet TLS with intetnal CAs. CTs are good if the end client only uses root CAs that participate. Let's say CT solves the server authentication issues,how does does the server authenticate the client? End to end means both parties authenticate,TLS supports client authnetication but a) DNS over HTTPs isn't doing that b) even if it did there isn't CT for client certs... Yeah,but now you're talking about browsers. You and others keep telling me how secure TLS and CA pki is,I never said otherwise. It's just not end to end. The subject here is dns over https and there certainly is no client auth here. TLS provides good transport security for the client. Not end to end,as in the CA infra for client auth isn't on par and even if it was CT is not TLS protocol feature and it's up to applications to verify CT,have only good root CAs and do client certs right GMO Sheesh,just meant same thing is possible with GMO. Unintended consequences are a real thing. I'll never understand why people are emotional over GMOs like it's a political subjecr. You could query the live api: https://hacker-news.firebaseio.com/v0/updates.json?print=pre... Do this periodically and you can have user activity stats Just a thought,IC and Law Enforcement control a large number of Tor nodes. Even if Tor has no deanonymization risks,the fact that you use Tor makes you a bright red target -- by Feds and Local cops! (In US). Unless you use bridges(and even then) your ISP and Law enforcement will have you (or the subscriber of the ISP connection) listed as a Tor user. Think of it as driving on the road,you can drive a "pimped up" cadillac bouncing it all over the street -- and you have the right to do so -- but you will get pulled over and searched a lot,and hopefully all your encounters with LE will be harmless but it might not be so. Just because they leave you alone,don't assume it's because they are not monitoring you. Yeah... Peer to peer networking is distinct from client to server networking. If there are no nodes that have roles dedicated to serve content at the request of s client,its serverless. Nicotine helps witu stress and feel calmer. Why do you compare it to heroin? I mean seriously,is JUUL more harmful than fastfood? Ok,pleae explain to me why smoking marijuana and legalizing it so awesome but Vaping is terrible. Or am I missing something? Marijuna legalization is celebrated but I see vaping ads equating it to Cigarettes. Then you accept the risk associated with it. For people who need anonymity,I'd say a TLS vpn which isn't publicly listed as such would be ideal imo. My opinion is that anonymity isn't absolute and if you care about your use of anonymozing services to remain unknown as much as you want the resources you access with them to remain a secrect then the protocol should blend in with normal traffic. Consider a place like n korea,if they see someone connectig to a Tor node,that person is screwed even if he only watched cat videos with it. Or maybe even in the US,imagine a court case where your innocent usage of Tor is used to into question the legitimacy of your private activities. Its not fair to generalize,it was largely local cops that wanted craigslist shut,most of it was out of fed jurisdiction. The FBI has gone as far as letting go an accused pedophile to avoid disclosing a 0 day exploit. Sacha should have involved local cops,local prosecutors have a lot more to lose by not pursuing this. Part of me thinks maybe they just reduce it all to numbers and stats without considering how terrible and shocking crimes are. IMO I'd prefer if this sort of crime had a higher priority than terrorism and most "national security" investigations. I think the correct answer is: depends on what Christmas is to you. Is Christmas the american generic holiday or the Christian holiday celebrating the birth of the Christ? That definition makes a big difference on answering whether or not something is a Christmas thing. Hate to be a naysayer but I disagree. English is used in international dealings and is spoken in a very large number of countries due to the british empire's wide reach and influence compounded by americas dominance after WW2. Mandarin is a great language to learn in as much as Japanese,French and German are. Japan has long had a strong economy and exports a large number of goods,same with France and Germany except their colonial past and EU leadership positions makes their languages profitable to learn. China wants to influence the world and be the dominant super power. however,much like Japan and Korea,they are not interested in expanding their cultural reach. Westerners wanted everyone to dress like them,speak like them and act like them -- the "civilized" way. Sharing your culture eventually leads to immigration and the cultural influence of others impacting yours. Their ambition is purely for the success and prosperity of their own people,not a "manifest destiny" conquest and as such I strongly suspect they have little desire to force others to speak mandarin. What I'm trying to say is that while Mandarin has good ROI if you learn it,even 50 years from now it will likely still be comparable to learning French,German,Arabic and similar languages,and even then only if you deal with international trade and relations (or read tech/science publications -- seen some great write ups from Korean and Japanese security researchers FYI). Mandarin should not be thought of a replacement for english but rather a complement. I can see a future where people speak both languages for academia and international relations. Yeah, and there are a large number of americans that watch Christian/Biblical movies and consider those to be more Christian. Otoh,there are also a lot of people that think hallmark movies are Christmas movies while some disagree. It's a celebration,societal consensus is not needed to determine how smaller groups of people want to celebrate it. Lets not force our celebrations on each other. My definition is the latter but I don't care one bit if others watch die hard and home alone while I watch the Gospel of John or something that has nothing to do with Christmas. You too :) They're empires. They're end of nations in as much as empires were. Even if a country ends,a nation persists (look at Jewish and Roma people as an example). A nation ends if the people intermix ad intermarry with others. Just a note,cylance is infamous for false positives. "Only a problem if you have a solution" is what they say. Unfortunate but true. What now? Time for sun cost fallacy Thinking a lot does that. It's not just searching for meaning of life and a higher purpose but also realizing how this is the only life you get to have and it is very short. I'd compare people who do this to suiciders,they've both contemplated their current lives intolerable and found a way out: One way is through it,the other is around and both routes are one-way. This is too much. Uncrossable lines must be drawn immediately. Humanity cannot afford to "wing it" when it comes to ethics and morality at this scale. There needs to be clear lines where crossing means the highest criminal consequence to the researcher. And people funding it. And it needs to be a global effort. Everything needs a balance.