The data on importation makes no sense at all. There should have been a HUGE drop in arrivals of slaves at US ports after 1808, when importation was banned. The animation shows no visible drop at all, instead showing a roughly flat rate through the Civil War. Dial-a-Ride was a horrendous failure in Santa Clara County despite the faint critical tone of this article. How it works among a small and/or dense population is another story. My late father was a leading critic of Dial-a-Ride at the time, mustering his considerable organizational analysis skills to show just how unworkable it was even in the most perfect scenario. To wit: imagine an assortment of riders all lying roughly in a long line across the valley with a common destination. Even in that case, the transit time for the first boarder from origin to destination would be at least 10-15 TIMES direct door-to-door time, or at least 3-4 times as long as taking existing bus routes with transfers (if needed). In a small town with a well-bounded small center of commerce and residences, sure, that could work. Here's a postmortem analysis from Stanford: http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2FBF00165244 VTA's current farebox recovery rate is below 15% and, to my knowledge, has not ever been better than that. oh, there was a handful of tall buildings (I recall seeing the Community Bank and Bank of America buildings using a telescope from the eastern hills), but there was never sufficient density of population or workforce for transit to be cost-effective. The (lack of) such commonality was key. SCCTA/VTA's infrastructure was always politically oriented, not need-based. Note how Mineta obtained hundreds of millions of Federal funding for light rail along the Mountain View/Sunnyvale corridor (despite mass reductions of workforce in the area at the time from Lockheed and the Blue Cube)... then quit his House seat early and joined Lockheed Martin's executive ranks. But I'm sure that was just coincidence. This reminds me of when I was a staff Consultant at an RDBMS company 25 years ago. A major telecom company was getting crashes in the server because of alleged I/O errors (mostly writes) in the raw i/o version of the server (no filesystem)... just a few times per several hundred thousand (or million) transactions. Subsequent disk and controller diagnostics were always fine. (This was before any fault tolerance was programmed into the server... my code for this problem was the first ever.) Most failures were writes, a few were reads. No obvious pattern (time of day, load, transaction type, lunar phase, sunspots, strength of coffee, etc.) This was on a DEC with Unix System V and DEC disk hardware, so only one vendor to deal with. Anyway, seeing nothing "wrong" with the related code (other than no tolerance for error codes from the raw i/o calls), I theorized that maybe the "errors" were spurious and no actual fault or corruption was resulting, so I wrapped the i/o calls in retry loops (with the number of retry attempts tunable by the user) and logged any "failures" and results of the retry attempts. So, I did a build with my changes, had the customer run from my directory, then wait and watch for the carnage... Turns out that every retry was successful. In fact, all but one of the dozen or two per day was successful on first try, and none needed more than two. No actual flaw in data was ever found. Anyway, it turned out to be some spurious error specific to a specific drive type with that specific controller running that specific firmware... and apparently their filesystems code knew to work around it. Client site personnel were really nice to me, too. "In this query, we get (sic) all the users with the name 'jorge' are queried and then ordered in descending order by age." Am I missing something, or should that say "ASCending" ? This article is so laden with flawed reasoning and factual errors, I wonder if its specific goal is to troll for hits. With respect to (un)employment, labor is a MARKET and always behaves as such -- the interplay of supply and demand, when not artificially constrained, set prices. For all his rants about the "American Founders" insisting on freedom to act on one's own judgment, he seems to forget about those 85 years of legal slavery. Anyway, regarding some utter falsehoods in his rants... for example, "before the 1920s, there were no limits on immigration" ignores both limits by statute (e.g. the Chinese Exclusion Act; the Scott Act; Immigration Acts of 1882, 1903, 1917, 1918; the Naturalization Act of 1906) and practice (opposition to immigration by group, from the Irish to Italians to Slavs and Asians). As for "given a constant money supply, nominal wage rates fall. But real wage rates rise, because total output has gone up", I'm utterly baffled what he means. I'm used to "real wages" meaning wages adjusted for inflation. His praise of the 1920s bubble economy completely ignores the subsequent Great Depression. His ludicrous claim that the U.S. is "underpopulated" totally ignores the scarcity of critical resources in supporting our CURRENT population, especially water (existing aquifers are being depleted at current population). etc. I find irony in the fact that this page purports to preach about web optimization, yet its text doesn't even display properly on Chrome. (The larger blue font content is utterly misplaced and unreadable) Are London black-cab operators still required to learn "The Knowledge" (exhaustive detailed geography and traffic patterns) to get a license? I'm guessing that Uber drivers are not. >Get shot as an Uber driver, everyone feels sorrry (sic), but it's the shooter's fault rather than Uber's But this policy change could now expose them -- since Uber explicitly forbids the driver from carrying for self-defense, its policy guarantees a defenseless victim. Exactly. Does Uber then have a rule that a driver may refuse a passenger who has a weapon on his person or in his luggage, and will it prevent such a denied passenger from downrating the driver? I doubt it. Oh, there's clearly a way to productize a particularly obnoxious (and increasingly common) behavior among ethically-challenged ticket buyers, telling them what (high-quality) seats are unlikely to be occupied at a given event. Say, for example, there is a set of front-row seats for an NBA playoff game currently unsold. The seller may have them listed on Stubhub, or NBAtickets.com (AKA TicketExchange/Ticketsnow), or on Ticket Network, or any combination of those or other resale sites. With all Stubhub instant-fulfillment listings and TicketExchange listings, the details of the seats are listed right down to the seat numbers . So, an aggregating mobile app could scan the primary sites to harvest unsold listing details as the event approaches (or, in the case of Stubhub, most events for which they don't control ticketing stay up for up to an hour after the start time) and tell the user that those seats are unsold (and therefore unlikely to be legitimately occupied). Sadly, this is going on right now - there are third party sites which are scanning prime unsold seats and taking existing valid cheap-seat tickets and editing the section and row details to match the unsold listing,then selling those cheap seats as the better seats. I have experienced this firsthand with my own Sharks club seats. This fraud problem (and other extensions of this tactic that the reader can easily guess) is exploding and will continue to do so as long as idiot venues stick with PDF (or other user-editable) ticketing and lax seat piracy enforcement. Meanwhile, the New Yorker is oddly mute on the 120+ “homicide-related offenses” known to be committed by persons illegally present in the USA (and pending deportation who were released anyway) in the past 5 years alone... or the 34+ murders per month in Chicago. Even if English is not his first language, one would think that he could use a basic spellcheck tool against his self-promoted page. ("Competititve"?) Well, Stubhub would seem to be an obvious candidate. New management could make it much more profitable (e.g. add price floors like the other official resale marketplaces), but they would also face a potential avalanche of fraud cases they aren't prepared for. The Dolphin browser. Because of the almost universally sloppy implementations of mobile sites by the e-commerce sites I use most frequently, I've tried every browser I can find that allows configuration as a Desktop user agent AND have it used as such. For a while, I've been using Opera. But some sites still treat its user agent (interpreted as Linux by most other sites) as mobile. Stubhub, in particular, does this, and their mobile pages are dumbed down to utter uselessness. Dolphin gives me normal desktop functionality and works well with most sites I've tried, tvguide.com being one exception. Although I loathe both Monsanto's corporate behavior in general and the taste of aspartame specifically (I use stevia), it struck me that many of the statements in this article are ripped straight from the assortment of anti-aspartame hysteria sites (holisticmed, Betty Martini et al)... right down to duplicating the same typos ("one main health effects", "Reagans’", "it’s (sic) safety", and the rather obvious " We have written"). The user is presented with a ready-made ISO image, yet the writer finds using it to be "deeply arcane, difficult and problematic"? Wow. Had he shown up at old-school Linux copyfests and installfests, he'd probably have us participants all burned as witches. This is the eleventh time this has been submitted to HN in the past 2 days, under varying titles. Why again? I think it's intellectually dishonest to change the title and thereby imply something that the data does not say at all. The data for the first chart is specific to political contributions reported to FEC and is totally unattributed with respect to scope or date range . The second chart, "Which way does your occupation lean?", references no data source at all . Yet again, both sources exhibit the same problem. They are cooking the data. I've worked with voter data a lot over the years, both on the registration/turnout side and the contributions side. The "occupation" field is just a self-assigned 35 character text field, lacking a discrete set of predefined titles to choose from. The data referred to here represent the authors pooling a semi-random assortment of descriptions into specific buckets of their definition (for example, very few FEC entries actually say "Beer wholesaler", since people performing that role would use any of 5-10 different terms in preference, given that such wholesalers almost never limit themselves to just beer... and I doubt that a statistically significant population actually records its occupation as, literally, "cattle feeder"). Point being, trying to make general inferences from unattributed, cooked data is more parody than news. By the say, can anybody get that search box on the WP page to do anything? It does nothing for me on either IE or Chrome. clickbait fail Why would you bring your partner into a "failed state?" Romani ite domum! why isn't the #1 reason to avoid introducing regressions , i.e. changing a behavior that (even if it runs contrary to spec or documentation) existing users/applications rely on, knowingly or unknowingly? In such cases, fixes shouldn't be rejected per se but instead be deferred until the full impact on existing code bases can be estimated. Such a fix should be deferred to the next major release AND the user base notified that the change in behavior is coming (and/ ideally, give affected users a way to check their apps for reliance on that soon-to-end behavior and/or provide a backward-compatibility switch to retain the old behavior long enough to get affected apps converted). Few things alienate your existing user base more than having long-working applications suddenly broken by "fixes" whose implications were not warned of in (at least) release notes. I think people will feel safer if you direct them to get it via the Play store, where people can expect it to have been vetted a bit. Search on "brain.cards" in quotes. a warning: the volume on this is REALLY. LOUD. He says he used an "old" Windows 7 machine in creating the bootable USB3 stick... but did that old machine and its drivers even properly support USB3? He then gripes about the relative ease of use of Linux in contrast to Windows 10... but nowhere does he say that he used a USB3 stick with the Linux prep also. Is he comparing apples to oranges? Has the author done a Windows 7 or 8 install from scratch to allow a basis for comparison to Win10-specific complaints? (Frankly, I find Windows 8/8.1 factory installs to be more messed up than any install/upgrade I've done from scratch... including MSXML missing, and "class not registered" errors on every first backup attempt.) "a clean install should be so incredibly smooth that the most basic of users can do it." That's ridiculous. A "clean" install (at least one intended for any end-user population) has a very complex path to traverse. First, it has to check for existing partitioning, O/S content and version, and the presence of any user data files so that the installing party has the option of 1) aborting the install, in case he wasn't aware of legacy content on the drive(s), and 2) whether to do an update-install (preserving user data files) or a destructive install. If this install is going on a bare, never-formatted drive, then I think that hardly applies to the "ordinary (non-computer-savvy) people" case... as I think such a user would be daunted by having to decide partitioning, boot record placement, reservations for recovery or other proprietary partitions, swap space, etc. Now, an intelligent install can give suggested configurations based on available space and scope of features being installed, as any good Linux distro does... but I think a total beginner will be given pause by the prompt to confirm that they are destroying all existing data... and rightfully so. I'd really like an attribution of the "based on science" claim... because this appears to be based on 30-year-old science, to consider this as "high-intensity". Now, the stated movements can all be useful , certainly, but "high-intensity exercise" has a very specific meaning in exercise science: anaerobic exercise that boosts metabolism, VO2MAX, and anaerobic capacity. There is very interesting new research in this area, including the discovery of genetics-based degrees of response to both HIT/HIIT and conventional aerobic exercise. A good primer for laymen: http://www.wgbh.org/programs/The-Truth-About-Exercise-With-M... The Bath study: http://opus.bath.ac.uk/27674/3/Metcalfe_et_al_2011.pdf in his zeal to repeat his unproven tautology over and over again, the author completely contradicts himself in the fifth paragraph ("I have made my case..."): " I believe there is really no downside to becoming a Type #2 person and only upside." Um, what ? I'm guessing that sentence should say "#1" instead of "#2"... but given that the whole entry leads into an ad, I guess it doesn't matter. Maybe your average HN reader has better critical thinking skills than the average consumer of mass media groupthink. Why, for example, is the Charleston tragedy more of a "race-persistent issue" than the almost two hundred people (mostly young black men) who have been murdered in Chicago alone in the past 6 months alone? Who is really "oblivious" here is left as an exercise for the reader. This was already posted multiple times: The US Navy's warfare systems command is paying to stay on Windows XP 27 points deepuj 3 hours ago 21 comments ( http://www.itworld.com/article/2939255/windows/the-us-navys-... ) The US Navy's warfare systems command just paid millions to stay on Windows XP 1 points rl3 10 hours ago 0 comments ( http://www.itworld.com/article/2939255/windows/the-us-navys-... ) The US Navy's warfare systems command just paid millions to stay on Windows XP 7 points cyberviewer 13 hours ago 2 comments ( http://www.networkworld.com/article/2939254/the-us-navys-war... ) The US Navy's warfare systems command just paid millions to stay on Windows XP 2 points kw71 a day ago 1 comment ( http://www.itworld.com/article/2939255/windows/the-us-navys-... ) Am I blind, or does this article only name two of these companies? And is "click" that difficult to spell correctly? Really? The fact that the poster here manufactured a title different from that of the article to imply some failing on Gindal's part betrays prejudice. I get "An error occurred while processing your request." on both Chrome and IE. This article completely ignores the key problem: distribution (transportation). Your source material is the ocean. Your consumers are well inland. In California, for example, you'd have to build a complete Eastbound set of pipelines and distribution mechanisms... and do it across the coastal mountains. Or, transport by roads, resulting in both added pollution and fatal damage to your cost model. Now, there would be localized useful cases, such as farms in the Watsonville corridor and coastal municipal water districts, but there is no economy of scale. The most direct application would be a pipeline leading from the desalination plant to the nearest point that you could feed water into a major aquifer, replenishing it. why did you create multiple threads two minutes apart for this?? How bad is your business model if it drives you to spam here? What, no tent?? Given the lack of details about grading/sources/plantations of the underlying teas, I doubt that knowledgeable tea drinkers would make use of this. I just know I'm going to forget and write "July 1" on all the checks I write then anyways You misuse the "Show HN:" tag to lead people to your home page... which then doesn't even load on Chrome? "The ZIP+4 code was implemented when it became difficult to sort mail based only on traditional ZIP codes, but it never quite caught on." This is totally false. Zip+4 addressing (and, for bulk mail, presorting by Zip+4) is required for the best mail rates. Zip+4 is generally not written in by the consumer (I do, but I'm a geek who's done mailhouse work), but it's endemic otherwise. I bet a fair share of any reader's outbound mail here uses zip+4 as well - just look at the return envelopes/labels for bills, etc. that are done via mail. Venus appears to be the only thing keeping Mars and Jupiter from going to war. Well, that and the asteroid belt. "You do not have permission to preview drafts." tested on IE and Chrome. Your monthly bill is more or less the same every month, right? Then how did you ignore the fact that your "total due" for 6/1 was artificially low due to the misapplied payment? I think "admitted" is an unfair characterization. Experts and leaders from all over the world were telling the Greek government that their projections on economic growth, on which their paper solvency depended, were unrealistically high. site doesn't load on Chrome or IE Did you log in to your private email using their computer or network? " loneliness and social isolation is eradicated." Your product eradicates the sense of isolation of lacking physical presence? This reminds me of the Monty Python sketch: "This is a dog license, with the word "dog" crossed out and "cat" written in in crayon. " The same article ( exact same, not a different agency) was already posted twice... yet you change the title to put it through a third time? Was that before or after the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor? "Yes, I think this is an important article for Americans to read, and it hasn't yet received any significant discussion on the site." Problem being, if it is, in fact, worthy of discussion here, there are three different discussion threads for this article... and a given reader is unlikely to see more than one. For example, your extensive comment on copy #2 goes unseen by those reading comments for this copy only... as most readers would. But this runs in direct opposition to the title-matching rejection algorithm that is in place. (If posters preserve an article title properly, their attempts to repost are intercepted and redirected to the predecessor.) If it is intended that duplicates be allowed, then perhaps the discussion threads for such duplicates should be merged together, rather than getting such posters in the habit of not honoring original titles. Not every reader has the flag option available. Also, there should be a distinction between "I'm flagging because this content does not belong or is spam" versus "I'm flagging because this is the 8th copy of it in the 50 most recent postings." The only hitch will be perfecting teleportation. If his architecture content was so high-quality, why was he laid off and unable to find work in his field elsewhere? This is the eighth time this same link has been posted in the last 3 days... the fifth time with the exact same title . it's also been posted to HN 8 times already. Problem is, for Daylight Saving Time adjustments, you need an 8" floppy drive Fun FAIL: try using the URL without a (SQL, Linux, etc) category: http://xquizzes.com/programming/ Here's a bit I had forgotten about: an "appearance" on Letterman in advance of the TV show in the U.S.: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eoqMSr1H1ek I thought it was "March comes in like a lion and goes out like a lamb." The article would have been better titled, "Pricing of artificial light through history," since its scope is limited to monetary cost. When I saw "cost", I thought it might be about (or, at least, include a discussion of ) the environmental and health effects of artificial light, such as problems with dark-sky astronomical viewing and disruption of natural sleep cycles. It would also have been interesting to include artificial lighting that preceded the electric grid, such as gas, spermaceti ("whale oil"), etc. This interesting look at the darker side of what is happening in Inner Mongolia (environmental effect of rare earth mining) was posted on HN two days ago: http://www.bbc.com/future/story/20150402-the-worst-place-on-... "The electron “hole” thus formed in the manganese quartet is filled with electrons from a water molecule. This causes the water molecule to fall apart, creating free oxygen." The only electrons (plural) from one water molecule would be from the two hydrogen atoms, right? That would liberate one or two electrons and leave one or two stray protons (or hydrogen cations)... which go where ? Or, am I missing something? of course, this article is mute regarding the Jawbone IP theft lawsuits: https://www.yahoo.com/tech/s/jawbone-files-second-lawsuit-ag... "More smaller"... is in the actual title from the page, not a posting typo. Here's a good page on interpreting the manual as well: http://cbttape.org/~jmorrison/s370asm/html/tut-POPs-001.html what happens if you get a flat tire? already posted, id=9847335 What percentage of those who rely on CPAP now breathe exclusively through their noses in the first place? I tried the signup and immediately got this page: ___ Oops Sorry, an error occured. 500 Internal Server Error ___ displayed URL: https://prodigynotes.com/register using Chrome 43.0.2357.130 and, backnavigating cleared all my entered data. So, my first feedback would be that your error messages are unhelpful. ;) BUT, retrying with same signup data told me I was already logged in and gave me a home page. (to get picky, the page says "Welcome Back!" even though it was my first load of it) How does one get to anything besides Warcraft? statements like this are really short-sighted: "New technology has satisfied consumer demand for taxi rides with superior quality—and at a better price." Well, for the limited scope served by Uber and its drivers, sure. But if you're a consumer who has a disability, or one who wants to go to a "bad" neighborhood at an inconvenient time of night, Uber and such may be no option at all. Taxis are generally required to accept any fare within their operating area without regard to perceived dangers of the destination and chance of getting a paying return fare. (For example, if you enter a cab at JFK, that driver is obligated to take you anywhere in the five boroughs, and s/he must do so for fixed rates regardless of demand or weather.) Uber drivers can simply decline such fares invisibly to the affected consumer... or wait for bonus rates to kick in. No matter how much you like Uber and its parallels, just realize that it's not a level playing field. it's a moving target. I've received four different spam/phish emails in the past two days... all in my primary inbox. Aside from factors specific to Apple, he may find the difference in Cost-of-Living to be rather shocking. Encourage him to first research housing options. Then, look at transportation time/cost issues to and from work. Taxes. etc. And ask him to stay the heck off of Wolfe Road; it's too crowded already, and the construction effects are a pain. Most importantly, it's my closest route to the freeway. "Your users don’t need an authorization to" ... what ? I guess it's just coincidence that one of their two apps is #2 in this list... anybody else get "Account suspended?" if the source code is relevant and useful, that could be worth the price in itself... like Google/Facebook buying companies just to get the employees. Well, sure... but it happens in Chrome as well, at least on my H.P. Chuq used to manage and moderate a number of email reflectors (I was an active participant on his hockey lists 20 years ago), so it may be extra torturous for him to watch reddit trainwrecks and not be able to do anything about them. My solution is that I just don't care about reddit in the first place. The only time I spent any time on it was to watch the mad faux-forensics dragnet over the Boston bombings and shake my head. Am I the only one to find the signal-to-noise ratio of a lot of content on medium.com to be uselessly low? How exactly does one properly evaluate the local culture from the freeway, anyway? this relevant item was posted today: https://42floors.com/blog/startups/after-the-layoffs "(Shameless plug: you can try treehouse for free right here. If you choose to become a paying member, I do receive a small commission..." Linked page sez: Get 3 Months Off Our Basic Annual Plan ($75 Value) For A Limited Time! Three months off an annual plan? So, I pay for a year and get only 9 months? Please tell me that's not what they mean. Given that your home page has two rather basic typos, I stopped right there. you mean, besides asking OPM to put it on their website? This is just an Occupy wrapper for the same video you just posted. This is just another copy of the same story you just posted. Miyazaki is a great filmmaker and would probably disapprove of spamming. Thus site requires you to use it through Facebook authentication? Um, no thanks. why post a lame consolidator summary when full story links (including New York Times) were already posted 14 hours ago? Besides look in the mirror? But seriously, in my case, I'm determined to never become an insulin-dependent diabetic. I was over 340 lbs. 16 years ago (and believe it or not, I was not a big eater compared to male peers), then I read about low-carbohydrate eating strategies, and had slow but significant success (lost over 120 lbs in a 20-month span). But getting back to the question: my motivators were/are: 1) appearance 2) staving off degenerative disease (diabetes, heart disease, etc.) 3) activity enjoyment (e.g. hiking, volleyball, etc... weight is a limiting factor and contributes to injury) My biggest problem is maintaining a regimen when I am not getting results. This is how I derailed in the first place in my late 20s -- despite running 4-6 miles 2-3 times a week, I couldn't lose an ounce. Also, keep up on current science: for example, you could expend a lot of effort doing something that isn't that helpful if you a part of the population that is a low genetic responder to cardio (see the University of Bath study as covered in Michael Mosley's "The Truth About Exercise" on PBS). In my case, I also exhibit the classic symptoms of AD-36 exposure, so I have a tougher row to hoe. the original story, posted on HN 2 weeks ago, is here: http://www.bbc.com/future/story/20150630-my-dentist-saved-my... exact same link already posted yesterday. it will be short-lived unless they overturn this ruling: http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-uber-suspended-2015071... It's not an intuitive interface, but it works -- use the slider to slide the price downward to zero. It's a variable-pricing model with varying payout to the author. (I'm not criticizing the pricing model , I'm just saying the free-purchase method wasn't obvious to me, either, at first.) I bet you'd get more ultimate conversions if you stated that full-price purchasers would be granted the full book upon completion (and correction/minor update versions as well). Well, this is not specific to C++, but there was the failure of the Mars Climate Orbiter due to failure to convert between pound-seconds and newton-seconds: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mars_Climate_Orbiter Why does it need access to: Photos/media/Files WiFi connection info Device ID and call information ? For one thing, your site scales downward quite cleanly to minibrowsers (I tried it with Opera on my GS5) - many major sites really screw that up. Plus, the franchisor can penalize the franchisee, or revoke the franchise outright. Years ago, I overheard a conversation in a Baskin Robbins in which the owner complained about getting dinged for using his own chopped walnuts. "Most cities in the world allow for non-stationary selling. That means as long as you keep moving you won't be needing a permit." Hardly. Many cities (essentially every city in the Bay Area, for example) either outright ban peddling on public property or thoroughfares or requires a license for it. His point may have been that there are some really obvious, ugly typos, especially in the BIG RED BANNER segments (which can only be fixed by redoing the imaged). McDonald's was way ahead of everybody in this element of franchising strategy. Almost everything is McDonald's branded and must be purchased from Martin-Brower, their wholly owned distribution arm. (This is back in 1980, but back then the only food elements not McD-branded were the mustard, produce, eggs, and milk... and even those items had to be purchased from and delivered by Martin-Brower). most don't "brew it fresh constantly". they keep the pot on the burner until it is empty (or in newer hardware, store it in an urn that limits air exposure somewhat) until they need more. None I've seen actually time a brew set and throw it out when it hits that shelf-life counter, like Starbucks (let alone do individual pourover brewing like better coffee shops). if it literally spoke to you, your meds may need adjustment. ;) so, the author has a problem with one particular FreeBSD update and thereby condemns Linux and all other desktop UNIX variants/descendants by extension? Seriously? It's not just you. I found it to be a painful, and ultimately worthless, read. In giving only a partial account of eBay's rating system, this author learned exactly the wrong lesson. The original two-way eBay rating system did work well. However, ratings became meaningless (except to see in aggregate a long history of transactions by a party, which gives a veneer of stability). The modern failure is twofold: 1) several years back, eBay made it impossible to leave negative or even neutral feedback for any buyer under any circumstances. Never paid? Try to extort a lower price? Phony claim of non-receipt? Damaged the item and then blamed it on the seller? NO PROBLEM, says eBay, and future sellers are none the wiser and cannot protect themselves. 2) A dishonest eBay seller can void any transaction simply by refunding the payment. So, if she didn't like the winning price on an auction, she gets a do-over, and the buyer gets hosed. Or, the seller can try to change terms (I experienced this just last week, where the seller tried to extort 250% of the winning bid price, then cancelled when I balked). Policies like these have made eBay no longer a safe place to sell, and their squeezing of sellers for every possible fee became relentless, to the point that you cannot even say the word "cash" in a listing any more. So, modern eBay is a joke , and much of that commerce has moved to Amazon and elsewhere. Canadians are one of several invasive nonnative species that are becoming a growing problem here. The current strategy to combat this is to release sterile Canadians into the wild to reduce herd fertility, adding the release of contraceptives at Sharks and Barracuda games and Digital Moose gatherings as they occur. This is really, really sloppy reporting. It appears that KQED just rebroadcast a press release without even looking at the paper. 1) this is not a peer-reviewed study; it is only a working paper. 2) the paper counts ONLY HOMICIDES (ignores collisions that do not result in homicide) and counts a collision as DUI-induced EVEN IF THE DRIVER IN THE WRONG IS STONE COLD SOBER. It also seems to not distinguish between drivers and passengers (they count number of involved parties , not number of involved drivers. 3} I can find no information that they used any controls, e.g. contrasted regions with similar demographics and tracking history of DUI that DO have Uber/Sidecar/etc. versus those who do NOT; . That would be the most meaningful data. DUI rates can drop for a given population by other factors, e.g. increased penalties, enforcement; concomitant decrease in homicides to due improved vehicle safety (collision strength, air bags, percentage of involved vehicles with air bags and such, etc.); significantly fewer bad-weather days in CA in the recent drought years, etc. Wow, this is sloppy journalism. Ar drallison points out, potatoes (any subspecies) were unknown to the Old World altogether. The article makes multiple references specific to potatoes ("It has been argued that an increase in meat consumption could have triggered the increase in size, but now scientists believe that we may have another food to thank: the humble potato.", and "They say starches would have been readily available to ancestral human populations in the form of potatoes", which is categorically false The article implies that dietary glucose is necessary for survival, let alone optimal brain development. Neither is true, as anybody who has eaten a ketogenic diet (like me) can affirm. Although some organs need glucose (the brain is not one of them!), the body can make all it needs from protein. Agriculture only goes back 15,000 years or so, which is a blip in evolutionary terms. There is no indication of timeframe of the amylase adaptations, The study is here: http://www.jstor.org/stable/10.1086/682587 The abstract makes some similar claims about the need for dietary carbohydrate, citing a 27-year-old paper, which is simply incorrect. Am I blind? I can't find a link to the referred-to articles. Um, to repeat: "these (sic) series of articles" as referred to in this blog entry. There are no links leading to any, at least that are visible on Chrome or IE. is this just an ad for Infinix? it's just a simulator . Like Camelot in Monty Python and the Holy Grail will people who post WSJ links please indicate that they are subscriber-only? What's wrong with me? I use HN over Opera or Dolphin all the time. The problem with so many commercial "mobile-friendly" sites is that they are just dumbed-down abonimations. Worse yet is when a site dumbs down its desktop site to limit it to the "feature" set of its mobile offering, like Stubhub recently did. They actually stripped out the ability to search for 5/6/7/8/9 seats; search by SRO or non-SRO; search by handicapped accessibility (!); search by aisle seating; search by listings which include parking, etc... all criteria that were baked into the desktop site for years . Speaking of data, (to nitpick): "I’ve been at Amazon since March 24, 2014, which means I have 18 months of data to draw from..." Um, that's less than 17 months, unless my calendar is broken. They should given their Engineering Leads better calendars. 1) It does not seem credible that all this would go on before multiple witnesses with no action whatsoever. 2) is there no dress code of ANY kind? 3) you keep speaking as "we", yet there is no indication that his supervision is in that "we". 4) I find "we asked HR" to be both out of line, and suspect -- it's wholly inappropriate for peers to contact HR in such a context. Am I the only one who finds this kind of interface obnoxious? You have to keep manually triggering the page expansion (rather than multiple pages or automatic expansion) and then when you hit a random point (clicking More after the Relato listing), it recompresses back to the original page without explanation. just posted 50' ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10202360 K&P offered to not seek legal fees if she agreed not to appeal. She appealed. At that point, the offer was dead. Withdrawing the appeal later doesn't change that. Maybe she and her husband will file bankruptcy. Again. I wasted a good 15 minutes on the first X-men chess claim only to find that they botched it. axb2 is not mate. this is: 3. Nxb2 axb2+ 4. Qxb2 P(c3)xb2++ Speaking of which, the chess column in the SF Chronicle drives me nuts because the solution is in error about once a month (because the logic is wrong, pieces are omitted from the graphic, or the solution printed doesn't correspond to the printed position). Your links need to NOT have a hover effect if they interfere with the ability to see (or click on ) underlying content. Stubhub is horrendously bad in this respect -- in their zeal to hover a (meaningless) average price for a section at you, they make it impossible to click on that section. This article omits the most important information: 1) which strains are included in this year's vaccine 2) how many of those cases in NY (and nationwide) were from a strain that is included in the vaccine? How many were NOT? 3) does this vary by geography? (I would expect a different frequency on the west coast vs the east coast, for example) These questions come to mind immediately: 1) why is the gender of Matt relevant to the complaint at hand? 2) why is the gender of your other coworkers relevant to the complaint at hand? 3) why is the sexual preference of any of them relevant to the complaint at hand? (note that later the writer states explicitly that she does not know Matt's dating life). 4) "majority-dominated"? Aren't females the majority? 5) why do you find only female comedians funny? 6) comments like, "dumb basketball game" and categorizing sports are "Rapey" (!) are indicative of bias to an overtly inflammatory degree. Even if the writer thinks she never voices such opinions, I'm guessing that they "leak out" all over the place, Here's a key example: "... most importantly and egregiously, pretend to accept and tolerate conversation and ideas that I find degrading, disgusting, and sexist." Did such conversation actually happen with these specific coworkers , or does the writer just assume such by lumping all Heterosexual. White. Males. into one rotting bin? ? Explicitly sexist (let alone "rapey") conversation in the workplace is actionable. There is very low tolerance for behavior contributing to a hostile workplace pretty much everywhere in the U.S. nowadays (for legal exposure, if nothing else) -- the author gives no indication that she ever initiated or pursued any report of inappropriate behavior to H.R. or superiors. Anyway, a narrative riddled with comments like, "bro-bots", "rage-y, racist white dudes", "straight male rage against women", or "vast and exasperating patchwork of male insecurity" indicates zero interest in constructive, rational dialogue. In closing, she includes, "I vented relentlessly to my girlfriends and my gay friends...". I found it unsurprising that she lacks straight male friends with whom she feels capable of candid conversation. the key distinction not stated in the article is that CJD (like CWD, or like "Mad Cow" disease in animals) is a prion disease and therefore conventional heat-sterilization procedures do nothing to stop it. No wonder he was so bitter in "Ghostbusters II". Note that this is an infomercial for "Our Bay on the Brink"... and who the underlying funders are. Segal's analysis is disingenuous. REED v. TOWN OF GILBERT, ARIZONA has nothing to do with any handheld communication; it only addresses fixed, unattended signs . Similarly, "freedom of speech" does not apply the same for a recorded rant on a loudspeaker vs a personal rant from atop a soapbox. Originally posted here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10461771 If the author makes 2.5 matches per person interviewed (in other words, at least 60% were immediate mis matches), perhaps she's in the wrong line of work in the first place. this assumes that the content is unchanged or already saved for every case. I get a -404 unless I strip off that last term, after the slash (should be ? ??) e.g. http://www.thebetterindia.com/22968/indian-origin-scientist-... Are you sure that ad blockers are the only variable in play here? "(October 2014) we had nearly 4.5 million hits (read) on our articles. This year (October 2015) we are at 4.4 million hits... Where a year ago we served 375~400K pageviews per day, we now register just over 200K pageviews a day." Is pageviews the actual metric, or is ads served the metric? Given the recent discoveries in how many "ad views" were actually never presented to the reader and were just phony revenue ticks, could it not be that you are also "suffering" from an ongoing reduction in phony ad presentations as the trickery is discovered and addressed? I block ads primarily to limit tracking and bogus traffic, not to dodge advertising per se. I heartily endorse jfoutz's suggestions here. If you continue to serve quality content, it's the more sustainable business model long-term anyway. Years before the modern ad-network paradigm, many media sites were subscription from the outset (e.g. WSJ, mercurynews). Some later went free, using ad networks to pay the way. Now, the trend is moving back to a subscription model. Those sites that do the punitive block-ads-and-we-block-you (e.g. washingtonpost) will find that people just go elsewhere for those stories. it gets worse. Look up the recent PBS biopic of E.O. Wilson and his studies of matabele ants, which predate on (and exclusively eat) termites. And worse yet, there are species of predatory fungi that infect insects, turning them into virtual slaves even while consuming their failing bodies. Sleep well. it's not working at all on my rotary phone. may I ask what triggers mobile-specific behaviors? - screen size? - user agent? - O/S? - browser ID? the exact same article with exact same title posted yesterday. see https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10487419 contrast, however, with the results of a tanker spill or oil-drilling disaster like Deepwater Horizon. Also note that more nuclear waste enters the atmosphere every DAY from coal burning than in the entire history of nuclear power generation excluding Chernobyl. The longest-lived "proven" wind project in CA is shutting down . http://www.insidebayarea.com/breaking-news/ci_29048836/altam... Even ignoring modern reactor designs that can use waste isotopes as fuel , we had a perfect storage solution in Nevada... until Harry Reid sabotaged it, costing taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars. In the modern era of essentially-free long distance calling, is this a solution in search of a problem? There seems to be a contradiction regarding scan rate. At about 1'30", it says "scan speed less than 5 seconds per page" at about 1'45", it says "60-80 pages per minute", which is potentially 5 times the stated capability. is one or both statements erroneous? Or, is there a buffering-and-save-for-later-processing going on behind the scenes? I think more clarity is needed overall: 1) is there built-in OCR capability? 2) What file formats can be produced? PDF? DOC? 3) planned O/S support (Windows, Mac, Linux) ? The link in the article goes nowhere for me, but this works: http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/natu... This is a new case from Napa, CA, distinct from the case in the current Nature I just posted This case is not the very recent case from Napa, California (see cbslocal link posted subsequent to this for that story) I got 1.2s, 327 requests , 2.7MB, Dallas origin prior study called into question: http://www.nature.com/news/ancient-dna-reveals-how-wheat-cam... exactly. it should accept a street address, or if they don't want to use external mapping services, latitude and longitude. I don't understand why specific guns were mentioned, yet he wasn't charged with a single gun crime. The sawed-off shotgun itself, if it exists at all, is a Class 3 weapon and a Federal felony to even possess. The article author clearly doesn't understand enough physiology (or English grammar, usage, and spelling, for that matter) to be making any scientific conclusions. For example, his theory that eating only fruits and vegetables starves the cancer of sugar is ludicrous. Dietary glucose and sucrose (half glucose, half fructose) occur naturally only in fruits and vegetables; many fruits are, in fact, quite high in sugar. (The way to starve one's system of sugar is with a ketogenic diet.) Similarly, his claim that all cancer cells die at a temperature at which all healthy cells are safe (or at oxygenation levels that are safe for all healthy cells) is bogus. Hyperthermia treatments are directed at the tumor and at higher temperatures than he states. BTW, Lance Armstrong's hyperthermia therapy was to treat his testicular cancer , not win the Tour de France. etc. etc. That said, I'm all for exploring treatments outside the current Western burn/cut/irradiate paradigm... but beware of utter quackery. US medicine is largely constrained by what is FDA-approved (for better or worse), a constraint overseas providers are free of. I'll bet the Tijuana clinics mentioned were also big laetrile pushers in the past... or even now . His paranoia about a primary profit motive to chemo and surgery seems ludicrous -- if a patient can be cured with far cheaper chemicals and methods, why wouldn't the Western doctors use those and charge the patient the same higher rates and make more money? *Technical note: some organs and tissues NEED glucose; even with no dietary carbohydrate, the body manufactures glucose out of proteins as needed via gluconeogenesis... so the body is never completely sugar-free. A descriptive English article on this was posted yesterday: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10504662 already posted yesterday. exact same story, same title. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10509355 just posted a few hours ago. see: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10512087 I feared that Mars was doomed as soon as I heard the ominous, solemn music. "A weapon like this example would make guns obsolete. Criminals would prefer it, because they could use it on people with a much lighter consequence." This is naive in the extreme. Criminals most often fire guns to kill their enemies and rivals , not as part of robbery or any other task that could, in theory, be completed as well with any nonlethal mechanism. I figured that it wouldn't be a selfie. First posted back in April... original thread comments are here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9334316 Bristol Stool scale info at: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bristol_stool_scale posted earlier: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10502910 Original study here: http://arxiv.org/abs/1509.03622 if you're thinking of MPHG, it was "1, 2, 5". Note, however, that they can also be used to shroud nefarious sites. For example, you get a spoof email masquerading as one from your financial institution; it is easier to spot americanexpress. somewhereelse .com than biy.ly/gibrsh for more research on the topic, see: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2SqCaz6lsfE posted yesterday: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10522530 posted 6 days ago: http://www.sciencemag.org/content/350/6259/369.full another article here: http://news.discovery.com/history/archaeology/new-clues-poin... from last year, but never posted on HN before why post a footnoted page with a link to the link rather than the direct link itself, e.g. http://jvns.ca/blog/2013/12/30/questions-im-asking-in-interv... ? Apple's not Hitler. A check from Hitler wouldn't clear. same article previously posted: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10517678 Original article posted days ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10513371 posted earlier: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10528663 already posted twice, including just an hour ago. first: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10528663 Posted twice already in past day. The one with a lot of comments is: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10528663 although not obvious from the title, this is not in reference to WW2... this is present-day same link posted 8 hours ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10528119 posted yesterday: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10526137 Posted a day ago at: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10524820 posted just yesterday (with lots of comments) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10526729 posted already yesterday; many comments here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10527070 This is a classic example of "consider the source". It is poorly researched and has some outright falsehoods: 1) "Even though smart guns are widely available overseas..." Really? I'm unable to find a single production centerfire handgun approved for import by Obama's ATF from anywhere in the world . For example, see the references in: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_gun The lone handgun of any kind with any such a claimed "smart" implementation is the iP1. But what the article conveniently omits (like the similar NYT article from last year omits) is that it is a .22 rimfire cartridge - totally unusable in a police context. There isn't a single law enforcement organization (LEO) in the nation that uses ,22 rimfire as its primary duty weapon. 2) "The palm-reading biometric gun that James Bond used in Skyfall represents the sexiest version..." that is a movie prop , not a production firearm. MJ is seeking to mandate something that doesn't exist ... which plays right into NRA claims that such a law is just disguised prohibition. So, let's say such a handgun exists, in an appropriate caliber. What is the immediate, obvious market? Law enforcement organizations. After all, deaths due to perps gaining an officer's gun, or fear that such is imminent , results in numerous shootings and deaths: e.g.: http://www.latimes.com/local/california/la-me-lapd-shooting-... http://www.nydailynews.com/news/crime/michael-brown-autopsy-... http://blog.al.com/spotnews/2012/10/cops_gun_stolen_from_hoo... http://articles.sun-sentinel.com/1997-01-08/news/9701070463_... http://www.kgw.com/story/news/local/vancouver/2015/09/14/off... http://www.nydailynews.com/archives/news/police-kill-unarmed... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shooting_of_Kathryn_Steinle etc. Yet no LEOs, including Obama's own ATF, FBI, Secret Service, Border Patrol, nor any branch of the U.S. military has manifested any interest whatsoever in even testing such handguns. LEOs are the obvious proving ground for such a technology, if it is in fact mature, safe, and reliable. already posted twice over past 3 days, e.g. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10523455 I could swear that I saw Stonebreaker comment on this very subject in a talk from the past year or so (available on Youtube). already posted and upvoted here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10508914 I'm sure this will be a big hit with the legitimate purchasers of the tickets to which those barcodes were assigned... who will find them mysteriously invalid when presented. Did you look at the email routing paths to make sure it is genuinely of Amazon origin? More importantly, is any given link actually resolving to amazon.com? As soon as I cut the specified two slits in my screen, I was unable to read the rest of the instructions. here's their indiegogo page: https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/czur-scanner-build-your-o... Previous techcrunch article posted here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10500915 another article of theirs about an earlier study: http://news.discovery.com/earth/weather-extreme-events/human... earlier article of theirs here: http://www.discovery.com/dscovrd/tech/amazing-machine-can-pr... I doubt she read all 100 novels; skimmed or read Cliff's Notes, perhaps. Among other things, she completely ignores important female characters that are nonhuman sentient species (I know there were in "Out of the Silent Planet", for example). This reflects her speciest prejudice. I doubt she read all 100 novels; skimmed or read Cliff's Notes, perhaps. Among other things, she completely ignores important femals characters that are nonhuman sentient species (I know there were in "Out of the Silent Planet", for example). This reflects her speciest prejudice. same article already posted earlier today: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10531764 The provided link is wrong anyway. same article posted two hours earlier... and an hour after that. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10533480 McDonald's dumped their (black) CEO in favor of a new (white) one this year. This is a definition of "progressive" with which I was previously unfamiliar. Already posted yesterday. And the day before. The original has lots of comments: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10526729 Third time today this article was posted. Original comments here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10530795 Already posted twice today, first one here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10533619 Third time today that the direct-to-site link has been posted to HN (plus multiple story links). It's getting rather spammy. I think every elementary school student saw the film in school (in the San Jose, CA area anyway). They could have shown it monthly, and it would never get old. Odd thing is, as I looked for this on Youtube, there are numerous Donald Duck cartoons labeled with this title that are completely unrelated. Clickbait? Did you account for inflation? Same article posted a few hours earlier. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10536637 In other words, exercise helps mitigate markers for adverse effects of exercise. Posted earlier within the hour with its original title. Lots of comments here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10539100 posted twice earlier this week, earliest at https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10521211 Or the same one who gamed the system to jump the line in obtaining his liver? already posted earlier in the day: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10538662 already posted three times today; here is the earliest with comments: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10538190 already posted earlier in the day. with comments: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10537685 this exact article/title already posted twice today; original here, with comments: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10538907 It is really nice to see an app that doesn't harvest one's contacts / location / other unnecessary data that a user has to fear will be sold or misused. here's a good National geographic article on Parcak I linked on Monday: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10536440 Posted 4 times today already. Original here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10544826 On Android, I got a "starter set" in Speed Dial, including: Play Now Free VPN Amazon CNN then later, they snuck in: Nordstrom Walmart Booking.com Already posted five times this week... first here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10512811 671 people represents a global majority ? already posted yesterday: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10543157 already posted, with unaltered title, earlier: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10543627 Dude. Three such ads in two days? it's interesting that the author didn't state the party affiliation of Senator J. Lister Hill. I'll give you one guess. already posted today, twice before. first here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10546483 already posted today, twice before. first here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10546483 posted earlier today here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10544841 Posted eight times thus far today. Earliest I see is: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10544826 Already posted multiple times today; one with comments here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10546333 Posted 5 times in the last 4 days. First is here, with lots of comments: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10526729 They'd better be planning to allow no garages and parking spaces for those homes, making them walk, bike, and public transportation only. Shoreline Blvd is already gridlocked during commute hours, and every single resident will have to take (or cross) Shoreline to go much of anywhere. It's a bit ironic considering that Mtn. View is the city than banished Home Depot from the old Emporium land due to traffic catastrophization by opponents... which will cost the city millions of dollars in its share of sales tax revenue. A senior-care facility was built there instead. Already posted twice today. First here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10543668 Not one cat video? I think the worst mock computer interface ever was the scene in "Jurassic Park" where the girl tries to bring the systems back online. "This is UNIX. I know UNIX!" But... it wasn't remotely UNIX. It was an unrelated menu system so slow it looked like it was running on an abacus. Third posting in the last few hours. First here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10549902 Just posted an hour ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10549902 just posted yesterday: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10544026 Already posted 4 times today. Lots of comments here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10539100 Already posted 3 times today. Lots of comments here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10539100 Already posted twice earlier today. Lots of comments here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10539100 Eater.com story posted earlier today: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10549684 Already posted five times. Most comments here (and it's not even the original): https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10535310 Already posted four times. Most comments here (and it's not even the original): https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10535310 "Do as I say, not as I do." Under the laws of quantum mechanics, all of those anomalies could have happened spontaneously. posted 6 hours ago. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10550482 just posted 9 hours ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10549314 "Since helmet laws don’t necessarily mean compliance, they looked at helmet usage, too, and once again found nothing." Did the author read the study? I can't find anyplace where it has any data about usage. In fact, the words "comply(iance)" or "usage" don't appear in the document once, in any context. Also, it doesn't distinguish between those who always wear helmets and those who claim they use helmets at least half the time. detailed article on phys.org: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10543171 identical article already posted earlier anyway: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10548612 but wimagguc's link is from Notify and has a lot of commentary. already posted on Monday. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10534330 same link just posted 12 hours ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10548354 Seriously? Is this supposed to be satire? It goes well beyond "unpopular ones tend to get downvoted." There are people who, having posted something "controversial" only because it bucks a common fallacy or "political correctness", will enlist all of their social media candidates to downvote someone who dared disagree with them... even if only via pointing out factual fallacies with objective references. I took a 50-point hit once on one posting simply by posting objective references that challenged (actually, disproved ) a political rant. Like any form of "social media", it's partially a popularity contest. It goes well beyond "unpopular ones tend to get downvoted." There are people who, having posted something "controversial" only because it bucks a common fallacy or "political correctness", will enlist all of their social media candidates to downvote someone who dared disagree with them... even if only via pointing out factual fallacies with objective references. I took a 50-point hit once on one posting simply by posting objective references that challenged (actually, disproved ) a political rant. Like any form of "social media", it's partially a popularity contest. Arstechnica's article title is a little misleading by using "healthy": "A study with kids in Cambodia is the first to examine the transmission of dengue virus from asymptomatic but infected humans into mosquitoes. ... It found that asymptomatic and presymptomatic people were even more likely to pass the virus on to mosquitoes than people who were actually sick with dengue." the simple B&W photo of drinking fountains in the Jim Crow South is particularly striking. there was a decidedly sexist article overnight (1AM-ish PST) which I (apparently among many others) flagged... and it was gone within a couple of minutes! How do they claim, "zero carbon footprint"? They don't say how they are powering their power-hungry process. For that matter, what are they using in lieu of carbon in the diamonds in the first place? Imitation carbon? More comments on earlier-posted version: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10553025 This is kind of a Turing test. If you can't find the answer by experimentation, you're not a hacker. (Glyphosate) You're confusing highway with freeway . A highway, as defined in the CVC, is the generic term for any public road on which the Vehicle Code applies, even if it's one lane each way: '360. “Highway” is a way or place of whatever nature, publicly maintained and open to the use of the public for purposes of vehicular travel. Highway includes street.' As for the speed limiter, a 25 MPH hard limit is ridiculous unless they were limiting usage to streets with a 25MPH limit. I don't know of any on El Camino in Mountain View not at a controlled intersection. There are some on ECR in Sunnyvale (e.g. just W of Halford) and two notorious ones in Santa Clara, though. Of course, the County wants to reserve a lane for bus use only now... loads fine for me. at first, I thought maybe you had the old link (it moved last year, but they left the old one up, broken) Except that driving artificially slowly correlates well with being intoxicated... so being slow can call attention to oneself. I wonder how well the self driving car copes with an overly aggressive driver cutting in front and slamming on their brakes just to piss you off. You really think Google can't afford a Death Ray in each car? It's illegal to have a forward-facing red light at all (for one example)... even if it's not turned on. There is a substantial bike 'boulevard' network of side streets made safer for bicyclists NOT that is segregated from through traffic (as opposed to Bryant St, in Palo Alto, on which car through-traffic is blocked every couple of blocks. Best route I found parallel to El Camino was Church/Latham to the Palo Alto border, then a slight jog over to the pedestrian/bike bridge behind the shopping center (was Tower Records for years, forgot what it is now). Then, work your way to Bryant. "God doesn't play dice with traffic." - Einstein lots of relevant commentary on the original: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10558111 lots of relevant commentary on the original: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10558111 lots of relevant commentary on the original: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10558111 another article here: http://news.sciencemag.org/math/2015/11/famed-number-found-h... You don't say if any/all of these issues were brought up previously in a less formal context, like a basic face-to-face meeting. If they weren't, that smacks of unfairness. Maybe it's only pining. Terrorism doesn't need weaponry. Indeed. Even if you deem well-coordinated attacks with just edged weapons (like the fictional ones in "The Following") unlikely, note that the Multiple-Victim public homicide with the most fatalities in US history used not a single firearm . (and I'm not talking about 9/11, although it could count as such as well) I'd bet that your drug dealer has suitable connections. Note that in the Pearl High School shooting (item #1), Assistant Principal Joel Myrick had to retrieve his gun from his truck parked off campus because it had to stay outside the "gun-free school zone". It's unclear how many of the 9 victims could have been avoided but for the "gun free school zone." https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10558003 etc https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10550302 using unaltered title https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10559951 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10551210 same article, but earlier posting used an altered title Is HIPPA not a factor here? Those are not mutually exclusive conditions . One does not need to be native-born to be a citizen or legal resident. I use Jota Text Editor in conjunction with Dropbox on my Android phone. This way, I can read and write using all of my devices with the contents synched to all other devices. I used Note Everything for a long time before that but became annoyed that they don't have a built-in export capability, even in the paid version. (I found a clever hack that let me export all contents at once with minimal fixup.) This likely works with other editors, too, but Jota handled this cleanly out of the box. You have a way to contact them? Believe me, I've tried. For years . For example, they went to the new shared (desktop and mobile) dumbed-down interface on July 4. Features on the main desktop site were removed to match the features missing on the mobile site, so you could no longer search on Aisle, Disabled seating, exclude piggyback sets, etc. But that's another rant. Now, in doing this, they made a ridiculous design/coding error. If you were searching on Qty=5+, you'd think it would show you all listings offering 5 or more, right? Wrong. They showed you the first twenty listings with Qty=5+, and then just showed you everything , starting over from cheapest first. Yup, a hardcoded limit of 20. If you had a listing of 5+ and didn't show up in the first 20 qualified listings, your listing would never be seen. Given that an event can have well over 10,000 listings, that's a lot of invisibility. That was reported to them July 4, including through their TopSellers organization. It persisted for four months . (I'm assuming it's fixed; I couldn't reproduce it today but could as recently as last weekend.) Taking the side streets to avoid the main road is called "rat-running" in Britain. Here, it's called Waze . Waze has actually created a lot of angst in some previously-quieter areas, like Los Gatos CA being inundated with Waze users seeking ways around beach-bound traffic. Is this a sort of Turing test? ... Which I've now failed for replying on Saturday? Seems like we are always responding to "emergencies" created by the sale team. The first step to filling your tech organization's hole is to get the sale team to stop digging. You might get more looks if you change the shrouded link to its native form. I'm guessing this is a response to this Techcrunch article: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10561198 I bet the cat didn't even RTFM first. Supposedly, murine models are the closest analog to many human processes with manageable size and price. Plus, they fit easily into any microwave at snack time. They don't correlate well at all in some areas, like brown fat (humans don't have a significant amount) Another realm of Disney hypocrisy relevant to HN: IT staff fired to be replaced by H1-Bs, whom they had to train to replace them first, e.g. http://www.mysuncoast.com/news/local/exclusive-former-employ... When you have obvious scam positions like "Freelance Marketing Executive .. $$TURN YOUR SPARE TIME INTO CASH NOW$$ Earn a second income at your own free time..." as Featured Jobs , it's hard to take such a site seriously. Does the site do any filtering at all? Exactly. It would be different if the data given was limited to the specific segments relevant to the research rather than the whole genome. Look at what advertisers are doing with web tracking, beacons, cookies, etc.: taking slices of your privacy and assembling them into a coherent, individualized profile that is the sum of each info-leak's parts. Cold also is generally beneficial at making you burn energy and helps HGH release, so I finish showers with cold-ish water. Most Americans overheat their homes, IMHO -- certainly in my family. I think there's some very good content here, but using "self-abuse" instead of "negative self-talk" (the more standard therapy term) is an unhelpful distraction in my reading. I'm guessing that it's not this Matt Groening classic: Love is a snowmobile racing across the frozen tundra. Suddenly, it flips over, pinning you underneath. At night, the Ice Weasels come. I doubt that CHP would allow that. It would also prevent natives from heading southbound. I get "We're sorry, but something went wrong. If you are the application owner check the logs for more information" on Chrome Here's more details (at least the unclassified ones) from the NRO site: http://www.nro.gov/history/csnr/corona/ And a press release on the 50th anniversary of first launch: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/first-successful-cor... (the press release has an obsolete link for the NRO page; the one I put at top here is correct) Heck, I leave CC on all the time, even as a native speaker. There are enough mumbled lines or poor audio or varying volume (thanks a lot, Comcast) to make it useful. I found "The Following" to be one show I relied on captioning a lot . I bet it would be helpful for children learning to read, too, with the constant matching of text with corresponding dialog or narration. It's a funny metric for engineering sloppiness as well. For example, many programs (especially sports) make poor choices with respect to placement of the CC lines; most major sports networks end up covering the scoreboard insert with CC, for example. One bizarre botch going on now is that our local CBS affiliate (KPIX) is sending captioning from the wrong program in the 10PM hour more often than not -- clearly a news program. Sometimes, it will be back to the correct show upon return from a commercial break, then fail back again later. It's happened the last 2 weeks in a row during Elementary, for sure. Anybody else seen this? Land is hardly the most limiting resource; in fact, it's well down the list, below: - fresh water - food - waste carrying capacity (waterways, atmosphere) - physical resources (metals, wood, concrete, oil and other energy forms) Heck, there's even a worsening shortage of sand suitable for construction use, worldwide: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/05/opinion/why-sand-is-disapp... Anybody know if f.lux is working on an Android version? Their FAQ is mute on the issue. Seriously? I assumed it was a nutrition issue, especially sheer number of calories. I can see how some people avoid public transport out of elitism. But in Silicon Valley (for example), the problem is that the routes were largely drawn for political motives , not to meet actual needs. Take, for example, the VTA light rail routes. The trains are so empty that farebox returns barely make a dent in operating costs, let alone debt service, worker benefits, etc. I have to wait at crossings for the Mountain View / Tasman line often, and I rarely see more than 2-3 people per car. It seems to have been designed to serve the Lockheed complex first and foremost, except that Lockheed now has a fraction of the employees that it did when the line was drawn. Head of the House Transportation Committee then? Norm Mineta. In 1995, Mineta quit his seat mid-term after losing his chairmanship (forcing a chain reaction of special elections that cost county taxpayers tens of millions of dollars... but that's another rant) to become an executive in the private sector. Guess where? Yup, Lockheed Martin. Overall, the VTA bus/rail system has a farebox return of about 14%, last I checked. It would be cheaper to buy ridesharing-company rides at retail for every passenger at public expense than VTA costs taxpayers overall. They even artificially boost ridership stats by allowing homeless to just ride and sleep on buses, end to end for the whole route, all night. Meanwhile, Caltrain is so crowded that most trains need standing room for at least part of the route... because Caltrain actually goes where people need to go and is comparatively well-run. It's not elitism, for the most part; it's functionality. My home address is in the UK, but I live in a flat and my neighbours are mail stealing... Are you sure it's your neighbors? We get mail theft here (in Silicon Valley) all the time; thieves harvesting mail for valuables, credit cards, tax data, etc. for ID theft. In my city, police will not respond even if there is theft in progress and they have idle units at Starbucks next door, claiming that there is no state law against mail theft -- it's up to the USPS to deal with it. I have a PO Box for everything but junk mail. The much-maligned USPS has a really nice feature nowadays: you can sign a (free) agreement allowing them to accept packages on your behalf from other carriers... so I have FedEx, UPS, etc. all going to my PO Box, using the street-address format for the Post Office proper. It's much less expensive than private services like the UPS Store and such. Your neighbors are probably more focused on stealing your newspaper. Or spouse. here's that Vanity Fair article: http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2015/11/airplane-maintenance-... Twilight's permissions requirements include device and application history, bookmarks, etc. Why would that be necessary? The Funniest Graph Contest winner: All Theories Proven With One Graph http://www.jir.com/graph_contest/index.html Am I the only one who finds the article title oddly misleading? As I read it, it implies that it was Israel doing the shooting. Depends on how literally you define "instructs". Certainly, the first 100÷ years of Catholicism in Central and South America didn't value the lives of non-Catholics very much. I doubt it. Storage costs and hassles would be immense. Given that few people kept old Apple 1's around, as small as they are (which is why they sell so high at auction), I see no sense in preserving a mainframe, then or now. I would guess that most surrendered mainframes (for the past decade or two) would be directly decommissioned, having no subsequent market warranting re-deployment. Have you been in an old-school mainframe shop? I left that world in 1986 for the minis/PCs/UNIX world and didn't follow the industry after that. But at that time, a mainframe like an IBM 309x (successor to the 308x, which was the successor to the 3033, which was the successor to the 370 era) required huge, elevated, Halon-protected, chilled rooms, with banks of tape drives the size of a phone booth, hard drives the size of a small chest freezer, plus numerous large peripherals (printers, card readers, card punches, etc.), and an enormous power infrastructure. Today, you now have more CPU power in your phone. I loved operating mainframes alone - it was like being an orchestra conductor, except you could reboot a recalcitrant concertmaster. It was typical of the mainframe world that machines were leased rather than owned. I guess the owners would redeploy if there was any customer, otherwise decommission for parts/scrap. The hassle of transport/exchange was huge. BTW, anybody need 9-track reel tapes? I have a few. That part is easy. Shower after you work out, whenever that is. Constantly crashing and needing reboot Not at all, in my experience. They were vulnerable to power dips but otherwise low trouble (by the standards of the time; not like, say, SunOS on Sparc). They would go weeks or months without a reboot (such had to be scheduled through upper management and customers). IBMs even had a cool Quiesce feature where you could stop the processor (and all I/O) while leaving the system stable. This was necessary when doing things like disconneting/reconnecting peripherals and drives. But it didn't sing "Daisy, Daisy" in the process. I find it really odd that all of the mentioned studies fail to mention whether natural (d-alpha tocopherol) or synthetic (dl-alpha) was used. (Not just in the abstracts; the full texts don't say, that I can find.) And the author bothers me in repeatedly calling beta-carotene an "antioxidant". In fact, most of these studies attribute the negative results to the beta-carotene supplementation ( not Vitamin E or other antioxidants), with Vitamin E by itself producing neutral or positive results. for 11 years,... at least around 100 people have been killed each day 400,000 dead from terrorist attacks ? Your source for that statistic is... ? President Dilma Rousseff compared the damage to the 2010 oil spill by BP... A better analog is the Gold King Mine botch by the EPA. I think one can absorb a more nimble conversational flow simply by listening to intelligent, articulate people, like on podcasts. My favorite "talk radio" broadcaster, John Batchelor, is particularly articulate and well-read. Listen how his content just flows effortlessly: Podcasts: https://audioboom.com/channel/johnbatchelor Previous podcasts (he changed hosts recently): http://johnbatchelorshow.com/podcasts You can learn from how his guests converse as well. As for losing self-consciousness and gaining confidence in "finding the right word" on the fly, that takes practice. Think of a topic you are confident in, record yourself giving a mock monologue on the subject, then go back and listen to yourself and see what you want to change. And don't fear making a mistake or being at a loss for words; it's part of the art of conversation. Few truly master it, but all can become effective at delivery. You can't renounce your U.S. citizenship from inside the country anyway. police are allowed to shoot people in the back even if they (aren't an) imminent threat and he heads the opinion desk for Der Spiegel? “...the Committee’s request for information and communications includes not just NOAA scientists but also NOAA policy and political staff.” Anybody else concerned that a taxpayer-funded government science organization even has a "policy and political staff" ? I worked in a shop with two of these, side by side. I don't remember toner (except for the rare spillage) so much as the fog of thousands of tiny bits of paper dust. It was generally a low-maintenance job: pull the printed stack periodically, separating individual jobs; every 20 minutes or so, feed a new box of paper and tape-splice new to old; separate individual jobs in the printed stack; listen to the gentle white-noise shuffle of paper swimming through the tracks. Really interesting stuff, but a couple of notes about applicability to humans: "It should be mentioned that the KD used in this study, as well as in other studies in mice (2–4, 25), may differ from KD used in humans. Indeed, this KD contains almost no carbohydrate and the protein proportion is low, whereas KD used in humans usually contain less fat, more protein, and also more carbohydrate." IOW, the diet is an artificial construct not resembling any occurrence in nature. Artificially low protein in a KD sounds just dangerous, as adequate dietary protein will produce any needed blood glucose via gluconeogenesis, keeping those pathways active in a more natural sense. 2) note the second paragraph in Discussion where they discuss effects of BAT (Brown Adipose Tissue aka "brown fat"). BAT is present in significantly higher %age in mice vs humans. 3) later that paragraph: "most studies have found that weight loss improves insulin sensitivity in humans (41) and mice (36)." Well, we have kind of an impasse, then -- were those studies' KDs more realistic in terms of macronutrient ratios? I'm skeptical about making broad assumptions about human applicability in this study, too, but that hardly makes it flagworthy. They've identified specific chemical pathways as a metric for concern; let's see if human effects are parallel. And I'm a longtime low-carber with as much as 15 continuous months on a KD, so I'm not a KD skeptic. Teleportation. Twice as many people die by drowning. Three in a recent week (10/20-26) were attributed to Taser . I'm curious to see if they start counting suspect deaths resulting from high-speed chases of fleeing felons. I'm suggesting that the use of non-lethal force tactics like Tasers, beanbag rounds, etc. displays a lack of intent to kill. People can die during pursuit or arrest without it being because police used unreasonable force; this site doesn't distinguish between reasonable and unreasonable force or between deliberate, negligent, or purely accidental death. almost every state falls into the classification of one-party or all-party. Doesn't that apply to wiretap laws (e.g. phone recordings, like the Monica Lewinsky case) rather than open-air conversation? For example, I could see how a hack activating their phone microphones and listening that way would be illegal, but open-air conversation? Does that vary by state? Yesterday's Bay Area news reports about the suspect beaten after a chase had a private surveillance video recording with audio , made public. what kills my productivity is when it takes more than 5secs to compile/load/whatever. Sigh. These kids today have no idea what it was like to dial in to work at midnight so you could fire off another build that could finish by morning, if you were lucky. Or, to be limited to off-hours for running builds at all. The stated premise: "Can you slice Earth flat through its centre while touching no land?" is at odd with the results. None of the examples goes through the center (the core - either geographical or center of mass). The solutions are circular surface traces assuming a two-dimensional projection. Interesting, nonetheless, but the opening premise could use a reword. Maybe, "can you find a region such that a flat plane would cut the Earth without touching land?" I get: Forbidden You don't have permission to access /en/500L/an-archaeology-inspired-database.html on this server. Additionally, a 404 Not Found error was encountered while trying to use an ErrorDocument to handle the request. The Kangaroo is unavailable in Australia? How would you get a phone number for it? Oh, and I want a pony, too. Not the dingos? Or is that just babies? The difference with the Newtonian case is that the effects, although without a visible linkage, were directly related to masses and distance. There was no concept of, say, the lighting of a particular candle in Africa also lighting the one on your desk while the thousands of candles in-between remain unaffected. Why did you alter the article title, in posting it here, to say something that the article itself does not? Sure we did. I was very active in several Usenet newsgroups from 1987 on. Of course, at that time, few companies were connected 24x7. My employer, for example, dialed in for mail and Usenet traffic exchanges a handful of times a day. The debates over the first ANSI C spec in comp.lang.c were most entertaining. "There’s no way to see who bought your course in their interface at all... All they do is e-mail you very basic information like the name of the student, the coupon they used and how much it resulted in" I'd expect that. Like any resale marketplace, they want to stay a middleman between seller and buyer. Similarly, ebay shrouds email and phone numbers between buyer and seller; it will even block messages that contain anything they can parse as an email address or phone number. Cucumbers and cats have always been natural enemies in the wild. (Do no cats eat pickles?) But seriously, I'm not a fan of any of this ambush-fright video trend. The gags that Jimmy Kimmel, for example, has parents play on kids to video their panicked reactions make me sick. (For example, the recent "we ate all of your Halloween candy" theme.) Pranking a child is no "interaction of equals". '...the mentality of US police: "Shoot first, ask questions later."' That's a ridiculous and unfair generalization, especially for the present day. Police collectively have hundreds of thousands (maybe millions) of encounters with civilians every day, in contrast with how many unjustified officer-involved shootings there are. This isn't the Jim Crow era South... or Hollywood. Bear in mind that the police presence, and number of officers responding, had nothing to do with her being black , given that it was wholly in response to the report about a Hispanic "suspect". It's standard to have guns drawn when doing a sweep in response to any report of an unauthorized presence in one's home, even without a claimed eyewitness to a break-in, as in this case. Years ago, after I bought a new house but had not yet moved in (I was moving individual loads as I had time), I came to the new place to find an upstairs light on. Now, I was fairly sure I would not have done that without noticing as I left, but I saw no sign of forced entry or active presence. So, I called the police, explained that this was probably just my screwup, but if you have an idle unit, could they stop by when they have a chance? Two officers responded, did a sweep of the house, guns drawn, finding nothing, and were very nice about it all. I wish the body of the article separated stats for civil forfeiture vs. criminal forfeiture. "Dammit, Jim! I'm a doctor , not an astronomer!" Aside from the college student population choice issue, is Spain as a whole even a representative model for the USA, or the world at large? The traditional midday siesta break combined with standard late night dinners and nightlife is not paralleled in the rest of the world. Home burglary is almost dead. http://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/press/hb9411pr.cfm "The median dollar value of items and cash stolen during completed household burglaries increased 54 percent from 1994 to 2011, the Justice Department’s Bureau of Justice Statistics (BJS) announced today. The median financial loss during completed burglaries in 1994 was $389 (adjusted for inflation), compared to $600 in 2011. The average dollar loss in 2011 among households that lost $1 or more was about $2,120." ... but will they still tell kids that a parsec is a unit of time , not distance? The number of occurrences dropped significantly, while the dollar amount (in real dollars) went up substantially . Burglars tend to work in teams nowadays. "Importantly, plasma vitamin C concentrations greater than 10 mM are easily achieved in humans" I wish they had stated what kind of dosage that means for a human of a given mass. Interesting that the "high-dose" regimen (4g/kg) would be 280 GRAMS (big tablets) a day for a 70kg human... with no noted toxicity! Drink the most distilled water you can find. I don't get this at all; a body needs electrolytes. Purifying/filtering your water is fine, but drinking a lot of distilled water (without added/restored electrolytes) is asking for trouble. The author also should have stressed that the benefits of kombucha, yogurt, etc. come largely from fermentation . "Let’s say that you want to travel for a year; it’s cheaper to put your personal belongings in a shipping container as it sails around the world than to keep it at a local mini-storage facility." Yow. You can buy passage on freighters as it is. Writers, for example, use the isolation to keep them from distractions. Alex Haley, for example. http://www.alex-haley.com/alex_haley_speaks_out_for_freighte... This is anecdotal, of course, but there are frequent TV news stories here in the SF Bay Area showing surveillance video of burglaries and home invasions; three a the typical crew size. One thing we don't know is how many small-take thefts just go unreported now, as break-ins (of autos, especially) have become epidemic. My city doesn't even send a response for property crimes now. The victim just files a report on their website for insurance purposes. A friend in Berkeley had two petty burglaries in the past year-plus and didn't report for that reason. Must your homepage use GoogleAnalytics? For me, seeing that each page hits GoogleAnalytics and Gravitar and DoubleClick turns me away immediately. I'm more concerned about a commercial site that bought "suicide" as a term. "At the present time an average police officer can shoot an average unarmed person, kill them and will likely face zero criminal charges" Do you have an independent reference for that, by any chance? It would also be interesting to hear your opinion as to typical motive for doing such a thing. In a criminal case, you would get a Public Defender. In a civil case, there are public-interest agencies who may be interested, or with a strong case a skilled attorney could take your case on contingency. Use of the word "voted" is false. isn't comcast owned by NBC? Vice-versa. I think he was complaining about ZDNet's choice of article title; the OP here just duplicated it. bad link. You described the U.S. immigration regulations as "broken immigration system" three times in that one posting. Is it substantially easier for foreign workers to immigrate into your home country? "Just about to complete my degree in mechanical engineering... I have no technical knowledge" Well, those two claims seem to be at odds with each other. Maybe you think you lack a particular realm of knowledge you desire? When I was just about to finish my (C.S.) degree, I had little mental bandwidth for anything else but that and work. Perhaps take a fresh look after you complete your degree? Maybe I'm missing something, but I don't see evidence that this is the latent HIV leaving its hidden reservoirs (and making all of it instances vulnerable to treatment) rather than just reproducing more virus copies into the bloodstream while remaining in the hidden reservoirs. I read something about it being a function of how much longer you are aboard a freighter vs. a cruise. If you are at sea 3X as long, it costs 3X to feed you, etc. The outbound number was inflated by counting U.S.-born children as "Mexicans", going "back" to Mexico. You are equating getting a "permit to work" with immigrating . How many of those foreigners have a right to permanent residency? "The SeatGeek app now allows you to send tickets to anyone else, right from your phone. Your friend will be able to get into the game with the app – no printing, no meeting..." Um, maybe . The venue has no obligation to accept phone scans, and a growing number of venues is refusing to allow people to just scan a PDF off their phones rather than have a printed instrument because it is a growing vector for fraud. Only the official marketplace can validate the barcodes. For example, Ticketexchange for most pro sports other than baseball and StubHub for most major league baseball teams. An individual can do an ad hoc validation of a given ticket by trying to create a listing on the official marketplace. You will be able to create a listing only if the ticket is valid and unencumbered (by an existing resale listing). I tried to sell my recliner, but I couldn't find a way to upload it. "We're working with venues and have venue access control policies within our data model for every event." Care to name a few with which you have any agreement? "Irony... dollar for dollar, it's your best entertainment value." One of my favorite old Usenet .sig lines. Yeah. As if. original posting with lots of comments here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10590758 Santa Monica police chief's perspective: http://santamonicapd.org/Content.aspx?id=54286 Bear in mind that they may not be seeking to move product for little/no profit so much as they are seeking to assemble demographic data on their buyers for use/resale elsewhere. "Shouldn't they have counted me when I moved to Mexico?" Counted, sure. Counted you as Mexican , no. Remember, this is "Mexican" as in Mexican national, not latino/Hispanic as in culture or demographics. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10596381 a related thread that got a lot of activity earlier in the week: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10556332 What happens if the price overflows the limit of a 32-bit integer? related article: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10528119 Why was the title changed to say something the article does not claim? Well, if they follow St*bhub's model, they would probably just refund any claim of problem by the buyer and take that out of the seller... even if the seller did nothing wrong and the buyer is trying to defraud. e.g. claimed denial-at-door (even if because of misuse by the buyer) , claimed somebody else in the seats, etc. They refund without requiring proof of problem partially because they know you can dispute with your credit card issuer anyway, and that's a difficult case for them to prevail on. A web search shows that number posted all over the web... but never BY Facebook itself . Looks dodgy to me. "Though I drank tons of water during Soylent, according to the instructions, those missing 4 lbs of water weight indicate I may have been less hydrated when I came in the second time." More likely: you carried a lot less liver and muscle glycogen by the end (a typical result of low carb intake), and glycogen binds a lot of water. When I first keto dieted, I lost 13 pounds in the first 2.5 days, probably almost all water, much of that probably from shedding glycogen. Are there studies that there is a realistically reachable level of toxicity just by drinking tea, green or fermented? The latter study doesn't seem to say, and the former link just gives me "Forbidden". Did you read your own link? I think you made a conclusion that isn't in the data, unless I'm misreading something: "Among all Latinos, there were 14.1 million immigrants in 2000. By 2005, that number reached 16.8 million, and by 2013, there were 19 million Latino immigrants in the U.S." Even in the down-economy period (2005-2013), there was a net increase . And those numbers exclude their US-born children. Another article from Popular Mechanics: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10591988 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10594494 related Washington Post article with numerous comments: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10597645 It's pretty sad that a Forbes editor can't spell a Fortune 50 (#32) corporation name right. "What Proctor (sic) & Gamble Can Teach the Health Care Industry: Assume Nothing About Patients" Light and Vitamin D could have independent mechanisms of action. Yes, but what is the preferred mechanism: comment accordingly, or flag, or both? Owning makes you feel more like a sucker than renting? It chokes on addresses that don't need a street, like the IRS. e.g. Internal Revenue Service Fresno CA 92666-2154 This link just hangs for me. You mean, like an X terminal? Actually, a Chromebook is kind of like that - a browser only. There was a great NOVA episode on this, although (to me) their website search makes it hard to find: http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/nova/next/evolution/why-did-homo-nal... Care to speculate on why Saudi Arabia itself isn't accepting Syrian refugees? Is there a sufficient grid infrastructure to support mass export of electricity, and given such, how do you keep it safe from vandals or saboteurs? I think the Tabata airbag fiasco is an exception. Or a high-media-attention sensitive area. With regenerative braking. "Any breaking change, no matter how small increments the Breaking version number. Incrementing the Breaking version number has absolutely no relationship with issuing a release." Wow. Am I only in thinking that this is seriously inadequate? If you are knowingly making a change that "breaks" your installed base, there had better be a compelling (and well-explained) reason for it, along with advice how a user can detect if their code is affected and instructions on how to rework it. Version numbers are not decoration. A user (and, more importantly, your support and engineering organizations) should be able to determine by the full (not necessarily front-page displayed, but available, like in an About tab) version number whether a given known bug affects them. Medical tourism doesn't work for chronic disease requiring recurring visits/treatments... unless you move there. or he is carefully hiding higher intelligence from you. To paraphrase Steve Martin, if you have $3000 worth of unexplained dog treats and chewy-toys show up at your doorstep, make sure you are shredding your credit card statements before putting them in said garbage can. Unfortunately, the abstract says nothing about how "leg power" is measured or what exercise regimens were used. Lifting and sprinting will utilize different fibers (and fuels) than cardio. I'd also want to see how they corrected for other effects, e.g. sleep. I sleep a lot faster and better a couple of hours after lifting, and that will have other benefits like hGH release. That puts disproportional emphasis on quadriceps strength. I had hoped for a broader metric. "Landing with parachute on Mars, where there is no atmosphere ?" In fact, they were really forward-thinking, as it turned out 30+ years later. Also, this strangely omitted one of the most infamous and most valuable: the inverted Curtis Jenny. -403 error. Homepage gives back an Apache test page. Has anybody gotten a response from this site in any of the submissions of the last 3 days? I just get hangs, on multiple browsers -- including without AdBlock. It would be easiest to do so for 10 million of the poorest. Microlending and clean water initiatives like Living Water give a lot of bang for the buck, both in providing water for small-scale agriculture and saving the immense amount of time and effort it takes just to haul water for drinking and household use, often poor quality water at that. "But Bean, who was sitting in the right seat, just in front of the switch, remembered it from the sim the previous year." I guess we can forgive Bean for frying the color TV camera, then. Wouldn't that all be transmitted in the clear? I see a lot of risk of privacy leakage. "Information has been including (sic) to help you better understood (sic)..." Seriously? From a teacher ? I hope this is a hoax. "It shows that across the country as a whole, the price of houses has grown much more rapidly than the price of building houses. The issue is, roughly, zoning." No, the issue is that the cost of land in those areas is increasing faster than the cost of construction. "I am shocked, shocked to find graft going on in this establishment!" I don't know if you're seeking feedback, given that this isn't an Ask HN post, but I would suggest offering ingredient exclusion options (e.g. gluten or other allergens, non-vegetarian ingredients, mechanically-separated "meat", etc.) Innovations in antibiotics discovery using mass-production methods like the iChip have already made potentially big discoveries: http://www.nature.com/news/promising-antibiotic-discovered-i... More: http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2015/01/07/37561616... http://www.technologyreview.com/news/533966/from-a-pile-of-d... and I could have sworn that PBS had a segment on this research on Nova or Nova ScienceNow, but their search doesn't seem to find it. You might start by changing "rid" to "out" in your title. At first, I thought you wanted to get rid of HN. This might get more traction with a less obscure title. Also consider changing "this country" to "my country" or Turkey. Management that doesn't care about regressions then later also sticks you with placating the customers who get screwed by those regressions. Um, isn't clearing cache, cookies, loaded pages, etc. the first thing one tries? It is locally convex in the sense that it has no loops Of course it has loops. But in the scale of the drawing , the loops are lost due to the vast distance from Earth/Moon system to Sun. How does he get insurance for this complicated guest-driver matrix? Why did you post two versions of the same story in the same minute? Dude. You downvoted me for pointing that out? Seriously? A more thorough explanation was posted by somebody else here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10611002 I think thr original full title, "Inside Faraday Future, the secretive car company chasing Tesla" is more descriptive. why is 'math' not in the Firefox spell check dictionary? Apparently, it's not used enough to get populated in the dictionary. The Cell paper full text is viewable for free here: http://www.cell.com/cell/fulltext/S0092-8674(15)01481-6 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10611669 Story from BBC: http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34897767 Another source, posted to HN earlier: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10613392 backgrounder here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10614310 At 1:23 into the video, is that the DEATH STAR moving right to left?! Here's the actual link to episode 1 (of 4) -- it doesn't appear on the front page: http://www.nasa.gov/connect/ebooks/rockets_people_vol1_detai... ^ he means forward slash. Dang DOS newbies... ;) Yes... ironic to get a -404 given the title referring to cancellation to be fair, this was posted within a minute of the other; the predecessor was probably not visible yet. here's the bill: https://www.congress.gov/bill/114th-congress/senate-bill/226... If nothing else, you can download a bunch of John Batchelor podcasts. His weekend shows are author interviews. here's an opinion piece on this article: https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20151123/10050732890/teleg... https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10616748 Bear in mind that the USA is at higher latitude, so day-length variations are far more pronounced as you approach the solstices. Interesting that they don't mention one of the worst Superfund sites (Lorentz Barrel and Drum), which lies right across Alma from Spartan Stadium and right across 10th St. from Sharks Ice. "But it wasn't a hoax dude. It actually happened. He got arrested for pretty much _no_ reason whatsoever." The whole "homemade clock" claim is what was a hoax, regardless of any subsequent panic about its application. (If you aren't clear on the backstory, look it up. It's just a mass-production A/C-powered clock taken out of its case. For example, see: http://www.ebay.com/itm/MICRONTA-Large-Red-Display-Digital-A... ) Regarding the reaction: hindsight is a handy thing, but we live in an era where schools routinely go into complete lockdown if some kid or staffer thinks he might have spotted a weapon. When you read the article carefully, some things pop out: 1) BBC makes no mention here of the whole "homebuilt" concept itself being a hoax, e.g. a "homemade" clock (why the suitcase ?) that was really just a disassembled, mass-production A/C-powered clock). 2) Lawyer letter stating, "Irving Police officials immediately determined that the clock was harmless" is false. Beat cops aren't qualified to make any such analysis; even things as innocuous as an unattended backpack get further analysis by specifically trained personnel. 3) "Ahmed's father ... once stood as a presidential candidate against (Sudanese President) Bashir." That's a pretty strong theoretical motive for a publicity stunt. In any case, they leveraged the fauxtrage into a full scholarship to The Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community... so, mission accomplished. Another article, however, claims the following: "(Teacher) did escort Ahmed to the office, where the letter alleges that five police officers, the principal and the assistant principal performed an "interrogation." During that time, he was allegedly not permitted to contact his parents and was forced to sign a letter of confession under the threat of expulsion." Now, if that is true, that warrants investigation and corrective action on its own, completely unrelated to religion, national origin, or who "made" the item, or why. Meanwhile, this article says that his older sister claims to have been suspended 5-6 years earlier over alleged threats to blow up her school: 'The sister claimed after the arrest that she had been suspended from a school for several days. “I got suspended from school for three days from this stupid same district, from this girl saying I wanted to blow up the school, something I had nothing to do with,” she said, without providing evidence or proof. The episode occurred around 2009, she said. The scare happened in “my first year of attempting middle school in America. I knew English, but the culture was different, the people were different,” Eyman said. “I got suspended and I didn’t do anything about it,” she said.' http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/09/23/ahmeds-si... If true, that's an interesting pattern. Public agencies face a different process. One can't just sue such an agency for damages directly; one makes a financial claim against the agency instead. Then, if the claim is denied and not settled, then one can sue. A cynic would say it's a case of the carnival folding up the tents and leaving town before the locals figure out that the midway games were fixed. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10614709 Then why not just edit your first post accordingly? The same reason you downvoted me for pointing this out, I guess. Are you saying that retrograde motion would not be observed from the Sun's perspective? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10619027 "The report did not examine the impact of outside money on the messages of groups that encourage activism on climate change." https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10620576 "They don’t understand that Venmo isn’t PayPal and doesn’t offer the same kind of buyer and seller protections. " Actually, in each of the stated examples (tickets not shipped via physical delivery with signature confirmation), Paypal's seller protection would not have applied, either. That's another common vector for fraud. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10626210 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10624759 first load of this page had an obnoxious popup tab requesting a http://www.musixhub.com download! Um... I selected the default of Fairfield, California, and the map it gives says: "Within 8,190 km from Krachi, Ghana" https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10625238 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10628231 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10628231 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10628231 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10624601 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10624601 "this page is not available" Scientific Consensus has been wrong many times. Surgery, especially the importance of a sterile theater. Age of the Earth, and universe. Most common cause of ulcers. The coming Snowball Earth (as recently as late 1980s). Obesigens, like AD-36. Microbiome importance and effects. Numbers of moons (I had textbooks that said Jupiter had 12, Saturn 10, and outer planets, none) Environment management (e.g. killing wolves and beavers because of "harm" they do to ecosystems). Just off the top of my head. What can't you do with find? Are you quoting your wildcards properly? Did you ever consider hiring a proofreader? e.g. "A couple of decades later, in 1995, there was another a man but also a woman, and their names were Doug Zell and Emily Mange, and they decided that they would buy coffee directly from coffee farmers and not blend it with coffee from other farmers and that also they wouldn’t roast it all that dark, so you could taste the flavors of the actual farm where this “single-origin” coffee came from, sort of like wine, which costs a lot of money, and maybe coffee could cost that much too, and they called their coffee Intelligentsia. " That sentence should be euthanized. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10627598 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10628400 Note that a .22LR almost killed U.S. President Reagan and seriously wounded James Brady and two others. ... just like a bunch of hicks with Kentucky rifles couldn't be of any use against the greatest military power the world had ever known to that point (1770s), with its vast navy, cannon, artillery, and mercenaries. "... they'd look, complain about the annoyance, put it away, and then repeat as soon as the next notification popped up." But I'm guessing they'd be a lot less likely to purchase anything from that entity than before the pushes. That's how I react. These are the people who watch home shopping channels, That's so cool of you. I'm sorry I'm just now seeing this. To be fair, bungee-cording kids to the roof looks more tacky and dangerous, plus it worsens wind resistance. It's hard to cut useful rifling into anything but metal or ceramic. A revolution mainly just takes strength of numbers; it's different from a war. The Berlin Wall fell without a shot, for the most part. And there's an awful lot of killing going on in urban areas of Israel right now with just blades . Likewise, 9/11 was accomplished with just tiny blades. "Sorry, the page you were looking for in this blog does not exist." Push notifications are the online equivalent of the Home Shopping Network. Heck, I hated Pointcast with a passion when it came out, what, 20 years ago? HN articles are Buy One, Get One Free until 23:59:59 GMT. I read somewhere that Whatsapp gained a lot of traction in countries where per-text fees were still rampant, and the texting within Whatsapp just flowed as normal data with no per-message charges. 808x has no Protected Mode or extended memory until the 80286 (actually the 80186, though hardly anybody used it) came out, beginning the IBM AT generation. AT&T had an early UNIX PC series, the 6300 (8086, in a rebranded Olivetti unit)) and 6300 Plus (80286). I think the former only ran DOS and Venix, but they had a System V implementation for the Plus, IIRC. Prince Charles gets the corner office and the better parking space. All HN articles are archived by punching them into IBM cards, which have an 80-character maximum. But seriously, even 140 is arbitrary. One could ask, why have any limit at all? But given the ephemeral nature of individual postings, if you can't summarize within 80 characters, ask yourself if it's appropriate for the audience at all. dang has stated recently (and I would expect a corresponding update to the Guidelines page eventually) that terse or otherwise inadequate titles warrant enhancement for clarity (not to clickbait or unnecessarily dupe). Dupe recognition that doesn't rely purely on title is inevitable. The only term that avoids all confusion is the term "Native American" The Canadians use "First Peoples", which is arguably better. Indian Buddhists, Jain, Muslims, etc. must love that. What do you think of this review? https://fizzle.co/sparkline/podcast-high-quality-microphone-... calling this "boiling" water is like calling carbonated water "boiling water".