The most of pro-prohibition crowds are either not-so-bright people who grab all their wisdom from TV without any proper experience whatsoever beyond alcohol & cigarettes, or law-enforcement-related people. As in many other cases, I believe following money explains it nicely. Ignoring the former redneck case, the rest has actually good bussiness case for latter. Ie legalize weed US nationwide, and many prisons (let's not forget many are private owned by investors, who want only one thign - maximize their profits by having as many inmates as possible), DEA loses maybe 90% of the success claims they have, and maybe local police can have more time dealing with serious issues. For conservative politicians, its political ammo par exellence, since if they will go hardline on drugs, there are very few risks to their career, and they can always claim all the usual stuff (drugs are destroying families and young people, we care about them etc... ever heard that?). Ask yourself - what can a politician gain vs lose bybeing pro-weed in US? Too lazy to look it up, but if I remember correctly that one of DEA chiefs was also head of some UN panel on drugs, which then enforce rules for all UN member states (read whole world maybe except North Korea). From first glance, it might make sense. But show me one career-oriented competitive guy (and being head of such an agency, you have to be at least that, and have a lot of political games skills), who would undermine his own little kingdom, and make his own subordinates lose job by declaring that some of most popular drugs shouldn't be banned. One real example - weed & hashish have thousand years of history in hindu culture (look up shiva day when almost all india is high), yet they had to ban it after they joined UN. So, we can thank those guys for making policies that worldwide raise crime, help supporting organized crime on massive scale (brutal mexical cartels are a fine example, out of many, ie afghanistan) It's like thinking, that in banking/trading/brokering, it's always the client's best interest that's primary drive. Well yes of course, unless the bussiness is funded mainly by operational fees. WHat do those brokers do? Make you do as many operations as possible, of course, without being too obvious :) (*no references here :)) Or... you can invest your most precious possesion you have, that is the remaining time in this planet, to have a life ;) That doesn't go against achieving full potential mentioned above, just that narrowing your efforts and energy only to what is daily job for most people here... let's say most people have other priorities in life Nobody will reencode anything in photo sites. Just newer content will be supported. As for FB, their internal re-compression of jpegs is annoying as hell. Fine details taken with D750 become blocky almost cell phone quality images. Solution? Upload PNG. nah, not really true for my experiences. For general IT geeky introvertish people, traders are exactly on opposite side of personality spectrum. 99% jobs are worse than hedge fund jobs? again, simply not true "That money and our presence there hasn't worked" - I don't agree. It is valid if you are naive and believe US went around the world twice to spread goodwill and western values to those who despised them anyway, by blasting hundrets of thousands of civilians (and few armed guys along) to pieces. But, if you look at those adventures from economical perspective of those who have huge influence in US politics all the way to white house and can profit nicely from any war effort, there are no big mysteries. Or, just "follow the money" works nicely. - completely agree on that cash spending point. in fact, my personal opinion is that we shouldn't try to reach the stars/other planets until we solve our massive issues here, ie no person should die from hunger, all children should get proper education/health care, minimize polluting/raping our own ecosystem etc. You know, the basics of fabric of any sustainable advanced society that we sometimes claim to be/aspire to be. - multiculturalism has largely not worked, at least not for europe's immigration. the issue is lack of any proper integration, accepting european values etc. People here are well aware, and incidents like these will play nicely in hands of terrorists. Further polarization of society, meaning more jihad recruits, more attacks and so on. It doesn't matter that maybe 98% of muslims here are nice people that don't cause any issues (apart from that integration, but if I were living in muslim country, I wouldn't accept their values neither). US fares much better in this aspect. I am not at all talking about stopping all space exploration, banning rocket science or similar nonsense. Only specifically about manned mission to mars and huge amount of cash that will cost it. Be it a noble cause, there are more noble and pressing ones that will have much more positive impact on our society. And just because something ain't easy it shouldn't be aspired to be done? Or do you really feel internally perfectly OK throwing away stale food knowing there are kids starving out there? (seen those first hand, not in africa but in india, and to say it's a touching and saddening experience is a gross understatement). well that's nice and all, so next time CEO wants a new fleet of jet aircrafts for him, all should pay more for the medicines? Because, you know, we can? Companies should definitely make profit, but their default modus operandi is "milk the cow as long as possible", which would directly result in many deaths... not much sympathy from the crowd there. Let's not forget simple math here - company is/was charging for medicine that doesn't cost more than few tens of bucks to produce... 69,000? Sorry, ridiculous all the way through. Don't care about research bla-bla Just turn on that weird device that used to be called TV. During winter, 1/3 of the adds are medicines. Who pays for those adds? All those who buy medicines... let me guess - you have this Putin guy as a personal hero and the best thing that happened to Russia for decades, right? :) Black & white world you live in, I think some time outside your home country would do you good. what is annoying for me is unreliability of delivery of messages. some never get to target phone! Simple scenario - I send messages 1, 2, 3. All three gets delivery on target phone (double gray "hook"), first one gets to be read (hooks turn blue), second doesn't, third does. Country - Switzerland. Both platforms - android. Just one step away from moving away from whatsapp, considering competition offers sometimes much more (ie viber - emoticons, childish but lovely way to talk to my gf :)) all I see is a fear (of being alone, whatever might be the reason) and weakness (to face reality, to stand to annoying people around etc.). You wanna be alone? So be, and be proud of it, no small lies all around you. Or way more realistically, you wanna partner? Well get the hell out of your stupid phone and meet real people. It ain't easy, but nothing really important in life is... This is vastly mentality problem and consequences that comes with it. Simple fact is, southern european countries have laid back attitude which is nice to enjoy and so on, but doesn't perform well and has more drawbacks in long term, as we can see. The s t had to hit the fan hard, and it did for people to wake up. What do you expect - full pardon on all mistakes? It won't happen next time, we promise? You know, one of life's lessons is - you pay for all your mistakes, and youth is no excuse for them. Sometimes, in a very hard way. We all have crappy politicians in one or other way, but guess what - unless vote was rigged, they were elected by majority. I do agree with notion that in democracy nation has leaders that it deserves, exceptions will even out in broader average (either location or time based). One generic example - when there was massive tax evasion, people should have outsted it's government for closing an eye on it. They didn't. Now they face consequences for what every sane moral person must have felt is wrong. now, nothing. In future, possibly raise some sort of (EM) shield? Of course nothing to for us/our kids, but I am sure within few millenia this would be perfectly feasible (at least my imagination wishing so :) I have couple more (definitely having an issue at the end of call having screen locked) - sometimes it starts playing my Shuffle player out of blue, while being in pocket (but for last months it didn't happen) - sometimes my Sygic car navigation fails to catch up in plain open terrain for very long time (though this might not be related to OS at all) - if phone is not on cable, I can be 1 hour next to known wifi and it will still use my limited 3g connection. Once i turn on screen, in 2-3 secs it's in. Same goes for some messaging apps (ie whatsapp) overall OK phone for the price (especially when seeing colleague's Moto X being bricked/losing all data few times from google's updates), but far from bugless. same as you can have, just stand up and walk away from treadmill... oh wait, cash, security, not dying from appendicitis and whatnot is so comfortable, right? :) 90's for me :) ... and would you then test all critical systems, one by one, when having morning rush to work in example? Once you trust you trust, and if you don't, you don't update. Not much space between (for me) ... good example, but McLaren is far from your usual car manufacturer. In purchasing price you pay also for these services... agreed, these lowest (if any) income class should stay away from any kind of debts as far as possible. It's a spiral that they've already fallen through at least once ads are paid by click, no? so if you don't click, no harm done plus the doors were blasted out (explosive bolts), so I din't think the door were able to shut anymore. heating didn't work in capsule too. So if curious bear would come (and they are really curious beasts) and start having fun with doors and weird meatbags inside, I don't think they would be in a nice situation in case you didn't notice, it was cold WAR during that era :) also, US had this tiny little program called STAR WARS... but please continue with your personal impressions, they seem trippy enough to be fun to read now you're mixing apples and... uranium ore. next step is extrapolating heroin/crack/meth addiction drawbacks to alcohol and tobacco addicts, right? I tried shrooms roughly 10-15x in my life, gradually found a way to get most out of the experience (instead of 5-6 hours of mediocre intensity having 2-3 hours of pure joy). Never tried anything harder/different than this & pot, so there goes gateway thingie. I don't even know how to describe what I've been trough, but always purely positive extremely intensive experience. FOr me it's not social drug like pot. In fact, when trying to walk around in broad daylight, meeting people etc. the struggle to look normal was literally killing whole trip, since reality was much stronger info feed to my brain. Since it's digested, after laying down in bed and closing eyes, I would describe the event as gradually losing all senses and connection with body. My self dissolving into something like a mist, breaking into atoms and just hovering. I am an atheist, but it was always very spiritual experience (to me it explains a bit why there are so many religions - we have it built in somehow). Coming back from trip was not instant, always like going down some massive mountain, step by step, discovering your senses and body again (you don't realize that you are "seeing" without anyhow utilizing your eyes, until you start getting them back. Same for rediscovery of hands for example). Would I advise these to anybody? Nope. As article said, if one has some deep issues, this can unearth them. But so can excessive alcohol and other stuff (one of my ex' father had schyzophrenia attack triggered by excessive drinking, stayed with him whole life after that accident). Is this an issue of psychedelics? No, just us. They are just powerful tool, nothing more. That being said, didn't have ones for couple of years, mostly because they are not easily accessible (collecting wild mushrooms can bring nasty poisoning if you mix them up for others, and I don't feel up for Tor orders :)). They are definitely not addictive, in fact after each experience being so hugely intense, I didn't feel the curiosity for quite some time. Also, trip being super intense, after it I always get terrible headache from my brain being literally owerworked. I say everybody who is mentally OK (strong condition here) should try them once. I think mankind overall would look better, and be happier :) in fact, constant stress would make body even weaker. psychosomatism is a real thingie. not that happy people cannot die from cancer exactly! I had my back tatoo being done on 4 sessions, each was 4-hour long experience. It felt as a pizza cutter running here & there on my back, having areas around spine and sides much more sensitive and thus painful. I can guarantee you, after coulpe of hours of nearly-sustained pain, I was dumbed down to basic creature, which can say yes, no, left, right and that was about it. Imagining 2 years of it... you, not even me, have an idea how crippiling such pain long term is. I can see roughly your point - but it's a point made by boy who has no clue how crippiling constant pain is. Neither do I, but I had at least a glimpse. With pain level high enough, it would cripple your remaining days to drooling struggle to function like a human being. That's why most of those unfortunates end up on high doses of painkillers, which really dumb them down to semi-consious level. That's not what psychedelics do to you. Yeah, definitely, but there are drawbacks too. if you already have a woman by your side that you want to spend rest of your life with (and judging by your comment about son, you should be there) - extra ladies attention is annoying as hell. If you are actually mentally a grown up, this ain't an impressive result as it might seem :) (Yes, been/am there, but to impress ladies you don't need to be creepy muscular type. Just a sporty one. Especially if you care about quality of your partner, not just quantity). as for strength - I find it much better to have real world-usable one, combined with endurance. Examples you describe are OK, but better use cases for me are - being able to climb that mountain (or just hike it), full day of of-piste skiing (its damn hard on quads) etc. In many sports, too much muscles has negative impact. For high altitude, common knowledge is that gym type muscular types struggle more up there. For climbing same. But that's me. It also brings freedom in eating - keeping huge amount of muscles while doing some 3-week effort on Aconcagua... not really possible. Nah, you can start gym/intense excercise anytime, I started about... 31? Major imporovement in about everything, including sex (you don't get tired so easily for example). There is no "too late" age. As for losing muscles - our bodies run in "least necessary amount needed" mode, since muscles are nutritient-hungry to sustain if not needed. You need to constantly push them to even sustain your level of strength/endurance. If I stop all my activities for 2 weeks, you feel horribly weak when coming back. Marathon runner could write books about it :) This behavior can be found in all markets out there, regardless of the scope. And then comes beauty of free market - over longer term, taking acount bigger mass of farmers for example, more desired product should win. There are many tractor manufacturers, and if John Deere is deemed c p manufacturer in long term, some other makers will eat its market share, either by providing simpler machinery (ie trend mentioned in article when farmers buy older models), or open one. If farmers as a whole are "not-so-clever" though, and they keep buying new ones (ie voting with their money for fragile new tech), then they deserve the new tech "punishment". Lesson to be learned here - be conservative about new technology and buy only long-proven solutions, regardless how much average HN Joe might not like this non-cool approach. Also, fully agree that they shouldn't be made any more special than other jobs. Maybe ideal would to completely lose warranty (ie like iphone jailbreak), but making it criminal act is way too much. journalism is too much flattery in this case The pattern is apparent - once you become rich, you don't want to donate millions to governments in taxes. Anyway you do, but trying to minimize it. Be it for their lack of any transparency how cash will be used (mostly wasted in very ineffective way). It doesn't matter if it's famous or unknown rich. Now what to do with this situation... There are too many tax havens out there (Suisse, Monaco, Channel islands, Luxemburg, Malta etc. - this is just good ol' europe). There will always be rich, powerful people no matter what system you come up with (sheep/wolf human nature responsible here). If you tax them too much, they will flee (ie Tina Turner) and you lose all the money for good. Those are clever people, having best financial advisors out there. Heck, if I had hard earned/inherited millions or more, I wouldn't want to support some war efforts/failing eu social policies either. If feeling generous, you can always give back more directly ie by building some school, avoiding bureaucrats that eat away most of cash. YOu know, the richest man in the world style. There is a good reason why he didn't donate all his money to something existing, but managing investments by himself (maybe not exact description, but you get the point). All in all, nothing new... Nice textbook phrases, now let's get back to the real world out there for a while. Do you even understand the simple truth, that most of the times no law is broken in tax optimalizations? Only when it does, it gets highly publitized. Usually, tax systems are full of loopholes and accountants just need to be creative enough (and yes, they are...). Without breaking any specific law, by logic "what is not explicitly forbidden is allowed". Personally, I do believe in minimal and fair taxation. If you have system where successful people have over 50% tax burden (quite common in progressive tax systems), you can expect many attempts to get away from it. Just human nature. Your textbook phrases won't help much, do they. Just look at Switzerland itself - most democratic country in the world, one of the richest (and their wealth ain't based on banking secrecy - whole banking industry brings roughly 12% into GDP... tourism and high quality exports are primes here). Low personal and corporate taxation, and the country and system just works. Why cannot rest of europe work this way? How much tax evasion is within Switzerand? Almost none... waaait, you call people living ie in Zug canton and commuting to Zurich "a massive tax evasion"??? People are doing what they want and can, within the swiss law, which is perfectly OK with this scheme of things. If it wouldn't be OK, the could easily pass laws ie for work permit/canton of residence relationships. There is this part of the tax called Federal tax, ya know... Now that you personally find the already uber-rich Zurich city somehow being on the wrong end of tax deal is your own personal issue. Personal anecdote - my friend is living in Zurich, commuting daily to Zug for work. But that's another story :) those "discs" are per month? anyway, my comment was on rich people, no real definition but say earning more than 1 mil eur/ear. If I understood your description correctly, they pay around/above 50% of taxes, right? How many of you folks have found a long lasting, good quality date via Tinder? Serious question, no pun intended. For me, albeit using it for only cca 6 months, it was useless. Same for people around me. Yes, I got tons of likes, many conversations, a few dates that could be more if wanted, but women available via this were mostly... uninteresting. I am a bit picky (I am quite sporty type, and silicone beauties whose idea of perfect sunday is basically doing nothing while showered in luxury repulse me). Never been looking for one night stands or similar, that's for poor folks with daddy (and other) issues. Those kind of "relationships" tend to take more from person than give, and after some time, meeting such a person is rather sad story (or, more blatantly who wants to seriously date slutty used opposite sex). Well, once you've got things to offer to women that they want, you can, and will be picky. I kept telling myself, it's just another way of meeting people, like all others. But for me, tinder crowd ain't doing the "game" seriously enough. Maybe location didn't help (Geneva, on border with France, and to be polite general French mentality towards relationships ain't compatible with mine). So I found amazing girl via other ways (climbing), dropped whole tinder app into oblivion. Nice idea, and kudos to this guy for really getting max out of concept, but not for me. And seeing success rate around me, just going to a stupid bar, dressing nicely and just be a man women want gives you way more reward for any effort. But it cannot be done from couch, can it :) Indeed, very true. There is always naive hope for the odd one, and I am sure for many it is. But then again, there are quite a few very compatible partners out there, for most of us. All the magic is about meeting them somehow, in right time. those are some good examples and make sense, thanx! Tried the meeting part, don't like to judge people based on few photos. There are some seriously nice and interesting girls that I met, via other ways, that don't have a single WOW photo. But as other poster suggested, our location plays its role too. all the good luck to you & your relationship ;) why, because i don't desperately sleep with all the girls that I meet in my life, just because they show interest? if not obvious from what I wrote, that's EXACTLY kind of thing I am not looking for, and for me, and few friends it's exactly the kind of thing Tinder offers. All the guys and girls I know that behave like this, there are some deep(er) issues in their past, usually broken families, mostly missing/abusive father figure. I tried to fix one girl like that that I deeply loved, and she did almost break me. Almost :) Probably right on spot, this place attracts specific type of people, at least for many job positions. As for French attitude, this is very subjective and local, so YMMV. Attitude of girls I met (not only dating, just friends) is that more you sleep around, the better. One girl for example was proudly saying that she did sleep with less than 20 guys, and how cool is that and I am so lucky! Or my current GF got uniform advices from her french colleagues when she broke off her last relationship, that she should sleep around for a while "to heal". Stories like these all over the place, consistent. These are not some trashy girls I met randomly on some beerfest or in stinking old bar, but women holding significant positions in multinational corps. This is of course not a general talk about all french girls, just a little sample I had an honor to meet in Geneva & around. And it doesn't apply to swiss french, they're different species altogether :) I enjoy sex too! Just preferring quality over quantity, that's all :) Plus hookup attitude does bring variable, usually low quantity and quality, among other potential issues. But it's true Tinder app didn't work for me, and I am very happy for those that wrote success stories here. I would have different attitude towards it if I was say 17 again. Glad I am not :) True, but title is really misleading, and from true photography point of view, smart phone cameras are edge case, on low quality end of spectrum. Also, most people with smartphone will never care for more than point & click, so suggested slight enhancement of coverage would make much more sense (although it doesn't put in anything that isn't already written out there 1000x times). Your story reminds me of my current GF, who is catholic. she had to "justify" dating me to her granny, who said something along "he is probably mkay, but atheist! have you lost your mind?" After meeting me, granny had to correct her perception and accept that atheists can be actually good people too :) do-not-agree. my example - after breaking up with girls, smoking pot make me come to terms with it rather quickly, gaining different perspective (ie that necessary step back that you don't have when deep in it). I see too many people dwelling in the past long gone, strong negative reactions when meeting previous lover etc (if one really moves on, meeting an ex is a "meh" experience no matter what happened... how many times did you see the opposite?). Curing grief, and I mean really curing for good, instead of being depressed has a net positive effect for me. If this thing would be completely legal, I wouldn't be destroying my lungs by smoking it, but apply some nasal spray, eye drops or similar with no side effects. true, proper term is "dew point" I believe, that's where all the wet magic happens (however weird that sentence looks like, it's perfectly normal) too dry air ain't very good for your "mucous" membranes (nose, throat, eyes etc). You want to be sicker just to save few bucks for heating? If poor, I guess it's the only option, but otherwise having heated place is same "luxury" as say buying a cheap & good coffee in the morning instead of doing it yourself... well you have probably exact date in the title of document ;) There is this Bush guy, easily the most hated US president to date by rest of the world (ie those +-95% of human race outside US). Let's not get too much into his lackey Rumsfeld... If in some ridiculous alternate reality Iraq would defeat US & UK and would actually went on and conquer them as nations, theye guys (joined by UK PM for examlpe) could easily end up in similar trial and be hanged. As you know, rules and history are written by vinners ;) not that I don't agree with all you say but... having lived under outright occupation by vast amounts of russian forces (former czechoslovakia), seeing how lack of freedom of speech, travel and... well just lack of freedom, centrally planned everything and the rest of it screws up entire generation of people, I would still opt for US. But that's the thing, that goes thought topics here too - US stepped down, and is continuing downwards, from "that hunky good friend of yours that you don't piss off and do what he says, and all is more than OK, otherwise he'll steal your lunch and breaks your leg" to simply lesser of all evils... BRAVO :( Yeah, iranians screwed up when they took US embassy hostages. It's a fact (too lazy to put references) that that embassy was actively messing with the iranian state (I would like to see how US would react if some foreign embassy did same intensity stuff in US) and that revolution was overthrowing corrupt dictator directly installed by UK & US. They should just politely kicked them out of country, and not giving US administration more cannon fodder. Without those hostages situation, right now Iran might have been on par with Dubai/Abu Dhabi or similar. They have the richness in oil & gas. Been there backpacking last year, people are amazingly, no AMAZINGLY friendly and nice. One of best trips of my life. They have their issues, some rather big ones, but so does other places. beginner's mistakes... how old are ya, kiddo? why I ask - you obviously troll here, nothing more :) Let's use analogy, maybe not 100%, but good enough - do you want to plan and have future where you have friends, which help each other (ie real friends), or do you want a future when where you spy on everybody, including your mother, father, best friend ever, your kids etc? Because you know, these attitudes will have lasting effects on our future and how will society look. If we don't even try to build fair world for our descendants, we'll never get there by accident. Or in other words - as a foreigner (would never want US citizenship exactly because of things like these) - we (in europe for example), for long thought we are friends. YOu helped us out in WW2, and it created special bond. Now it seems, you don't care anymore. Okay, we will try to find our own way. Things go both ways... Subjective experience here - been in Iran (Tehran, Isfahan, Yazd and places between those, backpacking & mountaineering). I think we all know better than to judge whole country of 80 million based on few radicals that are conveniently showed in TV? I have met several hundred people, most were very fond of west, US too (that surprised me), few didn't care and there was exactly 1 taxi driver in Isfahan, who asked me if I knew Obama - because he is war criminal... arguably not very bright type :) Maybe my experience isn't representative of the whole country, but few people screaming Death to america aren't either. We get it, you (US) want influence there, because of oil. And because of... oil. You don't like that there is actually somebody who doesn't care that much and isn't afraid. A bit egoistic, and I don't get what do you expect to get in long term, except for keeping whole region unstable, with weak rulers who bow in front of you... ah wait There is fundamental issue with spec - it cannot be implemented properly, because it completely ignores basic human "qualities" like greed, envy, paranoia, huge egos of power hungry control freaks on top of pyramide and so on. On paper it looks great of course, paper can handle a lot after all. Yes, we can keep trying, or we can learn from history. Wait... who does that? :) If universe is older than big bang, why don't we see anything older than that? I mean, there isnt such a drop in visibility of galaxy/bright object that is 5 billion vs 10 bilion years old. So, where are all 30 or more billion year old objects? Maybe there wasn't ultimate singularity in the beginning, but universe is definitely not the same no matter how far you look in the past. And yet there are endless possibilities for us compared to such a monarch. You wanna go to Bali for a month and just hang around, doing diving, kite boarding, hike to active volcano and much much more? No problem. That monarch? Didn't even read about that place in books. Even on that Bali, appendectomy won't kill you. Got fungus infection on feet? Here is cream, in 2 weeks you are OK. And so on... Yes, I think many many people live now much nicer lives than medieval monarchs. In 2 months, I go to Mont Blanc on skis, and I'll propose to my girlfriend up there if we both make it. As for monarch... I would presume stupid parents = rejecting vaccination for their kids because whatever... ain't it obvious? I disagree. Putin is building 21-century version of SSSR. He is in same delusional uber-ego dictator category as Stalin, just methods have matured, PR is better (well... he is still a shame to his country though), and he doesn't have the absolute power to unleash stalinist terror - it wouldn't work in same way as back then. To us in Europe, Putin (and hence Russia) is by far biggest thread to our society and our values. Forget cartoonish muslim terrorists, they are there just to catch headlines to get more sponsors/recruits from Saudi wahhabists. Putin, on the other hand, longs for his good old days in KGB and the power structure of the world back then. My country (Czechoslovakia back then) was heading towards democracy in 60', and it was invaded in '68 with russian forces just to stop it. For next 21 years, my tiny little country had 5% more population in form of soviet soldiers permanently stationed there. This recent bitter lesson won't be forgotten so easily - russians cannot be trusted. Period. I am more glad with US powerhouse being counterbalanced with Chinese. You can call my opinions personal, but Poles, Hungarians etc. could tell their own stories. I would even extrapolate and state that well-being of europe is, among other factors, linked to militarily weak russia. Once precious natural resources will go off (and eventually they will), there isn't much Russia has to offer to the world. If any non-russian disagrees, please go there living for few months, and let's talk after that. I wanted to write something about the country, that in many ways forgot the true meaning of word freedom... but then I realized you're probably just trolling, aren't you :) good for you to be such a fan, for one I am not, although owning their devices. Overpriced products, some botched updates (yes, most companies screw up more than once, but that's not an excuse), not really caring that much for customers (cases oficially usable under water were only included in Hero 3, which is roughly +-5th generation, till then they were just waterproof & completely out of focus). Image quality is a joke compared to recent cell phones. Price wise their top model is ridiculously expensive, without delivering anything special (ie better picture quality). Battery life is bad, and no sign of improvement (apart from PR talk every single release). THis is exactly the type of device needing long battery life, since it's often in environments where switching battery is impossible/very hard, and often being exposed to cold. They are chasing 4K video and ridiculous frame rates, but picture quality was never paramount (problem is, competition is worse). This is niche interest, most people don't need nor want 1080p / 120 fps. For nice slow-mo movies, you need anyway much higher framerate (at least 240 fps). They have good marketing, no doubts. As for products, not so much. I repeatedly end up with sundown images/videos being one ugly orange-oversaturated mess, that cannot be fully corrected in post processing (and why the hell should I? Even my 4 year old phone can cope with it automatically). I was recently considering whether to go for top of the line GoPro or buy small but good camera. Usages - underwater, climbing & mountaineering side camera. GoPro lost on all but small form factor, and I bought Canon S110 with underwater housing. It costed me same, picture quality is completely differetn level, and form factor is sometimes actually better with Canon. If you look around, there is quite a lot of people disappointed in them. But as I said, they have good marketing. oh boy, you sure have an issue with what hobbies people choose :) why don't you have an issue with people going bowling & drinking beer on saturday night, just to pick an example out of gazillions more? this one has more outcome than just joy of participants, everybody here except you accepts it and is happy about that... just sad trolling around? No matter how sad the thing is, she cannot be really helped that much. I mean, a decent psychoanalyst might deconstruct her to pieces and put back together (same goes for psychedelics but probably with bad results), but very few people go that way, and even fewer are actually helped. People like these are all around us, that's the really scary part for me. Some are quite obvious, some nto so much. Behaviour is same - playing victim, overreactions, their own twisted version of reality where they are right and everybody else isn't, some sort of attention whoring might be present too (some sad personal experiences here). Have no doubt - I feel sorry for her. This shows how important is to have this happy careless childhood - investment that cashes back for the rest of our lives (I humbly think I am one of those, for which I am eternally thankful to my parents). Just as everybody else suggests - keep your distance from such people, or it might bite back. Judging from my personal viewpoints and experiences (aka the usual YMMV), from those few feminists I know, most fall +- into this category. Much less narcisstic/sociopatic, but same breed. What I mean by this - looking very hard for any case of man/woman disparity in our society, ignoring that some professions are just better for men (and some for women, and others are +-equal). What is interesting is their lack of objectiveness - they will discuss and shame for long time situation in their current/previous work, how horrible is the situation in their western country, yet they are almost oblivious to horrible treatment of women that happens region-wide half around the globe (ie "yeah it's horrible how women can't drive in saudi arabia, BUT! that last job i had, one guy told me I women are happier when they bring up kids back home and not doing career! How horrible is that! How did he dare!" - roughly real conversations I had :)) Or - all is bad because of men. But rather don't look at the mess in their lives. I wish I finally meet some easy-to-communicate feminist girl, who is actually trying to change things in this world for women for better. I really wish so... but right now they are just a joke, to me & to my girlfriend. Maybe best feminist women are those who don't run around shouting how much feminist they are, but instead they let results of their efforts speak for themselves. Did I tell you I really wish to meet such a person? extra virgin olive oil, or good balsamic vinegar is great addition to any +- raw food... in fact, especially oil helps digestion of vitamins soluble only in fats. simple advice - stay away from that chemical cr*p Yeah stroke me too as very US centric view. From european view it's more about Belgium & Switzerland (for me personally Suisse, which has better chocolate, Belgium rules in pralines) download torrent now, buy later (ideally voting with your wallet by choosing another seller) nobody wants this war? are you kidding sir? there is a lot to earn on every single war, these one being no exception. All companies manufacturing weapons, ammunition, subcontractors etc. Stop wars, they are out of job. Is it utterly immoral? But yes of course. Is it clear to most people outside of US? Not much doubt there. Is this going to happen again? You bet it will. Why? Just because US can. There was not so long ago perception that US is the world police, the good guys. Well, these days, you guys are working hard to convince all the rest that China might be more suitable for this task. Is it really hard to see how much evil is US creating in our tiny world? Did it at least once to people like you occurred, that you really, REALLY cannot well justify waging war half across the world, for laughable reasons? yes, US is less bad than ISIS. Still far from being good guys though "Caldwell, who is probably the world’s greatest free-climber" 2 names: Adam Ondra, Chris Sharma 1 level: 9b+ (or 5.15c for US) while cycling (ie to work) on roads with cars, you are in full control of all dangerous elements... ooh wait who are you to say for others what they should do or shouldn't with their life? here we are talking about elite athlete, olympic winner-level, with his greatest asset being total control of his mind (on a level that can be probably envied by quite a few gold-medal owners). On personal level, he is also super-cool guy, humble, a bit shy. I have the impression that most so-called haters didn't even try rock (or any other) climbing. The ways you need to overcome your own fear (and it's strongest of them all - fear of immediate death). I never did solo and I don't see a reason for me, but even with ropes, climbing is very special activity, beyond usual sports based solely on your strength & endurance levels. I would even say it makes me a slightly better person, more experienced with myself - how I react in panic mode, how to overcome my imminent fears and just push forward when needed. Isn't this enough at least respect other peoples activities? He doesn't want any money from you, or anything else. In fact, leave him be and he will be the happiest. Let us, sport & climbing fans pay indirectly him a bit so he can do what others can only dream of / admire from distance. Don't you see pure love in him for what he does? Something that I really don't see in hugely overpaid football/hockey/basketball/whatever mainstream sportsmen these days. one of the first things I disable on new android phone (well, i have my second :)) nah, I presume like in everything else, one should strive for quality, not quantity. this being highly subjective, one does not want to be one of those people desperate to talk at all costs, just to avoid moments of silence. people write here about being good listener, and encourage your counterparts to talk about them. this might be OK if you are trying at all costs to be liked by somebody else (ie find new friend). otherwise, be yourself, find interesting people that share your view with. and don't be desperate, worthy friendships take time to build, and are not meant to be had with everybody out there it's more a matter of principle, whether you play along the con game like rest, or not. and no, diamonds are not expression of love, will not make marriage stronger, last longer, don't bring anything close to real happiness etc. "There's a reason why the financial industry has to pay the highest salaries. It's surely not out of generosity." They are one of few who can afford to pay higher, and give all kinds of perks. Everybody wants the best of breed to work for them, don't we? On the other side, while searching for a job, the lure of neat cashflow is a strong persuator for many. Plus there is plenty of pretty clever people in banking crowd (maybe some of them don't use their talent to max or in a way they would find fulfilling, but that's another topic). success doesn't come on its own, one needs to put some aimed effort into it, or rely on luck. I can say exactly the same about me, sometimes feeling like the biggest idiot around, with serious brain damage (really, not joking). But then I realize that I managed when working 100% to increase my paycheck 20x compared to my first Java 100% job right after school, doing roughly same job (it's a long story). Many kids being brighter than me, they now have "meh" jobs at best. For success, initial talent is just one of many properties. Anyway, what we should strive for is happiness, with oneself, with job, people and world around us. Rest are just details. that's what happens with long-term monopoly. although I don't use taxis at all, I grow more sympathies every time somebody fights them too. They're disruptive force, good for customers, bad for those unionized drivers afraid of competition. we as potential customers can only gain in more competitive environment. Track times are irrelevant achievement for 99% of people here (or anywhere), general handling performance not so much. Not only makes it driving experience much more pleasure, it also increases safety (in those crazy split-second-maneuvers situations which might end up in car crash if things go wrong). It also increases general stability of vehicle, and so on. My personal opinion - this is clearly future. I am glad for early adopters, to support this trend and this particular "disruptive" company, to benefits of us all and our kids. Present - not so much for me. I run 10 year old 3-litre diesel bmw 3-series, which was dirt cheap few years ago, and costs me nearly nothing to run (oil & xenon light bulbs change). Various state and insurance fees are most of expenses. These cars cannot compete on this segment (higher-middle class sedans), not in fun factor (ie that handling), not in price, not in reach - living in europe, I go quite frequently to road trips of several thousand kms... good luck with charging car along in present europe. It happened to me a few times I almost ran out of gas on remote german highways! So far, it's luxury city car for me, with vast future potential. As for why I should need a luxury city car, I have no clue... I heard this from Musk before, on first sight it makes sense. BUT - most current failures in cars are not components that are around for 100 years - these are usually fine if regular service is done. What fails miserably in new cars are all kinds of tech gimmicks that improve significantly with every new generation. The only exception might be turbo charged petrol engines, but they are around for a while too. but then you don't go for tesla for proper fun drive, do you ;) this is very subjective, but I do find it pleasant, given good car (ie bmw in my case). Even for a full day, but that's obviously tiring a bit. It might come down to personality type - i am not an easy to get bored one, which i consider very helpful in daily matters pssst... don't scare the crowd in their comfortable zone :) Similar here, currently living most of the time alone (gf's work is temporarily 200 km away), and the "chores", shrink to 30mins/week cleaning of appartment (max), spending maybe 10 mins/week cleaning dishes, and doing laundry takes away another 10 per week. Shopping? Extra 30-60 mins/week. I would even go further and say these activities are necessary for some sort of mental balance (for lack of better words). What I mean - life isn't always about nice & easy experiences. One needs a bit of fortitude, resillience when you are facing with some "have-to-be-done" mundane or hard task to just move forward. Be it professional, be it in parenting, be it in adventures. When I look around me, I see a lot of successful, bright people that are incredibly spoiled in interesting way - any at least a bit boring activity appears on horizon, they are going nuts. Well, however hard you try, you cannot avoid these things in life, so better be okay when dealing with those. I dont' want to sound extreme, some things can be done online easily and save a lot of time (managing bank accounts vs visiting local branch), just that some middle path by taking best of both worlds/approaches seems better to me. The situations in article seem on extreme end of scale (even within such a bubble as SF seems to be). So, for that delivery guy, living in similar appartment building sounds like a dream. For me, I wouldn't call it nightmare, but definitely a bit sad life I wouldn't like to live. I am sorry to say but you're so wrong... human interaction is not only accoustic and touch-based, but also visual, which takes most of sensory signal feed to brain (correct me if I am wrong here). If you shun away from human interaction, that's fine. But be honest to yourself and don't say few clicks/strokes of keyboard are similar to having a decent talk with anybody. Heck, even video conf call is miles away from real world experience. I am an introvert myself, but this is simply not true. that couple situation, whether imaginery or not, seemed almost desperate - she comes home at 9, he at 1 am. This might work for years (it would be a sad story if they had kids in this regime though), until something changes and they end up having more time for each other. Who they discover living with might be pleasant or nasty surprise... This might be just me, but being in relationship is always a strong bond for me, that works only if both parties have similar attitude towards each other and can actually be present in the relationship. it's not cool... seeing its parents so rarely, they wouldn't be exactly a role model parents for their kids. could be much worse, or course, but having kids is arguably the most important thing in lives of many people, so if doing it, let's do it properly and raise (at least try hard, i mean HARD) a confident, balanced issue-free happy people. i've got the feeling this planet & mankind needs more of those compared to uber-competitive self-centered workoholics. I am an itnrovert, but believe me, what this article describes (albeit maybe a bit overblown) is a sad story even from my perspective. Introvert != being inside surrounded by 4 walls. In fact, for people like me, being in nature & mountains, alone or with friends, has amazing mental soothing effects there is a nice, wide middle path you know. outsourcing something I cannot do properly/safely/takes me a lot of time and I don't want to go through learning curve - that's OK. outsourcing something that i can do in couple of (tens of) minutes - that's being lazy. no way around it. yes and no... climate change is not about having +2 degrees globally, we can handle that easily even if sea rises significantly. Not even about extinction of a lot of species, which will trash some foodchains around the world. It's more about longer perspective - some effects are cascading, and in longer uncontroleld run, we might end up with pretty much inhabitable planet (at least for mankind). Life itself will handle this easily, mass extinctions happened many times in the past for various reasons, mankind in its current level of evolution would be probably over. that's very minor (albeit quite vocal) part of the job market. Most of developers worldwide work on specific projects, with specific goals, budgeting etc. Those who pay want stuff delivered and routinely frown upon too-creative approaches. Having women/minorities on the team? Of course! If they bring expected skillset on the table, good. If they bring anything else on top of it, it's a nice little addition. But hiring just for the sake of filling some imaginary quota some confused people have in their heads is a bit ridiculous. Want to change it? Start at the point when young people decide which school to pursue, rest will follow same story here, the more i got into sports and outdoor activities (climbing, mountaineering), less geeky i am, and looking back, no way i'm going back. heck, i don't even check email while travelling, at least not more than once a week. life is just so much more interesting outside pixelated areas, at least for me :) many more people work to live rather than opposite, but they're not as vocal on HN as the other part few incorrect assumptions. almost none ridiculously rich (and here we can differ what it means) got there by simply putting in few extra hours. People that stuck in jobs and doing extra hours actually ended up paid less than me in long run, sometimes the difference is massive. I've met a few rich ones, dated one, and simply put, there is nothing in their life I envy, and I wouldn't change for their life no matter what (rich in millions/tens of millions of usd). There are only few really important things in life, and only few things that make people really happy (no, new phone ain't one of those). When comparing how they spend vacation, I end up with much more creative, adventurous and full experiences. When comparing how to spend free time, similar results (but here it's also about personal preferences). I'm not advocating money-less world, but most of us here have/can have enough to cover all we really need. If you see a long term happy person, money ain't the primary reason he is where he is. why does everything need to be black or white? development is nice, has creative heureka parts that few other jobs have, but it's just a freaking job, nothing more! life has so many more interesting things to offer (travelling, adventures, family, friend, you name it), that it would be shame to miss on them (and later regret, like so many work-wise successful people do when old). I am (still) quite surprised how many otherwise grown up and fully mature people have internal fears that drive their lives so much. Issues from childhood (pushy parents, school bullies, etc) or from growing up can leave strong scars. Heck, even I am not 100% scratch-free, albeit apparently much better than many peers. Many people are chasing careers although extra cash doesn't really makes any impact in their lives, and they lose a lot by earning them (fun at work, extra pressure/time from more senior positions). By all means, if that's something that you enjoy doing, go for it! But money is probably the last thing to consider I predict this might give me a lot of hate, but these people coming back is the worst possible outcome for (not only german) society. I don't believe for a second that at least most of them are not properly unbalanced (or worse) and will do no good to society for rest of their lives. I cannot imagine myself doing something like that, and I was no angel when teen. You can see in all media how war looks like there, so they cannot say they simply didn't know. They wanted war, let them have it all the way to the bottom with all the (percieved) glory of death. They had chance offered to become members of society they were living in, and they refused. Okay, we should respect that choice, but with all consequences. Younger age is no excuse for such mistakes. now sir, you got this one wrong. for intellectually based people (let's assume most college people are), dating with somebody you don't have that much to say is meaningless and frustrating experience. same goes for (most) guys too. briliantly put in many ways... one could possibly say an analogy for Iraq - some friend of a friend of a friend overheard something noone else believed - that a guy (let's say convicted felon who served his sentence) in next town has a gun in his basement. no idea why, but imagine you feel the urge to dispose of this "threat", maybe because you're a military nutjob, or anything else. it doesn't matter that many guys in his neighbourhood have the same weapon, and many more. you try to rally your neighbours and friends to have a raid group. unsurprisingly, your german and french friends are against armed storming of someone else house based just on some overheard rumours ( ), rest is at least hesitant. you say something along "f k you pu ies" and storm the house with only friend you are left with - that british fella that you have so much in common with. Long story short, you kill the guy unarmed, don't find any weapon whatsoever and burn his house in the process to ashes. After that you refuse to move from his property, stating you need to keep that neighbourhood protected and invite other armed people to join you. Sorry if I missed some important stuff, and of course this describes only beginning, with all the current mess being result of these (probably intentional) mistakes. If anyone still thinks US is viewed anywhere as a good guy in this war, then NO - there are only bad guys. Personally, ISIS would still have to work hard to match all US-directly-caused civilian casualities in Iraq. It doesn't matter much if someone is beheaded, blown to pieces or machinegunned while going to work, does it... ( ) - that Bush speech in UN was really horrible, I recall it quite well, saying to myself - and they want to screw up another nation completely based on THAT??? Try rock climbing/mountaineering. Being in the wall few hundred meters above the ground, your mind doesn't care if there is securing rope tying you to last quickdraw or not. You will be scared. You will be bathing in adrenaline. You will have to muster all your courage to move forward, to climb higher, to reach the top. Again and again. You'll get all the excitement army guys get in deployment, without screwing you up and becoming permanent mental cripple. In fact, it will make you a better person in many many ways. Guaranteed. you're probably american, so you're forgiven for this ignorance, but europe consists of +-50 sovereign states. Even now with EU (that doesn't contain many states), declaring a war is always matter of a given nation. Apples to ants... (work) life is about priorities, and if he really wants to give back in this way, he can apparently delegate enough stuff to achieve it. Probably all politicians can, if they wanted... I wish more (all!) countries would have similar people put into places of real popwer in governments. don't expect all people to have same mindset as you, and don't even try that with your/their priorities. people live where they live, it can be great/miserable place on the paper, but real daily life can be vastly different Java's strength is not the power of the language, and nobody ever claimed so. They improve it bit by bit, but that's all. You want to use uber-cool features? Try Scala or any of the gazillions other languages/platforms JVM fully supports. (personal anecdote - as senior java guy with 10+ years of experience, I've got recently assigned a small project of amending legacy MFC C++ (but mostly C) app - I could write a book about the pain. Language itself is a minor obstacle in this effort (albeit MFC/WinAPI has very steep learning curve for me). Where Java wins, and will win for many years to come is maturity of toolset, quality of open source libraries and also probably the most important thing - the amount of skilled developers any employer can pick from. .NET platform will probably get (finally) on track, but it's an uphill battle against Oracle's current position. But I like the situation - improvement in MS camp will force competition to improve as well, so we all benefit :) he didn't write anything about overeating nor competing with artists. For me, message is clear - enjoy good food (quality over quantity), and enjoy arts - even seeing/reading/watching them gives many people including me a pleasant experience (a good step towards happiness) and there lies their fallacy - sooner or later they'll reach a hill they cannot climb/run out of time/any other reason. Truly ambitious people I've met, on the outside, from the distance seem like ideal human beings - achieving a lot, always moving forward. When I became to know them more, pattern was same - they will never be as happy as I am right now, was yesterday, will probably be tomorrow and so on. For them, life is never-ending race, at the finish line of one goal run for next one already begun. Somebody to run my country/company/whatever? Probably very good choice. Do I want this never-ending mental treadmill? Hell NO! :) one personal advice - if you really, I mean really want to know yourself better, try psychedelics. What you will experience/learn cannot be foretold nor described by simple words, but it's a ultimate experience that no other approach to life can bring upon you (says somebody who backpacked in india/nepal for half a year, what an amazing time it was :)) in 1st world countries, I would like this to be explained too, especially people drinking at their homes true, but... if so many developers end up having issues on not-trivial-hello-world-employee-customer example, then maybe, but just maybe it's not the best tool for most. I mean, it's around for ages, the principle didn't change a bit, and same issues again and again. One thing that I don't like about Hibernate - most projects evolve, for a very long time even after delivery. Messing with OR mappings (which most changes do) can include a lot of regression on performance side, much more than SQL (unless you do something horrible on DB level). Also, the more complex data model is (and often you don't choose how it's done), the less benefits you get from solutions like these. This is an issue of unskilled devs using ancient UI design approach, usually not even bothering with skinning it. Things like bitTorrent were done in Java (correct me if I'm wrong), and you have no clue which language they are done in when looking at UI. But this a bit of extra effort, and for intranet apps, nobody usually bothers. Another reason for oh-not-so-windows-look of UI is something microsoft finally begun discovering - that there are other platforms than Windows. Java UI works anywhere where you have working JRE, and if you've ever seen Linux's KDE/GNOME/XFCE etc. then you might realize it ain't easy to come up with a cross-section between them. You need to hack things with Wine or similar to have it +-++ work the other way around (ie MFC app -> anywhere but MS world, and even there it might be tricky with all dll hell). Majority of time being awake (ie roughly 50% of those 16 hours), 5 days a week, most weeks of year, say 52 - 7(vacations) - 1-2(sickness/accidents, and yes, they do happen). How you spend remaining time is entirely up to you. Me, for example, I've been through much more and grown quite a bit as a person in last 5 years (moved to different country), then in first 28 years of my life (33 now). Looking back, it feels like a lifetime and a bit more (weekends mostly in the mountains, either ski touring or hiking/climbing/etc), travelling around the world - recently 2 weeks in indonesia, etc). No, even those 5 years didn't fly by at all. I presume same dollar signs as some (anecdotal) lady who sued McDonald and won millions by burning her mouth with fresh coffee because it was... wait for it... hot. On a more serious note, most jobs have all kinds of biases. Army doesn't take older recruits, nor 50% of all recruits are not women/gay/whatever group is right now poplar to fight for. Or commodity traders - one of my ex-gf succeeded in this field, but the amount of macho sh*t she had to go through and still pops up almost daily is unbelievable. Also, some members of her current trading team, which are more on introvert side (yes, there are some traders like that) were asking their boss on private meetings how to handle a WOMAN as their colleague. Some are 50-something, and never worked with woman directly. She just ain't crybaby like these pathetic people and actually works hard to prove herself in such an environment. Very, very sad facts. But what can you expect of arrogant superpower which, in good old nazi-style stages an incident in Tonkin bay to start whole war, did regularly carpet bombardement of major cities (which automatically means blowing thousands of kids, women, elderly etc. to pieces along with some factories) and so on. Yes, I'm pissed off on US, how they do what they want around the world in name of money and more power, and even try to lie to the face of the rest of the world about its motives. I don't see much change with present... methods changed, results not so much (ie Iraq poisoning with depleted uranium from those cool A-10 shells and thousands of kids with borne deffects). It's very hard to have much sympathy with events like 9/11 where +-3000 people died, when here we are talking about millions. They only way I'll show my resent is try to NOT buy/use any US product, be it hardware spehere, or software. Of course, only when it actually makes sense and where proper non-US competition exists. In face of Snowden story, it should probably be agenda of many non-US companies nevertheless. ever been diving? feels pretty much as 3D as you would expect france a country with latin culture? not really.. Living in Switzerland, which is tiny country surrounded by EU countries (CH is not part of EU, its citizens had a public vote and decided cleverly to not join), my crappy operator Lebara charges me when going to France (+- 2km from my home or work) - 42 CHF (aka 40 euro) per single MB! Calls usually stick to the range of 2-4 euro/min, incoming also charged. SMS cost 0.8 euro. Pretty obvious I never used their data services abroad, but being offline when traveling is actually a big plus for me. (just to explain, it's one of very few pay-as-you-go operators @ Suisse, for people like me who don't use their smartphones that much and have offline maps for navigation) Would love to see some proper evidence for these claims. One can easily see that clever ladies tend to focus much more on long education/career, rather than jumping straight on babies-making bandwagon. Also, finding good partner to have kids with seems much harder for them (well, for clever guys sadly too). Considering most university level education ends when people are around +-23 (not even going into PhD ones), and then they just become fully autonomous and step in working treadmill (earn->spend->earn-> cycle), I would name culture/work/environment situation or pressure for that. Also generally, more clever people focus more on quality rather than quantity, and babies are no exception. Norm are 1-3 kids, not because women are not fertile anymore (unless climacterium is reached), rather time & resources are considered. Even this is very simplistic & dumbed down view on these matters. I read somewhere Mao screwed his nation pretty badly, topping some chart way above hitler and stalin (something around 60 million?) Hmm, I do agree with parent poster, happiness of one should not be derived from work at all costs. We all are not some copy paste robots. For most folks out there, job is just a job (talking about IT). Not horrible, not great all the time, somewhere in between with highlights and darker parts. Overall, when all + and - sum up, result will be + (if not, change jobs. very easy for most IT professions). There is great amount of space for creativity in any job, but also a lot of have-to-do-it stuff. Isn't it easier to accept this ballance in life and try to reach some perfect spot within it, rather than strive for problem-free or chores-free life? (anyway it would be boring as hell). At the end, we are all unique. Do what feels right for you, just accept that other out there might have very different goals and drives. I am quite (a lot) happy in my current spot in life and balance I achieved, but I know a few people that would not enjoy it as much. I presume it's the dumbed down HN interface that ignores formatting. Each sentence I write here is on new line. But unless there is empty line between them, they are put together in one monolithic block, which isn't very nice to read for many including me. A bug on HN side (or idiotic feature), circumvented in this way (I don't like the result either, something in between would be the best solution) Nicely written. Most of us are not in this league, and personally, I am so happy for that. Companies, and world probably too, needs some people like that. But it's a big fallacy to think everybody should be, act and work like that. This world already has enough unhappy people chasing careers that won't make them happy. What we need more of are balanced, happy and strong personalities (that can create stable and loving environment for their kids for example) to counter-balance these perceptions. One can be a great performer, not despite but exactly because he has a life apart from work. Seems to me like a failed management practices that hurt companies in long run. Raising a happy well-functioning family is freaking hard, I would say it's by far the hardest task one could endeavor on. I have big respect for every man who achieves that. What one has in CV is marginal and really unimportant compared to that. But I am far from stating everybody should have this drive. I think, you think... any CTO, or CEO/owner of a company won't as easily put so much at stake (and IT is crucial part of every major company of any type). MS has a long history of hating and subverting anything other than Windows, it's almost cartoonish when looking back. This might be just my experience (over 11 years, over +-10 companies) that noone takes MS servers seriously. Only exceptions are Active directory, Exchange and some special reasons where MS SQL server needs to be used (for whatever reasons). Never seen any bussiness-critical app apart from those mentioned running on anything except Linux or Unix. They're moving in right direction, but thy need to climb really big hill, which they built themselves. yes but there was no serious matured & backed competition Alcohol is drug like any other. I guess everybody seen some people get aggressive even on moderate alcohol high. Tobacco is probably the worst drug ever consumed by man, considering amount of death and suffering it causes... None of drugs are a blessing to mankind, but to consider A OK and even promote it, and destroy people's lives and promote drug cartels for B, where many times B is not more harmful then A is... stupid. And we as society want to evolve and get better, right? I'll give a bit different view - my self worth ain't derived much from my professional career. Sure, I am (a bit) successful, equal or more than most peers at university. Yeah, compared to my first full time dev job (same platform as now), my salary jumped 20x over the years. I've worked for energetics, insurance, army, telco, car manufacturer, local government, retail sales, banks, and more banks (perm & contractor too). So what? It's what I do outside of my work defines me much more. I am into travelling, adventures and mountain-based activities. All weekends possible I spend in alps trying not to kill myself, but not too hard. During week it's workouts in gym, interval runs, climbing indoors, biking etc. Not really marathon-style fit, but quite OK. When I meet somebody new, I ask 1 question about their work, and don't go deeper (unless it's super amazing, which in 99% is not). I do care who hey are as a person, what drives them and what they do in their free time, where they travelled etc. If they cannot talk about anything but work, I'll pass. One of benefits is (apart from feeling great, being happy with myself and so on) - remove my work (for whatever reason), and I am still happy. Add it, I'll try to find some new professional challenges, but won't break my back and remove personal life just to prove something to somebody (pre-release exceptions happen :)). But all in all, we are all unique mix, and each of us has to find his/her own way to these things. Want a different perspective? Take a backpack, and head for 2-4 weeks into some truly exotic destination that is without war, but also no 1st world coziness all over the place. Buy just return flight, and let things happen. If you have more time, spend more :) This article reflect things explored quite well in amazing BBC 5-piece documentary Earth: Power of the Planet just few years ago (I envy the guy for being narrator to this show, just see and you'll understand :)) First 4 episodes explore various elements on our planet, but last one is a true gem - it deals with uniqueness of Earth in universe - like Jupiter catching most dangerous asteroids/comets so earth gets just enough catastrophes and not too many, moon stabilizing our orbit (and adding tides which probably helped life to move from oceans), and so on. I love documents about nature, and BBC has produced consistently great ones, but this one stands above all... after seeing it, I do look at many things in nature in a different view. I would put this little gem as mandatory at school for all kids around the world, and you'll have a eco-friendly generation guaranteed. picking out one of many mentioned in documentary goes along these lines: moon is a remnant of young earth colliding with its twin planet, part of it was absorbed into earth (that's why we have so much iron & melted dynamic core, which btw generates strong magnetic shield protecting us from sun's solar winds). Rest formed moon over time, which is unusually big compared to its parent planet and unusually close (all those stabilizing influences + tides). If we haven't had moon, earth would be "wobbling" on its path around sun frequently, causing very frequent glacial ages. Necessary for life itself? Never said that. Stromatolites and similar single cell organism can survive about anything short of earth being consumed by black hole. Necessary for evolution of complex life and its explosion in variety that we see today, and more importantly our society? I personally do believe so. Just watch the document and then we can discuss. make alcohol illegal and you have a new gateway drug ...and we see results of this every day in news. "Follow the money" rule should be used all the time as default when trying to understand what the hell is going on in this world that's why I stopped buying anything that touched american hand/soil, if possible/reasonable. I like many individuals there, but the idea that even a cent would go to that orwellian system that is a net negative to mankind is a bit too much to handle what you call an adventure is by most muslims percieved as rape and genocide of their homelands. we don't have another world to move to, so we'll have to deal with all the c p US does (and Russia too, I don't see much difference in foregin policies and results nowadays). Have no doubt - legacy of this will be present for generations, and currently we might still not reached the peak of these atrocities. Just because you have some paranoid fuckups in your government doesn't mean you should give them all powers unchecked, right? Like all else in hierarchical structures, there should be some proper oversight and control, by unbiased authorities (well, it would be nice at least). Problem seems to be, these services run at free will, they feel above law and constitution, justifying just about everything with "terrorist threat" mantra. Politicians seems weak/corrupt so they don't stand for common citizen's rights. Somebody from Obama's government expressed frustration once how all these services/programs/activities run basically on autopilot, and nobody dares to cut their budget. Let's take a step back... does anybody truly believe current terrorism can shake foundations of any western society? I don't mean blowing hypothetical nukes in manhattan, but real things that happened. Planes falling, buildings collapsing, very sad events, but nothing major in civilization perspective. Our perception of these events is hugely disproportionate, based on our fears. Yet we are, step by step, losing our freedom like the alternative would be total annihilation and end of the world as we know it. Not even terrorist themselves want that. And they are not winning in any measurable way. It's natural for any ambitious organisational unit, with strong leader, to try to grab all power, influence etc that's available. Normal comapnies have strict boundaries how far the power can reach, so for example you won't find a single bank that is effectively run by it's head of IT, in fact in contrary (IT is a true backoffice, in the back of the back of the back of the rest). Just set the boundaries and enforce them with budget cuts threat. Now who will do that is the question :) Please describe how Putin made Russia rich. It's like saying Stalin won 2nd world war. If Russia is richer, it's DESPITE having Putin and his KGB komrades at steering wheel. 1968, Czechoslovakia. True, armed conflict would utterly devastate my homeland, but your statement is only partially true. And some form of devastation happened anyway, in mind of people living there. Results will be felt for generations. It's similar to people being afraid of flying, and in the same time don't mind hitting highway in crappy old car. Things blowing with people inside/around just works much better with our primary instincts. If you're clever enough, you can realize this and actively fight it, but you'll end up feeling alone and surrounded with bunch of idiots. No-win scenario. Mafia and unions have very close ties historically, not only in Leone's Once Upon a Time in America. As for topic generally, unions are like communism (also close ideologically): they may look nice on the paper, but in real world, usually the worst possible solution. I've only meet career-first scumbags in unions. Generally we in IT tend to stay away from politics and just do our job, which is exactly what unions are about. Plus, who is really trembling for his super-hard-to-get position? If I'll get fired/decide to leave, and I'll just pick from those recruiters spamming my inbox/linkedin periodically. Now if you didn't catch up with trends of last 20 years, you may need to worry a bit... Heard this before, sounds reasonable (for non-expert). In 40's mentality in Japan, emperor was a god, and common citizens didn't matter a bit in war efforts. They were burning alive (tens of) thousands by carpet bombings on all major cities (also having many buildings built with wood helped spread fires), and it didn't move opinions of ruling elite a bit. I would say atomic bombs were one of the many factors considered when finally giving up, but common US view of "hey we bombed them hard with our cool new toys, they cra ed their pants and gave up immediately" is not very accurate. here in Europe, we celebrate 8th of May ;) If by world you mean earth, and by destroying you mean something like splitting planet open, then I presume way more than current arsenal of usable nukes. Destruction of mankind would be relatively easy, we've become frail and our society severely depends on easily disruptible things like electricity. If you mean destruction of life itself, anything short of black hole/sun going supernova is not enough. there has been an attack - look how understaffed we are! we need more budget! and more control and surveillance! there has been no attack - look at how good we're doing our job of protecting you. but just to be sure, we need more surveillance. honestly, I am underwhelmed by android chrome, switched to mobile firefox (with adblock plus) and removed chrome icon. On desktops, I don't get the appeal of chrome at all... too resource-hungry for my taste. The more somebody thinks he know whats better for me than myself, and pushes stuff down my throat, the more I resist, regardless of added value. same for school, same for these things damn this sounds amazing! working 3 days a week for example, doing adventures & social life in rest (social life = family life). But first let me earn some dough for later... See, corporations are highly amoral entities. not entirely, but overall when all + and - add up, they don't care about doing good, only about making profit for shareholders. And in many/most cases, doing high profit while being nice and friendly and all this is much harder than using dirty tricks and breaking rules (moral/law/whatever). From my personal view as an employee of one corp, it all comes down how people are rewarded/motivated to get things done. If short term profit is the king, morals are not so much part of the equation, resulting in all kinds of mess. Exceptions do happen, but they are what they are - exceptions... it's interesting that in these eco-friendly and health-consious times, nobody here cares much about pouring boiling water over Aluminimum to get a decent coffee... last time I checked it's not the healthiest compound to work with. anything new in that topic? just guessing, but multinational corporations might be viewed by some as not very helpful to humanity in long run, since they are capitalistic structures created to earn money to owners in first place. Morals usually comes a bit further down in priorities ladder (not saying anything particular about Nestle, albeit I vaguely recall some interview with their CEO where he stated all water on earth should not be free, but paid by common people, to... corporations) yeah, for the most of the world (read - outside US, roughly 95% of mankind), 9/11 isn't anything significant - vast amounts of people die/are murdered all around the world, all the time, and very few really care. sad part is, and this is subjective but for me very visible pattern, the immediate seizure of this opportunity to radicalize/permanently install of fear into US population, pushing for surveillance policies, unjustified wars, mass killings of civilians for money&power equation (Iraq/Afghanistan, you can call it how you like it, I call it like this since it's pretty damn obvious). And american society swallowed this as a whole, without questions, even proudly. 14 years rewind, now look at current situation... Not contradicting per se, but this world ain't fair. From birth, even before, some have higher odds for survival, have better health, are more clever etc. In my point, there are 2 types of people for this perspective - "lazy" ones, that don't strive for better, avoid hard things. They don't plan much, and given a choice of hard(er) work from now, for couple of years, and only after that seeing improvement (ie higher salary), most won't do it. Which is OK, if they accept the whole package of matters (which is rarely the case, hence class envy leftist politicians so easily live from). And then you have opposite side. Of course world is not bipolar, but you get the picture. This is what I actually like about current world - in this respect, it's much more fair than ever before. By far not for everybody, but literally billions of people have chance to drive their own life, within some boundaries. Every single day, life gives us opportunities, sometimes obvious, sometimes not at all. Parents can (and do) "install" a lot of strength or weakness into their kids, but apart from truly abusive screwed up environments, once kids leave home, they are masters of their own fate. I've met people using not-so-ideal childhood as an excuse why they have screwed up life, but when looking closely, they consistently fail questions like "so why did you went binge drinking last night instead of learning a bit of that language/whatever"? Heck, even I am using my free time mostly only for leisure and fun, but I am happy and not complaining. brilliant. although one somehow expects this to some degree, it's nice to see it raw from former insider. what I find particularly destructive for me is not the part about physical and mental deprivation, but rather that "keep the impression" game, regardless of what kind of mess the real situation is. I don't believe that any sane non-split-personality person can keep his professional life and behaviors apart from rest of his/her life, in contrary. Stay there long enough, and you become this person. then you hear about people divorcing, because the other "changed so much in last 10-20 years". Would I exchange any amount of money to become less healthy, stressed out and worse person overall? LOL, that's a question that doesn't even need an answer... trying to impress a woman you want to actually spend more than one night with your wealth, or appearance of it, is just plain stupid. it will lure exactly the expected types - money grabbers who knows the word love only from some tv show. results of such "relationships" shouldn't be surprising > Women no longer pressured to marry young in order to survive, can focus on careers. And what great mothers this produces, with happy and balanced kids all around, right? Err, somehow, I fail to see many around me, but I am sure this is just local situation. Maybe you are happy just by pursuing career, but most have to find happiness elsewhere. The thing is, women don't really have such a big window as men when they are considered attractive for dating or starting a family. And then you have fertility issues sooner. The world ain't fair in this topic, but things are as they are. > Women empowered to leave abusive, philandering husbands. In current modern empowered world, there are as many bad wives as bad husbands (yes, anecdotal, but somehow real in my experience). Women don't tend to resort to physical violence, but there are other ways to behave badly in relationships. yeah, it would be nice, but then they can close their surveillance agencies for good. a bit of hyperbole but let me try here - most american don't give a damn about rest of the world, do they (now this assumption is begging to be proven wrong) c'mon, be fair, it's just defending the interests of those really influential in US (sadly, president doesn't seem to be part of that group). and we all know best defense is an attack, right? Pardon me to interrupt strive for greatness, but the world I live in is massively interconnected, and it's becoming more and more every day. Even if you try hard to avoid it, you have some impact, mixed with impact of other people. Yes, it might be local, and in some really unfortunate situations it might really eventually +-die, but let's focus a bit on average joe. The world I see does indeed need to improve a bit, on all possible levels. If you strive to improve mankind as a whole, or at least big parts of it, please go ahead and do your best. Just don't neglect that personal, "local" aspect as so many do these days (ie crappy parents raising even crappier kids). This world also needs happy, balanced and positive people, not only depressed, exhausted overachievers (or overaimers) I see so often around me. I tend to focus locally (friends, family, coworkers), and let the effects seep wider if possible, on their own. One example - 2 weekends ago, I took my girlfriend to Mont Blanc with guide, on skis, and on top, after gruelling march on skis, I surprised her proposed marriage. The reactions from people around, but also total internet strangers were overwhelming, quite a few wrote that in these (for them) depressing days, seeing this gave them positive energy and hope (for life, relationships, people around etc.). Did I change the world with it? Of course not, I am not the first nor the last guy that did it. Does this have some, maybe minor but positive impact on other people? Definitely yes. Enough drops in the pond can also have an effect. so rather than bearing the pain, you rather inflict one on closest ones? you realize there not much between (apart from everybody dying at once). you like an easy way out of things, don't you... true, but there are also very nice climbing locations in Calanques just off the Marseille city (among other). one of most beautiful places to do climbing i've seen so far (climbing white cliffs that don't heat so much with sun above/nearby dark turquoise waters beneath). there is few of us who have contacts managed in this way... this is what switzerland is doing, and it seem one of very few countries, who got the immigration right from the start, in long term. it's a tricky situation... there is more people trying to come here in europe than there is sustainable place (economically wise) to be absorbed into. we have quite a bit of an economical crisis going on here, which doesn't help. so basically masses march in, we have no job for them, meaning they don't contribute to our society, just consume. on the other side, they often come from horrible places, have to endure the travel with real chances of dying. that should tell you a bit how desperate they are. In ideal world, we should focus our resources on improving state of their home countries, so they don't have to run away in first place. In real world... since many screwed countries are results of US (CIA, military) meddling with their internals and failing spectacularly (or succeeding greatly, depending on what the real objectives were), I say forward a large portion of them there. After first 100.000, let's talk :) I wouldn't be surprised if many of them threw IDs away, so they can claim they are coming from war regions and seek asylum, instead of being just another part of economic migration (like many people from north Africa/middle east actively try). I don't blame them, if I would be so desperate, this would be a logical step. The big moral question that opinions differ so much on is: should we in Europe try to help all of them at all costs, even if millions will come? Personally, I wouldn't mind sharing my resources, if the person I share it with will respect rules I set and learn to speak the language I speak. If not, goodbye. Posts like these make me a bit sad, how far some people get detached from reality of this world as a whole. I would hate it since i am part of this industry, byt maybe we really need some dev crysis, meaning 50% of software engineers unemployed, salaries plunge say to construction engineers level. Those fortunate to keep the job would be glad to be creative with what they have and maybe, but just MAYBE these pathetic rants won't surface as much. As for you, simple advice - sort out your life, you know better than anybody else what you want, and you're the only one who can do it. it's quite easy, just that some decisions require sturdy balls, not moaning on internet forums :) sounds like picking-of-lesser-evil discussion to me, which is still a bit sad considering topic... what a world we got ourselves into! :) One of the reasons why i come to these forums are posts like this one. Thank you! I think to everybody in IT it's pretty clear that video game industry is full of exploitation and it's rather rule than exception. That's why very few stay in industry for long, the disappointment from daily reality is a bit too much. Especially when other variants of same work can be (almost) as much fun, and they treat you like human being actually, with perks and more time to actually live your life. that's one mighty movie. brought me to tears at the end in a very consistent way, quite a few times... The Audio part of audio-visual experience doesn't get neglected, but story itself is beautiful too. too bad not many studios have balls to release similar dark stories, most one can expect is darkly-themed, sugar-sweet ones. nice writing and all, but sir you have no first hand clue about corporations. not everybody is using new cool toys of the day as backbone of their whole company. For example i work at the bank, the whole core banking package is basically app build in pl/sql on top of oracle db. i like cool new technologies, but to even think they would run in next 20 years anything else than their super-cluster is funny and ridiculous, and... stupid. Some non-critical apps like HR, timesheets and whatnot? Sure, have it in SAP (why isn't anybody discussing this super massive pile of crap? compared to that, oracle's offerings are slick cool lean easy-to-use tiny gadgets). Or some MS/IBM solutions. Let's not forget quality support cost a fortune, and that quality part is more important than some numbers on budgeting spreadsheet. Bear in mind, these static part of IT budget are carved in stone, nobody is questioning them. is it more complicated? yes. is it completely mandatory for many types of bigger corps? but of course. not that the topics you mention are not important part of equation :) indeed, we are! now back to work... well, for a start, by list you gave you don't own a PC per se (albeit apple is just rebranded overpriced PC with their proprietary OS, from my humble point of view). or do you consider PS4 a PC? Your post doesn't make much sense to me... another example - fear of flying, fueled by flashy news articles. most probably and unfortunately, no. consequences can be felt in many places around the world. Yes, I mean those frikkin' wars they wage here & there. From what I see, correct me if I'm wrong, many people in US still believe those wars are justified, soldiers are defending their homeland (in foreign countries half across the globe that didn't attack US anyhow imaginable), killing just few bad guys (and not creating many more by behaving like that-heck, if they would be killing my family and friends back home because of nothing, it would be hard to resist temptation to strike back somehow). And I could go on and on, you know the drill. All this possible because of 9/11, relatively minor incident in terms of life loss/damage, but made look like Armageddon day by media. Not only, but mainly US residents scaremonged beyond belief my mass media (and I presume not many stood against it). Well, looking back, you were played damn well. Terrorist won by radicalizing you, all army-related companies won, and anybody who is on their payroll. It's so much easier to control somebody who has fear, since they are already in irrational place to begin with. I am 34, and I don't think I'll live long enough to see US to become again "land of the free". From west european perspective, it's a sad joke for a long time. The disadvantages of generic male (98% of my year) CS student at my uni back in 1999-2004 compared to even averagely-looking female student were real, apparent, and kind of accepted. Nobody was whining about it that those few girls had it easier on quite a few oral exams (written parts were logically more balanced). Girls dressed apropriately. What was a bit more infuriating, that hardest ever topic was advanced electric circuit calculus, toughest course we ever had, solely because of professor (even though I studied purely software engineering, this couldn't be avoided). This course went far beyond what was taught on Math courses itself btw. He disliked women ("they shouldn't be in engineering"), he disliked people with hungarian-sounding names, he disliked people with long hairs, heck the list of types he disliked would be long. He was the greatest filter in out faculty (end of second or third year at uni), throwing people out of school completely for literally lacking a single point (ie circle) above one variable in exam (didn't matter that in next line it was there). Seen it first hand. Nobody liked him, he was perfect example of somebody knowledgable but in the same time somebody who shouldn't be a teacher, ever. World isn't fair, never was, and never will be. Some things get sorted out, some new pop up as things change. So, who got killed? Ever considered just taking a long break (ie 2 hours), spend it wither with some intense physical training & cool down afterwards (ie on some lunch)? In this way, you might be able to keep creativity & concentration high in afternoon too. It might be just me, but I prefer whole days off compared to shorter more frequent work. Rason - I enjoy trips in nature, and all kinds of full-day or even full-weekend events (hiking, mountains, travel, whatever). The perfect situation for me would be 3 days off, 4 days work. The day I have to work, even for few hours, is already "taken" from me by work. you know, some of us DO hangout around lake geneva (or any other pretty place), have most of weekends done like there's no tomorrow (mountains, adventures, traveling etc. practically every weekend) and still manage to invest into whatever they prefer (right now selling flat in Prague, and considering one in Chamonix). That's my sweet spot in life right now. We'll see how long life will keep me in it, before throwing into something wild, as usual :) It's not irresponsible to spend money on traveling and adventures. You get back much more than nice time there and couple of photos and souvenirs - you are exposed to new environment, people, culture etc. and you'll grow inside in a subtle, yet steady way. On the other hand, usual "buying stuff you don't need to impress people you don't care about" is useless, and won't even bring any long term happiness. There are locations, and I live on one of them, where finding an accomodation, even with stable long term 150k USD/year single pet-less guy is a few month effort of chasing 100s of appartments, until one will work out. You are nto in position to actually pick anything. On this thread it's visible that people try to promote their own decisions in this topic (and we all have been into it deep down). Let me put mine - I took loan 8 years ago, in a different country, on a small appartment that when looking back, wasn't the best idea (but neither really bad). Mind you, it was in 2007 :) Surprisingly the price didn't drop below the one I paid, but the pressure to bring every month enough cash to make it through was... not nice. THe perspective to have similar setup for next 20 years was a bit sould-crushing though (it was 50m appartment, so nothing to raise your family in). But, this pressure forced me off my lazy but, I temporarily moved to another country to earn more and pay it off asap, realized that this country is SO much better than previous one (which wasn't my home anyway), so I decided to stay. 5 years forward, probably the best decision of my life (and there were heaps of people saying I should settle where I am instead of move). like this little country that got most of the things just right called Switzerland Guys, as an european, i despise a bit US approach you-cannot-get-anywhere-without-a-car (seriously, looking back at my stay in LA and Hollywood 10 years ago, many places didn't even have pedestrian access! Or if they had, approach time was 2-3x more compared to dangerous walking along the road... that's just plain wrong). That said... trains are expensive. No, EXPENSIVE. Swiss have probably best rail system in the world, with train stations being central point of most towns and villages. Buses are just complementary where putting up rail track would be ridiculous (hardcore mountain areas, desolate places with very few people living). But Suisse is small, and wealthy. Not sure about actual cash flow government -> SBB (rail company), but tickets are expensive like hell. Cost wise even for single person road costs same (albeit sometimes it's faster by car, depends), when more people come, car is much cheaper (and convenient). Never been to japan, so no clue how well known Shinkanzen are integrated with more local transport. Thanx to freaking unions for steady high prices, but not only them. When moving between densely populated areas, trains compete with planes, not cars (and planes are sometimes much cheaper, sometimes faster, sometimes not). If in future we'll get trains moving steadily over 500 km/h, that would be a proper time saving advantage over longer distances. Airports became such a time and energy drain, with ridiculous and annoying security measures that most probably doesn't work anyway, just hikes the price and takes time. Let's not forget fragility of rail network, any delay/accident can have massive cascading effect that stretches far across network, much more compared to cars and planes (well, here it's more complicated for those with connecting flights) a bit too informative post for my taste, but apparently you never know what you'll learn on HN :) Not commenting the content of article which was beaten to death dozens of times, but whole article appears to be an add by "Linkurious", name is mentioned 9 times in article, and it's also posted by them. Nice success story to show your customers, but label it as such, and not as some sort of investigative journalism like original topic was. well, movie (heck, all MM movies took place in Australia, which is anything but mountainous land. and it goes on - if rivers are poisoned, rain is some sort of hardcore acid pouring down. you actually want to avoid that as much as possible. so no, even for people that would be able to travel far, mountains might be a worse choice. plus, they are so deep into apocalypse, that they don't know geography beyond what they can reach by cars the guy has some interesting points (hard to say valid ones since we are all just guessing how future will shape up), but constant mentioning of minimal guaranteed income as cure-it-all-for-our-bright-future is a bit too much to swallow (mentality of quite a few nations i know is, hand out anything, and you remove the only motivation for them do do anything positive or even neutral to society) The last line of article says it all - Tom Streithorst has been a union member... - in my own personal experience, unions are plague, nothing to be proud of, but that's another topic altogether. This makes it automatically a left-wing-orientated article, which is OK by principle, but not in sync with my inner beliefs and all experiences in my whole life so far (and I've seen the world a bit here & there) I don't have problem with concept of minimal income, likewise i don't have so many issues with theory of communism. It's this harsh reality we call life when these utopias fail so spectacularly, because of... so many things. World is fragmented, people have so vastly different mentalities and goals in life (if at all), and I cannot imagine one realistic way to enforce this globally. I am more interested into iterations striving for improvement of our lives, rather than massively under-planned revolutions which might look appealing at first glance. And as for unions, another poster expressed it perfectly. The current political reality of them is pure shame, nothing I would ever, anywhere put into my signature as something to be proud of. So that tells you/me soemthign about author. Btw, why unions left for example doctors out of that 40-hour work week? Or you think that having over-exhausted expert, who hadn't slept for a day or two, decide on your best treatment for some acute life threatening state, when you take your own medications, have your own allergies and set of other important conditions to consider? I can confirm there are plenty of businesses running various systems on XP. It can get even worse, at work we STILL use XP 32 bit as primary workstations (at least Linux on all servers). I am a Java developer, so routinely I have over 3.5 GB of memory taken, on system that can access cca 3.2 GB max. And we're talking about virtualized remote machines, no real desktops (yes, it's crap). At least at the end of the year, Win7 64b coming. Main reason might not be XP as much as that plague called IE 6. Couple of important intranet apps run only on this. Migration underway, but this isn't apparently such a priority for our management. What backwardish 3rd world company I work for you ask? Well, one not really tiny private bank in Switzerland... I almost fully agree with you. But... when looking at broader spectrum (Unix+Linux), I was tasked recently with migration of some sort of legacy app suite from AIX to Linux. Part of this were Bash+Perl scripts for various document modifications for printing purposes. What a clusterf k those scripts were... I am (still) no expert, and Java developer on top, so working with these in vim/ultraedit was a bit nightmarish compared to what even basic Eclipse can offer you for debugging in Java. But the worst issues were bash comamnds that compared to AIX had a different syntax, and they for example ignored some parameters, or some params had different meaning... Bear in mind I was not in position to pick up which version of bash, perl etc gets installed where. maybe because support is gone unless you pay hefty sum, which might hike up in near future or be discontinued altogether? all software is broken in numerous ways, super complex things like OS even more yeah, and having real world socialism with vastly underperforming economy, forcing everybody to have a job, creating pointless jobs to to fill this criteria (and unleashing state terror on those who don't fit in). if you think i'm joking, unfortunately no. had lived in socialist country and i can still see the damage on people 20 years after we switched to democracy. people went to jail if they refused to work. if they spoke against the regime, things might got worse. economy-wise - our neighbor Austria after WWII borrowed from us money to rebuild itself. after 40 years of socialism, when curtain fell, they were light years and more ahead of us, in everything, thank you central planning. i felt like a poor beggar coming there first time. Sorry if my reaction offended anyone, i'm just too allergic of anything reeking of socialism. nothing beats first hand experience not that i completely disagree with your vision of future, there are many +- lovely fantasy projections out there. but let's get back from utopia to this harsh real world we live in. People like you always point to just things that are wrong with this system (and let's agree on this, there are plenty) and come up with star trekkish almost perfect world where all is nice and super cool, without thinking a bit (or at least sharing with rest of us), HOW THE HECK DO YOU WANT TO GET THERE? FROM HERE? I mean from this, current world, that is not only, but also thanx to US command-and-conquer approach burning, and that fire will hurt many of us for generations to come? Some iterative, realistic steps please, that could be voted through on various parts of this planet, by populations with vastly different mentality than yours (and mine). > I want them to have a check coming so they can educate themselves or just go consume things they need. How do you know that McDonald workers want just this and don't have higher aspirations? And btw I am not aware of any country that has McDonald franchise open that people are dying from hunger on streets, there are always options for survival. In many of those, people can reach practically all human knowledge with a tap on screen of a phone. What if they want a brand new ferrari and feel like they really need it? or "only" BMW? who will decide what is good or not? YOU?? Many doomsday stories here don't reflect fuildity of our existence - things really don't change overnight, more like over generation. politicians have a lot of power, and last time i checked they still got voted by humans. so for example why don't you consider this slight possibility, that when situation will come worse, something will change in our system and we won't continue same direction blindly? I for one have +- confidence that, with some oscilations, will move in proper direction, whatever that will be. this... if all those rules were followed, the workplace would be a very stimulating place to be! which is sadly not true for many, or not most of the time for almost all if you ask me (even if you don't), he has blood of hundreds on his hands. i wouldn't mind such people being executed, in some "human" way. i don't believe it serves much as deterrent for others, just simply permanent removal from our society, into which such persons bring only heaps of negative stuff... plenty of people on the planet and more coming every second, no need to cherish every a hole out there. rather put resources where they actually help unfortunately, in some way or other, his premises are true. more chaos it creates, the longer it all takes, the more cash extracted. take a look at afghanistan - there was never a critical mass of enough soldiers/equipment to swiftly win the war, conquer whole territory. just enough to appear winning, but not really (in reality, US lost the war, in similar way as soviets did). look what's happening with iraq - US is/will be coming back. oh gosh, what an unfortunate coincidence. is there still anybody out there convinced that iraq game was about protecting US citizens anyhow? I mean, look at the map, look 12 years back at politics, there was no threat, there is still no threat to US citizens back home. Just enough to piss off radical muslims, and radicalize rest. let's not forget we're talking about oil-richest region on the planet. yes, coincidence again... why are there so many lobbyists in Washington? i mean these people should be put in jail for treason yes but... as stated, current taxi drivers won't sweat a bit to actually improve their services, which are generally deemed as sub par to be polite. but they will go great lengths to hurt any sign of competition, even users who show interest in it. how much more rotten their behaviour must be for you to start caring about customers more than them? of course it's not black & white, but this industry is in grave need of disruption, and one is coming. i don't care about them any more than they do care about me, fair deal. good that you enjoy it, but this is about France, most socialistic country in western Europe with crippling national strikes all the time (not condemning, just observing since I am rarely affected). People there generally often have the perception that their own job security should be held above everybody's convenience, rights and so on (it's also heavily unionized, which kind of makes sense with whole picture of the country and mentality). It's just not a very competitive job market why not take significant portion of the country (ie those commuting daily by trains to work, school etc) as your hostages? how can they defend? pathetic cowardly behavior in my book... > ah yes, the usual "HFT is the best invetion since wheel and fire" mantra... again, same question - who cares? apart from some already super rich HTF guys. > "something somewhere going wrong" - um, this is practically constant situation for quite some time, in or out of markets. But don't let my relaxed monday mood disturb your doomsday freaking out :) > This article isn't exaggerated; it's there to highlight what's going on for the traders and brokers who aren't technologically advanced. traders and brokers who do actual trading and not HFT will not be affected directly by that (ie their books), it's more like a sidenote that "if you see some blip in feeds during that time, this might explain it" we will lose moon well before that, it's going further away every year (don't recall exact value, should be few cm per year) street wisdom (or they...) says that roughly 95% of charity/help donations go to management and delivery of those donations, and only 5% is spent on actual goods (be it medicine, blanket, food etc.) that help people. it seems a bit over-the top statement, but then you realize how massive organizations (or corporations?) like UN are, employing thousands and thousands of people in most expensive parts of the world (New York, Geneva... seriously WTF?). Here in Geneva, there are gazillions of non-profit orgs, then there are various organizations grouping those non profits and so on. Still talking about one of most expensive cities in the world. Yes, those people probably don't have private bank-levels of salary, but I know a people or two who are curently buying high-priced properties over the border in France, so they are more than OK. Friend in quite high position in Red cross hates UN with passion, stating they are useless in real crysis scenarios, just bureaucrats etc. Not sure if that's an objective statement, but there is probably at least some truth there. What I decided to do, at least for now - Amnesty International. Rather than putting bandage where bleeding, it might lead to improvement of system. And I pay directly organization of lawyers who actually try to do good stuff, not bureaucrats who travel all around the world and check some spreadsheets and do presentations. But what one poster says here is probably one of best things - directly invest into treating people, no useless middlemen who, like it or not, also need to be payed. scumbags like that with too much power and too little oversight, feeling righteous... if any of you are reading this, please do a properly good deed for this world, and either quit or shoot yourself (that's a honest request, unfortunately) Stabilize the world? are you effin' joking? the world out there is burning, and things are getting worse every day, mostly as a direct result of US meddling and power plays in given region. Not for a single second I consider US politicians stupid or unexperienced. Unjustified wars are waged with just enough people to not lose completely, but not enough to decisively win. this situation is well planned, and although i have no clue what their plans for future are, clearly they don't give a fraction of f k about some world stability. More like command & conquer approach. You americans shouldn't be that surprised that you meet a lot of friction and resistance whenever you go to "stabilize" the world huh, making beer from potato?? This can be a double edge sword. you enjoy your new responsibilities? good for you. not everybody wants to get more and more on their shoulders until the point of realizing that there ins't much time for that little thing called life. Also, most people who get promoted/raised around me end up working much more compared to raise they've been given. Personal experience - in every single work I've done (roughly 10 customers/employers, perm+consultant) in 3 different countries, there was/is always room to grab more responsibility, more tasks etc. State of IT usually just a variation of a term MESS, with some technical debt here and there, everywhere. You work harder, solve more, take more responsibility and your career progresses along (or you go to place where it does faster). But with this might also come 9-10 hours at work instead of 8 (plus lunch), company phone which is there just to remind you of the work when you're not in, maybe more weekends screwed up and so on. Even in otherwise very work/life balance oriented employers. Want another advice? When having a formal talk with your boss, tell him you want a raise, but you don't want it for free, rather bringing added value. Define clear terms what is expected from you to get there, fulfill them and watch the magic happen :) raise is a permanent bonus, on top of other bonuses actually called... bonus stick around for long enough, and you'll probably become critical. sad true is, most of these people don't have salaries as high as those jumping around frequently. but as long as they're OK with work, not much to complain about some people get quickly bored no matter what kind of job you throw at them. IT is currently too geenerous profession and these spoilings are very common these days. good if you have skillset interesting enough for companies to overlook that (nobody is blind nor stupid enough to not notice that at all). or if you can just sell yourself, it doesn't matter how one gets the job. but for anybody looking for more than short term head count increase, with at least a bit of project management experience, what you describe is simple - a big NO, not worth the hassle. If last 10 comapnies failed to retain you for more than a year, 11th won't be much better, would it... if you are a true born hopper there is perfect way to do things right - self employed consultancy. it's also paid better most of the time. and btw getting bored too quickly is terrible, terrible personality trait, for any aspect of life. I tend to disagree. With nationalism/patriotism, you cannot avoid highlighting positivies of the past and skipping darker parts, which then gives twisted "we're the best country in the world" impression. US is a fine example, but I believe all countries are in, one way or the other. One should view critically the past and present of its own nation, focus on all aspects, and learn from mistakes. But nationalism/patriotism and objective critical thinking tend to go against each other in real world out there. So no, I prefer to not like patriotism, of any kind. Anyway, I feel more of a citizen of this world, rather than some area that belonged somewhere else 100 years ago, elsewhere 1000 yeats ago, and will for sure in another 1000 years in future. Once a person moves a bit around the world, perspective on this topic is changed for good (classic House quote - "Patriotism is nothing but loyalty to real estate") the problem is, most people on this planet (over 90% that's for sure) with current mentality wouldn't work for some mythical greater good when given more free time. they would be sitting in front of TV more, been drinking more etc. gotta love these theories for 12 year olds which work with these theoretical people units of some star trek era. Real people with hate, greed, massive egos, slacking around, not giving a franction of a f k what will happen to this world after them, and so on. mkay, so maybe not all deserve so much free time, because it would be spent entirely selfishly. who will decide who gets more and who less? heck, give me more free time, and I'll travel more, have more adventures in life. some greater general good ain't the priority here, more focused on closest people around me. what about coming up with some way to reward more challenging work more, reward more people who bring benefits seemed most worthy to community? and make this reward interchangeable so they can use their rewards to fulfill their needs and wishes? sounds slightly familiar... so please, if you come up with some shiny & chrome new theory how to solve everything and even more, just sit down a bit before, and think how can you change THIS world with REAL achievable steps into whatever fantasy world you dreamed today. as for me, this place is mkay. not perfect, but that was never the plan I am not american either, so what? you completely disregard that any handgun, including these mythical "assault rifles" (which is stupid term by definition, it's usage which defines purpose, so why there aren't any assault pistols?) is just a tool, needing a trained hand to be used. as described below, automatic weapons are not purchasable for civilians, only their modified versions that allow single shot per trigger pull, thus making them effectively small caliber hunting rifles. If you need those, only with special hard-to-get permits, or you need to join the army (and kill few poor people for free) if you want to stop some crazy people killing with these "assault guns" (why not called home defense guns?), you should focus on removing given dangerous individual from society, and not trying remove their access to weapons. Anything can be used to kill, including scissors, saw, pipe, baseball, knife or just good old pure hands. with current logic, all these things should get outlawed too. No statistics in hand, but I am damn sure the amount of people killed by legally purchased "assault rifles" compared to say hit & run with cars is neglible. with similar logic I say ban cars! (and it would do so much good in other ways...) P.S. one last thing - pro-gun-ban people completely disregard gun shooting as a means for hunting and as a fun activity at range. Many weapons, including mentioned AR-15 (civilian version of popular M16) will never be shot outside shooting range. Why use higher caliber guns instead of some puny .22? Because it's more fun! Ah wait, we're talking maybe to same people that banned almost harmless marihuana and happily kept tobacco and alcohol roaming free on markets... DISCLAIMER: I never owned any handgun that would require any form of registration, yet before having strong statements about what should/shouldn't be banned, I at least educate myself. Gun ban laws are, apart for some corner cases, just pure crowd idiocy and hypocrisy. very true, in fact any greek person worth a dime on job market can easily pack & go. i am very surprised that very few actually leave their homeland, despite constant complaints how hellish place greece became thanks to budget cuts and reforms. either that's a blatant lie, or they are just lazy. yeah, it's not the best solution overall if all worthy people leave the place, but that's how current world works. and loss for one country is a net gain for another too (maybe germany? :)) one thing i don't get with all these sways of opinions... everybody is so obsessed with what they eat and how much, nitpicking contents of this and that, instead of trying to match their intake with amount if activity per day. I know it's hard, i know you have to produce that nasty thing called sweat to actually achieve anything, but for christ sake... just do some activities! ideally daily, with some variability. But even half an hour early morning run every day will make huge difference in life. it will make your life longer, and more interesting in the process, in practically every aspect (yes, including sex). We are all unique, so find whatever makes you sweat and feels like fun & challenge. Heck, after not consuming processed sugars for few weeks, eating something with them is rather disgusting experience, same goes for overly fatty foods. Taste for anything natural improves HUGELY. of course, ideal scenario is good food + healthy activities. but the more you do work out, the less importance there is on quality of food to make you stay & feel healthy (this one is more complex topic, so let's say keep eating healthy). what i would propose is similar to tobacco treatment - anything clearly unhealthy, add a tax that will go directly to health system treating all those heart attacks, diabetes and other conditions that people bring upon themselves by being weak and/or stupid. i know it's not that simple, but at least that's a move into some direction... no voting up or down, just my 2 cents from europe: US likes peace, if it helps economically (ie getting stuff from given place cheaply, selling your produce well.. you get the idea). US doesn't care about peace, and will take any excuse to start a war, kill millions, make life extremely miserable for additional huge amounts of people (yes, tens of millions easily) if it's worth the goal. Which can be economical, power, or, as usually, mix of both. so many examples of murders of officials, nazi-style staging of attacks to get a foot into war (Tonkin bay, anybody?) etc. No my dear, war is a great business, is you are providing right products or services. to cover this topic properly I would have to spend rest of evening just writing, and my knowledge of reality is anyway severely limited, as things like Snowden leaks reveal. US is not a single panel or one central brain, but composed of individuals, powerful, twisted, fucked up greedy bastards, who will do anything to get more (power, money) not because they need it, just because they can and their egos get kick from it. then you have the good guys in politics, who are honest, hardworking for people who voted them and not those who gave millions to campaigns to get them where they are in first place... NO. there are no such people, even if they were, they would be discredited easily by first group, or anyhow removed. Most I would say are somewhere in between. If you think army in level of general and higher is anything else than similar politics, think again (it isn't). Is it in interest of US to have strong states in Gulf area, sitting on biggest oil reserves in this world? I don't think so, command and conquer is a proven strategy for millenia. US tried to help, but selectively, and mostly marginaly (if you help my enemy, you become my enemy is common logic all around the world). I still haven't heard a proper jsutification why US is still in Afghanistan when it lost that war, there is no will of winning it, and daily they are just killing more and more locals. US may conveniently label them terorists, but they are locals, fighting invading force (external fighters omitted). Or training ukraininans? Just on the border of Russia? That's one hell of a peace move right there :) I am disgusted with US, don't expect anything good in terms of world politics coming out of it, and percieve it as necessary evil. Very happy seeing nations like Chinese rising to power. All empires rise and fall, ours and yours are no exceptions. IMHO since 9/11, the situation is going downwards. just because we have potential for more destruction than there is currently being done, I wouldn't call it a success and happy peaceful times. maybe that's an US view, far removed from all the mess you guys are creating daily neither, if I would be non-european, I would choose either europe or australia. better quality of life, more personal freedom (yes, compared to US, the land of free), and just a more interesting places to be (EU culture diversity is still astonishing to me even though I live here 34 years already, Australia has all south east asia and great barrier reef just next to it, which are amazing places to explore) oh please, no american-style patriotism here in europe. I respect our american friends, but please, just... no. to give reasons would mean insulting probably more than few, so I refrain from that. let's say we're not all the same, we've grown up in different environments, and there are quite a few things I personally don't like in current US, and would not see many reasons to be proud. that we have our own issues is true, just as everybody else out there, including US. personally I am proud of any european space achievement, especially since it's obvious how hard it is to do some coordinated international effort. patriotism in such things as space exploration is laughable, however reasonable commercial reasons behind it are (well described in another post). seeing logic "usa reached pluto" instead of "mankind reached pluto" is a bit sad, and i don't care if it's US, China, India or Monaco spacecraft. it just feels as wrong and antiquated view of the world... but maybe typical to generic US person? (no clue really) ok you got me there, due to my bad wording. I am not specifically proud of European achievements (although our bureaucracy can be spectacular, so it's even bigger achievement in my eyes), if China/India/Russia/whoever would be doing some successful novel space exploration missions, I would be proud equally. And by same logic, same is valid for US (and this mission). It's just that I long consider myself citizen of this world, rather than citizen of some pre-marked real estate, which was different 500 (or even 100) years ago, and will no doubt change beyond recognition many times in future. patriotism goes in direct opposition to this belief, bringing "us and them" mentality (with obvious emphasis that "us" is better), which I personally believe isn't something to be proud of and strive for in 21st century. Bear in mind this is my personal opinion, I don't represent all citizens of Europe any more than you do represent all US citizens :) well if they care, you shouldn't be then surprised that this approach would go against the fur of quite a few people (safe to say more than 1000% of US population?). and since even people with different mindset, like me, find it a bit distasteful and unnecessary, not-so-positive reactions are to be expected. btw welcome to the internet, where people complain about stupid things, all the time :) not really, for me its more like work on yourself, not necessarily hard, but continuously. in time, you will leave most people behind. and recognize moments when life is giving you a chance, and grab it like there is no tomorrow. in this definition, every single living being is probably multitasking... you, me, everybody sorry to break your perception (or not), but even as a space exploration enthusiast, never heard of that. but then again, podcasts generally are on outer rim of interest of general population as a person who lived in yet another centrally planned country, let me tell you this, plain simply - it doesn't work. soviets failed, but so every other nation that went that way. let's call it slow but steady financial rotting that will bring any country down, given enough time. there are plenty of reasons for that, they are always the same, but for me one is most important - they all work with ideal person who wants to help the system, instead of disconnected greedy selfish individuals, that real society consist of. this is of course valid for humans, who have all kinds of flaws, some more than others. so you propose to give power to software, who by principle always has... flaws. imagine how juicy this thing would be for hackers, who would have billions-big incentives from shady business people to nudge decisions in their favors... silly naive people :) What I would suggest - let some state of the art simulation run along the humans, and evaluate its decisions after some time passes, to clearly see who made the right one, in long term. after there is some long term perception that computer is clear winner (definitely not below 10-20 year mark of steady performance), we can move that way. and always, always have some sort of semi-neutral commitee to oversee and accept/reject all important stuff (with necessary reasoning, not on whims of current most powerful one). make it as transparent as possible. -- do you think this is real? no way, when looking at how shady today's politics are done, be it US, europe or any other place... naive and oversimplified view... are you an employee or employer? I don't have issue negotiating salaries hard, but I personally know very bright people, who for various reasons failed at that, and once they learned other people's salaries (which happens eventually to most), they got extremely frustrated, felt strong injustice and some left. I have more sympathy for community-based approach rather than selfish everybody-for-themselves in this. and no, you don't just come with any number you would like to see to an interview. if you overshoot too much, you probably won't be hired, depends on recruiter and company. this. if you race your mind whole day in highest gear, tired body helps a lot to drag it into abyss of good old hard sleep. plus gazillion other positive effects, if all is done right now it explains why they don't work in non-english speaking countries. other fleas no hablo ingles! time to send them for some proper schooling... what about... if we dedicate at least half of the effort/cash to get people on effin' mars into making sure earth will be hospitable for next hundreds of years? I don't get this childish screaming how earth is doomed... if you travel a bit around the world, you'll see a very, very different picture, there is still amazing amount of unspoilt potential. some random examples, applicable mostly to 3rd world countries - usage of crazy poisons for gold/other metals/minerals mining & processing. another thing is providing alternative fuel sources, so vast pieces of forests are not cut down. limits on fishing, and ban of "dragging nets on the floor and sweeping parts of ocean clean". and I could go on and on, i am sure everybody can come up with some useful stuff. I am all for space exploration, being in open space is my lifetime dream, but let's stop being emotional for a bit and use our heads. focus on biggest problems, their causes, tackle that. even partial success will have massive impacts. and in parallel, let's explore in current ways, improving our technologies one step after another. Once we can send a manned ship on a budget that won't ruin an average country, let's go for it. Anyway, putting few people on our inhospitable neighbor ASAP won't save humanity from extinction... quite a few of those are not relevant for habitability. for example tides, really? or you wouldn't survive if day would have 40 hours??? I mean, dude, seriously... what? by no means I am an apple fan, never owned any of their device (mainly because how they treat their customers, but that's completely different topic) and still living, but - case is clear simple here. Apple paid owners of copyright agreed amount, and startup was stealing this content without anyone's approval. I don't care who gave list to whom, etc. Justice has been done. If you don't like copyright laws, that's again another story altogether. No rocket science... well, don't blame them. above certain position (which is usually pretty low), politics overcome skills in terms of progress in career. so what do you expect from bullshitters who bullshitted their way up there into positions of power, that they would cut off their own source of (current and future) success? :) I work in same type of company, and it's pretty obvious how this and similar corporate cr*p clearly doesn't bring the best out of people, sometimes in contrary. If I would be owner/shareholder of any company, ever, first thing I would be concerned how incentives/bonuses for that extra mile/good work are being given. The higher the management, the more bonuses would be tied to long term progress (i know it's easier written than done, but i consider it at least partly responsible for financial turmoil of recent years too). in all honesty, correct me if I'm wrong, Canon doesn't produce state-of-the-art sensors, does it. in fact, at least according to very same dxomark, Sony does... and since Sony glasses suck/there are too few & good ones are overpriced, to me it seemed logical to go Nikon way (which use Sony sensors, namely D750 in my case). Now Canon with proper sensors, that would be a killer combination, wouldn't it that's the sad part - few photos available made each of them worthy inspection, bringing memories etc. now, having 100 GB of photos & videos from somebody's childhood will either produce ignorance of whole content (no, nobody will ever want to go through all of them, guaranteed, and if yet they would hate it), or some automated way (yet to be invented) to take out best maybe 100-200. By not selecting few good worthy now, you're just pushing the decision into the future, to your/somebody else's shoulders. mine is (say D750 as a source, with raw+basic jpeg): - move all jpegs from card, keep raws there - go through jpegs, select "best" (ie worth further work), for worthy ones take RAW from card instead of jpeg - select panoramas to join in autopano - join panoramas (source is jpeg, if anybody knows how to do it with Nikon Raws, please share!) - select best panoramas (often quality is visible only after all is rendered) - if I have multiple sources (photos, panos with different naming, GF camera, Gopro, phones etc.) I make one single unified ordering based on file names (this is crude process, but no clue about anything better) - process those Raws in Lightroom, put them back - post on flickr for parents (don't have FB) - select even more for FB albums for all rest - delete all raws on memory card (ie except those few worthy processing that were moved from it) cumbersome process, but I simply don't like the workflow Lightroom is forcing me to use, so I use it only for Raw edits. Now where to backup those selected few is another question, since I don't want to pay... as a non-US, these topics are beyond ridiculous to me. some initial disclaimer - i am not very fond of usual loud-screaming-around feminists... nobody is for that matter, not even my fiancee. if I ever witnessed any kind of discrimination in my 11 year long career, in 3 different countries, working for... 7 employers? but many more customers, if was POSITIVE discrimination against women. they were strongly welcomed into teams, cherished (in a positive way), their opinions mattered (if expressed, of course), they worked hard as hell, kudos to all of them. no idea how things work outside IT, but that's not the topic here. equivalence between men and women in WHAT? I am not same as my male colleague next to me, we're far from equivalent, and anybody with at least a hint in team management knows that damn well. equivalence in thinking? no way, and I would call it a benefit. But only thing that matter job-wise is performance for tasks given, and in that, there should be rough equivalence. if not, somebody, doesn't matter who and what gender, is incorrectly hired. pfff, US and your funky over-correction issues... last week saw a video taken from plane taking off, the end of the wing hit a drone (actually quite high) and got damaged badly (no access to youtube now at work, but it should be easy to find). Damage to wing can easily get to few tens of thousands of USD, if not more. Be it engine, the aircraft would be having much bigger issues, since after takeoff, it needs a lot of thrust to gain altitude. as usually, the whole drone community is going to suffer because of few arrogant d*ckheads. initially i was pro-drone, but after couple of similar videos showing how some owners of drones behave (privacy is unknown term for quite a few), I don't have that much sympathy anymore. Regulate, allow in some areas but under strict rules, punish harshly those who ignore rules. When one wields ability to potentially kill few hundred people and do 200 mil USD damage (or much more, imagine falling plane hitting some urban area), personal sympathies are irrelevant. no, I wouldn't. exactly because of f*uckups like these, that always come with features for lazy or stupid. if I ever, ever be forced to buy such pathetic excuse for a car, first thing I'll do is find sim card and burn it. next will be wi-fi module. heck, I'll even pay some garage to turn it off forever. I am software engineer and that's why I don't want anybody messing up with crucial systems. It's so easy to break things, there were quite a few reports about horrible quality assurance processes in car manufacturers... just NO. I buy car, and I'll be happy with v1.0 of firmware, no updates, thank you US doesn't care about freedom in other countries. They may say so, but action say a bit different story - how can they be good friends with places like Saudi Arabia and worse? what they care about is, are you with us or against? any other position is very hard to maintain, albeit possible. you just need a bit extra finance for that. freedom and good life for vietnamese people was not considered much when that war was planned (beginning by staged US Tonkin gulf accident to get a foot in situation, in good ol' Gleiwitz nazi style). it was all about influence, having foothold out there so soviets don't take it all around, keeping armed forces trained in real life scenarios (train your forces in small war to be prepared for big one) etc. US was very much anything but a good guy there. Saying North vietnamese did worse things doesn't make you automatically a good guy, does it. Nah, Vietnam is just another topic in US history americans should feel ashamed of. Quite a few I met that are not teenagers actually do. And look at result - they lost the war, they screwed up that country really bad (ie many birth defects many years after the war thanx to Agent Orange spraying), and at the end, country found its way to +-democracy in peaceful way, although it took some serious time. But you can't make that much money from selling arms in peace, can you well, you are simply having too much chilli in the food. good curry for example isn't one that burns your mouth (if you eat it regularly), but rather enrich all flavors present, including many other herbs and spices. if you don't feel anything else but burn, your cook ain't that good :) as good old chap Arnold once said, no pain, no gain. working out in any way goes much deeper than bigger muscles and better cardio system (and denser bones, and stronger joints, and...). one of most interesting side effects is that once you regularly push yourself from any sort of comfort zone into sweating-like-pig (or even better with climbing, pushing yourself over your fear or death which is pretty darn strong emotion), repeatedly, routinely, something strange and beautiful happens (well it did to me). you start taking life's challenges with a smile, not fearing them, rather taking them as a mean of improving oneself. I could go on, but I presume you get the picture. No pill is ever going to supplement this. And as you write, I would be also extremely surprised if this doesn't have multitude of nasty side effects on various parts of our bodies. But if you look around you, ie how much cash flows into diet supplements/losing weight business, yes it will be probably success. People are lazy, too busy etc. and are looking for quick solutions for their issues, rather than actually investing some time. you can say he/they have moral responsibility. but laws are what they are, and that is truly the only real responsibility for all of us. just that you feel strongly about something and feel that it is the right way doesn't make it any more enforceable. please note that I +- agree with you. anon3_ 2 had a slightly ignorant comment, maybe not intended, but I understand his view too (albeit I don't agree that much). the thing is, if he is really rich, he for sure wants to live in calm, secure and stable society where he isn't threatened daily just because he worked hard and now he is well off. For that, there needs to be broad(er) prosperity. Poor hungry people won't stay quiet for long. On the other hand, let's face it - people are lazy. not all of course, but many. Create easy conditions, and very few will do their best for society (aka work). Create too hard conditions, and many will break without ever reaching their potential. I think state should be there to give a helping hand to those who work hard to make better life for themselves, but NOT make the better life for themselves. How? Now that's a question nobody has really good answer for :) I would bet on proper public schooling with high wages and great inspiring teachers. Add a non-abusable health care system (statement ridiculous in real world on its own), and society will flourish. All US would need is divert maybe half of cash for waging useless wars around the globe... ah wait you're not presenting one side of picture, what you are stating is plain wrong in many cases. Each sentence contains a lie or half-truth (ie something valid for few states out of 30 ain't universal europe-broad truth). I ain't lowering myself to your level, but let's say your comment is subpar for this site. Strive for better next time, I am sure you easily can ;) that's 100 years old history, and true. now let's talk about these times... > It seems to be a basic human bias; we think everything positive that happens to us is due to our own merit not all, but if one decides to move for work and opportunities, giving up close family, many friends, various safety nets that they bring (financial, personal etc.), start from 0, working hard relentlessly and then is successful (whatever that means), then coming back and listening some envious BS talk about privileged/lucky/whatever by people who eat junk food not because they have to, sit their evenings in front of TV consistently, never ever considered learning something in their (massive) free time etc. They started on +- same level, have same internet as me. Do you really blame anybody successful? I don't. I want to give back, and I am doing that. But not to random Joe, but to my dearest - family and friends. If everybody does that, the very few truly unlucky remaining can be dealt generously with state social systems. This is what made US so famous and strong in past - that your success won't be averaged with those that don't break a sweat, your success will be yours. And more you work on it, bigger it might be. Remove this incentive, and many very bright people will steer their energy elsewhere, and humanity gains less. no you're not you say don't want to start wider discussion yet you try hard to start one... not really good in communication skills, are you? I mean, I hate unions with passion, but your post almost makes me like them There is this japanese approach called kaizen, meaning one step at a time. You already made the first and hardest one - decide for a change. removing sodas (and other corn syrup stuff) is amazing step, what about a bit more movement? try walk, start with shorter, make them longer over time. find something to enjoy on these changes, that helps motivation a lot. be persistent, don't make petty excuses why to skip it, and give it all a bit of time. learn to enjoy sweat - it means you're doing something good for yourself ;) now this is the comment I like, not sliding on the nixon-hate wave like most others (I am no expert on neither of US presidents). to me it seems both had balls when it was needed, unlike current guy. and like it or not, assholes like Putin sometimes need a gentle reminding slap in their face to show who really runs the show (sorta...) I would say though we shouldn't attribute all political wins/loses during one's era only to one guy. I don't think how the show is run, not now and neither back then. Kissinger might have helped out with Chinese for example. You need these huge personas to neogtiate with all-powerful dictators (something my EU lacks so badly it's not fun anymore) hard to resist temptation to lower oneself to your level (and that's quite a road down there), but I'll try - you are wrong. as always, it depends on people involved. yes, but that's it. be it the best UNI in europe or worst in most cases doesn't have any impact at all, in worst is a very minor disadvantage that can be easily overcomed by showing skillset. yeah but now you talk about academics, thing broken beyond repair on its own jeeez, you enjoy living scared to death about impending doom here or there? I don't get people like you, apparently spending too much time on internet. go out and have some fun :) doomsayers running around are nothing new for last couple of thousands of years. you know what I think? it's a character weakness, and a big one in this case. grow some balls, look at positive things happening, have some faith (not religious one, in mankind), and for the-guy-on-the-cloud sake, don't poison others with your inner frustrations/scares/half-empty glass. nah, they are gun wielding nutjobs who feel righteous in any situation... yes, you don't want to screw with them, but people don't have respect for them, just fear i don't think so, US ain't paradise, but carjacking is a bit off from major concerns groups. rather general antipathy to police state which US became, making "land of free" expression a rather ridiculous one. Life is just generally better and nicer in many parts of Europe, and that can be shocking when one comes for first time and expects... more from say Hollywood propaganda they clearly don't care about their business customers, since this kind of childish behavior is a strict no-go for most companies with at least slightly decent IT. Fair enough, they actually create big holes in the market that startups can eventually fill in. Albeit it won't be easy (replacing Active directory, Exchange and Office suites), rewards are worth it. With that, Microsoft as desktop and server solution provider is a history. Still not getting why they want to copy Google's revenue stream, when they have solid base in vastly different areas... games, games, games, just 3 reasons, very good for quite a few. and let's not forget the whole corporate global space, where Exchange+Office suite rules unchallenged. whenever i try to see some excel in what gmail has for previews, i cry and run away (and those are simple excels out there, without any complex scripts for example). I hear this for last 15 years, and few things changed. Showstoppers - 100% compatibility with Office will probably never happen, which is deal breaker for most business customers actually paying for licences. second issue is device drivers. users don't care who-what is responsible, they just want to see their strange printer working with scans. Again, in many cases not there as somebody who never uses apple products and probably never will, i don't find it OK that my device, any device would do such nasty things. to put it as simply as I can - wrong behavior is wrong, and it's good to not be OK with it. just because other assholes in the block are doing it too doesn't make it any more right. do you see anything wrong with that statement? no it isn't any changer of anything. just a smaller full frame body in ecosystem that desperately lacks more good quality lenses (which are still big, so whole setup looks a bit ridiculous, and for prolonged movie recording isn't very pleasant). well, many of them are, just not all :) not that there is anything wrong with gun wielding, or being christian (nobody is perfect after all), that fat aspect not so much if you actually use it for travel, sooner or later it will be revealed by some security wanting to scan your malfunctioning passport. By fixing one problem you create another workwise, in many cases yes (mine included, it's even better!) multimedia wise, NOK. most games somehow run != all games run without issue, 100% Win performance. for many devices drivers suck - not linux fault, but no user really cares. my idea out of blue sunny sky - do once a week an anonymous doodle/whatever app with things that went good, things that went wrong, what i would like to change, and suggestions to team building event (it could be anything from an hour team meeting about technologies/changes to few beers at the bar to anything else... and not necessarily on weekly basis). unless the team is massive, it cannot be really 100% anonymous, but good enough is... good enough. and make clear in the beginning that these data have single purpose, and nothing else. then there is the reality part - big multinational corps (i work in one of them) don't care about this - you should be super happy ultra motivated employee by default, all the time, beacon of light, among all other beacons of light. You are not happy, you complain? well guess what, in next firing round, the chances of you being gone are higher, much higher... ... and since scientific results obtained in any way are good enough, US and russians were very happy to get their hands on Nazi "research" done in concentration camps. It was basically slow torture to death usually caused by infections from really twisted experiments, ie sewing in "patient" hay and observing him die slowly over weeks, without helping. some would say once experiments were done and over, there isn't much that can be done to countless victims. albeit true, using these further gives some sort of approval on all of it (ie becessary evil BS). no way you can go for 24-hour being completely awake for 9 months. you can fall into semi-sleep (weird states of trippy semi-consciousness, people daydreaming with open eyes etc.) that gives slight rest to tormented body and mind. Heck, if I cannot sleep, even laying down and closing eyes helps in resting, without sleeping. But if we're talking about healthy normal person who is forced not to sleep, my estimate is in 5-7 days he would die. Tried by military many times, used as torture tool not only during WWII (now they moved to water boarding) striving for being best shouldn't be limited to profession, but also on personal levels - friend, family member, partner, parent. sociery will benefit greatly from people who manage to get this all well, but there seems to be actually very few people who achieve this. us civilians (from R&D point of view) don't care much about this. we're just fed up with devices losing power in few hours after normal usage, and tired of hearing about all-solving batteries that are nowhere in sight. so don't be surprised by negative emotions well, his (valid) point is, that arguably most of this planet inahbitants would do anything possible to get a job like that, for even half the income. which is true. just we in IT and developers in particular are in these days amazingly spoiled, full of this feeling that we are some engineer++, more clever, and generally better than say construction engineers (or any other for that matter). back home we have a saying "pride precedes the fall", and honestly, software development is in dire need for some proper disruption (ie jobs amount and salaries take 50% cut). once you step outside of your little bubble and look how hard it is for real people out there to earn their crappy salaries, come back and we can talk like adults. the sad thing is, both of you are right, and no matter what I do, I cannot decide who is "more right". strange times indeed :) my dignity is OK only if I can spend at least 6 months travelling around the world, and remaining 6 spoiling myself. good luck satisfying that! (joking on my side, but this whole discussion is pointless, since everybody wants something else from system (and all want as much as they can, and slightly more) and it would produce massive resentment from those that would lose even a single cent ... and if you look around, those 2 names ring many bells from people who felt treated horribly working for those guys, vastly more compared to... any other big name. there is no one-template-fits-all, we are all vastly different beings inside. you can try to aim same type of people like yourself for hiring, but after few headcounts this gets really hard. you either provide extra cash motivation, or promise (and delivery) to work on something amazing. what you describe is nice, but it lacks one thing I value a lot - freedom. of choice, of doing things just randomly and not planning every single thing and if something goes wrong, house of cards scenario might happen. freedom to meet a friend randomly not because now I have 1 hour I can afford to spend, but just because I have that hour any evening, any day, any year. not even going into things like longer travelling (ie min. 2 weeks), probably the most enlightening activity one can do to his mind. good for you (but only if rest of your family truly agrees), but to me, you describe pretty much a nightmare. the few guys (in non-founder area) that were so super-performant, and were godsend for their employers, were actually shitty partners, friends and fathers. Your health is a good indicator if your mind is not stretching things too far. And last thing - for most women, it doesn't count how much time you spend with them, it's the time without, lack of intimacy that moves them into distance in relationships. person committing a crime is a criminal, no matter if justice system finds him guilty (I mean come on, we all know similar cases). reciting some law textbooks seems a bit ridiculous in face of reality nah, it isn't. just the first step towards it is hardest. each next one is more and more simple, but we tend to create mental barriers to protect our comfort zone, maybe remnant from times when life was more about plain old survival that is interesting only if you are US resident, which many of us are not :) legal drugs? in terms of cannabis availability for example, more US than european citizens have legal access to them. most countries here are more than backwardish here on similar topics. prostitution is same apologies for my simplistic agnostic point of view, but what's the big deal? that some historic records from 1400 ago may not be that super accurate? anyway from big enough distance, isn't christianity just a sect* of judaism, and islam just a sect* of christianity? they share most prophets, events etc. and god should also be roughly same guy up there somewhere. * by sect i mean forking given official doctrine at that time by claiming that all before didn't get it right but you did, god showed it to you specifically etc. just like gazillion variations of chtristianity forked from original catholicism (well, I suspect that even catholicism is now are quite a bit different religion from the original one in early AD centuries). something tells me I just insulted half of this planet, but cannot help it - from rational point of view, what holy books contain are just some old stories, not more or less interesting then say Myths and legends of ancient greece, or Aesop's fables. now imagine somebody would base their whole life around those, feeling he is right and all others got it wrong. funny, no? no... From purely rational point of view, I fail to see any added value of religions in these times. There are many irrational - emotional aspects where they work, but I just cannot turn off my rational critical part of me that asks questions and doubts anything not provable by experiment, repeatedly. And the Ultimate truth, I mean THE truth, should be able to stand any test of logic with flying flags and should be as solid now as 1500/2000/3000 years ago. my 2 lousy cents cool! been thinking about some very weak laser & attached detector every time I was lying under one of mosquito nets while travelling (or cursing myself for forgetting to bring one with me). Didn't know it's actually semi-real thing :O The issue I thought about was cheap and reliable detection - to avoid firing laser in direction of a person's yes behind mosquito for example. "Photonic Fence can kill up to 50 to 100 mosquitoes a second, at a maximum range of 100 ft" - now that's pretty awesome! >The only thing I find harder as I grow up is to fall in love. It’s not that it doesn’t happen, it just doesn’t happen with the frequency and the easiness it did twenty years ago. But then again that might be a good thing, not to fall in love with every gorgeous woman that crosses your path. I don't need to be even near your age to know for sure that love is a term used for something different than this. Much deeper, much longer-lasting and resilient. If you keep falling in love literally every time hot chick passes along, you've never fell in love. I know both states well enough, and they are worlds apart something like Khan in Star trek? why so? it's a bubble inside a bubble. i know that feeling a bit, living in Switzerland now low light performance is the (one of) holy grail of all camera manufacturers, and one of prime properties evaluated when new hardware arrives (be it lens or sensor). don't expect any major breakthrough there, low hanging fruit has been covered looong time ago. not utilizing weapons and tools available to full potential vs possible harm to some marine life... guess what a soldier chooses? this - it's nice and all to try to compare yourself to some market leader, but Tesla is no match to Porsche in overall driving experience, and won't be in 5 years (theoretically it could catch up, but its extremely unlikely). BMW is much, much better comparison (or Mercs) maybe you misused the words, but are you talking about renting whole HOUSE in largest city & capital of a western europe country? Places like that I've been, normal people (not on minimal wage, rather average salaries) cannot afford renting a proper house in the city even if they give out full single salary. Edge if the city yes, but anything usable in the city - nope. many, if not most, find meaning of life in kids. for me, it's a bit more more broad - kids and future generations as part of mankind. your selfish behavior would pollute planet unnecessarily, taking away precious resources, giving back more pollution. you might not care what will happen after you pass away, but I do. (I say this as a space lover whose biggest dream is to get to space one time... but there are far more important things in life than polishing one's ego, which can be anyway achieved in many, many ways. climbed Matterhorn last week, that's a good starter I can recommend to some :)) they became economic immigrants in the moment they left first safe country after leaving Syria. c'mon, we all know they aren't going to Germany because it's the only place in this world to escape war back home. well if whole world has this obligation, I please our US friends to accept a mere million or two of these refugees. just for next 20 years. surely a drop in the ocean, especially since all this mess is directly caused by US war failures in neighboring Iraq, and refusing to wipe off ISIS to oblivion This could well be said about Hitler for example. He sure aimed high, and could achieve much more if more time was given to him (albeit ageing wasn't what stopped him, luckily). I am slowly starting to believe the biggest threat to mankind are idealists living in their own tiny little mental bubble, far outside of harsh, unjust selfish real world. their well-intended ideas are based on some theoretical human beings that are selfless, pure hearted and will dedicate their life to help others. Usual Star trek thingie. Just that no human like that ever walked on this planet, and probably never won't (fingers crossed for that). We have elections every 4 year to reflect just that - limit the damage that can be done by a single group of people in full control. it works, within its own limitations of course. All other options are well proven to be worse. Next time you'll have an idea how to singlehandedly solve all mankind's problems, sit back, think about it one more time (no, 10 more times) and then go for a coffee. there has been countless individuals before with same/similar ideas. For some reason, world still works as it does. these movements are not about everybody living much longer, only selected wealthy elite. otherwise, this cash would be dedicated to matters you mention (and I fully agree with what you write). Just look at people beyond 80 - most of them are a mere shadow of their former self in all aspects. Living till 120 just for the sake of living sounds more like a nightmare - that tells me they are terrified of death, meaning all are godless in their heart no matter how often they practice their religion. I welcome it (hopefully at proper age) - I will make room for another generation, just like the previous one did for me. I have my time here, and that's enough. France is lucrative mostly to french native speakers, who have quite a massive phobia when they have to speak any other language rather than their own. It looks ridiculous and shameful, especially when noone cares about speaking it outside french bubble. The language had it's prime time long time ago and now it's a mere curiosity. Not the prettiest nor easiest one to learn either. Then there is amazing countryside, but that's hardly big enough motivation alone to move in or stay. Some french work really hard, I think their effectiveness at work is above EU average. But they are socialists at their core - meaning all nice social benefits on one side, but massive inefficiency on the other, on all levels of government. In theory, there is no good reason why French should earn much less compared to say Germans. In reality, the difference is HUGE and there are good reasons for it. Market says it all :) Yeah dude, I live in Geneva for last 5 years, which is probably more full of french people rather than native Swiss. And let me tell you, I see this phobia daily, by people speaking often moderately well english, but having extremely hard time convincing to speak in it, in any possible way. If I go to France, same effect becomes 5x more obvious (of course this is anecdotal measurement). Every single person I've spoken to says same. I mean, every single person. Also those who spent years living/studying in France (Paris, Lyon). It doesn't matter how crappy your school english was (btw why do I keep hearing this excuse all the time?), in very few places it's stellar (neither was mine at home). We all sound a bit funny. So what? What makes difference between French and rest of the world is that any guy will try to speak English, even broken one, and will try to help anybody speaking it (ie in his own country). With English in France, story is consistently different. Yeah, just 5 years of daily experience, only only mine and all expats I know (this is always a funny topic to talk about). Who knows, I could get it all wrong :) this happens when emotions take over rational thinking and decision process. as non-american, and apologies upfront to our US friends, whole WTC was more like 'meh', just another ugly day, what's the big deal... no reason to prefer some clerks over some other kids/women hacked with machetes, smashed by earthquake or other tragedies happening left and right. Manmade or not, not a big difference But when emotions kick in, when YOU feel YOU are attacked (and those are some powerful emotions!), proportions change, and you just want to nuke 'em to hell, twice. I think I react in similar way in... +- similar situations (more personal ones rather than attack on the nation). Sad story that whole USA got swayed into blind acceptance of any security measure to stop that ugly terrorist What a loads of bollocks. I've been personally in the incident where not having a helmet would have a high probability of me dying on spot, or at least have a massive frontal fracture of my skull in forehead, with god knows what consequences. I've flown head-first over the bike, fallen head-first too, have a 5-10 second memory loss of the details from the head impact, but when coming back together, big spiky rock was sticking out of the ground in front of my eyes, touching my helmet on my forehead. Had a bruise in my forehead for a long time (from inside of helmet), some sort of sun shield on helmet went off, but if I didn't buy my first ever bike helmet couple of weeks before that accident, I am damn sure my life wouldn't be the same, and probably not at all anymore. I was shellshock-like for quite a while after that. You don't want to wear helmet? Sure, just in case of incident and head trauma, you'll pay all the medical bills for your head treatment, if you actually survive. And if you don't buy a helmet for your kids, social services on you (how the heck did I survive my childhood without it is still a mystery to me) c'mon, it's easy for me in europe to do 400 miles trip without stopping, on highways and no kids of course. say what you want, albeit cool car, 260 miles is nothing for this category of cars. heading good direction, but not there yet. and if you head into real mountains, where you might end up doing 500-1000m vertical difference to get to some remote places, the batteries will last much less, pushing this super heavy monstrosity upwards. Useless car for anybody but posh soccer mums. That doesn't mean it won't be popular though :) just because you personally don't have a need to store more things in the phone, doesn't mean other people won't have usage for these. I don't like fragile cloud solutions, so my music is offline. I find it amazingly stupid to tell other people to "just delete some of it, because you probably won't listen to it twice". My offline car navigation takes more than 10 GB, and no thank you, I won't use google maps which are not that accurate in places I go, and require constant connectivity (which makes them useless in foreign countries, or in mountains). My DCIM folder is cca 5 GB after 1 year of usage, and I shoot almost no videos which would make it explode. FFS, it's almost end of 2015, having 32 GB model as your highest offering is... pathetic. simply no. one example - in europe, there are still roaming charges. in mountains, there are still places with no internet at all (and it might surprise people like you, but no wifi either). How hard is for some people to understand that whatever suits you, doesn't necessarily suits every single living person on this planet??? get out of your tiny little bubble for once, please. I don't see any value for me in spotify, for example. In circles around me, spotify & co penetration is well below 50%, albeit most know about it. a lot of them are borderline or full blown alcoholics too. this stems from the job they do - depressing, stressful, often under-appreciated. they know the effects of addictions too well, but at the end, they are still only human beings like rest of us... true but again just a part of the problem (although a big one). I recall, back in 2004 during summer break, I worked 6 weeks in LA (Universal Studios), and then moved to Maine to work in some resort. Needless to say, those places were continents apart. In those 4 weeks in Maine, I've seen roughly 5 fat people, non obese (also cca 2 black... err african american altogether). Different attitudes to activities, moving around and sport, different eating habits etc. They all play the game together to produce the result we all can see. You want to have a real clue what you eat? Either do it yourself, or eat as much raw stuff as possible. Over time, you will get used to it and processed food will taste like a canal cooking. it ain't that hard, and it actually makes sense. i can take a look in my own family and it's apparent. answer is - we became lazy, so slowly that many actually think that nothing changed. sample job you mention - carpenter now doesn't do as much physical work as he used do do 500 years ago. the ones who don't use modern approach, they are skinny, muscular athlete-looking types, even if they are 50-60 years old. most people really have very sedentary lifestyle, and even the same profession got more passive over time. you don't need to run around that much in the office searching for some document, if you have DMS for that. all is electronic, reachable with few clicks/taps. Especially in US, but also generally in 1st world countries, people are using cars all the time. For my parents, the only way to do shopping was to carry 10-20kg shopping bags 500m back home from shop, usually few times a week. These tiny examples stack up. Add to this crappy oversweetened, junkish food most people are eating, and it couldn't end up any other way. I live practically in France (Geneva), but most colleagues eat fine tasting, buy shitty composition-wise foods. Most countries fare worse on this. A bit of veggie at the plate doesn't make it magically good and healthy. Also, most people lack any kind of discipline when it comes to food. Spoiling oneself ("treat yourself" bullsh*t), small cheat snacks that somehow don't count to whole food equation, people focused too much on work, and not on their well being. I could go on and on, but why, its apparent. we are to blame, nobody else. you and I choose every day what we put in our mouth, and how much physical exercise we do. Eat better, less (especially dinner), exercise more and all will be good. But for many people, for some reason this seems to be too-hard-to-succeed challenge in life. nonono. no. you don't get it. we need to find something, someone else evil to blame. it's not us, cannot be us, we're perfect, and we won't change just because it makes sense. It's like junk food is a complete mystery for last 20 years, and we don't have a free will and we are not actually choosing what we buy or eat. the fact that sweet stuff is not healthy was known to me as a kid 25 years ago, without all the science. Everybody knew it. I'll say something many won't like - people got weak, not only physically, but mentally. We cannot handle pain that was common before, we frown upon hard physical work, because its well... hard. We seek professional challenges, but other, more important ones, are often sidelined. Also, completely agree with you. Doing sports, anything that makes your heart pumping and your body sweating like pig is by far the best thing one can do for his/her health. Regularly/often is the key, the only true key. Unless one is paraplegic, there is no excuse good enough to be valid. But guess what - it's hard :) my father is still working in the same company, doing +- the same job and guess what... he is moving around much less. I could go on with examples that are valid across the globe. computers in one or other form, albeit amazing, also got us move around much less. people are happy they can regulate lights from their cellphone, rather than getting up and walking those 3 meters... fully agree, stability first. mine story is similar. one can travel for rest of his/her life if wanted, but friends from childhood/teenage years are often something special and irreplaceable in life. if you don't nourish those relationships, usually they fade away. you're not doing anybody any favor dragging kids around the world because of your crappy career goals, it's just being selfish. If you want to be super good parent, take them each year for a month long vacation somewhere far and exotic (ie very different than their usual environment), that's more than enough. ... and by providing kids too much you actually spoil them easily and make... worse people out of them? or more likely they don't reach their potential as human beings, at least not that easily. I mean, look around you, there are usually plenty of people who had it damn easy in life. this generates weakness. I am very happy I had to work my way up by myself, no cash cushion, no free apartment when turning 18 etc.it builds character to rely only on oneself, a priceless and one of most important lessons in life. I say give kids good sporting equipment, give them free quality education (tricky bit in some places, but more expensive isn't automatically better for them), love them, support them and give them freedom, and you are excellent parent. rest is up to them. it's as if could actually avoid going down that road, the fruit is too juicy... who can stop army from creating/amending super soldiers? military is well known for disregard on basic human rights in the name of greater good or whatever. same goes for private military contractors. boundaries are anyway extremely blurry, what I consider ridiculous and unethical would other couple consider as giving extra hand to their incoming baby in a very competitive world. one country bans it, but it doesn't prevent its neighbour to have more permissive laws for certain cases. just look at the private banking, or assisted suicide travelling. Gattaca showed this future rather nicely. the thing is, from perspective of the generation when change happens, things might look harsh & horrible in more than one instance. from perspective of augmented civilization looking back 500 years ago on the "age of big leap forward", we will look like a bunch of incompetent, useless and fragile primitives. not so sure what to think about that... for internet FUD, of course. for normal discussion... you guessed it :) interesting approach, but if you do a bit of fun travel into far off exotic places, hotel deposit box becomes a joke and putting a small heap of cash in it is a russian roulette with local personnel that they won't simply run away with it (since it can easily be their 10 year+ income). all the hassle simply because of a lack of a bit of discipline with spending... with lightroom, you'll get this by moving few sliders left or right in 10 seconds, given pic is coming from half-decent dslr, full frame ideally. all promotional photos anywhere are carefully photoshopped anyway. How much did you smoke when you decided to cut it? I find the extra creativity, and sometimes vastly different viewpoint on many matters in life (probably all of them) is invaluable. Another thing is (in some circumstances) almost constant stream of out-of-blue ideas, solutions to situations/problems etc coming from subconsciousness. In life as usual, these are much more scarce. Some of best ideas/decisions in my life came from those places, often Inception style (you get some basic idea, and explore more and more after it). This fades away significantly if I smoke often and comes back in full strength when having a week or two breaks in between. working out feels great, the harder the better (well till certain breaking point), but mentally those states are worlds apart, something around clarity vs expanded consiousness. If I could cut the smoking part (don't smoke cigarettes/tobacco since that's a net lose for consumer on many levels), and have something like eye drops that would be something. That might be partly explained by it, my gym sessions/interval runs don't last more than 30-35 minutes. But I also do plenty of stuff in mountains - hikes, alpinism, ski touring, climbing etc. These are 3-10 hours activities (apart from short&intense burst while climbing), similar to slow running (sometimes actually pretty intense). These could be classified as some sort of "high", but more in a sense of euphory, joy of being in nature, seeing some amazing places, random meetings with animals etc. But nothing comparable to other "high" states from drugs. Just 2 very different worlds, both amazing but for different reasons. IMHO - making a static full copy of my current personality is useless to me. there is no immortality of myself, just copy of mine, and we already have that in a bit different fashion - kids (I would say that's even better approach compared to 100% copy). facing my copy, there wouldn't be a reason to feel immortal - I would die anyway, and the other guy would continue to live. so immortality for me means preserving my own instance of me, anything else is just not there. it seems to me this would be much harder to implement compared to creating a copy, so this would be available much later, and who knows with what consequences. this is not possible in our timelines, and frankly, I don't mind. kids are good enough solution, and as previous generations made space for our, I will make some space for next ones, hoping they'll get a bit closer to stars than we did. once we settle through Milky way, our extinction on short or medium time scale should be less probable compared to single-planet situation. Until we can easily send billions (at least) to other worlds, be it in Solar system or further away, death is +- necessary, like it or not. This planet can feed many more people than it does now, without famines. But there is a limit, and looking how most people just don't care about these things as long as they get their paycheck and can watch their favorite TV show, let's be realistic. Honestly, I don't see what's all the fuss with death - I am atheist/agnostic, so no hope for some eternal afterlife (but happy to be proven wrong :)). But in no way I find it disturbing or worrying, just human business as usual (there have been roughly 120 billions of human deaths already, and I am not special anyhow). It's actually quite nice to be perfectly OK with death internally, it brings peace with oneself and the world on more than one level. or... you might become a realist, and maybe try to come up with solutions applicable in real world, on real people and real situations. I'm not claiming I know what the solutions are. But I am damn sure theoretical solutions for theoretical situations tend to fail spectacularly in reality, no matter what topic they are about. general principle was there before apple. but for sure they do cook a 'book' or two, as one of the most wealthy companies in the world, without any strong sense of morality (not saying lack of it, just usual corporation as many others). If you can invest for example 500 millions USD in bribes to gain 5 billions per year in not paying taxes, that's a damn easy decision for some CEO. And those fictional 500 millions will get you quite far in these times, where lobbyists in capital cities in both EU and US are not even illegal (in my opinion should be shot in sight), but just part of daily life. there is no enforceable way this would work. everybody would just pay some homeless/unemployed to buy him that expensive cool little thing, and give him 10 USD for the job. try to prevent that :) at the end, poor people would become less poor, but only by screwing with system, and only very few of them. you can put some limits on who can buy what, but this will inevitably create a massive bureaucratic overhead, meaning another set of useless government jobs that create no added value, but draw cash steadily from treasury. this is true in scenario where these massive corporations are just passive bystanders, obediently following all new tax laws that come up daily. the reality is, through networks of lobbyists, they put forth laws with loopholes that allow these practices. i am not accusing facebook specifically, any and all multinationals are guilty in a similar way, be it banks, procter&gamble or newest computer fad beyond-startup company. and of course there is the moral aspect - everybody can see from raw numbers how utterly immoral behavior this is. in a world where financial crisis didn't end as much as it became new norm. well they did, but you wouldn't want to live in most of them. what about ambulances? fireworkers? once your place is on fire, or your dad is having heart attack, you want help to arrive in eco-friendly manner half an hour too late? even places like Zermatt in Switzerland, which prides itself in banning all cars except electric has medical, technical and police guys routinely cruising the village in... you guessed it, normal cars. and that's a tiny holiday spot, not some vibrant metropolis. you want more bikes in your town? look at Denmark or Netherland how they achieved it. dedicated bike lanes over WHOLE city, not just here and there. Bikes have dedicated time and dedicated traffic lights. every major road has bike-only side road, no pedestrians allowed. story actually goes much deeper than these basic questions. nice to clearly see you went straight to comments without caring much about the article itself :) for me personally, IMDB works damn well for almost all movies (except family/sport stuff which ain't my cup of tea). probably the attitude "I am above all the stupid masses" tells a bit about you... hollywood "classics" that have rating around 6.2 are mostly piece of cr*p IMHO, unwatchable/boring these days except if you have some strong bias towards it due to special childhood memories or something. the true classics, be it from 40s, 50s or 60s (that are in top 250 for example) are damn fine movies that stood the test of time with flying flags. only last week I found my way& time to watch Citizen Kane. what a movie and performance! Too bad Wells didn't get well deserved regognition in US for his work, that's US public voting with their cash at their worst... before I bought my D750, I was shooting with my bridge cameras (panasonic fz series), purely JPG. for this kind of work, irfan view is LIGHTING fast, miles and miles and miles ahead of anything else I've encountered. Autopano giga for panoramas (again, faster than anything else I saw on the market, including photoshop, and tons of options). after this, started with RAWs, and I started using Lightroom. There are things I like a lot (quick interface for stuff intended, ie lens corrections, playing around with sliders). the thing is - I am not buying into Adobe's workflow totally. I don't want to load and edit all the files I take, meaning easily 100-300 from a weekend. First step is selecting interestin gones, maybe 20%. I select few interesting quickly (irfan is still MUCH faster than doing it through lightroom), separate panoramas (Lightroom/Photoshop has very primitive interface without much control, plus their alghoritms are archaic and don't work so well compared to what Autopano brings on), and then work in Lightroom on selected ones. I HATE the way Lightroom's process is done - no flexibility outside of a narrow path. You don't want to use Catalog and manage things on your own? Don't worry, we'll keep annoying you every single time you start it. You want to just export result into a normal format that doesn't lose so much quality (ie PNG)? well get an external plugin, because who supports exotic formats like PNG in 2015, right? Are you effin' kidding me? this is THE software to process photos, and I cannot export a photo into most of the formats? You actually want to join panorama, ie the most basic functionality expected from expensive software? well till now some versions just pointed you to expensive photoshop, if you had it. if not, bad luck, pay more! panorama joining feature is still pathetic in 2015, cropping out parts of photos without good reasons. Autopano just works, all the time. Picture management is a joke, rotation, crop etc don't feel like a primary tool. again, freeware tool brings much more productivity, not only because I am so used to it. It seems to me marketing guys were the ones designing this product. Did I find something better for processing RAWs photo by photo (or in batch?). Nope. But for many other steps necessary for the process of shooting -> final ordered set of photos from the event, there are better, faster tools out there. And yes, LR is SLOW, on fast i5, 16 gigs or RAm and fast SSD. Irfan is so much faster when working with RAWs, it's shameful. i've seen exactly 0 of this type of projects you describe in corporate multinational environemnt (or any other for that matter). in any non-agile corp i've been, projects are usually a mix, where analysis doesn't finish when dev starts, testing is ongoing with dev, just shifted a bit. and when these projects go fubar, it's usually caused my forces far away from delivery team. rarely, it's really fault of team not delivering, but agian, situation is so complex and uncontrollable, that putting everything and everybody (including all stakeholders) into agile wouldn't probably make a big difference in go/nogo call. agile approach brings quite a few aspects that developers like and they just feel right (or at least better), but frankly, it's overhyped. just another tool/approach to certain set of situations, in certain conditions neither BMW nor Mercs are in VW group (and god thanx for that!). Audi is, and generally, within those 3 brands, is considered as the cheapest, least luxurious, least fun alternative (R8 is an exception :)) This is actually ruining my day and night, idiotic move to impress... who actually? Soccer mums? Drivers need to focus on the road constantly, if i look away, there can be atomic blast right ahead of me and I will not notice it properly. Even a glance for 1-2s can have grave consequences in heavy traffic. Knobs are excellent thing. Touch screen is good only for passengers. In my knob-full car i can adjust most things without a glance away from road. Good luck hunting some effin' ipad screen You are comparing rational approach to biased enthusiasts/early adopters one. Tesla has little to no appeal for common consumers, it just doesn't deliver much for ridiculous price, with many shortcomings. But it's a new gadget, it shows where future is heading to. it's not there yet for most people. Once it will deliver something for masses (ie 3x reach, maybe half-2/3 the power, half the price, no constant baby technology issues), people will be all over it. But in those 10-15 years, other manufacturers will have similar offers. They are not standing idly - all have (coming) hybrid cars, many able to run for limited time in battery-only mode. Once market is big enough, they adapt their technologies to electric-only. to be honest, to most cultures out here/there general average American is by far the loudest person around, beyond any modesty. Usually not really appreciated, and the more traditional (ie didn't change that much in last 500 years) the culture is, the worse the effect. Personally I like it, a very different approach to self-presentation, that in some situations is more effective than usual shy polite careful... whatever,. But if you go backpacking in remote places somewhere in south asia for example, it can cause a bit of friction with locals sometimes. don't worry about PC itself, all offices around the world will make sure this won't die soon even if all gaming went bust. Heck, even myself at home, I haven't yet met a good enough replacement of my do-it-all-super-fast desktop back home. not sure if black pepper is that addictive or allows your to see the future It's considered OK by system in most, if not all european countries. Some rules apply, some places are more restrictive than others, but at the end, this is all legal and supported by law. So yes, there is legally nothing dodgy or wrong there. Quite large parts of populations are employed in this way. More work, more reward. Now why people need to resort to these practices to get more fair share of their brutto income is completely different topic, something around "voting with your taxes" about how public cash is spent (usually pretty badly). FYI, I don't do it anymore, got a perm job, but when I was doing consulting this way, I had all the possible support of my local tax office when something was unclear. just because you legally own something, doesn't mean you can do anything with it, especially immoral stuff, and super especially when it affects all of us. where is that downvote button when you really need it... anyway, it's pretty damn obvious you didn't grow up in one of those marvelous "socialist/communist" societies that look wonderfully on the paper, yet fail miserably and consistently in real life. I've been there, and still getting to position of understanding naivety of some otherwise clever people in this topic (popular in western europe among young who grew up in a different systems, not sure about rest of the world). All these regimes do is bring out the worst in people in it, get into very ineffective modes of rule and centralized management, gradual (or sudden) loss of various freedoms, etc. Hard work, innovation should be rewarded, not corrupt allegiance to current ruling elite. This mode brings the best out of people in matter of contribution to mankind. What we can improve is the ruleset/boundaries in law, punishing usage of loopholes, off shore taxation and similar. But people on that list didn't get there by avoiding taxes. it would be nice if some Star Trek utopia would work, but we as humans and mankind are just not there yet, for various reasons. Maybe you are, but according to what you wrote, in contrary. Now go throw a rock on some McDonald franchise, that will surely make you feel like contributing to well-being of all of us a bit. or even better - move to Russia, it's a fine example of a country sliding back to where it came from, or even better, true communist paradise - North Korea (let me guess, you don't have something important for that, do you) why the need to narrow complex set of factors affecting each other into a single bullet point? it doesn't work, not only in this scenario. General Russian mentality is a prime example of one f *ed up beyond repair, for quite a few generations to come unless some miracle happens (and Putin is making sure it won't happen during his reign). my dear, you really have no clue about this world and its history, do you :) go throw some rock on McDonald, that will save us all Good example of how price of commodity (gas) drives the market. US has (had?) half the price of gas compared to our overtaxed europe, so for US consumer consumption is/was not that high priority. When I was for a couple of months in US in 2004, there was no advertisement on cars that showed consumption in brief specs that should catch your eye. Not a signle one, neither in newspapers, billboards, etc. US cars were dirt cheap too, comapred to similarly-shaped european counterpart (well here it depends on which brand to compare). US cars are generally percieved, even nowadays, as cheaper alternatives to some european equivalents. Sure, power is there at low price point, but not used very efficiently. Driving experience/handling is a bit worse (before stoning me, yes there are of course exceptions, but no there is no mass-produced equivalent BMW experience, nor porsche/italians). Heard new Corvette is actually a big step up, but never had the chance to try, it's a rare beast here over the pond. And consumption is defined mostly by engine (+ weight savings), and same as stated above could be said about engines. Since my experience is outdated, please let me know if things had moved, ie due to crysis/some manufacturers going almost bankrupt. My far biggest experience with physical pain was getting big tattoo on the back, 4x4 hour sessions. (got some bones broken, but that's not the same level of pain, and body releases some calming stuff to bloodstream, so really not comparable). Every of those 4 hours, the experience of lying on my stomach, and having a pizza-cutter running through my back here & there. The most sensitive parts are around the spine (understandable) and on the sides of back (not really sure why). The goal is not to twitch or move much, so some sort of mental self-control is necessary. First +-2 hours were cca OK, but after that, even lower amount of pain, presented with high spikes and almost constantly ate away my willpower. After each session, I felt like a small baby, able to navigate back home and perform simple mental tasks, but severely worn off, and mentally weak. I understand this is just a glimpse from a distance to real torture, uncontrolled, when you know you can die from it, or end up disabled in most horrible weays for human being. But it works, to some degree, on some levels. If you want to break somebody, it is one of the ways. The question is, how usable will the individual be after breaking, and your goal (get info, instill fear, or just destroy human being). you are probably in unique position to at least try to educate your father that just because there is keyword "free" in name of the server, it's nothing more than usual pro-russian propaganda. Not an easy task, depends on your father's mentality (if he was happy during russian occupation of czechoslovakia and after revolution all went south for him, that would be a hard nut to crack). I have generally only few rules for news from east - 1) never trust russians in politics, they have crude ways, and their goal is ultimately good old soviet days when their voice mattered more, with little care of anybody non-russian. 2) never trust russians in politics... Nope. Look at europe, walk through any major city, be it London, Geneva, Paris, Stockholm etc. You will see huge amounts of immigrants, some naturalized already, some not there yet but trying. You'll find only few places so open to migrants in this world, we are doing our part of sharing, continuously. But this is not the way world can be fixed in long term. What is of of main issues now (at least to me & people around me) is (potential) pace of immigration and its potential to grow exponentially - we don't have endless space to absorb as many economical migrants as there are/might be. Our economies are not in super good shape, unemployment is bad in many places (or outright horriblein southern parts, 50% unemployment of youth has/will have devastating effect on future shape of these economies). If they could financially and there would be +- guarantee of success, half of Africa (say 300 million) and massive amounts of Asia would stand up and try to come here, leaving their dysfunctional home countries. And we all know that there are some really bad places to be born to. For example, many many young people from North Africa, ie Morocco are trying this either via boats or turkey/greece border for many years already. If somebody takes few 1000s kms journey through 10 different sovereign, stable and peaceful states and decides to end up in say Germany, he is not refugee fleeing for his life - that status ends after he willingly leaves first safe country. I don't blame them, I would do the same if I had the option, but let's call things with proper names. And there are some limits for economical migrants of how much our societies can/are willing to absorb. Another topic is a major failure of immigrants to integrate in the past and accept european values (there is plenty of exceptions, but they are what they are, exceptions). But that's a topic on its own, and highly controversial one. I am for example economical migrant myself, albeit only within europe (Slovakia -> Switzerland). First thing I did is to accept all the rules of my new country, don't expect that world will bend for my needs and expectations, and just be part of society, learn the language, etc. I am still amazed how Swiss are tolerant when their tiny country is overrun by foreigners. > China was the only nation that welcomed refugees fleeing from pogroms in one era and fleeing concentration camps in another era, when nations like the U.S. would not let those ships dock. Sources please, otherwise this sounds like an usual BS propaganda. One real example to contradict - in WWII, Switzerland was accepting (not only jewish) refugees when completely surrounded by Nazis/their allies. We are talking about tiny landlocked country just to be clear. When it would became clear that country can no longer feed its citizens and more incoming refugees, they decided to close the borders("das boot ist voll"), and still one canton - Geneva - said f k you, and keep them coming. Even when it was clear its not sustainable. yeah, but France is a broken country when it comes to bureaucracy. Some aspects, like education seem to be in very good shape, but the system overall is repulsive. One example out of blue - when you have a property (probably not your primary residence) and somebody breaks in and starts squatting in it, you cannot just drive them out without providing another accommodation for them. You go to courts, fight for months, and then maybe you're lucky and get your property back. It's a system that looks social & fair from outside, but as everywhere else, rich gets richer, poor stay poor and are just thrown some bread crumbs to not complain too much. I am not american nor a gun owner but man, this is a very... unclever approach. I could put here quotes about people who give up a bit of freedom for a bit more security deserve neither, but I presume that's old school talk for you too. Except it isn't. Guns don't kill people, people kill people. We are not yet in the age of some automated gun turrets. If you want to blame guns, then blame all knives, baseball bats, axes and whatnot. All shall be banned, no? I say yes, I see no difference between being shot and stabbed to death, for both you need a clear intent, but accedents can (and do) happen. Seriously, how hard is to understand that weapons are not bought only for attack, but also for self-defense, ALSO for sport/fun, as collectibles etc. In fact, it takes a extremely dull character who needs to commit a crime with a weapon and goes to store to get registered for one. I mean, seriously, this is what you are saying? Because this isn't ahppening. Ban guns, and you'll severely restrict common citizen's access to them, but not so much criminal's one. In fact, i would expect illegal arms trafficking to skyrocket. War on drugs all over again. There should be a check (of rules/laws knowledge, mental capability, clean criminal record etc.) before selling a gun. Guns for civilians shouldn't be full automatic either. But that's it. Rest is about living in freedom, or in a system that doesn't trust its own citizens and needs to control them. Just look at any news how power-greedy politicians are. Who are you to tell other people they should abandon their hobbies ie of practise shooting, just because you feel that their real power to overthrow their government is "small"? You would be surprised how untrue this really is if whole nation would stood up to its government. But without guns, of course they wouldn't stand a chance Anybody has a clue what for the synthetic spider material would be used? I presume on the outer surface because of its durability, but you still need membrane ala Goretex below it to maintain waterproof & relatively breathable qualities, if its for outdoor activities and not just walking around the town. Haven't seen any details in articles, and can't play video at work :( well, you could just release the game say 6 months after PS/XBOX launch, so it wouldn't eat their sales at all. and, you could spend that time to make the game actually better, ie higher-res textures, and the most important - horrible console controls. it seems this is what is done usually, but the result often feels like 1 developer was dedicated to this effort, for 50% allocation. Ah, for down application of course, didn't catch that part. There you want just as windproof/everything resistant as possible, and when it's too hot, you open/put it down. Would be interesting to see comparison of actual benefits compared to current high tech fabrics used, all high-fill lightweight down stuff has some nanotech fabric to keep it light & durable. considering how polluted urban areas are, and how good are apples in retaining pollution in them (no sources at hand now, sorry), I would not touch those unless situation got serious. well, US didn't win anything (= lost it all to CCCP) in "space race", apart from sending manned mission to moon, in which it was alone in the "race" :) (to be fair, that was much harder than just shooting 1 guy to orbit few hundred kms above). but try to sell that loss to general US public desperate to feel superior and "winning" in sixties, hence the current "opinion", aka self-lie regardless of facts. if running away from this country, why not to say Netherland, Malta, Monaco, Suisse etc. where taxes are not so ridiculous? Is there some bilat agreement for choosing Sweden, already ridiculous place tax-wise? Interesting to read another YC article from top page - http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/nov/12/beattyville-k... Some opinions there describe welfare as evil thing, removing any motivation for people to even try to get a better life. maybe not applicable for Finland, but interesting nevertheless as coming for 1st-world country (although they describe themselves as 3rd-world one). Let's not forget that for every hard-working individual there is X slackers looking how to get as much out of system with as little effort as possible, by any means necessary. I fail to see how BI would motivate those people to get better, and contribute to our society. Hopefully in this case, road to hell isn't paved with good intentions as usually... I find it very difficult to describe that as an "excellent" system... A GOOD system is the one which helps hard workers to lift themselves from being poor in any meaningful way (less bureaucracy, more help with kids, less taxes, more subsidies etc.) rather than one that prevents an easy improvement. What OP described ain't that good, unless your primary goal is to have nice low stats for unemployment. Agreed, look at it this way - most people don't earn minimum, but more. They will still work to keep their standards (paying rents, mortgages, cars, kids, lifestyle they are used to etc.). Employers are not dumb, they will reflect this immediately. A healthy society should always motivate people to WORK and produce products/services, that's what keeps society running. If main goal of BI is to remove that motivation, I fail to see it as a step in right direction. you fail to cover more than 90% of the jobs that just need to be done, and require 0 or less creativity. as an example - what I do to earn money, while enjoying it mildly as abstractly creative process (software development) is vastly different from what I do in my free time (mountaineering, travelling, general wilderness adventures). You cannot buy my vote on this with some basic 1000 USD income, if you tax high earners like hell on the other side. One thing I saw consistently all around the globe - people need motivation to give their best and try hard, only few deliver without it for sheer pleasure. It doesn't have to be monetary one, but this one is universal and quite well oiled principle. BI doesn't offer me anything - I want to work, I don't have an issue finding next job, and if there is anything between, we have working social system that helps me. What does BI offer to somebody like me? Not sure about Finnish example, but where I am right now (Switzerland), social security does exactly that, without major costly experiments with god know what results. In fact, system is so effective that if you end up unemployed, for one year you'll be given 80% of your former salary (capped, but to 120,000 CHF!) so you are not burdened with looking for cheaper accommodation etc which is very hard here. If you cannot find anything in 1 year, then other services kick in, of course with much lower cash flow. It works remarkably well. not entirely, market will find its way around in long run, ie immigration (legal or illegal), illegal employment etc. all net loss for state. people want to pay as little as possible to get as much as possible, that's natural to all of us. most people around me work exactly for money. even when they like their job (ie I do), there are roughly 1 gazillion other activities that are just better, and life is too short. also, if you have children, you want to spend as much time with them as possible, there is no upper limit on that. careful, there are some hard facts (or more like hard-to-argue financial projections unless never-before-seen miracle happens), but they tend to go against common socialist sense here on HN. I mean, I think I understand them. They are very clever, see what is wrong with this world (and there is plenty), and aim for biggest obvious culprit (be it 1% topic, evil corporations etc.) and say "if we fixed this, all will be good from now on". Well, life, economies or markets don't behave like that. People are a holes, lazy, selfish, greedy, messed up, not caring about anything but themselves. I like solutions to problems just like the next guy, but only those who factor these basic built-in human flaws, so they can work long-term outside the paper they are written on. All other are just a hidden additional financial (and other) cost to all of us. no it isn't, and where it is just causes havoc, ie you cannot beat market forces of many well-earning people wanting to live close to work with some law there is nothing outstanding about safety in Vietnam, most of south east asia can be packed in the same bucket, with +- same safety, and just different flavors of exotics is this the same stuff Top Gear did couple of years ago as one of their special? that was an inspirational episode indeed It works very well on me. Since I have rarely headaches, and if yes, there is always a good reason for them. Usually either big hangover, or exhaustion from long and intense effort in mountains, ie climbing Matterhorn 6 hours straight no stops, or similar effort on Mont Blanc that took 11 hours, both coupled with drinking too little/sweating too much -> dehydratation. Just drinking plenty afterwards doesn't remove headache, just makes it a bit less intense. I pop the pill, and in 20 mins it's over. Maybe if causes for your headache are different, the effect might not be so quick & effective. "some" amount is a severe understatement in this case Same logic could be applied to some 3000 persons that died on 9/11, reaction to it considering relatively small amount of people was/is extremely disproportionate. People are dying daily in more or less horrible way, left and right, and general population is caring less and less. But we humans are emotional and irrational all the time, and harm to somebody in any way "closer" to us is felt much stronger compared to unnamed faceless victims just somewhere out there. So all is usual, as per our human standards... Bush jr (may he burn in hell eternally for all the fallback of his reign) being super eager to find any excuse to attack Iraq was super-obvious to anybody outside US during those times. That's why France & Germany didn't join Iraq effort, it was just too ridiculous without any good reason, when another dictatorship just across the border was more than OK (saudis), and let's not forget most attackers including Osama were from there. UK joining them no matter what on the other hand showed how morally low the politicians at that time were (Blair if I recall correctly). About that time, US on international scale went from "good guys" to... well nothing that could be written here, let's say "necessary evil". It's still there and will remain for quite some time. I wonder, if all direct and indirect deaths and misery caused by US politics from 50s would be accounted, if Hitler & Stalin regimes would still be such badasses. But real numbers are probably unreachable. (uncomparable datasets, i know, just out of curiosity... deaths in millions become statistics as we know). but... don't you see this is exactly what they are striving for? you don't blow up yourself on stadium or in cafe to defeat a country, and not to conquer it in any way. no sane jihadist (and high ranks are probably pretty clever folks) would expect that. the goal is simple - create chaos, increase tension between europeans and immigrants, create a spirale of violence producing more violence, till every side has good reasons to not step back. this is goal of jihad in europe, footsoldiers will be people already living here, that initially were living peaceful life, but eventually some violence will drag them in. at the end, civil war. France for example could actually avoid that, if it retreated from all its military interventions, but that's not going to happen, and again, jihadists realize that too. I must agree with parent poster, nice approach ain't going to solve this, and victor at the end will be probably the more ruthless one. But fear not, as they say we're 7 days to the wolves, and we europeans can still kick a butt or two if pressed hard. I hope I am wrong, that's for sure :) as for standards of living, what about Switzerland, Lichtenstein, Monaco, Luxembourg, quite a few Caribbean islands etc? Just curious about such bold statements, Japan is not the type of country I would like to live in, for quite a few reasons not true, you over-romanticize your view on that country well, they tend to be a bit racist, xenophobic (just ask koreans how they are treated) and super-closed to foreigners one example out of many - services of arms smuggling make one quite rich if surviving long enough, not sure about doing good though there are whole businesses based on human irrationality/outright stupidity (just few random examples - short term loans, gambling, smoking tobacco). We tend to think we are better than in reality, and tend to sidetrack evidence of contrary (maybe to be more happy with ourselves, who knows) still waiting for that scientific backing, I don't see any outright proven threat. on the other hand, if this extra "power" allows us to create plants to feed hungry ie in Africa where usual crops wouldn't survive, that sounds like a real added value. or you want to explain a starving child that it should rather die because you don't like how the results are obtained? eclipse doesn't suit your needs? guys, are you aware there are 2 types of diabetes, to simplify it one is genetic and you can get it even if you are doing marathons regularly and have a healthy life, and the other is self-caused by bad eating/lifestyle habits? With first you are screwed, with second you can get out of it if you go into very strict diet, probably for rest of your life. if I understood correctly it works with surface light reflection near IR spectrum, which is fine for certain set of food, and useless for many others. Anything that has different structure inside compared to surface will give only partial results (from apples to chocolate coating to ... well you get the point). It is for sure one way, but you have no idea how long it will take till somebody "picks you up". It might take few months or 5 years (or more), draining you of a lot of energy and time that you could spent actually having a life. Plus some people see good performers around as competition, depends how company is structured (ie if your manager is on same position/level you will be once promoted). My example - I have colleague like that didn't do proper research before interview and agreed on ridiculously low salary for job&area. I started 1 year after him, negotiated properly (when you don't care that much if you get it or not, it's amazing position for negotiation). He works hard and is clever, right now he is my line manager and guess what - gradually he reached same salary as me. Since nowadays any of us could be fired anytime (or not, big multinational corp, you never know, people are fired frequently). So result - he puts 50% more effort, does endless meetings/documents and presentations that nobody enjoys doing, looks completely drained from energy. I do the same +-fun dev work that I enjoy with gradually more responsibilities, and am earning the same. this all depends a lot on specific company, hierarchy, promotion processes, your specific boss etc. in good company for example, you discuss with your manager your desire for promotion, set objectives/expectations you should fulfill in incoming months, and unless there is promotional freeze (or you screw up), you'll get there. > Teaching imperial units to kids, though, should be considered a crime. THIS. as for curiosity, why not, but we can say something similar about nordic runes or egyptian writings. But this is more of an ego challenge, when one should accept that what they grown up with is inferior (sorry to our english-native friends, but imperial system is really, really archaic & inferior). And yes, we in europe regularly measure in metres+centimetres, we use decimetres quite regularly, and it feels natural having bigger part divided into 10 or 100, or 1000 subparts. On the other hand, feets are nightmare (30,5cm), and 6"2 - what the heck is that 2? is it 2/10 of the foot? or 2 inches which are TOTALLY different measure compared to feet without any easy translation? mess... back in 2008 when I visited Chitwan national park in Nepal, we were shown what locals claimed white rhinos (mother and calf). riding on the back of elephant, rhinos were calm and didn't notice us. either things went much worse, or those were not white ones. anyway, 3 rhinos left means species is extinct, unless mighty genetics step in in near future. yeah, the wonderful effects of real-life socialism & communism. same experience here, luckily I am young enough to only see and hear about it, not experience it (on) myself. luckily i moved away, since this mentality ain't gone completely yet. every time I hear people b ching about capitalism and glorifying some nice-on-the-paper utopias, where all will be happy and working for greater good of mankind (ie not entirely but in same ballpark - basic income), I just recall good old memories of this. haven't yet heard a theory that is "this"-proof, but boy I sure would like to... or do a course for captains I don't think you guys can seriously compete with countries like Russia, India etc. where apart from all you mention there is financial side too (for many at least). But I wholly agree that unless pirating will make things HARDER/content less appealing, it will be ripe. Currently it's the opposite, and I see no good reason to not just get a 1080p yify torrent with proper subtitles from scene 1-2 days after bluray release (sometimes even before). There is something about having my few TB external HDD full of my personal collection of movies and documents... it's already a worse experience (noisy, annoying kids, ringing cell phones, too loud for some, not ideal placement of most seats etc.), but it's a social experience. 3D might be an exception, for now, and it's still a rather niche market. same as people buying shots at bars vs drinking same alcohol at home for 20% of the price. the last bit ain't true - from my experience last month. had a off-gaming period for last 5 years and didn't play Skyrim when it was launched. sat to it 2 months ago, with all datadiscs, patches, put all interesting (not only) graphic mods, which had years to gain maturity and compatibility. So I thought I will have the best possible version of the game, better than creators ever aimed for. The game looked meh on all maxed, but that isn't a dealbreaker for me (after all, I still sometimes run old Deux Ex 1, probably the best game ever in its genre). it was boring like hell, and the whole game screamed quantity-over quality. FYI - I played all previous TES games vigorously, starting properly with Daggerfall (didn't have good enough rig for Arena back in those days, but I played it too a bit). This was just nothing-special experience, and I uninstalled it after few hours of gaming. 2 weeks ago installed Witcher 3, and those games are uncomparable. 21st century meets 80's arcade gaming (heck, not even). Visual side is one aspect, but this game is simply better in every possible way. dude, I lived in that society, seen how my parents, both university educated were punished, because they didn't belong to communist party and high education was something undesirable (like in all similar oppressive regimes). my luck was I was young enough to see things as they were (lack of freedom of speech, movement and all else), but I wasn't grown up yet to be a cog in the wheel, with very strict boundaries of what is allowed and what not. now, what's your experience? (next time, read properly before you subtly attack, HN has higher standards than this) I presume more complex experiments on site, that take time and gave a lot of steps and decisions to be taken. of course this also can be automated, and probably at lower cost overall minus potential casualties, but then there is irrational/emotional aspect to getting to a different planet, which is perceived as major milestone in mankind's aspirations. mountaineers also go to potentially deadly situations voluntarily, just because the those peaks "are there". nobody gets satisfied enough from someone's else photos and says "nah, that's enough of an experience for me", albeit view doesn't offer much more. Neither they do send drones up there instead of them :) (btw that would be a nice use case for some remote high-adrenaline-vr gaming with androids!) ... and they did it in a very stupid way. I am damn sure that during 10 years of occupation of Iraq, US air force came numerous times within 15km distance from Iranian border, yet they didn't attack a single time. 1) turkey hates kurds, meaning strong motivation to silently support enemy of them (not calling them outright allies). let them bleed so they are weak and don't dream about kurdistan covering turkish soil. 2) US-led precision strikes achieved next to nothing, ISIL was strong as before. At one point US boasted that they spend 9 millions of USD daily for these strikes. That means an attempt to bring down organization of a size of state with few plane flights a day and couple of bombs? Not working. Of course I am not a fan of cluster bombing vietnam-style either. 3) it seems to me, and in this I might be wrong that US has higher priority in bringing down Asad rather than ISIL. So similar approach as 1) 4) the simple fact that ISIL is daily trading oil using big oil convoys means either US is completely incompetent to see this & take action (not believing for a second, ac-130/a-10 would squash them in no time), or that russians are much much better than US at surveillance from above (not a chance) and one could go on and on... for tailgaters I have a quick solution - hit the brakes gently. not to slow down enough to cause any incident, just to scare the idiot behind me that their precious little car will get smashed because of their stupidity. if enough people did this, I believe most would stop this d*ck-measurement activities, at least on the roads. quoting your own link: ... However, Max von Laue quickly rebutted those claims by saying that the inertia of electromagnetic energy was long known before Hasenöhrl, especially by the works of Henri Poincaré (1900) and Max Abraham (1902), while Hasenöhrl only used their results for his calculation on cavity radiation. Laue continued by saying that credit for establishing the inertia of all forms of energy (the real mass-energy equivalence) goes to Einstein, who was also the first to understand the deep implications of that equivalence in relation to relativity. that multiple return values got me interested. I can see this exploding complexity/unreadability of the code at first glance. honest question - what would be real added value compared to dedicated wrapper type holding all you need for return? the last part about justice system is not entirely correct - private prisons are a lucrative business in US, and owners/shareholders have very good reasons to keep as many people jailed for as long as possible. Hence the stats of US leading stats globally. politically it's much safer to promote harsh sentencing rather than opposite, plus no Amnesty international is going to bribe (to call it correctly - hire lobbyists) US politics into shorter sentencing. in fact, for US, this might help with obesity epidemics, since IIRC cellulose is that mighty "fiber" that is so good for our digestion, slow release of sugars from food etc. as others write, US, especially its poor, have exactly opposite problem as you describe you're idolizing new rich a bit too much. yes there are people like you describe, but that's nothing new with this generation. then there is remaining majority, which is a mix of it all, including the worst "offenders". just because via social media you see more of the "new rich", which have desire to make public statements and be as visible as possible, doesn't mean that's all there is. honest question - how did that went? I mean donation & public foundation part well, I don't think there are many FB users who would like that to be done to them either, I know I am not. FB might not be some evil company, but they are definitely not nice guys. very narrow-minded suggestions, some outright illegal. if "non-significant" part of police force is actually gone "rogue", it means rest is +- still OK normal human beings. These actions will alienate also these, fostering "us vs them" mentality. Good job, you just proposed how to make things even worse. actually, what stroke me hard when I went from Europe to US in 2003 for summer student work was how much more repressive the whole system felt. For example coworkers (in central Hollywood) openly afraid of cop cars going in opposite direction, because they had forgotten an unscrewed bottle of alcohol which was not in the trunk. It might very well be we'll be in similar place in 10 years here, but it was quite a shock to experience back then. so are 90% of other high-tech skilled jobs i might be a very odd ball, but i find it strange that in 21st century, people in the west pay relatively huge amounts for passively watching sports while sitting on the couch (to make picture complete, imagine some junk food lying just in front of them). popular sports became filthy moral dump where elite tries to outsmart doctors in doping tests, cares primarily about PR and chasing sponsors, and the sport itself sits somewhere out there, like a necessary, but not that important part if it all. honest, pure sportsman doesn't stand a chance in such a crowd. I choose not to support these "sports" anyway, ignore them and couldn't be happier. I focus on activities where athletes are doing it without massive cash incentives, because they love it. And since my sports include climbing, alpinism, ski touring etc. which at any point hold small risk of major injury or death, fear is semi-constant part of whole experience and overcoming your fear is necessary for any success at all... these sports discussed look very "meh" compared to it. Some real-people example - this Lebron James guy mentioned here today vs say Ueli Steck, or Alex Honnold. wait, anybody actually things about any US big media (cnbc, cnn, fox and whatnot) to be NOT biased and quite heavily? they are all under murdoch empire, no? generally, within boundaries of popular news sources, one should use a foreign source to get information for a given country. now finding which one is +-balanced for given country is a tricky thing, and probably not constant as time goes by you don't know much about outdoors, do you... that doesn't make it any more moral. just because others are already doing it, is it automatically OK? now don't make people people completely stupid just because they don't have an university degree (or read HN). the fertility/ptence issues are not that famililar (and definitely should be spoken about more loudly, this would have bigger impact than photos of cancerous lungs), but even in very remote and undeveloped places, all know that smoking = potential lung cancer, and that's a very miserable way to die. but guess what - all sorts of biases step in, we like to lie to ourselves, nicotine addiction isn't neglible either. in 2015, this information is world-widely known for years and years (apart from north korea, maybe), but people like to ignore it. somebody gets cancer from smoking? well man up and blame his own stupidity/weakness. a rather selfish approach to keep things polite. - you want us to be more xenophobic, but in the same time steal local jobs for yourself, with our pay, but your local expenses. just WOW - there are specific laws to prevent what you want to do, at least in some cases. it's called protection of local market, and a very good think to do, helps economy long term. - again, xenophobic WHAT? I sit in 1 row here with Swiss, British (err... Scotch), Belgian, Kiwi, Chinese, French, Dutch, Ukrainian, Indian, Philippino etc. No issues whatsoever. - you have a naive view of how good remote Indian resources are. technical skills happen to be OK in many cases, but all remaining, and at least EQUALLY necessary are not. 0 initiative, 0 willingness to take any risk/personal responsibility for decisions. "please hand me over perfect spec and I'll get it done" is nice, but doesn't work in world without perfect spec, or any spec at all. Plus Bangalore is not cheap anymore, Pune is so-so. Eastern Europe wins so far in price/value ratio. and I could go on and on... one strongly suspect troll there :) correct me if I am wrong, but if I understood correctly: - your parents are non-swiss and non-european, but came here, got you citizenship and adter growing up here you moved to US for university and stayed away - is that right? You shouldn't be surprised what they asked from you - relocation. There are specific laws who companies can employ here, and noone is going to break the law just because you would like to set things up your way. If they allowed that, in couple of years Suisse in many ways would be gone as we know it. As you well know, it's a tiny job market with high salaries. they need to keep people spending their earned cash here. Your citizenship doesn't make any difference, it's not xenophobia or anything, just simple laws that people and companies here follow. - taxes you mention are possible here too, it's super safe here even compared to rest of Europe (US is simply uncomparable) etc. If you are happy where you are, great for you! All you describe is from my view valid about Switzerland too. my bad (and your mistake for making such a damn good drink :)) working in private banking, can confirm this is very true. regulators(=government) can shut you down in a minute, for a single action taken by a single employee, who somehow manages to break all possible rules in the company. the environment changed drastically in last 8 years (in many ways in good direction for customers, but it certainly raised costs massively, and guess who pays these costs) I think he meant a single person working remotely from home, for which, like it or not, a true 10 MBit/s connection is more than needed. Yes, 3.5 GB file download will take 1 hour, but I haven't met a single dev in past 11 years in +- 7 companies that would claim it prevents them from doing their work. Now if your work is rather unusual, OR you have to upload lots of stuff and that goes 100 KB/s max, that's another topic. This is not typical for most devs. Teleconferencing - for most devs, what is the above value over classic conf call (an honest question)? I see little, it's still far from having people sitting behind same desk and brainstorming. I guess everybody can find such examples in their lives, usually when looking back hard enough. My example, out of few - breaking up with my longterm girlfriend (5 years, 6 months spent backpacking together in himalaya) seemed like a proper disaster. Few years rewind - I have the most amazing person imaginable beside me, to which I proposed (and she said yes) on top of Mont Blanc this May, after hard ski tour. Without prior hard breakup, and messing around a bit, I wouldn't be able to appreciate current one so much (or another summary - looks is by far not enough for happy long term relationship, compatibility on many levels is necessary. but until you meet somebody with whom you "click" on almost all imaginable aspects, you don't even know how good such a state is, and how much peace it can bring to life) similar story of "greatest filter in whole CS 5 year path quietly removed" here, albeit ours was actually non-programming related. It was theoretical electronics, don't ask me why we had to go through that guy - actually other students, focused on electronics had much nicer guys. the guy was firing people out of school with passion (literally for a single dot missing in Fourier equations at one place, often with deep personal insults, nobody liked him, not even from professors. yeah, my uni was pretty bad, all the useful stuff I learned and use daily came from my own learning, none from university. campus was a fun place and great experience though :) yeah, 60 hour weeks that are rule rather than a true exception mean that you have no/very little actual life. Yes, it helps in professional career, and for some this is their goal in life, but for most of us, we work to live. what working for somebody else means is (among others) peace of mind - I do my hours, extra effort if necessary, but that's it. the moment i leave office, I can go climbing with my fiancee, take care of kids (not there yet), and generally do stuff I wil have fond memories of, rather than chasing gazillionth thing just to keep things running. very nicely written, thank you for that. I tend to agree that insane drive to accumulate wealth just-to-be-covered ain't the most healthy drive for stable, equal society. It has positive effect of people trying really hard to succeed, giving their best, just to get a juicy slice of wealth, for whatever reasons. It has all kinds of negative effects too, which seem to accumulate as we see these days. which is more beneficial for mankind in long term I have no clue - stable steady but probably slower development of mankind vs push for wealth which brings many innovations to society, with great inequalities arising (leading maybe to new cast system, which is a truly horrible thing) wait, random example for CYBERHAWK - "Takes 4-10 mins for download; Saved and dialed numbers, missed calls, SMS data, pictures, calendar, sound files all consolidated into one report" - how is it possible? 1) government encourages by all means available to them (=plenty) cheap, affordable loans to everybody, reasonable or not. 2) banks jump on the wagon, just as any other business would do having similar chance in their field 3) plenty of folks are plain math-stupid, lending as much as they can and trying even more for outright stupid reasons (ie TV, cars etc.) on top of other loans they already have, usually for housing 4) SHTF, since economy is never stable and we have cycles and whatnot 5) blame the banks, who cares about Clinton's administration allowing and pushing for this in first place. easy part. the topic is of course more complex, ie derivative trading is/was in some cases pure evil, but that's another topic. Btw, correct me if I am wrong, but wasn't the money just lended and now it's (being) paid back, maybe even with interest? I'll try to cover both of your posts - government stimulates lending by lowering interest rates for example. This was caused by general initiative of that government to get cheap loans to people, and it was effective. I am not aware of any more direct pressure to the lenders, which doesn't mean there wasn't some. Derivates being another topic - just to topic of people getting loans beyond their means, overall it's the same crysis topic, and I think we agree that there is no good justification from banks for this part. Why banks were saved - apart from dirty business of bribery and lobbying which is sad daily part of political existence, there is part about something along: john doe has some money in the bank, this bank goes bust, and he loses it all. There is a chance of getting some % of it in future in settlements, but nothing guaranteed. In that situation, no politician would willingly go there if they can avoid it. It's too easy to start pointing on them, and everybody takes it badly if they lose money because of somebody else's mistake. What happened in the banks - bonuses, based only on last year's performance. Source of a good deal of evil roaming banking (and trading too). It means many pushing for short-term gains, not caring about broader or longer effects. People are clever, they want to maximize their own gain within boundaries set, and these things are set like this. Nobody works in banking for the passion for the job, everybody is in for the money involved, and an occasional feel of some power/influence (however pathetic this is, some people are wired like that). you can say this about any single aspect of existence. more expensive food is generally healthier (BIO, non-GMO, free-run chickens, wild salmon etc.), driving more expensive cars tends to transform driving experience from necessary-evil -> OMG-so-awesome-joyful-beautiful-thing-I-want-to-do-for-rest-of-my-life. And so on. It's all about priorities. Some people, for whatever reason, need to impress others by all costs, appearance including. Hence they dress as they dress. Some consider quality of personality much more important, if appearance is not outright disgusting. Some look at cars in similar way. and so on.. yeah, he really cut his own branch very efficiently... we had central planning (with heavy guidance from those f ckers from Moscow that invaded us in '68) that just didn't work in long term. People were considering bananas and oranges exotic hard-to-get stock in shops with empty shelves. I recall my parents standing 2 hour queues in crazy weekend hours in -15 Celsius just to get their son some fruit with vitamin C (or fresh bread). Capitalism ain't perfect, far from it, but what we had here was a major clusterf ck, no thank you. And what changed is move to open economy, call it capitalism if you want. With its own warts and issues, but much better overall. Previous regime got the worst out of people, this at least tries to do the opposite. carefully chosen wardrobe tells you only that given person cares a lot about the impression he/she is trying to make on others. like with makeup it isn't hard to "fake" the impression in any direction you want, although the underlying person is still the same person. personally I like to know people as they are, not the masks they put on. sometimes much less nice, but closer to true themselves envy of Europe? hat's a bit far-fetched, care to give more details? if you mean by any chance super long trains spanning over kilometer, we have those too just one example out of many - F22/F35 program costs (is it still 1.5 trillion USD?), which cover just one tiny (albeit important) piece of US military offensive power (calling it defense is just a bad joke). plenty of nasty diseases could be put out of existence with just a fraction of that, for example Health insurance in Suisse, based on permanent employment: employer is obliged to pay you accident insurance, which covers... accidents, full time. Employee is obliged to find health insurance (basically you get ill), otherwise state will find you one randomly. this is paid by employee from net income. There are various models (GP, doctor on call, semi-private, private etc.), with different franchise, effectively you pay somewhere between 250-500 CHF monthly. Franchise is amount 300-2500 CHF per year that you still pay from your pocket for treatment of illnesses, then insurance kicks in with 100% coverage. Of course the lower the threshold (ie 300), the more you pay per month. Dentists and eye care are almost never covered, only with most expensive ones. FYI CHF=~ USD. Apart from that dental and eye care, probably the best model I've ever seen. Medical care is top notch, hospitals definitely don't lack proper (often expensive) equipment, rather the issue is there is not enough doctors/nurses. this is natural in a country where overall salaries are higher (somehow cashiers in stores also have higher salaries, rent is higher etc.). dining out is especially expensive, but as with all, we can choose how to spend our paychecks other visitors consider your hateful, ignorant and uninformed post not worthy a comment, but I'll bite - you are wrong, sir, and probably know it. Plus that funky part about generous US - the world these days would be a much better place if US would just mind their matters for a while. Switzerland couldn't care less about US either, americans are not preferred expats here now (good luck opening a bank account here due to US government foreign policies for expats). As for tolerance, Switzerland has by far the highest amount of foreigners from whole Europe, and yet it's much safer than any other european country, all religions mixed (ie very strong buddhist community) etc. World could learn a thing or two from this place ;) - there are some homeless, but usually import from rest of europe that comes in spring and leaves in autumn, some beggars here and there. - universal PAID healthcare (except dental and eye care, that is extremely expensive and out of your pocket) - free university - only state ones, private are costly. - roads are better than elsewhere and drivers are actually nice :) wealthy pay, superwealthy just a bit due to special tax deals (which still benefits the country compared to them leaving for say Monaco or gazillion of other tax havens all around the globe). and only 2.5% on essentials like food There is a bit of mentality too - for Swiss, railroads are part of culture, train stations are always at the heart of a city, and even small places are connected. Train infrastructure is dense. but it is bloody expensive, plain ticket for 20 km ride costs as much as 5 hour ride on fast train back home. everybody here buys early "ticket" that halves the prices of all tickets for 180 usd not true at all, I can attest French public transport for example is slow and basic compared to swiss one (apart from TGV trains, which covers just few main places). In Switzerland, you don't have to use car because train will get you there as fast/faster than car in most cases. good luck with that anywhere around unless you travel between train stations. there is no alternative, not a better one at least, not now. look at other possibilities - ie central planning is a major fail over longer time (I lived in one of those systems, no thank you). IMHO what fails in all other systems is to take into account human nature, and not some ideal working guy that never actually lived. people are lazy, care more about themselves rather than company good, some are plain evil etc. very few work on themselves unless they see the carrot at the end of the stick (bonus?). in capitalism it's cash, which can get you quite far in life, so most are chasing it (even you probably are - if your employer stopped paying you today, would you come in tomorrow?). this chase can easily ruin your life, makes people do regretful decisions but overall, it pushes mankind far beyond (and much faster) that it would achieve without this perpetual force. I'll claim one thing, feel free to disagree - capitalism ain't often the best system for a single person, but (if all internal mechanisms work) it's probably best for the advancement of mankind. and these days, we need to advance to not destroy ourselves (for that, we already have capability) indeed, not something I like. now apple doesn't feel healthy at all, more like a giant candy (i know it's still probably healthier to eat it rather than not, but I really wish there would be types which would be less sweet) very well said, this can be copied to all those articles about food causing/not causing cancers that seem to pop up recently. not much more is needed to know on this topic my ancestors were eating breakfast long before that company was founded. you might be right, but the way you present your side and your opinions (no hard facts so far)... you could work a bit on that part ;) ah, the places like Manali and Malana bring back fond memories from few years back, a month spent in the area. this stuff grows everywhere wild, I mean EVERYWHERE - even in central park in the middle of biggest provincial city. banning this on state level didn't affect consumption, just gave corrupt police a way to extort some proper cash on those poor tourists that got caught. it seemed that within certain altitude band (say 2000-3300m), this flower was at home (seen it also in abundance in nepal on annapurna circuit). going to India as backpacker for at least several weeks, ideally months is experience out of this world. so intense, so complex, so different and exotic. After 2 months there, memories of my life back in europe seemed no more than memories of a distant surreal dream. it's a harsh and beautiful place full of amazing people. cannot recommend enough. as for strength, cannot really compare since the stuff is uber-powerful. but so is moroccan and all other. eating a cake or two from time to time will not increase your cancer risk in any possible measurable way. burning any plant (or anything for that matter) and inhaling the smoke will put a lot of carcinogens right in your lungs/bloodstream. bam! enlightened very insightful comment from "the streets", thank you for it! I presume we all should accept that majority of population has sometimes the urge to let a bit of steam off (or just get wasted), and rather than fighting the flow, those in power should steer it to as-little-harm-as-possible-to-society scenarios. if nobody in your family (and you!) don't have predispositions to mental disorders, if you don't become aggressive when drunk etc. then what you can try is following: in a very comfortable setup (meaning no chance of being disturbed by non-tripping people), ideally with trusty friend who either has a lot of experience or won't use it, you can try half-dose and see how it goes. btw if you ever smoked weed, how did it work out for you? not in same ballpark, but I would call it similar style, just much more shallow. yes, movies like Tears of the sun. considering the number of US citizens, they are all over planet and it's a rather unreasonable expectation. generally US citizenship meant much more in the past than it means now since there are more interesting places to live (albeit in long term US might still prove as best spot... or not). well, and now let's look what their "competitor" (west) have done during those hundreds of years of presence there... Yes Chinese are not saints but pure capitalists, I see no evil in their actions. On the other hand, white man's actions there were evil on quite a few occasions lawless? not at all. police corrupt to unbelievable levels and doing basically what they want in some places? hell yes actually high altitude might be damaging the brain quite a bit, albeit 6000m is not really that bad (but it depends on person) there is no clear definition, but for most mountaineering starts when you need technical equipment (crampons, ice axe etc). I do hikes in alps in non-winter almost every weekend in 2000m-3000m band and its pure hiking. There are peaks higher than 6000m where you will not need this (ie in andes, tibet), and there are much lower peaks where you can't do anything without it. One example I did - you can do Kilimanjaro without touching any snow or ice, via standard route, and that's 5895m high. well to many they need a single, simple enemy they can blame for their failures in life. why not pick banks who rob everybody and steal everything, control whole world and are worse than worst dictators? simple solutions to simple people (almost no pun intended) (and lets face it, some sometime behave badly, and their missteps can be costly to their customers. but if any bank behaved like for example apple or microsoft did in past, they would be shut down immediately by regulators). hey, european here. we like cashless payments, but walking around without any paper/coins would be asking for trouble at the random counter. countless times of taxi's card reader could not connect, card was not recognized, small payments not supported etc. this topic is nothing new, I've seen it in various forms for at least 10 years. to have conclusive results, long term studies need to be done, which AFAIK so far haven't been done properly. in this case, I don't get why anybody at least slightly sane would carry wound 10+ hours a day cell phone in their pocket. if all this is true, and you get "damaged", you can blame only yourself then... he is a fanboy, and you are completely unbiased guy that just happens to insult anonymous people on HN... right :) shame on you my understanding - there is currently no software package created to allow this (ie modified kernel or whatever is necessary). government doesn't have resources/knowledge to do it on its own, otherwise they would already have it. once this is created, apple would pressed HARD by all authorities to re-use it for all iphones captured. these days we know damn too well that people in CIA, aNSA etc don't hold any reasonable moral values when it comes to privacy of about anybody on this planet. plus it could be taken from this specific phone and very probably copied anywhere, without any apple approval or court order. if government was playing mr nice guy till now, there would be at least some hope and faith. currently, there is simply none. well, what a coincidence, I guess MS phones aren't selling well, so let's undermine competition a bit. not for a second do I suspect mr gates to be stupid or not comprehending situation in full detail, with all possible consequences. and here I thought that he went from most hated IT guy on this planet in '90s to somebody actually concerned about good of the mankind. can somebody shed some light what would be his true motivations for these statements? I would if I could, and i think we both understand why. what you describe as yourself is "fashion metal listener" to me, unfortunately probably most popular type, especially in late '90s/early '00s. what many of us are is deeper - in hard rock & heavy metal I found something that works with me, makes me happy etc. The genre itself is slowly evolving, but this is not something I care for - I listen it for same reasons as before, and expect same effect as before... which is delivered, 110%. if I pick 1 out of gazillions of bands - Iron Maiden - take their album from 80s, take any recent and compare. Technical quality aside (which went from stone age to 21st century) - some say not as good as before, some say better, for me - same quality, delivered in a bit different way. it's weird to generic shallow pop-infested mind... why is this lad sticking out of the conformity crowd? he must be weird, right? (btw that sex part works only if both have same attitude :)) you really have to work on your communication skills. plus you are not correct on several points. karma proves that this isn't just my opinion (i didn't downvote you because i can't) a simple hit of ocean might be more devastating than hitting uninhabited parts of taiga. think about massive tsunami (at least that's what I would expect, depending on the impact force of course) maybe the mechanism of "shutting down" these processors is not about ON/OFF behaviour, bur rather just disconnect from processing pipeline, not being in sync with other ongoing processes etc. generally brain on psychdelics is in "overdrive" mode (confirming on myself), but maybe not everything is on turbo in same way, and works seamlessly in normal state doesn't work well anymore ok but then you are describing a snobbish spoiled wealthy-guy attitude, something i personally would hate to become, no matter what amount of cash would come with it. I am 1.88m tall, long legs and all, and have absolutely no issue travelling in tourist class around the world. true happiness and lifelong experiences come from different places so we don't support that much casino-style gaming with prospects of billions... not that depressing outlook. mankind will survive and adapt to much worse things than only 1-2% growth. Show some child abuse/slavery/deaths-by-US-bombs/born-with-cancer-or-hiv graphs, that's way more depressing than this pathetic... something had the same thinking when consulting few years ago... but every scenario is different, everybody has different expectations and all this change as we age. You are right there is no job security in perm job, but there are some true benefits. I have 25 fully paid MDs per year, another 9 public holiday ones, 2 weeks of fully paid sick days. I can have a month with few MDs of work done and still get full salary. While consulting, when thinking about vacation, by far the biggest costs were not of actual vacation, but time lost not consulting. Which made the price explode 4-5x and effectively prevented me to have much better life. I might get back later, for a while, but realistically, it ain't worth it. This might be different in other locations, where consulting vs perm job difference is much bigger, but here, taken all into account is less than 10%. some data grabbed from wherever they could hack data flows != every single bit out of phone memory OK, nice talking and all, but we need solutions applicable in real world, not something looking nice on paper (we ALL know this is best, and I hope most see it's unrealistic to expect mankind to behave like this... we never did and never will). So I could say OP is more off than you think, and he could say... whatever. The worse the situation will get, the more people will be willing to sacrifice their well-being, invest in groundbreaking expensive new tech etc. We are not there yet, not the nations holding most of cash in their pockets. Oh, and don't get fooled - you can put any cancerous lung photos on cigarette packages, I don't know a single smoker that would change their habit based on this. They ALL know it's bad and can kill you and go on nevertheless, don't treat people like stupid children. yes and no - roads are such a critical piece of infrastructure, no state can 100% function without them. Government uses them, military too, and vast amount of business is done via them. we all pay for it, and we all indirectly use it (how do you get groceries to your shop for example?), and most of us directly too. yet we have P+R on the edges to do exactly that. Bear in mind parking there is almost as expensive as in some private parking in centre, and having parking there + GVA public transport will get you a private parking spot for same amount, and probably no time saved either. This city is broken on so many levels, completely outside of usual Swiss perfection, that it doesn't drown itself in the traffic every day only because it's tiny. Oh and the banks keep the treasury filled enough to maintain it (but not improve and any significant way) I agree with the sentiment. Experience of elders has much more added value in stable, non-evolving society. What we see these days is opposite - rapid changes of all aspects fo our life. Many elders are simply lost in so many topics, and then tend to cling first familiar sign, however bad it is from overall perspective. This is dangerous since populist politicians easily use this and base their activities around these clear and easy targets. I think we all can see this happening all over the place nice theory, but if you look at reality, biggest crooks in many places are kept in place by old folks voting for them again and again, just because they figured out and "tick their box", whatever insignificant thing it might be. random out of too many - Berlusconi anybody? this would explain quite a big amount of arguments between people too Same result can be found all over the world, albeit the path to it might be different (or not). I don't think we are in worse state than many other westernized places. At the end, we do our own choices where to spend money - is it cheap and somewhat tasty junk food, or something better (which might not be more expensive, or even cheaper if prepared ourselves). Blaming others for issues that people cause themselves when they have other options is cheap... because he is pissed-off and wealthy people are such an easy-to-blame-for-it-all target these days. forget that everybody is responsible for their own health. rich are just pure evil, right? :) i heard such claims before, you can safely ignore them. nobody is jumping even 2x in performance, not straight away, it's a stupid move from financial point of view and they never did it before so why start now. extremely happy to be proven wrong in near future :) early adopter != polished new technology. just one question - what games/software would you be using it after buying right now? usually bundled stuff last couple of days, max weeks You are not correct, there was NEVER 10x jump (apart from software render of same scene vs 3dfx one, which is not apples to apples). True, initial first few generations were sometimes progressing fast, but only because architecture was clunky and everybody was just exploring new realm of chip & API design. So, any outrageous 10x performance jumps in this industry IN LAST 15 YEARS? :) you are right, my bad for reading too fast. still unconvinced we'll see a big performance breakthrough, although list you posted seems impressive well it is considered by many, mayyyybe including me, the best computer game made. ever. definitely up there in the pantheon same for me, but I hate smoking. if things would be legal, I would much MUCH prefer different, non harmful way to consume it (food, of vaporizing some pure extract in e-cigarette style). usual vaporizers are only somewhere in the middle, plus more inconvenient. I don't care so much about pricing, amsterdam levels would be OK for me. I consume so little that I would be OK even with higher pricing. But I could actually choose what type of effect, strength etc. I want, rather than random, mostly weak & expensive street stuff, bought from shady characters in dark alleys. Unless society will be handling death/for life penalties for pure consumation here, I am not stopping consuming of a plant that used to grow all round us, was heavily subsidized when US colonies got independence etc. It just doesn't make sense, this is one of the cases of laws that are plain wrong (in case of this plant and all possible products from it). If there is such an immoral law, it actually feels good breaking it (but still preferring clean, legal, market-driven scenario). Wait, you are talking maybe about heroin addicts beyond saving. But if you just want to buy some weed, you definitely must go to shady characters standing on corners of dark streets in the night, and buy overpriced at-best-mediocre-quality stuff from there (I am not racist or anything, but 100% of them in Geneva are black - that's 5 years of experience). Police guys are constantly patrolling these areas (often with dogs), dealers are super suspicious that you are an undercover cop etc. if you get caught with tiny amount ( Nah, this country is definitely not a paradise, just there are worse places. I've experienced it in Amsterdam (albeit in busy-over-the-counter style), glad to hear there is spot like that in US. the thing is, effects (at least on me) can be so starkly different from type to type (i never experienced different stuff with same effects). very different to consistent dumb-down-but-generally-happy effect of alcohol (again, purely on me). ... but since you move not only your head but also your eyes, it would be much harder to implement? touching story... nowhere I ever lived in europe I met people that got hooked on these prescription drugs (and even ended up worse), at least I didn't know. is this just my case? or some laws in US are less prohibitive (but where are the doctor's morals? don't tell me all are rotten) that was not the intent... those guys have probably some tough lives behind them and no future here, living often without permit on the fringe of society. it's just that meeting them in dark alleys after dark, being surrounded by suspicion etc. ain't activity I do for pleasure or some weird kick out of it; just a necessary evil. this is highly subjective topic, nobody really knows what mankind truly needs long term in current state. we can state our own personal preferences that would improve things we care for, but that's another topic with possibly different outcomes. For example, I can easily say we need more people with high moral standards who don't lie, cheat partners, friends,family and do overall positive added value to mankind. This can be anything from freeing a seat in full bus to granny/pregnant woman to curing some specific type of cancer, and anything in between. They don't even need to work hard on this, even small positive action here and there, multiplied by 7 billions, would change our lives gradually for the better. But that's just my subjective 2 cents :) ... so you are proposing a bad idea that seems pretty wrong from multiple aspects. generally hydroponics is a sh t cheap substitute for real growing for those who cannot afford quality vegetables (sadly, I sometimes fall down that hole too and then regret this decision while eating this tasteless cr*p full of unhealthy chemistry). no, thank you for many reasons something tells me sales would plummet? one example out of many - what about various gearboxes? some people swear by automats, I would not want such a car for free. leather/fabric interior, various suspension setups (hard & more enjoyable vs comfy & puddy). various light options (each has pros and cons). tyres size, rims design. etc etc etc. I am pretty damn sure I want a different car than you, ignoring color. in Geneva, Switzerland, 100MBit upload & download via Swisscom (but good luck finding server on the other side which would work 100% with it), costs cca 80 USD/month. in neighbouring France where salaries are maybe 1/3 of Swiss ones, in rather small town which is in mountains, but not some secluded lonely speck but Chamonix, world premiere site for of piste skiing and alpinism (among other activities), its... cca 45 USD for 2 fraking MBits (plus world of pain of dysfunctional bureaucracy when dealing with Orange, main provider in the area - 3 weeks after subscribing via already existing landline, still not working albeit activated on their side). this world can be a strange place when it comes to internet connectivity... let me tell you, moving away from all friends can be tough for a kid. some cope with it well, some not at all, most are somewhere in the middle. I know I didn't enjoy my experience to say at least... some time ago I read a study (sorry no links around) that people get used to almost anything, positive or negative, over time. With 2 clear exceptions: - pets like dogs/cats always tend to raise happiness levels - daily long commutes to work tend to make people more unhappy (and of course it helps if you have the time for yourself and are nto constantly stuck at traffic jam) big pharma will do what their management and owners force them to do. surprisingly, unlike all other companies in this world, they want to make money and somehow they are in everybody's health business... as for good advices - i don't think anybody literate in this world doesn't know that being active and doing sports is a massive net benefit to individual. same goes for generally healthy diet - vegetables, fruit, not eating too much, limit sweet stuff and so on. yet when I look around, I see people trying to blame others, blame evil corps, doing a lot of similar mental work except the very thing that everybody knows is healthy - or why isn't everybody who is able regularly exercising? if I give up on my body, mkay that's called freedom, but damn I won't go around and try to blame corn industry of some crazy conspiracy (even if there would be one). I am the one shopping for food, and healthy in supermarkets ain't so expensive. In fact, many times it's dirt cheap. until somebody forces my hand to pay for the food i don't want to eat and forces it down my throat, we are free in our choices, and it's only our responsibility to make them as good as possible. overpopulation? not enough resources? first let's solve these, so we can have number of humans exploding (exponentially, maybe). if done incorrectly, this might end up in quite a disaster I presume this topic is less about dying for your work, rather about screwing up your relationships, marriage, ending childhood of your kids with divorce and similar. Reality of an engineering employee even for such a company is, success means bringing tiny increase ineffectiveness, weight reduction etc. into super complex system. No truly world changing discoveries. If you are alone, do whatever you want with your life. But once you go for family, working 70-hour weeks is plain stupid, selfish or just extremely bad deal. No work is worth making decisions that you will regret for the rest of your life. sad but true reality of medical care - many people assume that because we have portable amazing portable supercomputers with internet(insert any recent progress), we are also in star trek era of personalized medical care with portable scanners revealing every aspect of our body matter down to molecular level, instantly. well, we're not, and unless you are billionaire/us president, we won't get there in our lifetimes, nor our children's. fiancee is an internal doctor in one of biggest hospitals in Switzerland (read - you don't get much better public healthcare anywhere in the world), and they are a) overwhelmed by amount of people, especially old whose bodies are just a massive clusterfuck of issues - welcome to being old. all they try is to keep them somehow alive when today this was failing, tomorrow that etc. there are simply no resources in medicare to treat your non-fatal condition which doesn't stem from something obvious. b) 50% of people are sometimes in pain. each body is unique. what makes one thrive brings other to its knees. c) as said here before, doctor's role is not detective investigation, that's research. doctors these days are overwhelmed with patients and must prioritize their incoming queue, even if it's with somebody's pain. Every patient also means hours of bureaucratic hell, same for incoming as for outgoing ones. that's why rich people have private health care - it's not about having best doctor available (same as you don't find brightest IT people in say SAP consulting), it's mainly about having someone dedicating as much time as needed to you. I wish it would be so too, but that's simply not reality now As a beginner host I can tell you, booking.com IS a ripoff. They charge several times more than airbnb (15%), so hosts reflect this to higher price. So far I haven't seen the option to actually send the money to me, it seems I have to collect it on spot (hopefully not). I am 3 weeks into account opening process with them, and it's not yet done (because they fail to send me a mail with which I confirm whatever - this is internet company in 2016!). Airbnb was done in 15 minutes in super-intuitive manner. They deserve competition desperately, either improve or die. The only reason why it's still in existence is they were first, any many people are used to them. But as with all internet technologies, this will change over time. "mostly works" can get you eventually killed on a highway having to keep hands on the wheel vs not touching it at all (as vvanders wrote) shows how much trust car manufacturers have in their systems unless heavy traffic on highway, this is already achievable for me with usual cruise control (I did few home trips that are 1500km far within 1 day - tiring but doable... 1 hour is a breeze in good car). if in heavy traffic, I turn off cruise control anyway, you better focus properly. traditional cruise control is just about keeping constant speed, no adaption to situation, road inclination etc. my 12 year old BMW has one, wonderful feature and keeps me still engaged with what's on the road farm and easy life - in reality often famine and extremely oppressive regimes. wtf are you writing about? unless it's a mosquito with malaria or dengue :) (aka terrorist with nuclear/dirty bomb). terrorism is, above all, politically motivated theatrical act that should manipulate audience into something (fear and thus irrational behavior, election choices etc). plus some stray dogs that are out of any reasonable control. we humans are vastly irrational, and just because mankind landed on the moon doesn't mean emotions don't hold more power than reason in most of us. that's why so many people are afraid of flying, are superstitious, believe in horoscopes and so on. you know, general folks out there who have same voting power as you or me or anybody else what I meant that we can achieve amazing stuff as mankind (especially with 60's tech), but still be completely irrational redneck-style when emotions kick in don't underestimate those power hungry guys up there, we can accuse them of many things, but not for being stupid... you might be happier, but that's just your emotions playing with you, no rationality. I see it all the times with colleagues - they have amazing tap water coming straight from Alps (it really tastes well) and 2 metres next to it vending machine with 2 euro per 0.5l plastic bottle. Well guess what they do every single effin' time... most of bottled water is tap water in plastic bottles, potentially infused with mix of BPA and other if ever exposed to slight amount of sunlight. don't ever think they use some high quality inert plastics on that bottle, because they don't. with true deep well/mountain spring you are getting potentially better quality prior to bottling, and no idea what in final bottle. if you have really poor quality tap water where you live, that's your best choice. it still might not be a healthy choice though. same here, same here 3 cheeseburgers a day would make the rest of their lives a rather short period for those unfortunate 130 ones well, this is the topic of quality vs quantity, and most people including me prefer the former for obvious reasons very sorry to hear that, I presume many cases of normal person X didn't make it vs Steve did (well...). but let's make it more apples to apples, and compare against one of most wealthy humans ever, that's a tiny category on its own. This "money can't buy happiness" is meant (or should be) somewhere along - give a man earning X dollars 2X (or 10X) instead. Short term boost of happiness will quickly fade away, and what is left? Bigger TV screen, faster car, more stupid partying or 10 bedrooms instead of 2? That's what most people do when they suddenly win/inherit large amounts of cash. Most of them end up as sad stories. If you are not happy, more cash will not change this in 99% of the cases. Long lasting happiness doesn't come from stuff you can actually buy, or if yes they cost a tiny bit (many super intense experiences can be done with little cash, ie backpacker travelling around the world which is superior to any other way including most expensive packaged vacations, outdoor adventuring, extreme sports etc.). buying overpriced equipment (apple) while complaining that with low wage you really feel the difference of price for a freakin' charger doesn't make much sense. same here. when going on vacation compared to weekend outing, we usually bring quite a few photos from various sources (recent trip to Borneo - my dslr, gopro for diving, fiancee's point-and-shoot used also heavily in underwater housing for diving, her cell phone which she carries everywhere compared to camera). All combined it was cca 2000 pieces, damn too much but when you are there seeing all the diffrent beauty all the time, it's hard to resist snapping more than bare minimum. the issue among others is, the most amazing places are sometimes off the grid, some photos require some proper processing (panoramas, night shots with milky way etc). which tends to take a lot of time and you need proper PC for it (lightroom, autopano, photoshop etc). it would be a poor use of precious vacation time to spend evenings editing photos, wouldn't it... on the other hand, however amazing it was (and it was, highly recommending before those idiots burn rest of rainforest and transform it into palm tree plantations) - I am not going to look in next months into photos once processed, however amazing they are (and some, especially diving and jungle ones are really :-O to me). we do various mountain stuff a lot and most weekends tend to bring additional set of pics. so it has to be process-quickly-and-move-on, otherwise it takes all my free time. you mean those folks who went away from europe/were kicked out for various reasons, and came to america and afterwards did those things? i agree with your outrage since it shows pure evil, but logically most descendants of those people should be US citizens for many generations. how about we start considering every single corporation above certain size/revenue not as an altruistic setup but rather ruthless gain-at-almost-all-costs oriented businesses and deal with them accordingly. and it would be their responsibility to prove state and public otherwise. something along presumed guilty until proven innocent. I know, naive and with many holes, but imagine it for a moment... with facebook you can get in touch with people that might be othwerwise unreachable (it allowed us to do a proper high school reunion for example). the key is to use it sparingly and not spend too much time, it has some addictive factor in constant news feed that make news sites look like static HTML pages. it can be a good tool but a bad master linkedin is purely professional, basically your online CV + network of your colleagues. they tried to make it more FB-like but I don't know a single person who is not recruiter who actually ever checks that. I did car trip around Iceland few years ago in may, having most of inner part still unreachable due to metres of snow. Running tiny Chevrolet Spark in places like Western fjords on their dirt roads with meeting car overy 1-2 hour, good memories. Communal pools could be found in most small villages around, I recall a big one in Akureyri, second largest city (population 18,000). Definitely part of the culture and considering overall ridiculous prices there, pretty cheap. But all pools are standard treated clean water although whole island has natural hot springs with bluish hot water coming straight form he ground all over it (it's basically like a big volcano all over). Very few places to enjoy those. I guess tourists want to have different experiences than those living there. i think maybe only Swiss here have really sustainable model; others I know are typical socialist let's-make-more-and-more-debt-with-unsustainable-social-benefits (happy to learn if it somewhere else it works and can work in foreseeable future too without creating huge debt, forcing people to work in their late 60' etc). What Swiss specifically have - we all pay social deductions, within 3 pillars. If you end up unemployed, then you are entitled to 1-2 years of unemployment benefits in 70% of your former income, with some reasonable cap. That is if you worked 100%, in perm contract, at least a year in a row. Otherwise not entitled or payments are much lower. You have to actively search daily for new job and prove it to your unemployment councilor, otherwise they will cut benefits. Those benefits are really structured in a way to pay you while you are looking for a job, not to have some extra long holidays on everybody's else budget. Motivating setup, and since there is a social net of that 70% of my income, I am not frightened on the prospect of losing job and needing to store enough cash to live at least X months/years without any income. Handy when one has big fresh loan on his shoulders. you don't get it? basic income IS communism, we/they also had a guaranteed income because everybody had to have a job (=income), even if the job didn't make sense. elites (political in communism vs actually still working people in BI scenario) have amazing life with various luxuries. rest will be allowed to exist and not die of starvation and have a lousy place for sleep. truly bright future... makes sense, but how do we 100% ensure nothing unforeseen will go wrong with it? playing god might end up pretty badly if some genetic/other corner case happens You sir have apparently no idea how easy is to obtain guns in european underworld, and I don't mean Ukraine or Albania. Want to buy AK-47 with ammo in Paris? Just go to shady suburbs, if you know where to go/right people it's piece of cake for few hundred euros (not living there myself, but I have a colleague who comes from there and this is his consistent description). this. if a person cannot be happy on their own, with only their body and mind present, then I believe they are not really truly happy. quite a few people I know claim happiness, very few actually are. I don't mean flashes of happiness caused which happen in everyone's life, but stable, balanced feel that gets cannot be easily disrupted and rather quickly returns back. I would say disgust rather than fear, just another entitled bunch of a holes who think they can do whatever they want all around the globe and they actually have means to do so. but then comes fleeting moment of satisfaction when some of them are shot, kidnapped etc... yeah, that's how despised they are seeing this upvoted gives me back a bit of hope in HN crowd