It shouldn't end at the users ISP. This ties the user to a using a certain ISP, or they have to give up their online identity. You can get cycling direction using http://maps.cloudmade.com , which uses OpenStreetMap data, just like OpenCycleMap. Dual nationality? Try to get a passport for a neutral country like Ireland (all you need is one Irish grandparent)? An NGO passport won't work easily. It's much much too easy to set up a NGO. It's much harder to set up a new country. And if your government is doing things that make it hard for you to travel, then it's up to you to try to fix your government. :P Similar in Ireland. Although 1 month notice is the figure. Usually the notice is specified in the contract. There is a legal minimum of 2 weeks (or more depending on how long the employment has lasted). Although it's in the contract, you are always free to re-negotiate a contract, and if both sides agree, then you have a new contract Just because iTunes is the most popular music store in the USA does not mean that most of the music on iPods in the USA comes from iTunes. This is nonsense. Go to a real third world county and you will see a massive difference between the USA and there. This article claims any country with "a high level of debt, an income distribution concentrated in the top 1% of the population, and an economy based on export of raw materials and import of manufactured products." most of these apply to every country in the world. You should try doing some A/B testing It would be cool if we could bet on this. I know this happens in sports, and there are sites for offering and taking bets on who'll win the US presidential election. Are they open to simple little bets like this? I don't know anything about Bloomberg, and I'm willing to bet that as a niche product aimed at high trained people, it might not be too bad. But I agree in principle with this article. You can see it sometimes in the Linux/FLOSS world. People decry anything that means the average user can use it. "But you should know how to set up networking on the command line!" People like that, they like jumping through hoops. They think sensible defaults are a bad thing. They think you should have to read a 1,000 page manual before doing something simple. Sound like how Ryanair (a Europe airline) work. They are one of the largest airlines in the world. They charge €20 per checked in bag. And since you can't check in online with a bag, you need to pay €20 to use a check in desk. When a flight is advertised for €15, all these extra charges all add up. Of course most people think it's just Ryanair being mean and will complain about how they "were stung for extra charges". However, despite people's complaints, they are by far the lowest prices, and people fly with them. I think Ryanair based a lot of their idea on southwest airlines in the USA. If you are using Ubuntu (or Debian), installing this is even easier. Just install gimp-resynthesizer using aptitude or Ubuntu software centre Yes, Ryanair are very strict with size and number of items. You are only allowed one bag. That includes handbag. Many times I've seen women not allowed on until they get their handbag in their normal bag and both have to fit within the size. I would guess that the empty hold space is left empty. If it's empty they don't use as much fuel. You can see the ryanair full ticket price at the first or second step. It would be impossible to buy a ticket without knowing the price. I suspect the reason ryanair don't like 3rd party sites is because ryanair like pitching hotels and car hire after you buy a ticket. Try both? Wait a few days, see which works better. It's better to have actual evidence for what works for your market You shouldn't have to manually install anything, in my experience. The package manager should take care of things. You should continue to use what is most comfortable for you. The fact that you are already using a DVCS (Distributed Version Control System) already puts you at an advantage to those not using it (e.g. Subversion users). Just relax, and focus on writing your code now. I use HackerNews, a site for finding new content, and discussing things. You can read his blog, or see all the comments he makes on HN. That's what I've been doing, and it's quite insightful But 90% of anything is crap ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sturgeons_Law Sturgeon's Law). 90% of the internet is crap, etc. Hugin is great. It has a 'wizard mode' that makes it really easy to use. You just select the images you want to stitch together and it will automatically find out how to join them, and blend the edges together. Remember, you can use "gimp-resynthesizer" to fill in the edges. Here are some panoramas I've made with Hugin http://www.flickr.com/photos/rorymccann/tags/panorama I think, what patrick meant to say is that, his stats code was correct. It really was costing $30. He just didn't want to believe it at first. Erk, wine and using the windows library seems like a headache... I like this idea, and I like python. Can I rely on non-technical users having python and wxwidgets installed? or is there some way to bundle everything together? You're an inspiration to me. Quicky: From reading your blog, I see you had a desktop programme in java at the start. Do you still have a desktop programme now, or is it all web based? If you have a desktop programme, do you have any advice on choice of language so that non-techies can download and run with as little fuss? Another Irish person here! They already can do that. Remember when Wikipedia was censored in the UK? http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/blog/2008/dec/08/intern... The easy answer is to find something that makes you money while your asleep. The awesome patio11 on here has done mostly that. Go ready some of his stuff. I would suggest against it. It's almost certainly possible to pick another domain name, and just use that. If you're just starting off, and no-one knows about your brand, then you can just as easily switch to another branding. The only reason you should pay lots for a domain name is if it's hard or impossible to switch. i.e. you're already invested in that brand. For example, openstreetmap.org is basically "doing to google maps what wikipedia did to encyclopedias". They have been going for years, and have ~ 200,000 users. openstreetmapS.org (not the S) was squatted. They eventually raised funds and bought it. It made sense for them since they had already a lot of brand awareness of "open street map", and it's so easy to add an 's' to the end. Depends what you want. If by 'hacker' you mean security, then there are certs for that. Or start hanging around, reading and practicing security stuff. If by 'hacker' you mean a good programmer (that's probably what the hacker in hackernews means), then you don't need a certificate for that. Just do lots of programming. Apple don't believe in a free market / free competition. If they did, then they wouldn't have an App Store. Yes "UK" is the correct term for the country. However London, the capital, is in England, is a large percentage of the UK population (about ~15 - 20million out of a UK population of about 60 million). The vast majority of the programmer jobs would probably be in London, so you might wind up going to "England" itself. If your grandparent was Irish (unlikely in South Africa I guess), then you are entitled to an Irish passport. You are then a EU citizen and can work in any EU country with no visa issues. Just something that might be of benefit. I'm sure it's possible to figure out if a programme was generated by some other programme. When programmes generate other source code, they will have a certain style, a certain naming convention for functions, a certain main class, etc. Apple's property? If I have an iPhone, I have to pay for it. That makes it my property. And that's why I don't have an iPhone. Yeah, this is exactly the sort of problem bittorrent was designed to handle If you are interested in more stories of bad science and medicine, then check out Ben Goldacre's site: http://www.badscience.net/ He has a book of the same name. Fair play. Though you are financially supporting the anti-tinkering apple, you're telling apple (with your dollars) that closed is the way to go. Be careful how that turns out. Lots of 'free software' and hacking stuff goes on in Germany. Of course, the level of English in Germany is superb, so you can still probably talk to them there. Another way to purify water is to boil for for a few minutes. Yes, bottled water or bust is the standard mantra in the developing world. I rememeber one of our party trying to order a Margarita with no ice in a restaurant in Zambia once. I believe it's "The Boss" Well the first problem is to find the thing to turn off and on again. It's not always clear what device is misbehaving. Also, frequently you'll need to report to the "higher ups" what went wrong. Saying "I dunno, I turned it off and on again and it works now. shrug " makes you look like you don't know what's going on. It's much better to be able to explain what happened. A HackerNews wiki? Sounds interesting. It could become a resource for members of this community to store knowledge about things this community has formed around. You've said you don't want interest, so you're not Why not invest in yourself? Go on a nice holiday? Buy a house? Get a facelift. Spend the money to make your life better? Or invest in some 'social capital'. Buy your parents/siblings a house, or a car. If times go bad, you'll be able to call in some favours. A lot of trademarked terms (e.g. "visa") might not be available as adsense words. So people bid on the misspellings. I'm sure they are not following him 24/7, so in theory he could keep doing it in his spare time, but that would be silly. His employer can now use this against him if they have any dispute with him. In these cases it's good to scribble a little note in the margin of the contract at that section "Nothing in the above section shall prevent me from working on my side project XYZ in my free time" (or similar) and get them to initial it. You can always change contracts before you sign them. Yeah I love the annecdote. When there's a gold rush, don't be the guy digging for gold, be the guy selling shovels. The other problem with this argument is that Jobs is saying that it's just as easy to rewrite the flash app in javascript as it to remove the reliance on rollovers. Whereas for the vast majority of the flash apps, removing rollovers is much easier than a complete rewrite. Don't forget OpenStreetMap http://www.openstreetmap.org/ a Free wiki map of the world. It has a very unique style that I think is very nice. One of their statements is "We make beautiful maps" amazon.co.uk also sells to people in Ireland. I agree with you that the record labels are probably the root cause. However I don't like the idea that "It's not Apple's fault, it's the labels". Apple claimed the record labels forced them to put DRM on iTunes, but then Apple put DRM on the AppStore. Did the record labels really insist on DRM for indie app developers? Fact is Apple likes DRM and control. Same here. I got a Dev Phone shipped to the UK, and it cost loads more. The extra cost was to pay for customs and import tax AFAIK. I use postfix for SMTP and dovecote for IMAP. All free software. There's a million guides for setting it up and for fixing issues. There's also a million different ways to tweak it to do anything you want. Heheh. As others have said this is not an ethical business model, and is nothing more than blackmail. Some plain foods have zzero vat. More luxurous food is taxed. This is important when you think of jaffa cakes, are they a biscuit or a cake? If they are a buscuit, then they don't have vat, if cake, then the price goes up Apple always charges more for EU customers, usually replacing the $ for a €. When €1 = $1.50, I don't believe it's the tax, and instead feel like I'm getting screwed. No matter what twitter planned for it, it's an exploit. Users think that only they can control who follows them, but this feature gets around that. Every's followers count shows zero now, it's not a consequence of doing this > - Many users put their hometowns so that they're visible when you zoom out really far (you see the suburbs of Salt Lake City & L.A. before you see SLC & L.A.) The data for USA was imported from the US government, the TIGER data. One problem with rendering a map is the importance of cities. Both (say) San Francisco and San Jose are close to each other, and you only have room to show one. Which do you show? The largest population? Larger GDP? Larger cultural influence (how do you measure that?), etc. It's a 'hard problem'. > - It's incomplete in many places Yes, it's a work in progress, made by voluneteers. However it has come so far in a few years. > - It doesn't even give you directions There are other OSM-based services that give directions. One I used is CloudMade ( http://maps.cloudmade.com/ ). Some of the people who started OSM founded CloudMade. You should have done that before signing the contract. Then it's baked into the contract. My point is to get everything in writing before you sign things. Both Warren and Detroit are 'cities' in the US, so both are tagged "place=city", i.e. both at the same level. The map rendered can't draw both, so it can't decide which to show, so it picks one. It's hard to come up with a good way to rank the hierachies of cities. Arrington is a journalist. Fortune sent him stuff and said 'publish this'. No suprise that he published it. If you sent him something 'off the record', I have no idea what he'd do. But the original fortune emails did not look like private personal emails. Make it Open Source. Why should I use a GMail clone that is just like gmail, but doesn't have as large a company backing it? Make it open source, and I'll install and use it on my system. That is what can differentiate you from Gmail. A big difference is that from the start Twitter was public whereas Facebook was private. Then Facebook changed it to my public by default. Since most people don't change from the default, people are using service (Facebook) that they thought was private, but is now actually public. It's the change from 'default private' to 'default public' that's the biggest thing. Initially Facebook was private by default. It's only recently that it's changed to 'default public'. Lots of people are using a public thing, when it used to be private. It's the change that's the most important thing. > What about automatically contacting the affected users first, and attempt to rouse them to action? You mean contacting 98% of facebook's users?!? 'Talk to you customers' is a bi ambiguoud, and could be wrong. My reading of the lean startup thing is that you look at the numbers and metrics of what your customers are doing, rather than ask them what they want. If you're not sure what feature to add, don't ask people, and do surveys, do a half version of all the possibilities, and see what features your customers are using. Address formats are different all over the world. Lots of places call them "postcodes" not zip codes (e.g. the UK). Some places have no postcodes (e.g. Ireland). Lots of places don't have 'states'. And the US has lots of 'cities' whereas lots of places would have local towns or counties. You usually need addresses to send someone something. I'd suggest just putting in a text field and letting the user just type it in freeform. Shame there isn't a way (in HTML) to say "the src of this is at http://... . and it's SHA512 is a5872... or it's signed by GPG key 0x1276e...". That would solve that problem. So, what does this mean for Apple? They're betting on H264 being the web video codec. If YouTube is all in WebM and Firefox supports it, that's 60% of the browser market and one of the largest video sites. Is this game over for H264? Safari and Apple will have to cave in. If WebM becomes a de facto standard for video on the web, then Apple would be fools to limit their browser like that. Especially since it's patent free. OpenStreetMap, an open source compeditor to Google Maps does a similar 'split the word into tiles'. This is how they do it: http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Slippy_map_tilenames Your signup page only has one input box for password. This is against common UI norms of requiring that the user types in their password twice. You can download the raw data from OSM easily. Get it here: http://planet.openstreetmap.org/ . However that's a 20GiB compressed XML file in their schema. You could download the data and pre-generate your own tiles and save them, but that would take a lot of space (i.e. Terabytes). You could download the OSM data to your computer and set up mod_tile (the render on demand server) locally and browse your own computer to see the tiles. If you have a garmin GPS you can download the garmin map files based on OSM for your gps from this site http://download.geofabrik.de/osm/ . You can also get navit files from OSM which works on the open source navit satnav programme. Neither of those are browser based tiles though. It's not easy to create a competitor to Skype. Skype's main attraction is not the technology, but the network effect and it's closed system. You could make a cool SIP client for Android/iPhone/etc. but it wouldn't matter because you wouldn't be able to talk to 90% of the mundane's who only have Skype. As others have pointed out, in the southern hemisphere, the prevaling winds are easterlies. I'm a member of TOG, a Hackerspace in Dublin, Ireland (our website: http://www.tog.ie ) You can also see the Hackerspaces that have added themselves to OpenStreetMap here: http://technomancy.org/osm-hackerspaces/ While I sympathise with people who feel mislead, we all know there is no such thing as "unlimited data". No teleco can honestly provide "unlimited data", it's just not possible or econonically viable. It's common for telecos to actually have a hidden limit on their unlimited plan. At least now they are being (more) honest about what you get. Allowing forgein visitors is one of their main ways of getting hard forgein currency, that they can then use for trade. > If the UK is so porous then how come Germany wasn't able to stroll over in 1940. A few thousand unorganised migrant workers who are trying to smuggle themselves in with no more than a suitcase each and try to hide in the corners of soceity when they get there is quite different from a massive uniformed army with tanks and trucks who then try to take over the running of the government when they get here. Also the army was legally allowed and ordered to shoot the Germans who were trying to come over, whereas they is not the political will to shoot migrant workers. patio11 is refering to the 90/90 rule: > The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time. The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ninety-ninety_rule > The roads always need paved. Yes but someone might invent a labour saving device that makes it easier to pave roads. This is what has happened with farms. The paved roads are not as important to humanity as food. Food is the most important thing to humanity, that doesn't mean going into agriculture is a good idea. > The roads always need paved. Yes but someone might invent a labour saving device that makes it easier to pave roads. This is what has happened with farms. The paved roads are not as important to humanity as food. Food is the most important thing to humanity, that doesn't mean going into agriculture is a good idea. No American law can affect my internet access in Europe. The USA ≠ The World POP3 means that if someone loses their laptop, someone else can access all your internal emails. Or if someone's harddrive dies you no longer have a backup of email. > But who's really doing it wrong? You are. The canonical source for the correct way to spell/write someone's name is that person. You should never tell someone "No, you're writing your name wrong". In many countries in Africa, the postal service doesn't do delieveries to people's houses. Every address is a "PO BOX ...." Set up your own blog planet software and add RSS feeds for things you're interested in. You don't need to ask people if they like it. Just do it yourself. If people like it they will ready it. After a while you will know from your visitor count if people like your idea. > Now that the company has its HTML5 and iPad strategy in place, Adler says they are focusing on making Scribd more social and less reliant on search engines. Today, the majority of their traffic comes from Google, but Scribd is putting a greater emphasis on the social by closely integrating with Facebook. So rather than relying on Google for most of your traffic, you'll rely on Facebook. Sounds like you're just changing one master for another. Most lean small businesses avoid that sort of ISO* stuff for that reason Must be an EU thing. In Ireland every worker is entitled to a written declaration of their job, pay, conditions etc. It's quite possible for more than 50% of people to be above average drivers. If there are 100 people, and 80 of them cause no accidents, and the other 20 cause 10 accidents each, then there are 2 accidents per driver. 80% have less than average accident rate. By the same logic it's possible for most people to have a below average salary. Once extremes are possible, then averages start being less applicable. However for things that have no extrmeme (e.g. height, IQs), the above average and below average rates are similar., That's the Dunning-Kruger effect http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning-Kruger_effect The author is intentionally not trying to earn money. As far as he's seeing it, he's fully expecting to lose the $120k. An App Store for Mac desktops? That sounds very risky. If Apple release their own built in App Store then your business is gone. Yes, perhaps it's up to a judge to decide what "good"/"evil" means, however that still means there's 1 person who gets to decide whether or not you can use the software, ergo, not open source. It could be another form of RSI (Repeditive Strain Injury). Carpal Tunnel Syndrome is one particular form of RSI affecting your wrists, but it's also possible to get RSI and pain in other muscles. Just because the Carpal Tunnel tests are negative doesn't mean you don't have some other illness. You shouldn't be in pain. If you're in pain, and all the Carpal Tunnel tests are negative, then it's something else. I've frequently had RSI pains for about a year now. One solution is to change (somehow) your typing set up. e.g. if you use your right hand to use the mouse, and have pains in your right hand, then change to your left hand. This will give the (damaged and strained) muscles in your right hand a break and they will start to heal. Likewise, change your keyboard. I got a €25 Microsoft Natural Keyboard. When typing on a laptop it's common to rest your wrists on your laptop (before the keyboard). This means you have to bend your wrists upwards. If you do that a lot (like I used to), then you'll get pains along the top of your lower arms. The solution is to not do that as much. I got a new keyboard which means I don't bend my wrists up like that. This means these muscles are not doing as much, and hence aren't being strained, and hence are given a chance to recover. Install a typing break programme. This is something that will lock your screen every X mins for Y mins, forcing you to take regular breaks from typing. If you're using Linux & Gnome, this is built in as part of the keyboard preferences. Movie studios are in the business of making movies, plural. Just cause I can copy DVDs once and set up a DVD burning shop doesn't mean I can make the next movie. Movie studios have the process and equipment (cameras, sets), contacts (directors, actors) to make movies. If the hardest part of your business can be so easily copied by someone else, then you do have a problem. If it can't be copied then you might not have a problem One advantage of this above, say, outsourced work, is that it allows people who would never programme to programme. These people will then get a nice warm fuzzy feeling of acomplishment when they make a programme to fix their problem. I think spreading feelings of acomplishment is a good thing. There are loads of simple programmes on Android/iPhone that are popular (e.g. Fart apps). Simple apps aren't always bad, sometimes they are just what people want. This tools allows the creation of certain kinds of programmes that people want. This is a good thing. Well the main point is that the history of WW2 is full of 'plot holes' and hard to believe stories (if it was a TV show) Shame we're not doing great. Just look at Rwanda. A genocide in the mid 1990s One big problem with textual programming is that there are too many places syntax errors can creep in. Lots of 'mundanes', i.e. non-hackers are so used to flexibility with little things like text, punctuation, spacing and capitilization. The rigity that programming languages require would make most programmes written by these people riddled with syntax errors. Graphical programming removes choices and options. However it also removes ways to make mistakes. Excel is one of the most widely used programming environments out there, and it's pretty visual. OSX is a compeditor to Linux. Why would Apple help a compeditor like that? >> There's already someone in the HN comments on this story who says it can't possibly be true because he's never had the problem with his iPhone. Seriously. > I can't seem to find that. Weird. Further down the page http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1508566 Amazon EC2 is very cheap if you want to use a server for a few hours. However if you want a server for 1 year, then it's cheaper to buy a 1 year lease (i.e. your own server) than it is to rent it by the hour./ I'm not sure, but I'm guessing that 'Solaris' is a trademarked term, owned by Sun (now Oracle). If you fork it, you can't call it 'Solaris' anymore. You'd have a hard time selling/promoting this new unix os that no-one has heard of. Very interesting. How come that view is hidden? How does it work? You have to know what their compeditors are. Pre iPhone, Apple's compeditors were Microsoft. The iPhone makes it look like Apple's compeditors now are Nokia/RIM (the makers of Blackberry). However a case could be made that Apple's current iPhone compeditor is or will be Google. So if you wanna bet on the iPhone, it's not clear who you should short. The problem with the semantic web is you need a universal ontology. i.e. you need everyone to agree on the same thing. Cory Doctorow's Metacrap explains more http://www.well.com/~doctorow/metacrap.htm Even if you make drugs legal, we still need undercover operations to deal with criminal organisations. What about the groups that kill people for money, or extort 'protection money', or groups that rob banks? Unless you want to make murder, arson and theft legal, you need to go undercover in these groups. Genetic algorithms do create things. It's the randomness seed at the start that creates the new thing. I run Linux and just happen to only care about open source tools, so I have no need to pirate software. TV shows, Films, music, well.... ;) "Pirate your own software"? I don't think that would count as piracy. If you own the copyright on it, or own the company that owns the copyright, or run the company that owns the copyright, then surely you can copy it as many times as you want. How could it be possible to view any copying of that as 'piracy'. I believe HN original goal was to be what reddit was years ago. Since then the content on reddit has changed a lot. I suspect it isn't 'trust' that's holding OSX back in the enterprise world, but the software available (or lack thereof). If so, then it can't be a fast change. One of the reasons SO was created is cause forums are usually so bad at serving as Q&A sites. Yes there are loads of programming jobs in Ireland, which should help since I'm looking for a python job soon myself! Some jobs require travelling for work. I know someone who's job was to go around conferences in Europe and set up and maintain wifi networks. Some people interviewed for the job just didn't like travelling, and so weren't hired. This person has shown that they clearly are OK with travelling. Another advantage is that it shows a level of maturity and self-sufficience. If they can pack their bags and go off to India as a younge person they are clearly not a stay-at-home-very-shy person. IRC is still heavily used in the open source world. It's a great resource and you should add it to your arsenal of 'places to get support on FLOSS stuff' No, alas I wasn't at PyCon, I was at the Ubuntu-ie geeknic instead. I'm glad to hear python jobs are available, should make a change from all this PHP at the moment. Yes, or apple's customer support could be to re-flash the phone to the original state. You can only use a short clip. IANAL but I think before this, it was not copyright infringment to copy a short clip. However in order to to do that, you needed to break the DRM, which was illegal. It's like the clip in the matrix "Why would you want a phone call when you can't speak?" I'd assume it's at your own risk, and I'd assume jailbreaking voids your warrenty. It's perfectly common for things to be legal but void your warrenty (e.g. It's legal for me to intentionally hit my iPhone with a hammer, but that voids my warrenty) Google et al. do essentially run their servers on EC2. However it's their own version of EC2, in their datacentres. They have a whole pile of virtualised servers they can turn on an off by the minutes. They have internal accounting systems so that each team is 'charged' based on what they use. Google are so big, so it's cheaper for them to make their own datacentre than use someone else's (i.e. Amazon's). EC2 only came about because Amazon run their servers on it, and they had so much spare capacity, so they sell it. That reply is the non-subtle way to call someone stupid. I would have thought that large public school systems have so much beuocracry and standards when it comes to buying things that the teacher decide it's not worth the hassle of getting their employer to pay, and just pay for it themselves. Download the file using the Tor Network ( https://www.torproject.org/ ). On linux all you'd have to do is "torify wget http://www.example.com . If you are worried about storing the encrypted data, you could use a 'plasable deniable' encryption system ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deniable_encryption ) This cartoon is loose on the details, but I think he's just suggesting coalition governments. Lots of countries have coalition governments, and have many problems with their politics. The UK election this year resulted in a coalition government and the large parties badmounthed the idea of a coalition, claiming it was weak and unstable government. Trying to make the same thing in the USA would probably result in the same campaigning against the idea. If you're using Apache, then it should be easy to do with a rewrite rule, or proxy pass. > And at the end of it, you'll have a property worth much, much more than what you paid for it. Unless there was a property bubble. Ireland recently had a massive property crash. Properties that were sold for €200million are now worth €20mil or less. Lots of people are stuck owning empty hotels and business centres with no tenants. I find anti-health care movement in America strange. In 50 years time it'll be political suicide to suggest removing it. Much like the 1960s civil rights acts, they were opposed at the time, but will be viewed as important by everyone in a few decades. Yeah lots of students graduate and think they know everything and are worth a lot. Especially computer science graduates. Maybe. But do it anyway. That way you'll know for sure. Some countries that are kingdoms still refer to the people as 'citizen'. United Kingdom passports says "British citizen" Go for it then. Patrick is making about $4,000 per month. If you think you can do better in 3 days then, you stand to make a fortune. So why haven't you done it? I agree. I would also like to see evidence that porn actresses were sexually abused. I suspect this idea of 'porn stars were all raped' is a way to claim that porn isn't normal, it's a way to claim that only people with stunted and retarted sexualities do porn. That 'normal' people don't do porn cause it's 'unnatural' ("Look only mentally damaged people do it!"). I suspect that people propagate this idea because otherwise they'd have to look at themselves and say "I actually wouldn't like to work in the porn industry", much easier to claim that you're normal and healthy. Exactly, he's my inspiration to make http://www.celtic-knot-creator.com This is worrying. Apple have a history of treating developers badly with the App Store. They might start enforcing that rule someday. It is well-known that all countries has been spying on other countries for a long time. The USA is not special here. Just about all countries spy on each other and have done for millenia. For the user this is easy to copy. For the pirate this is easier to pirate than a mainstream game, since the pirate doesn't have to figure out how to crack it or make a keygen. Instead they just upload the file straight from the company. > What if I "steal" your identity? Technically, you don't lose anything. I am just borrowing your information. Should this be okay too? You can't steal identity. You are instead impersonating someone and you are defrauding someone else. 'identity theft' is a new word for the ancient problem of fraud. I agree, nice way to phrase it. However it seems a little long? Do some A/B testing, see what works Are there any hackerspaces in your area? Modern encryption systems do not fall out of use because computers get faster, it's because new mathematical attacks to the underlying encryption are found, and this makes brute forcing it easier than people thought at the time. In other words, the reason we don't use (say) the MD5 hash system is not because computers are able to break the 32-bit hash system, but because people have discovered flaws in the MD5 algorithm that means it doesn't give '32 bits of strength'. In this case it's not the hardware (CPU clock speed) that gets better, but the software (programmes that break MD5) that gets better. Hence, you could use Moore's Law to predict what computers in 50 years time will be like, but you can't know what mathematical techniques will be like in 10 yet alone 50 years. Your encryption system you use might get broken in 10 years time. Seconded. As a native Dubliner, I am always impressed with how cheap other european cities are when I visit there. Yes OK, a small key size makes brute force more likely. Bruce Schneier wrote about how it's not possible to brute for 256-bit keys. Short section here http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram-9902.html#snakeoil , there's a longer explaination saying you can't even flip all the bits in 256-bit key before the universe expires, but I can't find that at the moment. So once you hit a upper limit (256-bits), you can't brute force anything ever, so faster computers are useless. Algorithms like that get broken by new maths, which could happen at any time, you can't predict it, so you can't rely on it. Another fountain pen lover here. I got a Mont Blanc for a 21st birthday present with a gold nib. However I've ran out of ink and haven't gotten round to getting some more. Joe Soap who donated might not be monitoring, but the media are. Diaspora was mentioned on the New York Times IIRC. They are going to want to do a follow up, even if it's "Facebook 'killer' is a dud" A web proxy might hide your IP address from the original website, however I guess that Google uses cookies to keep track of you. This means a web proxy won't help your privacy, since Google would still have a big record of you, what you buy, what you browse, who you are. I have frequently volunteered out in Africa with Camara ( http://www.camara.ie ), a charity that sends second hand computers to schools in Africa. They are taking the long view of how to help Africa develop as a region, education is the key. Every company says the want to hire the best. A mockup can be a MVP. A MVP is just there to attract potential customers and make them 'sign up' (e.g. an 'I'm interested' email) What's interesting is that Apple's App Review process clearly did not know that that functionality is in the programme. I thought they were supposed to be evaulating and testing apps to ensure they are high quality? Yes harddrives wear out, but you can easily get a new harddrive and copy the stuff across seamlessly. It's like shelves for records. If you shelves that your records are on break, just get some new shelves and copy (i.e. move) your record collection across. The Web is moving to include video. Just look at the tag in HTML5. Sounds like Freenet http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FreeNet No, the number on reason devs like the iphone app store is because it lets people use their software. If it's not on the app store then anyone who hasn't jailbroken their phone (the majority of iphone users), don't see your software at all. Why not buy the non-free plan for a week, then cancel? Or email them. They might use PayPal, perhaps you could transfer money in there if you know the right account. How would a used (as opposed to new) car help? Used cars tend to be old, so would have a lowe fuel consumption than newer cars. Surely the most fuel effecient are the newest cars? It would only be cooler if the shark had a laser beam on it's head. How about Google Insights for Search? http://www.google.com/insights/search/ The European Union has a similar set up (since each country has a different VAT rate). it's simple here. You pay VAT in the country the website is in. If the company has substancial business in another member state, they need to charge that member state's VAT for those purchases (e.g. Amazon.co.uk charges the Irish VAT rate (of 21%) rather than the UK VAT rate of 15% if you are posting to Ireland) I think patio11's list is his customer list. the 50,000 people who have given him money, so that's not 50,000 clicks, that's 50,000 sales. There are usually 2 numbers used to measure the 'accuracy' of a test (be it a "This link will reach the digg front page" or "This person has HIV" etc.). Those numbers are the false positive rate (you said they'd get to the front page, and they didn't), and the false negative rate (you said they wouldn't get to the front page, and they did). It's common for these numbers to be related. Decrease one number and the other goes up. E.g. you could get a 0% false positive rate by just saying "Yes this link will get to the front page" for all pages, however your false negative rate would be massive, about 99.999999% (since you're predicting that every link gets to the front page). This test would be useless because of the high false negative rate. A breakthrough occurs when you are able to have a low false positive and low false negative result. The holy grail of any test is one that would have a 0% false negative and a 0% false positive rate. Usually it's a trade of between false positive and false negative. Most western justice systems would rather a high false negative than a high false positive, "Better 10 guilty men walk free, than 1 innocent man goes to jail". His statement about "63% accuracy" is ambiguous. What is he refering to? What are the false positive and false negative rates? Ireland I believe patio11 did something similar. Made an A/B testing framework to sell bingo cards. He advises doing this http://www.kalzumeus.com/2010/01/24/startup-seo/ I think it's a brilliant idea and plan to copy it (y'know sometime...) If it's open source, anyone can run a "DropBox sever", and charge what they want. This would mean DropBox does all the hardwork and is then undercut by someone else charging less than them. "For instance, the iPhone puts the labels inline with the form element." The 'placeholder' text is a new attribute of HTML5. It allows you to specify the 'inline text'. It's suppored in modern browsers. Reference: http://diveintohtml5.org/forms.html YouTube has ads on videos. It's the same as a TV station airing a pirated DVD and selling the ads My guess is that the nuts and bolts problems aren't actually that big. Most people Just Don't Start™. In case you're interested, OpenStreeMap ( http://www.openstreetmap.org/ ) is a free wiki map of the world. As an option instead of Google Maps. They take bottles of water or cans of coke off you because you might be able to crash a plane with one. They don't take your mobile phone off you, ergo they can't be that dangerous. If you allow forks under a different name, then someone will put it into Linux distros with that name. Just look at Firefox/IceWeasel. Or CentOS I use Chromium installed with apt. All my software on my computer gets updated automatically :) It would be brilliant! If MS did this then IE6 would have dissappeared long ago! You're assuming that each place on the first page gets equal amounts of traffic. The 4th result does not get the same amount of traffic as the 1st result, it gets much much less. Yeah I believe that was lipstick.com. The latest version of HTML has the ability to do offline apps. i.e. you write your application in Javascript as a webapp, and it can run offline. You can store data locally in the browser and get javascript notifications when you are back online so you can sync. How do you convince companies and potential candidates that you know your stuff? If someone pastes an amazon link that doesn't have an affiliate link, then add your affiliate link? Things like that? Another idea: Create a final page for each set of entered text (so that you'd get redirected to onlineqrlab.com/text/hello-this-is-a-test which would have the image), then put some google adwords on that? Programmers have it worse: http://ifaq.wap.org/computers/architects.html The actual images themselves are copyrighted images. However you can copyright a collection of facts, e.g. a phone book. It's the collation of facts that is copyrighted. How much of it you can copy before you get into copyright is up to a judge. From a technical point of view they are the same thing, both are short 'status' updates. However they are used in different ways, by different users for different things. People mostly use twitter as a 'microblog'. It's like a blog, but each 'blog post' is limited to be very small. People use Facebook status updates to tell people what they are doing and to tell their friends things. If I see your facebook updates, you can see mine. Twitter is not like that. Facebook is for socializing, twitter is like newspapers. They are different, ergo it doesn't make sense to make them identical "The GIMP" is a worse name. Yes many of my friends feed their twitter straight to Facebook aswell. It's quite annoying to me. There is a Facebook app to do it. There's another facebook app that will only update your facebook if your tweet contains "#fb", which is a much better way Western Union is aimed at transfering money, not buying/selling goods. I had to transfer money to someone with WU and had to ring them up to verify it. They explicitly asked on the phone if I was sending money in exchange for goods, and that they don't support that, and you shouldn't use WU for that. This is would scare off most customers and is not a good business idea. Ireland also has a 'pension is based on last year's salary' for many public sector workers. Google Spreadsheet? I would guess "website number" does mean the web address. My 50 year old landlady gave me her "email number". I'd also saw Patrick is talking about 2 different browsers on the same computer. "don't talk to each other" probably means they don't share cookies. If the user logs into one website with one browser, then the other browser doesn't become aware of each other. Clearly the 2 browsers don't talk to each other. X11 is horrible on OSX. Applications that use it (e.g. The GIMP on OSX), are terrible and have many usability flaws, such as no clipboard between an X11 application and a normal application. > Perhaps it stems from Apple's claim that Flash is bad for battery life. This can matter even when there aren't obvious Flash widgets on pages you visit. Flash is used for ads and any number of tracking processes. If that's true, it still doesn't help mot users. I would guess that most users will install Flash pretty quickly after getting their laptop. They will then be subject to flash on all webpages, negating any battery savings. In Ireland, these kinds of tax breaks are one of the foundations of our economy. They aren't viewed as a way to give a hand out to the big companies, but as a way to create jobs. This article mentions that 2,000 people are employed in Google Dublin. Given Microsoft, Amazon, Intel, IBM and Sun also operate, there's easily 10,000+ people employed thanks to our low tax rate. There are only 1,000,000 people employed in Ireland (small country), so the loss of these 10,000+ jobs (~1%+ of all employees) would be massive. Ireland has very little industry, very little traditional ways to grow the economy. We all know if it wasn't for the tax breaks these companies wouldn't be here, and that there'd be loads of people out of work. Ireland's current financial problems are probably due to the property bubble. However there's been massive unemployment (it's tripled in 3 years to 14%), do you really think the government are going to force all these high tech jobs out of the country now? I'd rather not have it. I tried running OpenOffice under X11, and the fact that I couldn't copy and paste text around the place did my head in, and I couldn't use it. There was a large bank bailout, due to how much the banks had invested in property. A large percentage of government income (around 25%) came from 'Stamp Duty', the tax you must pay when you buy a house. When the property market collapsed, the government was getting less money that it was used to. i.e. the collapse of the property market increased government spending/debt and decreased government income. The point is U2 try to get people to be less selfish and more giving, all the while exploiting what they can to keep more of their money > At the peak of the bubble, something like one-in-seven people were employed by the construction industry, either directly or indirectly Actually according to the CSO ( http://www.cso.ie/releasespublications/documents/constructio... ) in 2007 13.5% of the working population were employed in the construction sector. That's almost 1 in 7 people directly employed in construction. Actually, I'm not connected to the original 'technomancy'. I've never met the guy. I just liked the domain name (from reading Neal Stephenson's Cryptonomicon), and it's my personal domain name. I think 'technomancy' is on ' http://technomancy.us . I didn't know Disqus was messing up the display in FF. I've fixed it now. I should have fixed the veen diagrams/disqus bug on FF now. People are linking to the site themselves to share the results. No sock puppets here. "Why is my (dog|cat|girlfriend) so..." http://www.technomancy.org/google-suggest-venn/#start=Why+is... that blockage is done periodically (once a year?), so that the parking lot does not become a road by fiat. This from a common law doctrine that makes private roads public rights of way. It must be blocked off one day per year to prevent it becoming a public right of way. Once it's a public right of way it's really hard to make it private again, it must be unused for 7 years or something. Saying "HTML5 Video" is misleading. There is no video encoding format for HTML5 video in the html5 spec. I could be using Firefox, which supports html5 video, go to a site that has html5 video in h264 format, then I can't see it, despite me using a html5 browser and the video being a html5 video. Yes that's a fair assumption for the moment. It'll be interesting to see what happens with WebM Look at the browser stats (You do have google analytics (or similar) installed). Then make a business decision if you want to exclude x% of yoru customers. It might make business sense What makes you think Microsoft and Apple won't support WebM? My hope is that WebM takes off and becomes really popular. Then they would be fools to not support it. Social Network sites have come and gone, e.g. MySpace, Bebo, etc. Lock-in to social network sites isn't so big a deal. Also, people might want to change from Facebook, now that their employers and parents are on it. I think the law of the mother country applies on the boat. i.e. a boat flying an english flag is subject to english law on the boat. If you have your own boat, fly a pirate flag instead (i.e. not a member of any country), then you can make your own rules. However other countries might sink you. 5,000 is still a very large number of real life friends. It would be interesting if they limited it to a small number, maybe 20, forcing you to choose your closest. Incidentally, are there any programmes that can scan your python functions and suggest improvements that are in this article? e.g. any programme that'll suggest referencing global names to the local namespace, using map etc.? I agree that it's the size of your market that's important. However if a large percentage of Android users can't or don't access the market (because of old software), then your market is not as large as it could be, and that is not ideal. Contribute to OSS is good for your CV as a way to separate you from the loads of CS graduates who are not passionate about programming. There are people who have CS degrees who can't programme. If you have contributed to OSS then you are probably not one of them. Oh? Do you have a source? "meta-knowledge" is called epistemology. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epistemology Registered post is much muc less ignorable than email. "I didn't get that email" is an excuse they might give, but you can't say that with registered post. For the sake of $6 it's worth it. Exactly my point. If you had sent them an email, then they could keep claiming they never got it. Registered post is an ace up your sleeve that you can pull out when you want to catch them with their pants down. You now have record of them misleading you. If this goes before a judge, that counts against them, since they are playing dirty. Registered Post saved the day, all for $6. I'm sure all the fancy wall street trading companies have or are doing exactly that What do you use to sell ads? How did you get users? Did you do any promotion or marketing? Or did you just upload to the android market with a 'build it and they will come' attitude? > How do you get away with none of this in Python? It's optional. You don't have to catch any exceptions (unlike java), however if you want to you can catch, separately, any one of the dozen exceptions that could be raised (IOError, permission error, memory error etc.). One reason I love python is that the common use case is easy. 90% of times people read from files they don't need to handle every exception there and then, ergo python makes that possible. This makes python much more enjoyable, productive and easy to use. Although a mass resistance would work, it's unlikely to happen, since it requires a large change in attitude and behaviour of a large percentage of the population. It doesn't matter that they are "just doing their jobs". They have choosen to work there, they have signed up for what their employer does. If they don't like it then they should quit. If a large percentage of their staff are unhappy and complain, then they might change it Maybe it's intended as SEO spam, but the people who wrote it made a mistake? Surely their best customers will already be paying separately for the products individually? How does charging them less for the same increase the amount of money they are going to get from these customers? Great idea. Let me know if you do that. One could extend it so that it could find users with similar interests. You would probably need a 'down vote' button to say "I'm not interested in this" Google Adsense? Look at the embed code at the very bottom. It links to another website using terms like "free website builder". They are hoping people will copy & paste that code around. This means people will link to their website with terms that they want. Somebody might be emotionally devastated by that sort of behaviour. Especially someone who had suffered a very emotional experience, such as sexual assault/rape. It's an apt description. If you could do this, then you can establish a currency coversion between USD and bitcoins. i.e. "You give me X dollars, i'll spin up my EC2 instances and give you Y bitcoins". This is essentially a forgein exchange rate and you have established the exchange rate. And if you find someone offering USD in exchange for bitcoins, and they give you more USD per coin, then you can use arbitrage to exploit the difference in price and turn this into a magic USD making machine. There is a crypto-currency like Bitcoin that operates on the gold standard, eCache ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECache ). They operate on the tor network. You can see a photo of their gold supply ( https://ffij33ewbnoeqnup.onion.meshmx.com/audit/current.png ) How do they 'increase the difficulty'? Get an instance with a lot of memory and the use a tmpfs? The hardest part is not the technology, but getting it all legal and accepted by the music companies. How much of clickthrough were because of the desire to donate, and how many were people misssing the tiny X close button? They don't go starting wars. How is this tech related? Surely a copyright law, or software patents law would be much more 'tech related' Iraq and Afghanistan. Both started by the USA. I went to your website and I have no idea what it's about. All I see (on the home page) is a "Login" or "Register" button. Your tagline is "Ridiculusly easy filesharing", but I can already share files with people via email or Facebook, why should I use your site? You need to sell me on your site. The vast majority of men can't programme either. As long as there were procedures to ensure that the badges are only worn on the job, false positives shouldn't be an issue. And that's how your false positives happen. How many people would have to wear dosimetres? Would they be mandatory? How many people per year will leave them at home and borrow their workmate's dosimeter so the boss doesn't give out? How many will drive home in their uniforms? Go to the shops in their uniforms? There are loads of ways for errors to happen. Nuclear reactors are (I'm guessing) very strict on their policys, it's foolish to extrapolate that to airport workers. Gotta have some milk in your tea. ☺ They used the Klingon alphabet, which is nothing like the latin alphabet Perhaps a more accurate metaphore would be "Internet Passport". Government's can't take it away and it has no real entitlements. However Jeff Atwood is from the USA which has a strangley low number of passport holders. Perhaps they are used to using a driving licence instead of passport as general ID. The UK Government They they should only have ads on for X days out of the year. Adjust X depending on how much money you get from ads and how much money you need. America is not as lingusitically diverse as Europe. The difference between 2 American english accents might be similar to the difference between 2 English accents, but there are dozens of languages in europe. You're comparing the whole of the US to one part of EU. .onion ? (i.e. the tor network) I don't know the maths behind it, but as far as I onow, yes you can go ahead and start generating them. You have to reverse some washes, ie it's CPU bound, which is how the scarcity comes in. > funeral wreaths (I'm not sure whether this is what they actually called in English) Yes that's the right word. It's not uncommon in Ireland for crosses or headstones to be placed on the roadside where people have died. The solution is to not let the private company get a commission. It should be a flat fee. Ireland recently outsourced some 'speed vans' to catch people speeding. They went to great pains at launch to point out the company wasn't getting commission. The best way to measure the effect of speed cameras on speeding to have some hidden cameras monitoring the section of road, recording speeds. Motorists should not be able to see them. Then collect some baseline data. Then install the speed camera. Collect more data (from the original camera). Compare the two. This video presents a neat idea, however they haven't explained their method. So we don't know how they arrived at the "22% reduction" conclusion. * Was there a speed camera visible to motorists on that stretch of road before this experiment? If not, people might be slowing down because they are now passing a speed camera. * What time of year was the before and after done? From the video it looks like Scandanavia. Was the after section during the winter and the before during the summer? People would (I assume) adjust their driving speed based on weather conditions, which might explain the reduction. etc. I am looking at my apache access logs, and clicking to my site from a search query and I can't see the 'cd' / rank parameter. Does this work for other people? If you want to share files, an EC2 instance is overkill. Instead you should use S3. It even comes with built in automatic free bittorrent to spread your load. Using S3 torrents wouldn't help you seed, since you'd have to use the same tracker (original) as everyone else. Sure, but you then need to get everyone else downloading the (original) torrent to download and use your new torrent. The new amazon torrent might split the file into differently sized chunks compared to the original. In short, you'd need to get all original downloads/uploaded to use your new torrent. I heard it was free to go to. Friend of mine went and got the free tablet and everything. Technically you are goverened by the law of Ireland, not the EU (per se). However someone else pointed out they are hosted in us-west And even in this specific case, in espionage cases, the US can choose to prosecute and basically abduct anyone in the world they want, provided they're willing to put up with the political consequences. The people who abducted the suspect might be operating under USA law, and they might not be guilty when they go to the USA. However just because it's legal to do it in USA doesn't mean it's legal in the country they do it in. They would still be breaking the law in that country. Would you like if a person broke a USA law while in the USA and then said "But it's OK, it's legal under Irish law?" Yes Ryanair almost pride themselves on being rude. They customer service response is that you can coy someone else if you don't pike them. However they are ridiculously cheap. I was in a long distance relationship with someone in a different country 300km away. We saw each other almost every weekend or second weekend thanks to Ryanair. Return international flight frequently cost €30, sometimes less. I have more than once had a flight cost €0.01, including all taxes/charges. Ryanair are rude and uncaring, but damn, they made flights cheap amd available. Isn't that (parsing and formatting text) exactly what perl was created for? Perl is the DSL you talk about. they keep their exact algorithm hidden They didn't keep the exact algorithm hidden, they kept the whole algorithm hidden. They didn't even describe it in general. Or the doctor was splitting the clock in half hour chunks (or similar). "born at 3am" probably means "born between 2:45am and 3:15am". If a baby was born at 3:02am, the next day they will say "I got no sleep, a baby was born at 3am last night!". Although A/B testing is very likely, how would you measure success/failure? "Person took x sec to see 'New York'" ? How do you measure that? A lot of complaints about sexism in FLOSS conference mainly refer to sexual references, or (semi-)pornography. If you want to have a professional conference, then yes you should have a 'no sex' policy. However, are women really that anti-sex? The fact that the HN submission says "Gorgeous HTML5" is also evidence that this is aimed at Apple users. But Chrome is not a beautiful app. That's an important distinction to make. Beautiful is not the same thing as UI. Many many people see something pretty and think that it therefore has great UI. However UI is more than the colours (though that's important), it's things like discoverability, predicatability, etc. I read that article. It seems quite biased against the 'sex is beautiful' idea. That's a great idea. You can target it to job seekers ("Improve your CV") and employeers ("Find better employees"/"Know who they are before you hire them"). You don't need an EBS to run an instance on EC2. You can just run the instance as normal. It has a root filesystem, you can write to it etc. However if you stop the instance, then all your changes are lost. The EBS is only needed if you actually need disk space. The same caveat about bandwidth usage applies to EC2. You have to pay (twice in & out) for EC2 traffic. I've downloaded Angry Birds on Android and seen the ads. I'm very surprised at the irrevancy of the ads, a memorable one was a Romanian programming outsource company. How is that relevant to the game? AdMob is owned by Google, who are very good at making contextual relevant ads on webpage, how come AdMob ads are so rubbish? I envisage a system where a few dozen independent organisations around the World run the root. They all have the same data. If any of them modify their local copy of the data or try to poison the distributed data, their trusted status is revoked. So what happens if someone attacks/compromises more than half of these trusted nodes at once with bad data? Is the bad data then the good data Or use unison, which is similar to rsync, but works 'both ways' They mention how 'open' it is, however I want to know about the DRM of it? IMHO you can't be fully open with DRM. Or Google could release the books in DRM free format. Then it'll work on Kindle. What's "the scientific method" you speak of? There main idea behind scientific reasoning is "Look for evidence to test things, don't be afraid to challenge the big boys" Another annoyance with unison is that you must have the same version of unison on both hosts. It's a pain if you have (say) 2 different releases of ubuntu. Do you think it's implausible that Apache could fork Java I thought Apache already did that, that's how the Apache Harmony project started. This was all done before Java was open source and one needed a 'free as in speech' java. One very on-topic part of this wikileaks saga is Amazon and PayPal's reactions. If you are running your start up on them, you have to be careful now. Sounds like Google are trying the "Developers Developers Developers" stragegy from Microsoft. Google App Engine is similar, but not identical to normal Django. Canonical are a for-profit company IIRC, however they are not publically traded and not "cash flow positive" ;) Some frameworks take care of this automatically. Mango has an excellent library called South that does exactly this. It keep tracks of migrations and it can automatically detect nearly all migrations. It's much easier than doing it all by hand. Nag, its not that easy to move from normal django to gae. A better way to do heroku-for-django would be do do heroku for django, instead of a complicated gae translation. Using gae you are limited and reliant on Google Damn you autocorrect!!! s/Mango/Django/ Danny you autocorrect on my Android So what about the Open Source Software that are products? Having multiple sites is genius. It's great market segmentation. * the government is learning what the music and movie industries were forced to learn years ago: it's easy to copy and distribute digital files. That's what's different between the 1970s and today. Amassing and releasing that many documents was hard in the paper and photocopier era; it's trivial in the Internet era. * Great point. If you're interested in 'how the internet/computers change things that were impossible/hard', then I recommend Here Comes Everybody by Clay Shirkey. Does anyone know how much they make from the paid for iOS version? So in essense, they are getting approximately the same revenue from iOS's 'purchase the app' as from Android 'ad revenue' model. Interesting, thanks. It might be within Quora's contract, but, damn it jim, it's just not ethical! The poster is in the European area. Very few pirates in that part of the world. The downsides are that it's cold in the winter Can you not sail south for winter to the Medditterranian? South of France or Italy would be a nice warm place to overwinter. Sturgeon's Law: 90% of everything is crap. The more important metric is to measure is how good the top 10% (of each) is. Programming is a rare and economically valuable skill. It's hard to train people to be programmers. If you are interested in learning more actual logic, and scientific reasoning, I suggest Bad Science by Ben Goldacre, a book about pseudoscience. The author explains some flaws in some bad science in popular culture, and by learning from him you can learn how to critique bad logic. BitCoin is not backed by the trust of a government, correct. However it is supposed to be computationally hard to generate them. So its bales by your faith that someone hadn't made a big breakthrough in computer science. Bitcoins sound interesting, however I don't like the fixed 21 million limit, which the bitcoin community seem to promote. A fixed limit means all the people who got started early and have thousands of bitcoins will then be very rich and wealthy in this new currency. Sounds like bitcoin community has a lot of the "inflation is bad, back to the gold standard" pseudoeconomists The holy grail for deployment is push-on-gree Never heard of this before, it sounds cool. What is different about Bitcoin is that the amount of it will be fixed, therefore no monetary inflation is really possible. However there's another problem, deflation . The people who get in there first and generate loads of BitCoins will gradually get richer and richer if they just sit on their money and don't trade it. It seems unfair that someone who got in first gets to be rich in this new bitcoin world. I'm waiting for the next set of excuses. I use an operating system (Ubuntu Linux) that doesn't support the main digital music download software and live in a country (Ireland) where choice is limited. There are easily a billion people who can't legally purchase mainstream american music. Yes the kid 'outs' her, however she also digs her own grave and makes some points that can easily be used to justify book piracy. e.g. “Pirated handbags? Yes, I do buy them,” she said. “I feel that the genuine Prada bags have such an inflated price.” and “You have a pirated MP3 collection,” Jo added, helpfully. “We copied the first 1500 songs from one place and 300 from another.” “Yes,” admitted Ragbe. “There were a lot of things on the iPod.” So, there's no way I can purchase music then? So there's nothing unethical about me pirating, then? Since it can't be a lost sale? That argument doesn't fly with the people who own the copyright and your argument doesn't fly with me. But software development is the same freaking business model, but for some reason we don't collectively take a stand against piracy. Free Software/Open Source. There is a large amount of software developers who have a completly different attitude from the music industry towards people digitally copying stuff. Disappointed to see "Teh Womenz" on there - is it so inconceivable that someone wanting to be a hacker is a woman? Or not into women? Agreed. A better wording would be "Don't forget to develop romantic/sexual relationships with other people, don't spend all your time in front of a computer" I realized that a lot of accounts are tied to peoples' real names (and professional lives). So there's a filter that keeps people from discussing anything outside of politically-correct, nice-guy stereotypical talking points The tied-to-real-name affect has advantages. It prevents the "Greater Internet Fuckwad Effect" ( http://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2004/03/19/ ): "Normal Person + Anonymity + Audience = Total Fuckwad" Don't use MD5. This only gets faster, not slower. No matter how much you salt your passwords, soon they will be able to crack your passwords fast enough. And soon there will be rainbow tables of salts. I suspect tptacek will come in with some sound advise. But bcrypt seems to be the way forward. cf. http://codahale.com/how-to-safely-store-a-password/ It would require nothing more then the browsers to implement it in the same way Oh dear. That'll never happen (examples: CSS, Html5 video, Javascript), which means this idea is dead in the water. My prediction: After there are loads of MD5 rainbow tables with all the passwords a human could use, people will make rainbow tables with salts. First one byte of salt, then two. Granted this gets exponentially harder, but eventually it'll be close. If you use a salt you could still do this 'attack. SELECT username FROM users WHERE password = HASH(salt||'secret'); This is academic because you already know the password ('secret'). Salts make rainbow tables (essentially precomputed hash values of (say) all english words) hard and infesiable. When some of my readers began checking their Kindle archives for books of mine they’d purchased on Amazon, they found them missing from their archives I think Amazon (and any bookseller) should be allowed to sell or not sell any sort of book they want. However deleting already paid for books that your customers have bought from their devices is totally unethical IMO. Test everything? :P Or "Over 65s get 10% discount on thursdays" type thing. I'm not sure I follow. How does asking "Please confirm that you are authorised to receive proceedings on behalf of your client" frighten people? Or threathen to tell the persons' children's school. "Did you know the parent of $CHILD reads about incest?" Credit cards are great for protecting the customer from that sort of scam. You could get an eReader for the hardware and then pirate books? No DRM. You would probably get a better customer experience. Hitler was the person of the year for 1938 Some other notable choices: Joseph Stalin, 1939 Ayatollah Khomeini, 1979 Probably not an American Film studio. I believe it's possible to do this with the Kindle DRM books with the Kindle application. I would not do it, since I don't want to financially help anyone who sells DRM. I would like to see a DRM-free world. That's not going to happen if I pay for it. * I don't see where's the incentive for them to behave like this.* They almost certainly get more money. They are selling the budget chickens to the budget customers at a profit. They are getting the same chickens at a larger profit to other people. If you knew of a flaw like this, you could probably get more than $300 for it. Why was piracy a more predictable force than social applications? People have been copying stuff online for years ("Don't copy that floppy"). However very few people thought "grandmas and 14 year old girls" would be getting online to chat and hangout. I'd argue that something like Reddit (and even HN, at times) is a modern person's version of a TV -- endless streams of interesting/useful information that can be consumed to no end Good point. One great advantage of Internet vs. TV is that reddit/HN is 2 way and user generated and there are much less central authorities than TV. The labels are choosen automatically by software. It is a bit of an outstanding issue has to how to make that work correctly with USA cities. The whole data set is a wiki, anyone can edit anything. It's not obvious how to place the labels in an objective manner. This brilliant video shows what it would be like if this practice was common in other industries. http://www.dump.com/2010/12/13/the-vendor-client-relationshi... Read about patio11. He made a webapp to make bingo cards online. http://www.kalzumeus.com/ Schneier's argument is that openness shouldn't work both ways: Privacy has to be viewed in the context of relative power. For example, the government has a lot more power than the people. So privacy for the government increases their power and increases the power imbalance between government and the people; it decreases liberty ... Privacy for the people increases their power. It also increases liberty, because it reduces the power imbalance between government and the people For the record bash has the smart tab completion turned on by default now. (At least it does in my Ubuntu machine) The linked article just states "Yes the mormon church know SEO". Does anyone know what techniques they use? How do you know they "know SEO". Details please! Is NumPy the best way to do recommendation engines in Python? Has anyone done a recommendation library? I still try to optimise for readability, simplicity and elegance in my code. That's a good goal. One advantage of Python is that indentation etc. are required . You can't take a 'short cut' and write messy code, cause your code won't run. Code in a more productive (i.e. higher level) language is concise because it hides extra complexity you don't need to think about at the time, and is therefore simpler, not more complex (in the second sense). Another example of where this is true is automatic memory management. A line of Java code can do all the memory management that would take many lines in C. This is a mostly good thing. In this case, less lines = better. I'm sure we all have horror stories like this. And we all wonder why the phone companies/ISPs don't hire technical people (like us) to do tech support, it would be so much easier! However can you imagine being a front line tech support person? You'd hate it. People ringing you up the when the cat knocks their cable out. You'll spend all day telling people to turn it off and turn it on again, and that'll work for 50% of people who call you. Front line tech support treat you like you know nothing about computers because most of their customers know nothing about computers. Sitting around a conference table with physical files is a far traditional way to collaborate than doing it all electronically OK, fair enough. So why don't they just print the whole thing? Some submissions will be on 2 pages? Sounds better than truncating it. Well it shows that bash has the ability to customise the tab completion. I think this is a new feature of bash. Before that file-completion was hardcoded in. This is inspired by the recent Wikileaks censoring, however it doesn't solve the problem they had. This scheme seems to make it hard for someone to interstate another site, however that wasn't wikileaks' problem, their problem was that people were able to shut down their hosting. They basically say they need DRM, but its impossible to have a DRM system that is also an open webstandard. I wonder do wikileaks accept bitcoins. And if so, does they then sell those bitcoins for dollars/euro to raise money? Not necessarily; the server providing the video can look at your authentication cookie and the current timestamp, and decide whether to send you video or not. Although that's true. It would be trivial for someone to publish, say, a Firefox extension that saves all the video to your harddisk as you watch it. If that happens the suits and lawyers will get very upset. They'd almost certainly change it from the open web standard. This means it'd be impossible to have a web standard with DRM. So customers watch it illegitimately. Piracy has made the content network capitalistic and is pro-consumer. It gives consumers choice and options. you must both lock up the data so that the user can't "steal" it and give them the key so they can watch the movie. All DRM is like that. All DRM tries to both give you the locked up content, give you the key and hide the key so you can't get it. It always fails. What they are pushing is the definition of an open standard. My guess is that people kept asking them about HTML5, so they have written this press release saying why they don't use it. DRMed content are usually restrictied to certain regions. The USA usually gets it first, other countries later, if at all. A DRMed system is not in the interest of consumers of non-USA countries, since it will limit their choice and make them second class citizens. Piracy has done wonders for consumers in non-USA countries. We no longer have to wait 1 or 2 years after films come out in the USA before they are shown in European cinemas. Google has this problem on the web. Sites that duplicate other sites, etc. Linkfarms, etc. They are very good at weeding them out and getting rid of them algorithmicly. Why can't they do the same with the android market? Piracy is good for the customer. A pirated ebook has none of this restrictions. It's simply a better product. I tried using Hyde, the python port, but I wasn't sure how to get half of it to work, there was so little documentation. In theory yes. However since that address gets a lot of spam, it's quite unlikely that that email address is looked at. RFC are a good guide, but the community has mostly dropped that webmaster@ convention. There's evidence on both sides This is usually a phrase that's used to shut down scientific research. Although one can find evidence for almost everything, it's entirely permissable, and good to try to balance up all the evidence and figure out which side is more correct. Wikipedia isn't really decrentralised. It's all centralised in wikipedia.org. It's not easy to 'fork it off'/. It should instead be a strong password that you can actually remember. I agree that in theory a strong password one can remember is more secure than a randomly generated password that you have to write down. However in practice, people just choose easy to guess passwords, or reuse the same password everywhere. That's a larger security problem, so the random passwords are more secure in practice. xmlstarlet is a great commanding tool for manipulating xml data. It's like sed/awk/grep for xml You could legally commit all your works to the public domain in 28 years? Yes the LoTR films would be under new copyright. However the original books would be free. You would not be forking the film, but the book. But isn't the referral header and search terms good for the webmaster? It allows them to customize the website for their customers and allows them to find out what their customers are looking for. On2 created what is now called WebM, a video code that Google is promoting instead of H264. Google (and others, pike Gorilla) believe that h264 is patent encumbered and not in keeping with the web's open nature. This is why FireFox doesn't play h264. By put purchasing On2 and releasing WebM, Google is trying to prevent video on the web from being controlled by one patent pool. They paid all that money to try to protect the web's openness. If would cost a lot of money to go up against the big G. The only people who win are the lawyers, I'll bet Google has lots of experience defending trademark lawsuits. This links to a detailed and technical bug report. Does anyone have any examples of this new CSS gradient goodness? You can scale up databases, set up mysql replication, most of the queries on a page will be reads, just have multiple read only slave machines. I would have thought the popularity of IE6 is not because of an advanced business features that Chrome can compete on, but is instead due to legacy OS, and legacy web applications that only work on IE6. An "IE6 compatibility mode" for Chrome anyone? Easy, all you have to do is reproduce the entireity of IE6 in Chrome. Every little undocumended feature, quirk and difference. And it's all a black box cause IE6 is closed source. Good luck with that. :P IE is at insane levels in South Korea (94%) I believe that's because all online banks don't use SSL/HTTPS, but instead some different encryption standard, which is only available as an ActiveX plugin, i.e. Internet Explorer only. This is not really a truely free market where people can change. Interesting difference: Amazon set the price of the app, not you. Did you make your employer aware of the changes openly? You should always make the employeer aware of the changes. You can't just sneak some clause in there and hope they don't notice. In theory everyone should read everything before they sign anything. However you have a much stronger case if the employeer initials the changed section to show they are aware of it. In some areas "public good" can override things aswell A constrained view frustrum might be a deliberate game choice. I know I was taking the bus to the library when I was 8 or 9 and the train into town when I was 10, and that wasn't strange in the slightest. Parental attitudes have changed since you were a child. A power line? Like electric power? So all we need to do is switch to electric cars? How's that going? But isn't most public transport essentially big cars? (i.e. busses) As for 'clever urban planning', that's not possible without getting people used to living in smaller houses or on top of each other. It will almost certainly be possible for technical folks like us to bypass their filters but that will still exclude about 99% of their customers. That 99% will probably grudgingly pay the few dollars more and complain about phone companies screwing them again. So in short, you can get some SEO juice by doing the Australian equivalent of this. :P Correct. However there are people who will say there is no correlation between degree and salary. This proves otherwise. A teacher whose students consistently perform below grade level, but who jump 2 or 3 grade levels under her teaching (in the course of a year) is probably not a bad teacher. Easy, reward the improvement in test results, not the test results. This could also encourage good teachers to go to lower performing schools (since they might see the largest gain (and hence pay rise) there). for one, do we have a hidden reserve of these "excellent teachers", and if so, can we convince them to leave their more lucrative jobs elsewhere? Yes, pay them more. If you are very skilled at mathematics or engineering, you might be a good maths teacher. However you can get much better money working in Google, than working as a teacher. So pay maths teachers Google level salaries. You would have to pay teachers different amounts depending on what they teach. Why? What's wrong with student tests? What would you suggest? I think your point was that "middle aged women" don't know any of this. No. The web (and computers) should adapt to us, humans. Not the other way around. If people want to search for a question, then that's the correct way to search. The reason 'spammy' sites show up high for that query is because they are better at knowing what people are searching for . This would be a temporary fix. Spammy sites would move to a non-AdSense platform, and in Google eyes would appear to be totally ad-free. APT/synaptic etc. don't 'auto-update' installed software. Some manual intervention is required. However it's possible to update all your software in one go, with one command. That's a great feature. That never happens. Unless you start mucking around yourself. Bottom line: vaccines are good for society but fault lines occur because vaccines are not always good for individuals Bottom line: vaccines are good for society but fault lines occur because some vaccines are not always good for individuals, however the MMR vaccine has been found completly safe. The examples you cite are mostly about physical actions (e.g. eating), your advice to adapt yourself to the world is sound because we can't change how the world and physics and matter work. However a search engine is a totally non-physical thing. Software has no body and essentially no limits like a pen does. We can make software do anything we want (almost). We can try to make software that understand how people ask questions. That's what we should do. A better example would be languages. They are entirely intellectual and change all the time. Don't like speaking a certain way? Then change it, and it might take off! No reason to limit us all to Latin, we've invented all the other languages. Merit-based pay will never work as long as the unions and clueless administrators are in control. Agreed. Sadly. :( Yes most of these are just tweaks. "How much reward for a X% increase?" "How much reward for an increase from Y% to Z%" etc. This can easily be adapted as time goes. Rewarding teachers who work in poor performing (and usually more difficult) schools? Sounds like a benefit to me. The rest is little details and tweaks. I agree we should reward teachers who maintain good grades. Who says that? The original post has some quotes that say that, e.g.: "A degree in English is just as valuable as a degree in Biology — it teaches you critical thinking!" they will price things to maximize Amazon's income, not mine But, I assume, Amazon and the developer split the sale price? If so, then the more money amazon make, the more money you make, right? Surely the alternative is to sell it on your website like how Mac developers have ben doing for years? so that they can avoid gcc 4.3+, when it went GPLv3. It was hard enough for them before: gcc was the one place they have been unable to redact and hoard their ARM contributions, but with GPLv3 the situation becomes untenable for them. How come GPLv3 (as opposed to GPLv2) is not in Apple's liking? Can't it be re-released under dual licenses? In theory, yes. However you need to track down every contributor and get them to agree to the new licence. It's a logistically hard thing and might not even succeed. Currency is based on your belief that the mint won't print lots of money. If you do that, the money becomes worthless. Like in Zimbabwe. It's because all cryptography was done (almost) by hand and most importantly the people trying to break it were only really using metal methods. Nowadays people use computers to break your codes, so your code has to be much more complicated. The only way to do that is with a computer. Codes are an arms race. No I don't think so. Everwhere else on the world is GSM. That confused me when I first read about USA mobile phones, I wondered what this CDMA thing was. Or another way to view it is that 30% support html5 video with WebM They won't change it for openness reasons, but they will change it if 80% of their visitors support WebM and not h264. It happened before. How longer were people forced to design web pages for ie6 due to its market share. Google were also opposed to a format in the spec, they claimed ogg theora was too large in file size. Why do you think they bought On2 and released WebM in the first place? There already was a free video code theora before. Very misleading. It highlights Ireland as a CDMA country (there's a trial apparently) However if you had a CDMA mobile phone, it won't work in Ireland. There's a chance they might be sold out. The reason why they are there because there were no installable apps at that time. So now that there are installable apps, they can be removed, right? No they can't. Do they think an informed user is going to spend all this time trying to remove crapware he obviously doesn't want to use and finally give up and say "Ah well, you win verizon. $25 worth of hip-hop ringtones please." No I doubt an informed user would say that. But a non-technical user might. And they get money for that. Think of it like the ads on Google's result page The ads on Google's result page bring in about 75% of their revenue. If it's like that for telecos and crapware, they no wonder they don't want to lose it. Fink, MacPorts, Homebrew, etc. That's part of the problem IME. I want to install something, OK, I have to check Fink, it's not there, let's check macports, ah it's there. But it depends on something else, so it needs to download that. I have that installed with fink, but it needs its own version in it's own place (/usr/local, vs. /opt IIRC). It's not as easy and seamless as having one place you can get all your software. Apt also has a much larger number of software available than fink and macports. Are there people who seriously just go to college for 4 years and learn coding like accounting and then just do a 9-5 job? Yep. I went to college with people who didn't like programming. Their data connection will still work on the train or out and about. Obviously. It'll be like a mobile phone now, works everywhere (more or less). Friend of mine was trying to fix an ancient computer that had a 5¼" floppy drive. He thought it was a slot loading CD drive. The CD is stuck in there now. You're dreaming if you think Apple is going to add WebM hardware decoding support to iPhones. You're dreaming if you think Apple could ignore WebM if it became the de facto web video standard. It all depends if WebM becomes that popular. I think this is on HN, not because of Apple, but because many people here like creating new stuff. Advise on how to create something innovative is valuable here. Define "win" :) Make money. Huh? IE6 is a browser not a standard. "Works on IE6" is a type of HTML/CSS/JS that works on IE6. People had to make websites to work on IE6. That meant new features of the web (HTML, JS & CSS) could not be used because they didn't work on IE6. I've working in small tech companies and have used my personal laptop as a work machine, so in theory I'm not opposed to it. But if you want to mandate it, I get to choose the OS and I get root. As far as I'm concerned that's a deal breaker. Dont tell me that I have to pay for my own laptop and then mandate what OS I run. You want to control what OS, you pay for it. Yes. Safari is a minor browser. Tiny market share. If YouTube and all online video is WebM, then iOS will have no way to play 99% of videos (no flash remember). Apple can't afford for ipad to be "the device that doesn't play videos" If WebM takes off Apple will have to add support. Otherwise the ipad will be "that thing that doesn't play videos" Theres a great programme called checkinstall that gets you 90% there. Rather than running 'make install' run 'checkinstall', or rather than 'sudo python installscript.pt', run 'sudo checkinstall python installscript.py' For the record I don't think the FSF asks that all GPL software gets assigned to them. However for all GNU software (bash, gcc etc) They want copyright assignment. It's not far off that now. One annoyance at the moment is that loads of books are just scans of pages in a pdf. So they aren't computer readable text, no searching, no font size chasing, no reflowable text. It's a pain by eventually Oct will get good enough. I don't know of any specific ones. I just use Demoinoid mostly. Yes, The Kindle can read PDFs. (I recently got a Kindle 3). However it's a second class reading experience. You can't change the font size (you can zoom in/out) etc. It's easy to convert a normal 'text pdf' to an ebook format suitable for Kindle (cf. http://www.technomancy.org/kindle/convert-books-to-kindle-fo... ). If it's a PDF of scanned images from a book, then you'll need some OCR stuff. Market Segmentation. You can charge a really cheap price for the unedited one. It'll be the bargin basement cheap version. People who wouldn't buy the €10 one will buy a €2 one. People who can afford €10 will buy a fancy edited one and feel superior. With 100,000 apps, the majority of apps aren't in the Top 100. This means this pro-piracy approach will probably increase sales for the majority of apps. With Apple's DRM and control of the App Store they could probably create a 'refund within 7 days' thing. Actually I wonder how you get your 7 day refund for online orders under EU law with the appstore. Anyone any experience with it? Don't forget people who don't know what the address bar is. They will Google "www.companyname.com". For years the majority of the web uses were using an archaic browser (ie6) and the web flourished. Not all teachers are created equal. Your pro small classes point applies if all teachers are just as good. However if one teacher teaches 60,000 people, you can pick the best teacher in the city. If one teacher teaches 20 then 20 students get the best teacher, and the other 59,980 dont. Instead of just hiring the top 1 teacher, you must now hire the top 3,000 teachers. The average skill of the top 3,000 will heavily affect the average level of teaching of the whole 60,000 students. If you doubled all class sizes you might be able to double the quality of teaching. automatic scaling would be a good benchmark for the true definition of cloud. You can do this with EC2. You can set up monitors based on CPU usage over a time period and it'll start new nodes if required. S3 is 'autoscaling' for serving files. Just upload your files and pay for what you use. The author recommends using protocol-less urls for content, but do they actually work in most browsers? Most js include this use js to determine the http vs https part of the url. Google analytics does this. Not necessarily. If you have a popular website you can put all your images and big content on S3 and just include the URLs in your HTML. It'll magically automatically scale then. The memory should be filled up. With file system cache etc. The Skype plugin adds much less functionality to the browser than flash. I too am jealous. Fair play. That is many commands, but it's only one line. And there's something in the inner-sysadmin in me that sees "curl http://example.com/foo.sh && ./foo.sh" and shudders. That sounds like a receipe for disaster. Oh I know. However we both know the majority of people who use this one-liner won't read it. Before CIDR it was all class A, B or C addresses. Big companies probably needed a few sites and subnets so they needed a class A Small population? Nigeria has 180 million people. The rest of Africa has similar paypal issues, and a population of 600 million people It annoys me when FLOSS software sites have the 'News' as the front page (like this project). If I go to your site many times i probably know where to get the news, or get it another way (IRC, web forum, mailing list, etc.). However if it's my first time all I see is "please see the about section". Except there are studies coming out about the harm to developing eyes and such. I'm sure the same was said about television, or travelling more than 30 miles per hour. The nationalistic Welsh will tell you they are the real british people, but displaced and pushed westwards (into what is now Wales) by the Romans, Normans, Anglo Saxons etc. So a name might be mostly Welsh now, but the people with that name might have lived in that area for a very long time, "Hello it looks like you're trying to take the subway, would you like help" How many users do Mastercard or Visa have? Although seismic geology will have a 'language', it's no where near a programming language. Most specialisations say 'we have a language' but that mostly means they have lots of specific terms or common-for-them-uncommon-for-the-rest-of-us words. Whereas a programming language is much more like a real human lanuage than a lexicon. The download on Android devices is 404ing for me. OAuth has some advantages over storing passwords, firstly you're not giving your password away. Password reuse is very common, if you give one site your Facebook password, they probably have your email password. It also easier to revoke access to just on app, previously you had to change your password and then update all the other apps I'm diluted they are/have A/B tested that. So it depends if your in the control or test group :P What's wrong with people downloading your app lots? Do you have that problem? What do you want to track about a download? How many times it's downloaded? Just use your apache logs (or make your download link a simple webapp that records a value then redirects to the proper file url). Do you want to track email addresses of a download? If so, you should be aware that it might put of X% of customers. Are you willing to give up tracking emails if it leads to an X% increase in downloads? Why is it illegal to offer different prices for the same service (as this article says)? Yep "100m" must mean metres. C'mon we're all engineers here, we know the metric system and SI. "mi" is mile. I think in many areas you are entitled to extra pay for over time. 1.5 * hourly wage ("time-and-a-half") is common. Interesting. That applies to USA. Is there any EU law on the matter? Sadly the range of Kindle books is still too small as the publishers (pretty much every content distributor actually) is stuck in the dark ages. They need to get their act together. If there is no good 'offical' ebook, people will easily turn to piracy. If that gets established as the norm for normal people, the book publishers will lose out. Yes, if you had a satellite internet modem connection, or satellite phone, you would not be cut off if the main isp was disconnected. However it's slow, like dialup, and expensive per minute. "My other midlife crisis is a startup" Is there any way to have custom css files inserted into the Android web browser? Then we don't need to ask pg et al. To do this, we can do it ourselves. I would be very interested if this is possible. It could be used for different sites aswell, not just HN They do have personal information, your password for that site and your email address. Lots of people reuse passwords, and that might be their email password. Once you have email & password, you have access to 90% of their online identities. I know how and why you should store hashed passwords, but surely you'd have to store credit card numbers in plain text? If you store a hashed credit card number, you'll be unable to charge it again? How do you use a hashed credit card number? Sorry, I mean if your local ISP was cut off, your satellite isp might not be. Eg if you were in Egypt now and the government cuts off all Egyptian isps, then you can still use your satellite phone to dial into your American isp. Satellite isps mean you could be on the different side of the planet from your iap You can read PDFs on the Kindle fine. Loads of online services (esp. to do with money) are only available to USAians. :( We have always been at war with Eastasia Totally agree. I did this about a year or so ago and it's great. For me I was always looking at the clock in work, how long before lunch, how long before home time, etc. It was quite distracting. They basically said "OK we'll take it down, but we're in Norway, so that law doesn't apply. Please prove this was copyright infringment". They should have just said (potentially in Norwegian) "We're in Norway, that law doesn't apply. Please contact us if we are breaking Norwegian law" That's an complicated ethical decision. On one hand some local clothing manufacteurers are out of buisiness. On the other hand a whole pile of people have cheap, high quality clothing. gave you so much traffic Traffic to his website is not as important as sales. I suspect a poor percentage of visitors from HN converted to sales. do the poor actually live in a precarious situation in the UK? Ummm yes. If you have no money or no job, you will not be living well. The steryotype is that you'll be living in a grimey 1960s style concrete block of flats with not a lot of money. Compared the USA, "free healthcare" would be seen as generous, however not in the EU. Bear in mind that the UK is a very expensive place to live It's all relative. Coming from Ireland (and the Euro) the UK seems cheap. That's mostly the sterling/euro conversion rates in my favour. For example a pint of drink costs about €5 (about £4.50). The difference is so noticable that many people drive to Northern Ireland to do large shopping trips to get cheaper goods. In playing this Game, Players acknowledge that it is a game of chance, that the outcome of a Play in the Game is pre-determined by the Interactive System at the point of purchase, and that the winning of a Prize in the Game does not involve the exercise of any skill or judgement by a Player. That part is almost certainly to comply with gambling licencing laws. There are different laws if it's a game of chance or luck. That's why many raffles (a game of chance) have a really simple question at the end, to turn it into a game of skill, legally. If your encryption key is stored with the databases you haven't gained much. The best thing to do is hash the passwords. It's quite common for people to say "encrypt the passwords" when they mean "hash the passwords". Once Linux became popular and useable, there wassup de.and for a floss kernel. One advantage of the article's method is that it works if your workstation doesn't have a public IP address or is behind NAT / a firewall. It also works if you move around. With the article's method, you could have your laptop at home update your website, then go down to the local coffee shop and update your website from there. Although git usually has faster performance than most other VCS, that doesn't mean it can easily handle terabyte disk image files. :P On Linux you need to enter your password to run sudo. If someone can read all the files in your home directory but not make you enter sudo, then they can see your ssh keys but be unable to replace /usr/bin/ssh However within a few years it was irrelvant and the real internet remains. I am not stealing. I am downloading TV shows. PC manufacterers aimed at the mass market are on a tight margin. Bloatware is a where they get most of their profits. If someone offered bloatwarefree PCs (ad added an extra €50 to the price) would they be able to compete with the bloatware PC sellers? This service might not be targeted at web savy folks If you haven't already, I recommend you read what patio11 says here (and on their blog), they are in a very similar market with similar customers. Apples and Oranges. Apple do not let other manufacters sell OSX. If they did, surely you'd see people adding little apps to the preinstall image and undercutting Apple. Apple clearly don't want this, so they disallow it. They talk about how SEO wasn't important for them, which makes sense, since very few of their target audience or current users are going to search for "funny stories of people getting high" or similar. Good idea. You should make that. You could easily have written this as a Ruby or Scheme manifesto Yes, but this practically is the Python manifesto. Also remember that compiling code can use memory. I once had a compilation causing the machine to swap. That took a while to compile. cost of living in some parts of US is already lower than somewhere in Europe. Europe isn't really comparable to India when it comes offshoring. And Europe has large differences, from the UK (expensive) to Romania (cheap). This is great. It will limit FUD. MPEGLA have called, and people need to show their cards. If we hear nothing, then that shows that the MPEGLA doesn't know of any patents that affect WebM/VP8, and they can stop all this "don't use VP8 cause of patents!" FUD. If however there are patents on WebM/VP8, we can get them out in the open and look at them and then see. I believe the MPEG-LA has a patent pool, where all companies that have patents on it pool them together. They don't sue anyone who's in the pool and they aren't sued by anyone in that pool. If this is the case, then google could sue MPEG-LA users, but they might get sued themselves. * (you can't even test drive the products to tell)* Sure you can. Under EU Distance Selling Directive (97/7/EC), you can return any product you buy online within 7 days, even if you've just changed your mind. Good luck! Keep us posted. Lots of us (myself included) are interested in doing something similar. It's great to here how people are getting on. Even once we get a printer that's easy enough for 'normal' people to use (hard) and a way for them to design the prints that go in the machine (hard) People won't be designing things themselves, they'll be downloading files and then pressing 'print' on their computer. It's like how people share funny pictures, links get sent around and viewed. It should be able to handle poorly written HTML. The Web is a wild west, and a cesspit. Deal with it. Internet Explorer is, and always has been the browser that comes with your computer. It works fine, and most regular people will never bother to change it. Mozilla Firefox has been in this situtation before, and things changed. Initially SO talked about EE. (In some of their early podcasts and videos, they talk about "the site with the hyphen"). So it's the same as Apple then. "Can you distribute GPL?" "No." No, Section2 (of the GPLv2) allows you to either distribute the source code along with it, or written offer to where to get the source code. Mobile targetted websites?