I'm not personally amazingly sympathetic. He uses his service for business purposes at home (as a consultant) - as he is perfectly entitled to do so. If he had paid for a business class account, he'd be fine. I pay Comcast right on $100 a month for 22/8mbps, with 5 static IPs, no throttling, and no caps - I work from home and according to my firewall had approximately 800GB of traffic last month (and that usage is not out of the ordinary). This surprises me. When I had Comcast Business Cable installed at my home, the telephone rep got the install address, paused a moment, asked, "Is that a residential house?". I said yes, and all was fine. No raised eyebrows from the installer either. In fact, my boss/company owner, who lives outside Scottsdale, who can't get more than 144kbps IDSL got so sick of things that he ordered a first, then a second bonded T1 to his house, without any hiccups. From the article: "And if you are careful enough to save money (for example living at home saves about 3K a month when all is said and done) and not increase your expenses too much (no need to get a Porsche when a BMW or VW suffices), it’s not hard to save 200K by the time you turn 24." Uhh, sure? 200K at 24, in savings? So that's about 250K pre-tax. Say you graduate high school at 18, find a magical job that gives a high school grad $42,000 a year, and spend /not one cent/ for six years, maybe... (or extrapolate outwards). Or maybe you go to college. Graduate, let's say, age 21... In this economy, how many college graduates walk out of school into an $85,000/year job and no living expenses... Never underestimate the value of a silver spoon in your mouth... and never underestimate the power of denial about just how silver your spoon is. I'd strongly suspect that this guy is definitely in the upper middle, to begin with. "Why buy a Porsche when a BMW will do?", complaining about the duldrums of a six digit income... talking about being easily able to have quarter of a million in savings at age 24... etc, etc. And I can appreciate the response... the information you're providing is absolutely interesting... perspective is different, nothing more... Is hard to discuss such things without some numbers... keep writing. :) Without belittling any tragedy, and with the obvious bias of being a firefighter, whilst trucking may be more deadly than being a firefighter, the situation you describe is largely in response to the fact that that person typically gave their life in order to try to save a stranger, or their home. Despite the risks to themselves, they put their hand up and said "I will go into that burning building if I know you are in there. I will risk life and limb to get you out. And in the process, I acknowledge that there is a chance that -I- may be the one that doesn't come out." Their big funeral, with all of their peers? Is but an acknowledgement of that. No-one made them make that decision, but they did. Their peers come because they want to show support to the family and friends, knowing that if that worst should happen to them, they'd want their own family and friends to have that support. "-considers something "robust" if it doesn't break old code, when the rest of us hate it because we have to live with register_globals and other horrors" Agreed - as a PHP programmer (mainly in Zend Framework), who is now learning Python... I hate register_globals. With a fiery passion. More importantly, as someone who hosts several photographer websites, I have a bone to pick with http://bludomain.com/ - congrats on your eighth birthday. Have you updated your code since you were born? It's a travesty that involves turning on almost every deprecated option in a php.ini. :\ The same impoverished underclass with access to Blackberry's and smartphones with data packages who can't afford to put new shoes on their feet? Are you really claiming this? I'm not so convinced... I went to my Apple store to buy an MBP, 17", 8GB, SSD. Nope. "We only stock the HDD models in store here." Not "we're out of stock". Hmm, okay... well maybe I could just buy an SSD from NewEgg, and sell the HDD... "What about with 8GB... I only see 4GB prices out here." "Yeah, we don't stock 8GB models. We can install 8GB and give you the 2 x 2GB chips." Yeah, not so much. The iPhone 4 has 326 ppi and I just took off my glasses and > I really had to focus until my eyes hurt to be able to see a single pixel. (I failed, I couldn't see one) Also I have to get really close on to my PC screen to see single pixels (235 ppi) > Now my question is, how could my retina have 530 ppi if I can not identify single pixels on a 326 ppi device? I guarantee you can. Make a nice white image and place a few single pixel black dots on it. You'll see them just fine. Or, for that matter, dead pixels. Read the comments on the article for a far better analysis / explanation than the article itself. In fact, checking in will still be around, and location info will be able to be attached to -any- content on FB. Because Apple supplies fiber to Moscone Center, right? ;) Apple releases "Retina Display", with ultra-high resolution: "Amazing! So much better than anything else! So crisp! So beautiful!" Someone else releases lower pixel density display for laptop, but far better than what Apple deigns to offer: "Ugh! No! How can you read that? That just gives you eye strain..." (Exaggerated for emphasis) Fake! Steve would never say, "Relax, read the iPad, Facetime Tim Cook"... It'd be "Relax, read iPad..." :) Two words: Power Shell. Well, one word. PS is a "decent command line" for Windows, that can handle most of the things you discuss pretty well. I can't feel too much pity for Mr Assange here. You'll notice he never said that the publisher had no authority to do this release - because you can guarantee that they do. Julian is hardly the first author they'll have had bail out after an advance check has been cashed, and their contract will allow them to recoup the costs any way they see fit, including releasing drafts as is, sending the manuscript to (another) ghost writer, etc. If he is actually innocent, then it sucks that all this money is being channeled to lawyers. But even that is of his own doing. I'm relatively certain that, had he stayed in Sweden and let the legal system run its course, his legal bills would be orders of magnitude smaller - though of course there would be the possibility that he would be found guilty. Instead he chose to flee the country, and his exorbitant costs are due to the fact that he's not now in a Swedish courtroom with an attorney defending sexual assault charges, but in the English High Court with a team of QCs and SCs specializing in constitutional and human rights law defending an extradition request, so as to deny him the ability to avoid justice, and to deny his accusers the right to have their claims heard. "Does this add value to the discussion?" Nope. "The MBA, which has fundamentally changed the way people think about computers"... Err, no, I really don't believe it has. "2:02PM Phil's taking a shot against the Atrix, Thrill, and Inspire 4G. "The iPhone 4S is just as fast as these phones."" Wow. "Guys, this is awesome! Our new phone is just as fast as an Android phone that came out a year ago!" (The Atrix, about to be supplanted by the Atrix 2). Do you think that might have something to do with the variety of models available? That people are more free to pick what hits their aesthetic desires, as well as form, functionality, features? Whereas with the iPhone, you basically have "the iPhone". So of course sales are consolidated into that one model. There is. As there is with most of the "4S vs 5DMkII" comparisons. For example, the 4S photos are highly saturated (known to be a trait of the iPhone) and sharpened (whereas the S95 and 5D shots do not appear to have had any sharpening). In the first set of photos, the iPhone shots have a completely different DOF to that of the two cameras (and not even shot from the same position). The "4S versus 5DMkII" video comparison going around conveniently ignores the little footnote in the accompanying description where the tester states that he "adjusted the 5D settings down to match the 4S options available", i.e. "4S video matches highly handicapped 5D video"... No doubt, the 4S has impressive still and video functionality, but you're looking at a couple of lenspieces smaller than a penny versus 12+ pieces of glass in an L lens... The screaming one to me is that O in Helvetica is a circular shape, whereas Roboto has vertical lines. There are definite similarities, but a multitude of fairly significant differences. And yet, nicely cherry-picked videos and stills from the iPhone 4S promotional material are just fine for stoking the fires of iOS vs the rest... And yet, his "words to avoid" talks specifically about "GNU is not a tool set", either... "How did we lose sight of the fact that this is the entire purpose of stylesheets? To separate the display of information for various devices/platforms/needs. So yea, they should provide a "netbook style", and any other. That's really the point of it all." Seems to me, "a couple of years ago". That's when any real innovation in CSS seemed to cease.* * I can hear people arguing already. By "innovation in CSS", I don't mean "cool, awesome tricks" like "being able to render strange bullets in pure CSS by bastardizing four divs, a span, and a dozen lines of stylesheet", or "a bargraph library that outputs pure CSS". Those are cool, awesome tricks, to be sure, hacks, but the very definition of "solving the wrong problem". "Arch Linux with ZFS-FUSE in RAIDZ2 configuration: 4x2TB HDD = 7TB of storage that can survive dual drive failure." Uhh, 4 x 2TB raidz2 will give you 3.6TB of storage... "Though I guess they could've been helping the fire department locate the fire or something; I'm sure it'd take quite a while to check for fires before giving an all clear." As a firefighter, I can -guarantee- that would never be the case. Depending on the severity of the alarm, we have our own tools for a) finding the fire - thermal cameras, etc, and b) getting to them - there's a reason forcible entry is taught in Fire Academy. :) No, they were just putting themselves above their employees. When something not turning out "as you expected" means that there is a high potential for death or injury to /an uninvolved party/, then absolutely you have failed in your responsibilities, especially when it is something that your planning or contingencies could and should have accounted for. I guess, then, by your logic, if no-one was responsible, there will be no compensation, right? After all, not their fault that a cannonball just happened to rip through someone's house. What an outdated idea, indeed. (Though of course, in reality, the production company / insurer will probably pay for all damage and some compensation while trying to make the homeowner sign a document stating that they accept no responsibility or liability and that it's a goodwill gesture). There's an easter egg there, too - try Control Shift drag. Yeah, it costs Amazon nothing to run... Maybe Amazon should be complaining that the retailers don't have to manage huge server farms, or employ hundreds of technical staff, or so on. They both have costs associated with doing business. Amazon has to pay ongoing infrastructure costs that the retailers don't, they have to take care of sales and other taxes that Amazon might. Video -hosting- (and ancillary features) is included in what you pay for. Access to other parties videos? Is not. And the party you contracted with (Google) has contracts with other entities. Has nothing to do with "rights". If you have a problem with the contracts entered into, then act accordingly. For what? Being denied their natural right to have content hosted by Google at no charge? Wait, hang on... Except they make out like bandits in that case. Hefty fees to the merchant, jacked up transaction fees... I understand your communication just fine. HN is however not immune to its own little cults or pockets of personality worship. Questioning some of those people, however validly, will often result in downvoting for your gall. Does anyone actually use Tumblr for original content, or for that matter, text? 99% or more of the Tumblrs I've seen are just people recirculating other Tumblr photos. "Apple-like innovation"? What's "Apple-like" about making an antenna? Wasn't "Apple-like" the reason for free bumpers and "you're holding it wrong"? Try as I might... I can't justify, or figure out how $50 (+ $10 for a mobile app - used to be $20) for a To Do list, however nice, is worth it. This might feel / seem a little deceptive - but I would consider having a "female-themed/friendly" theme for the site too. Two domains, one DB, etc. Because other than that, I think you're going to have a huge problem finding female members. I do like the sense of humor, imagery-wise, and the design. "Adam Savage later said that he had been told he had better get his ass into damage control mode, and that it didn't matter if he sounded foolish in saying it was all a mistake". I'm usually fairly anti-Gruber. But this was, in all respects, an interesting and insightful read, well thought out, and offered little in the way of Gruber's worshipping at the pedestal of Apple. Granted, you did mention iOS work, which limits your choices, but there are several laptops there that absolutely can compete as desktop replacements, including one I've used: Dell Precision M6600, Core i7-2820QM 2.3GHz,16GB (can take 32GB), graphics cards up to Nvidia Quadro 5010M 4GB, 1080p resolution display, SATA 3 SSDs "I just did this with a new product we launched. My lowest plan was priced at $9/month. We did a usability test with our target market and ask them (at the end) what they expected to pay for a product like this. Only 1 person said a number lower than $20/month–and they went as high as $100/month." However, that doesn't imply that they WOULD pay that for a product. The conclusion they might draw (validly or otherwise) could be "I'd expect to pay a lot more for this product, so I won't even consider it an option - it's out of my range." I might expect to pay $1,000 for a table for 4 at one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants. I might be pleasantly surprised to find the average bill around $600. That doesn't mean I'll pay $600 for that, though. "This marketing spend is disproportionately targeted at the US, as it's one of the few countries which permits heavy marketing of prescription drugs directly to normal people." By few, you mean two, soon to be one. The US and New Zealand, and New Zealand has passed legislation to phase it out. The US will be the only country in the world where you can be advised of your potential need for a prescription drug not by a medical professional, but by an actor on a television screen. "The doctor flatly refused -- MRIs were only available after physical symptoms had developed. Of course, at that point, the available treatments for a flare-up of MS are less effective at preventing long-term neurological problems. (Happily, I am back in Japan now.)" There's your mistake. You didn't see a doctor who owned (or who had bought a share in) an MRI machine. Those doctors are 4.2 times more likely to refer patients for MRI than doctors who don't. Not sure why this was downvoted, other than "USA! USA!". Disclaimer: I live in America. "but if USB is supplanted by something like Apple's Thunderbolt (convenient, huh)" By which you mean "Intel's Thunderbolt, which Apple was the first vendor to license"... "To a certain degree"... Not so much... So I, as a Content Creator, have to a) be mindful of, and b) take action to opt out of 1) Pinterest, 2) any other of a potentially large number of sites / applications, purely in order to ensure said sites don't claim commercial rights to and derive income from my work and effort? Not the way it works, or should work, say I. They shouldn't. At least if they follow their own rules. They cracked down heavily on sites (like experts-exchange.com) who would display results and answers to GoogleBot, but when humans attempted to browse that page, they had to register/ pay to see the same page. Because "without it, you will die" is an amazingly effective motivator. Someone I know recently had a double lung transplant. Even with insurance, employer support, and many donations from a large community supporting, he was told that a) the procedure would cost approximately $1-1.1M, and b) that a downpayment in the order of $400,000 would have to be received PRIOR to approval being given for the procedure to go ahead. His insurance? Would only cover $350,000, after the procedure. His illness? Cystic Fibrosis. His age? 32. Not so much that, to me - both parties have a great idea of what their costs might be, but the consumer has the critical information - "of the options open to me, which will I choose, if any?" The "ignorance" is in "likelihood of utilization", not "cost of utilization". "Even better we were able to get rid of the 'select your card type' field since that was detected by Luhn." FYI: Card Type is not determined by Luhn algorithms, but rather (broad brush strokes, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank_card_number#Issuer_Identif... for more detail): 3 - American Express 4 - Visa 5 - Mastercard / Diners 6 - Discover "So, not burning, but still, not the best news. Maybe it's a faulty device?" Except for the fact that many people are complaining of similar issues. I've found myself trying to get more productive when I'm "forced" into Vim, and mostly failing, and reverting to Sublime Text 2. As a result, I've looked at plenty of Vim evangelist links on HN looking for inspiration in learning more about productivity with the editor, and honestly? This is one of the first that has given me some real insight, some workable examples, and something to go on. It does have a cheerleader tone to it, definitely, but really? I wish more "advocacy/evangelism" posts on HN had this flavor (and substance) to them. Tortious interference? When Party C (the prospective employer) attempts to induce Party A (the prospective employee) to break a contract (the TOS) they have with Party B (Facebook)? And almost no Windows "malware" in the last decade has been a traditional "virus" either. Trojans, social engineering, all so much easier. Citation? The last thing along those lines I'd heard of was the PNG(?) exploit. And people say we're not in another bubble. People through comments saying things like "well, VCs needed to double their investment - this lets them do it in a few months" Wish I lived in a world where I should have expectations of a several hundred percent ROI on investments. Interesting quotes. But I find myself skeptical. (b) and (a) seem, on the face of it, to be mutually exclusive. Either Marc found himself being recused from meetings that happened without his knowledge, at both his own company, and at Facebook, or he -was- aware of his recusal and either didn't know ("plausible deniability"?) of the subject of discussion (which, if he was recused, seems redundant), or he -was- aware of the subject, aware of his being recused from multiple board meetings, and being "surprised" by the "Oh, hey, Facebook now owns that company your company owns a meaningful percentage of". That, and we're also being asked to believe that Facebook makes billion dollar acquisitions not only by recusing directors with related interests, but by deceiving and misleading them. AND that the board of Andreessen Horowitz feels that it should / can act the same way to its namesake founder, Mr Marc Andreessen, and feels it proper to accept ten digit acquisition offers without him. As I said, color me a little skeptical that (a) and (b) of his claims are accurate. Already "expired" due to high demand.... So they can invest -some- of the money in the US. And pay salaries, bonuses and dividends with the rest - without paying the appropriate corporate income tax rate first. That's why. This isn't hugely new (though the idea of giving players a choice is) - Eve does this every year for their "birthday", usually a unique design shuttle. From my memory of the Eve economy, it seems like the (in game) value of some of these gifts heavily outweighs the others (though all are really only of "value" to new players, as they are purchasable by a more experienced player with an hour of NPC combat, if not less). That's the other iPhone sleight of hand. iPods do video? No-one wants their iPod to do video... [pause] One more thing... iPod now does video Single core, dual core? No-one cares, it's about the experience... [pause] One more thing... the 4S is now dual core! So you don't need iOS hardware, just Apple hardware... so much better! Interesting bunch of inferences and extrapolations there. "Signal for litigious behavior" - because we all know if you promise something, you shouldn't have to follow through on it unless it really works for you, and you're not upset about something else entirely. That whole "after the DB damage, I'm hesitant" implies both admission of situation, and vidictive behavior on the part of the company. Why shouldn't he be feeling litigious? Is part of your recruitment process "Must be spineless and / or company man"? "many of whom are more reliable than this guy"? How has he demonstrated lack of reliability? Docking wages for employee mistakes unless (and perhaps even if) wilfully negligent is /highly illegal/ in every state in the US, and will have the Labor Board all over your company and slapping you hard with fines and punishment. And therein lies the rub. Panic is hardly alone, but where once stood a legion of Mac users screaming bloody murder (and rightly so) at websites that were "Designed for IE on Windows", now there is a generation of "Works in Safari? Looks good on my iPad? Ship it!" designers and developers. Agreed. Especially not when algorithmically managed. It is in no way comparable to a curated service / site. The author refuses to admit any bias in their position, too (that they make money in and around the world of affiliate marketing). True, unusued CPU power is "going to waste", but when an i7 950 overclocked to 3.5GHz, running of an SSD and 1600MHz memory with Chrome 18 uses 20% of CPU for a transition that's a problem (though with what is a different argument). My point, though, was that to me it highlighted a more symptomatic issue, that a certain segment of the population, who used to rail against discrimination against their chosen platform, are more than happy to cheerlead / defend / exonerate discrimination for their chosen platform. When said person is occasionally and randomly having friends or guests over, sure. When said person is making a fulltime income solely from renting space in an apartment that he is only leasing, well, "most people" would think "I should probably take a look at my lease first"... The entire thing to me is a little disingenuous. Apparently, according to an orthopedic surgeon, his study shows that people think orthopedic surgeons should be paid $16,000 or so for a knee replacement. And that Medicare "only" pays $1,400. Let's clarify: Medicare pays the surgeon "only" $1,400. Medicare payments for the surgery are far higher. Equipment, drugs, in patient stay, therapy, anesthesiologist... Bear in mind, now, that the typical knee replacement takes 1-3 hours. Those 1-3 hours are what lets the surgeon pocket his $1,400 (from Medicare - more if privately/insurance billing). Although the study is billed as an example of the disconnect of public knowledge, it seems difficult to imagine it as anything less than an attempt to increase Medicare payments to surgeons, which are already in the realm of $500-$1,000 an hour for this particular procedure. It's not that impressive, when you consider that Sony has let you select a 1920 resolution on some of their 13" laptops for over a year. Lest I be considered a nay-sayer, I'm going to be getting an MBP largely for the resolution boost. "Crashing all the time"? This isn't the days of 95, 98, and early XP... Crashing and BSODs are a thing of the past now, unless you buy a non-name peripheral, or have faulty hardware (which will crash an Apple just as quickly). Heroku had to coin some words of their own to "mask" the fact that their services are but engineering on top of the AWS stack (which isn't to belittle the effort involved). "So, only your first argument ($99/year, for 100 devices) is actually correct." Only if we allow you blowing off the "need a Mac" requirement to equal zero dollars... It's kinda a decent sized hole in your argument. Does that mean they're not allowed to decide they require him back, and then go through the "proper channels" to do so, if he refuses voluntarily? It's not a double jeopardy situation. When you know that the due process (which involves making sure he doesn't have the ability to later claim that due process wasn't followed) requires an in-person interview, then throwing up platitudes (that you know won't, can't be accepted, but which make you look entirely reasonable) is duplicitous at best. Point me to any country in the world where a telephone interview of a suspect or person of interest in a crime is an acceptable totality of due process or investigation. 2007 was hardly "a more innocent time" for the Internet. Napster had been shutdown years before and was still winding through the courts, for example, and The Pirate Bay was an (Internet) household name. BusyCal looked good. Until I saw it was $50. Plus another $40 to allow syncing?!? Sorry, I find it really hard to justify nearly $100 for a calendar app. True. Even while I love ST2, have purchased a license, and swayed my boss on the subject, it remains, if nothing else, surprising that there isn't a Preferences / Control Panel / Options style option, even as a plugin / package. I love how you compare oranges to apples, rather than to Apple. The most apt comparison you can make for doing this is "fast food", rather than the 800lb gorilla in the room, Apple, who had to be sued to include "screen images simulated" and "sequences shortened" in their iPhone ads...? "and also being (somewhat sensitive)" "As for the received email, I had just enough time to reply "If you put as much effort into the rest of your work as you did this email, you'd still be working here" before the guy left." One of these things is not like the other... Agreed. He spends 326 words saying what can be summed up as "when you're small, small changes will be noticeable. When you're large, you'll need to make some larger changes to notice a difference". Actually, that's not a summary, so much as I challenge anyone to find more value or detailed analysis in the original piece.I read it and thought "what did I learn here?", not to mention how utterly vague it was. Well, technically - if you're thousands of miles out to sea, bouncing a signal to a satellite in orbit a few hundred kilometers above the earth may well equal the speed and latency of an equivalent fiber connection... Beg to differ / disagree. I'd say there's a lot less than 200 features, most are "refinements". I mean, really, is "Date Picker in Calendar now has a mini Calendar" is a "new feature"? A new widget on a control? "Were"? Have they stopped being sold? No, definitely not. IBM sold a 22" 3840x2400 (205ppi) LCD monitor over a decade ago. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_T220/T221_LCD_monitors Panasonic has also launched a 20" 3840x2160 IPS LCD display, too. So basically 15 ppi, then - your comment reads as someone trying to exaggerate the difference - the T220 was 205 ppi, and some of Apple's Retina devices are 221 ppi, a grand difference of merely 7% - well, seven per cent and eleven years. Well, they may not have had to do it, if Apple had not jumped at the chance (went the ruling was only tentative) to make a pro-active strike telling retailers they were not to sell the Tab. Why should they not then have to say otherwise? I liked the existing SatNav in my Prius for this. I could split the display, the left hand side showing the 3D turn-by-turn navigation view, and the right showing a top down, north-oriented view. On longer trips, I'd also zoom the right map all the way out to show start and end, so I could visualize the entire trip. Aside from anything else, really? Your app allows a user to send regular, scheduled text messages to friends saying "Where are you?" so that you get the benefit of knowing where they are? That sounds horrible for the recipients of these messages that I effectively have no way to opt out of, without telling my friend to knock it off. I could choose to ignore the request, sure, with the potential for passive-aggressive drama to follow. What are the use cases for this app that "Hey, where are you?" won't suffice for? "Here, click on this link and I'll see, on a map, verified by your phone - and this website will also get to know." NBA League Pass is $170… NFL, Season Rewind alone is $70, NHL's GameCenter Live pass is $170… How are you paying $250/yr for all three? Largely no. A severance package may be contingent upon it, but typically your last paycheck is expected to either be paid on the final day of employment, or on the next paycheck cycle (and in most states the former - and is typically done by check to avoid delays, whatever, legal claims). The apology was pretty weak. "Oh, hey, I was one of the ones who attacked you, your site, host, business. You got shut down, even though you did nothing wrong… Sorry." I'm paraphrasing, but that was pretty much it. No regret, no "what can I do to help?", "I'll try to correct the disinformation I spread", just a literal "I'm sorry." The end. Why? Do you anticipate a lowering of standards after the thrill has worn off? Yeah, so many of the Mac designers / evangelists who screamed the loudest about "Designed for IE" and other web evils have come full circle, and adopted a mantra of "Looks good on my MacBook with Safari, ship it!" > App.net has 8,000 paying customers and $550,000 in annual revenue Many of whom were backers who were sufficiently curious to pay to get access to / see the product. The real kicker will come at renewal time, and how many of those customers remain. You definitely did drink the Kool-Aid: "I paid for a product, I can't login, and I can't fix things so I can login. But I'll meekly 'reserve judgment' rather than lambasting what should be a fairly important issue." "I used to explain to people at work that I shouldn't have to carry a Palm and a phone, for example." You didn't - instead, you could have carried a Blackberry, for one. Note that LendInk had no contract, either with Amazon, authors, or users of the service. If anything, if this was the route intended, said authors COULD try to claim "tortious interference" (whereby a third party induces or enables the breaking of a contract between the first and second parties), but in order to do so, they'd first have to establish that a) the spirit of the contract with Amazon was 'friends and family lending', something that is not at all hinted at in the letter of the contract, and b) such a thing was known by LendInk and they knowingly set forth to do business regardless - and I think there would be a nebulous case with difficulty proving either. On the other hand, perhaps there are some defamation cases floating around that LendInk could win, possibly also interfering with someone's livelihood? US (and most other nation's) law specifically nullifies either any clause or the entirety of any contract that is found to reference illegal behavior. In addition, there are also whistleblower statutes, to further protect in such situations. Maybe so, but then again - "contribute for free, after we raised a whole lot of money and funding for our work"... With apologies for hijacking the thread - I tried resetting my password for my existing account today, but have had no luck to my gmail address getting anything, and there is no other contact information on the website... help? "previous full Retail(i.e. $500+) Windows licenses" By $500+, you mean "less than $250", right? http://www.amazon.com/Microsoft-GLC-00182-Windows-7-Ultimate... "found my holy grail Django books" Curious - what are these? "1. Sprinklers and fire exits? Arguably necessary." "Arguably"? No, they're absolutely necessary. It's a multi-tenant building. Why should my property and livelihood be threatened by your inability (or lack of desire) to follow the fire code? "2. ADA compliant bathrooms and wheelchair ramps? Not part of a reasonable MVP[1]." A reasonable MVP should include the ability for a social, interactive space to be inclusive. And sorry, it's not the same as a startup deciding what features to include in their initial launch (which arguably happened a long time ago - this, now, is when the details need to be nailed down). Oh, and the ADA is Federal Law, precisely because of businesses and such that felt that discriminating against a subset of the populace was an "acceptable" omission (for their "MVP" or otherwise). "3. As for "building permits", they are just a tax by the local government" That they are. Building permits are a method of more fairly distributing the cost of amenities and public services. You have ongoing property taxes for maintenance and upkeep, but a development may trigger a review - is water, power, sewage, traffic control, parking, adequate? Such reviews cost money. I'm confused though, how you then chose to quote an out-of-context example about "some" (unnamed) cities choosing to root out code violations - something not entirely the same, and actually largely designed to find people who have chosen to skirt their community obligations by not using the permit process. For the record? I'm absolutely for the Hacker Dojo and wish more existed around here (and / or that I had the time / ability to found one). Do either Evernote or Moleskine really qualify as startups, though? (not that that necessarily changes things, though I'm not convinced that it's as revolutionary as being made out to be... certainly evolutionary). Firefighter / paramedic (/ IT geek) here: I took a patient today out of the ER (via ambulance) to a skilled nursing facility. There were a lot (for us, 6+) ambulances in the receiving bay. Patient comments: "Wow, busy. Usually when I'm going to the ER, and I see that many ambulances, I say to my friend "we'll come back tomorrow when it's quieter"." Read into that what you will. I love Amazon, have a Kindle 3, Prime, spend thousands a year there... but I'm getting pissed at their handling of firmware. The Kindle Keyboard is getting regular steady updates, font rendering, smoothing, functionality and features.... none of which are getting shipped to the 3... seems as soon as the Keyboard came out, they decided that was it for anything older. Kinda like Apple thought they could get away with edited iPhone sequences, that showed all sorts of things happening far quicker than they ever do in real life. They had to be coerced, legally, to concede this. "Sequences shortened". When you fund a Kickstarter project, you're investing in the project. If it does not fully fund, you receive a refund from Kickstarter. If it does, your funds go to the project, who are on their best effort to successfully launch the project. You are NOT, however, directly purchasing a reward. You receive a reward as a gift for helping to fund at a given level. "Do put out your own fires if you house catches fire. - i have a sprinkler system installed so it's unlikely I'll need them." Haha. Sorry. As a Firefighter, you're very wrong. It'll definitely help, no doubt. But most commercial buildings today have sprinkler systems, and they burn. "I suspect I could get private insurance to cover this though in a free-market. pay small money into pool (just like taxes) and we can all have firemen without your government." Plenty of places do this. And it's an unregulated market. With sometimes horrific consequences. Grant's Pass, Oregon, for one, with three fire companies. Make sure you do your research - you don't want to get the company that has an engines with insuffient GPM capacity, or doesn't have sufficient tenders/tankers if you don't live in a hydranted community. Make sure their firefighters are all accredited (there is both an art and a science to it). Make sure they have SCBA so they can go inside your burning building (or your neighbors, who might cause a risk to yours). These are things you think should be obvious, but are not. "Also, if you don't live in a city, it is very possible that there are no firefighters who will come to your house." Most such areas also have a volunteer firefighter presence. And for those backers not at a reward level? But you ignore the bigger problem. How are you, as a Backer, able to require a refund because a Project breached its terms with Kickstarter? "To get that in writing, that’s 91.58 Mbps down and 35.01 Mbps up. For basically the same price, I’m lucky if I can get 9 Mbps down from Comcast here in Seattle. And that’s probably the fastest residential I’ve had in my life." I use Comcast in Seattle. I pay $109 a month (for Business Class). Right now, I get 55mbps down, 35mbps up. What a horrible trend. CSS = Cascading Style Sheet. A tool explicitly designed to de-couple semantics from presentation. Not to mention it's usually a case of "If you're using a bleeding edge browser beta, but not that browser, only this one". It's unintuitive for building such things, which is why there's such a "gee whiz" factor, that you don't see when someone draws an iPhone in Adobe Illustrator. I get the hack, I get the fun. But anyone who seriously advocates for a UI built of CSS bastardizations is "doing it wrong", as they say. Why not invest that energy in SVG support and tools for browsers? Creative tools will be more powerful and flexible. And it'll "just work". There is however a big difference between Lawyer A: "I see I made a sincere mistake and apologize." And Lawyer B: "Our machine gun takedown software fuzzy matches anything approaching our artist's name, or any track by him, doesn't examine the content, but just issue blanket takedowns by script." Disagree, in at least terms of the Calculator - that's not homage, that's blatant copying. Colors, identical, button shape and layout, identical, ratios, identical. The thing looks like someone traced it in Photoshop. That's not "homage". Disagree. "Informing everything they could"? That's why if you go to fitfu.com it's plastered with Buy Now, "Amazing Price Right Now", and not "Will be gone in six weeks"? Definitely looked at a few virtualization options (we use Citrix XenServer at work), but my rationale for LXC was making the most use of limited hardware (rather than being forced to commit, say, 2GB for VM A, 2 for VM B, and so on, instead having up to the full server resources available - this isn't strictly the "best practice" for a mock production environment but will suffice). "vim elite" may not have been the best phrasing - my intent wasn't to imply superiority and condescension, merely "text editor power user". Divvy is a nice tool, which I do use, and does make life a little easier, and if my preference deep down is that of a largely maximized world and Windows, so be it. I do really want to investigate Vagrant, and will check out your links, cheers! My only issue with "needing Windows or OSX" is that we do a lot of collaboration, which I can't argue out of GoToMeeting (which doesn't run on Linux), and I don't want to have to maintain a separate VM to mimic my development environment merely for these times (I realize, too, that I'm optimizing for a highly specific set of circumstances, here!) - were it just Office, or one or two tools, I'd be happy with Linux, and an XP VM. Thanks for the heads up - I'm comfortable in the CLI, I like Sublime admittedly, as I do PyCharm (but I understand the nuances of being able to become self-sufficient outside an IDE), had never really considered a tiling WM, but watching Tyler's intro was enlightening - I might have to try it out - I've used Divvy, and it seemed to solve part of my problem. (Not implying you specifically, nor is it necessarily a bad thing...) Interesting framing and perception - I've never read anyone say that "Mozilla charges Google for being the default Firefox search engine", it's always been "Google pays Firefox to be the default Firefox search engine". Same result, really, but it's interesting how much of a change it implies, passive vs active, etc. And yet a Kindle plus "Ad Removal" is still hundreds of dollars less than the iPad ($15 for the ad removal). Interesting how you were willing to consider the device beforehand, but that was a deal breaker. Or maybe it's a matter of principle... "There's no reason to assume he's being forced out." When another officer of the company says "We decided it was best for him to leave the company.", I'm not as sure there's no reason... I know it's marketing, but still: "We used limestone from a local quarry to restore it and modernize it. Nobody would have done this but Apple... it's absolutely gorgeous." It seems the RDF works inward as well as out. No, no-one would ever build a store which incorporates local elements and / or recycling/reuse. Not a better camera - it uses exactly the same camera as the 4S. You get panorama mode, though. A better cable, that has essentially obsoleted millions of peripherals. "Use the adapter", not so much - I for one have an in-dash GPS / deck with Pandora and the like that I can't use with the iPhone, even with the adapter, because it doesn't support iPod out. Thanks, Apple. Whereas Lightning just requires me to replace several of my accessories, not the cables - much better. No, I can't just use an adapter - I have a head unit in my car that gives me some fantastic functionality, integration with the GPS, Pandora, iPod, iTunes. I thought "Great, I can upgrade, use the adapter..." - sorry, no can do. The adapter doesn't support "iPod Out" which means no remote control of devices. Same for my bedside alarm clock, and it having the ability to wake me with my playlist, or control tracks from the console, no more 'remote control' for it. So so so frustrated. I thought Gruber was getting more balanced. I guessed wrong. Maps don't improve by themselves. They improve by complaints, feedback, input. They also don't degrade by themselves. Unless Gruber et al are under some amazing assumption that Google now has no investment in Maps, is not getting street data, topographical data, traffic data any more. Though, mind you, this assumption isn't far fetched. Much as some of these pundits live their life in the Apple ecosystem, they seem to be blissfully (or willfully) ignorant of the fact that "mobile Maps" is but one segment of Google Maps. Millions of people rely on it, daily, on their desktops. Interesting… "Fastest smartphone in the land (even though older hardware beats it on 1/3-1/2 of the metrics, which are not evenly weighted by any stretch)". Also, Jellybean has widely been shown to be more performant than ICS on the same hardware (S3 included), so one wonders why ICS was used (after all, software that was released yesterday should probably be compared to software released in July, not December last year, before the hardware came out), for a fair comparison, right? Who wouldn't talk up a light rail line called the SLUT? (South Lake Union Transit)... just saying. Right now, prohibitive... I believe the LIDAR system alone is around $80,000 on the current prototype cars. But down the road, we'll see. You know "Sequences and screen images simulated"? Know why that is on most cell phone ads? Because other manufacturers complained of deceptive practices in advertising when Apple would talk of how easy (and quick) it was to do something on the iPhone compared to other phones... I was impressed by the detail and level of disclosure in this post. Very little PR speak, very little vagueness and handwaving - Adobe acknowledged the severity and demonstrated how important they viewed their response. I have to give a nod of admiration for the professionalism of their handling of such a situation. Meh to 'risk'. I've seen employers tell my ex- that they were looking for someone to commit to multiple years, not just be fly-by-night. She agreed, and was laid off two months later due to 'change in business direction'. It's the flip side of 'at will' employment. Unless a company is willing to put it in contract, I would recommend often showing little hesitation in not being more open about your future plans than you need to be. If a company demands/expects loyalty, can you say that you expect they'll show the same loyalty when it's not working out for them? In the vast majority of cases (and it's not even necessarily malicious), absolutely not. You'll turn up one day, have a meeting with your manager, and, if you're (very) lucky, get some form of severance. Quid pro quo. Context is, as they say, everything. "Meh to 'risk' in the context of "I as an employer should consider females more risky". But... touché. How many Google products have you used? How many did you pay for? One apology: "Sequences shortened". And, no - the 3GS was targeted for a class action: http://www.wireless-weblog.com/50226711/the_iphone_3g_class_... "Twice as fast at half the price" The venerable 37S acknowledged that, as a result, the 3GS ads started including that phrase. http://37signals.com/svn/posts/1328-apple-iphone-ad-sequence... http://www.idownloadblog.com/2012/03/30/siri-la-suit-fake-ad... But nice pro-Apple shilling to make me sound like the bad guy. -- signed, an iPhone 4, 4S, iPad 3, 2G nano, 160GB classic iPod owner. Agreed. I'm not sitting here thinking "Oh, well, $50? Not interested... wait, only $36, count me in, then!" It's like a more desperate grab for customers, but unwilling to admit that the model may not be right. "Sorry, you're altering to your entire point from start to finish with this 'minor' correction?" Granted, I can see your point, definitely. The next sentence in my original post, though, referred directly to my intent: complaints that the ad deceived as to how "easy (and quick) it was to do something on the iPhone" versus reality. Huh, what? I find it hard to take seriously a rant on racism in the work place where, on not just one but several occasions, refer to someone who is being ignorant as a "dumbwhitemotherfucker". Yeah, not buying it. No, he doesn't. He just tells you how horrific it is that they are being racist, whilst ignoring the fact that he's letting off racist jibes any time someone says something ignorant (and in at least one of the occasions, honestly, not wilfully so). It might. I'm also sure that if this were my problem, I might realize that 'doing what they do, while calling them out for doing it' might be seen as something of a double standard. Much like some of the worst extremes of feminism, where it was forgotten that the goal was "equality", not "favorable treatment for women at the expense of men as recompense". He seems to have anger and martyrdom issues all over - even the start of the story. In a coffee shop on a laptop, man asks "Hey, do you play video games?", gives him a card as an IT recruiter looking for video games testers. His thoughts on this? "Is this guy for real, or an uber-creep [hitting on me]"... Which I gotta say, even from his telling of what happened, wasn't a possibility that entered my mind. SVGs are XML, which can be compressed transparently by the web server using GZip, which from my reading on the web typically gets around 70-80% compression on XML files, thus reducing the deficit fairly heavily. Also, that first comparison chart? "Most browsers don't support the full SVG featureset" - Firefox 3.1, Chrome 1.0, Safari 3.2? Sounds like exactly what I need - and what I usually use Dropbox for. If anyone could spare me an invitation... robert@chromablue.net Well, true - but I don't think it's automatically invalid, therefore, to call him out on a double standard. Let's face it, it's not going to change anything Siegler writes, nor likely to change opinions of his fans, but hell, he makes Gruber sound entirely objective. Interesting, how much perspective matters - I read the same article on Gizmodo, and some of the comments were a polar opposite. "You can kinda feel some sympathy for him, amongst his other issues, his wife comes off as a raging bitch." It shows how polarized American society has become that one person's compassion becomes another's "raging bitch". Somewhat - to them anyway, permission is "granted" by you choosing not to opt-out. It's a crazy, muddled-up, mixed up world. Apple also tries to promote the use of dropping the "the" and just referring to iPod, iPad, iPhone, etc. Should we also do this too, in deference to Apple? On the flipside, while not surprised at $20/hr, I read "First, she said Pathjoy is more affordable, charging only $20 an hour, compared to the $40 charged by most other cleaning services" and thought "Wow, where?", before realizing "Bay Area". A quick look at maid services in Seattle - even from agencies showed typically $15-25/hr, certainly none charging $40/hr. And in any case, do people really think the "value-add" of an agency for housecleaning amounts to $20/hr? Edit: not to mention, Pathjoy's $20/hr doesn't include the $5-10 "supplies fee". What would a meetup really give attendees? "Hey, you're a merchant who accepts credit cards? So am I! Kindred spirits!" Not to be non-constructive, but really am struggling to understand the "point" of this, and why it needs to get such attention. Tapbots are two developers. Tweetbot was released as an alpha in July, and at least from the blog, was started in 2012. So for approximately 10 months work, $1.4M divided by 2 developers, so, annualized, about $1M/yr/developer. That's not including the fact that during the same time frame, they're developing and releasing more applications (sources of revenue). That's some labour of love, even if you factor in 3 more years of ongoing maintenance and development. I'd love to have a labour of love that nets me around $250,000/year income as a base. The same CEO who said that the iPad mini at 7.9" is perfection, but "who would ever want to do a 7" tablet?" - reminds me of the hitchhiker in There's Something About Mary: Hitchhiker: You heard of this thing, the 8-Minute Abs? Ted: Yeah, sure, 8-Minute Abs. Yeah, the excercise video. Hitchhiker: Yeah, this is going to blow that right out of the water. Listen to this: 7... Minute... Abs. Ted: Right. Yes. OK, all right. I see where you're going. Hitchhiker: Think about it. You walk into a video store, you see 8-Minute Abs sittin' there, there's 7-Minute Abs right beside it. Which one are you gonna pick, man? Ted: I would go for the 7. Hitchhiker: Bingo, man, bingo. 7-Minute Abs. And we guarantee just as good a workout as the 8-minute folk. Ted: You guarantee it? That's - how do you do that? Ironic, given your comment, that FogBugz is $25-30/user/month, and aimed at non-individuals, typically, so teams and above, so a client could easily be paying Fog Creek hundreds or more a month. This wasn't a surprise storm, and it wasn't "more severe than expected" - this has been national news for a while. More it was "eh, we'll be alright, why pay for something and not use it, we'll just apologize later". Do you think so? To my mind, the set of people in that industry, as creatives, who would think "Hmm, I dunno. I'm not really sold / excited about the idea of working for Disney / Pixar / Lucasfilm... Oh, Steve Jobs is involved? That changes ... everything." (sorry, couldn't resist). These companies appear, at least to me, as the pinnacle of "career as a creative artist in film" employers - I doubt the personality of a board member / part-owner, even one with as much going for him as Jobs did, was ever the deciding factor in their ability to lure talent. Highly optimistic. Some numbers: Columbia Tower in Seattle, Firefighter Stairclimb event (I think you could agree a firefighter is probably on par with a soldier for fitness) - 63 stories carrying 50ish pounds of gear, average finish time, 48 minutes. 7 trips an hour up and down 17 stories = 119 stories. Oh, and the firefighters are exhausted, drenched in sweat, require cooling down and up to an hour in rehab for each climb, with legs near collapse, burning like fire... If I had to do this, I'd be going with the bucket brigade, every time (spoken as someone who has completed that stairclimb event). I am a little surprised by this - both Sony and Dell have had credible 1920x1080 options at 15" for several years (admittedly I prefer x1200, which has also been available) - both have also had 1920 13" options for at least a year. Yes, matte! (well, at least on the ones I know about - my Sony is matte - Glossy is better for little more than the store) Very much so. Similar story - last year, Olympia WA had a large snowstorm, upwards of 3-4' in 12-24 hours (which would be bad enough in most places, let alone a city without the infrastructure), and a state of emergency was declared (I'm a firefighter - had to go in and ended up working for several days straight). My girlfriend is a nanny for two attorneys who work for the state. Their offices were closed due to the storm, and to quote the recorded message, "due to the extremely hazardous road conditions, we are closing so employees do not have to attempt the drive to work, and indeed we urge them to stay off the road". My girlfriend's employers? "So, we'll be working from home - we were told it was too dangerous to go in due to the state of emergency, so we'll need you to be here (a 5 mile drive through mostly non-thoroughfare streets) an hour earlier to keep the (two) kids out of our hair." Talk about a cognitive disconnect. It's amazing the attitude even people who would swear blind, and believe, that they don't, have towards those they see as "the help". What makes you feel you're more entitled to have gas for your generator in an emergency than someone who can only afford a smaller multiple? Should you also have priority access to fire and EMS if you can afford to pay a bit more when need is high? Why the ?icebox=true parameter? I can't see any reference to it anywhere else, so it makes me wonder if this is targeting - that, and what exactly is the "Icebox fiasco" (I know of the client, but never heard of a fiasco). Not to mention calling OS X "the world's most advanced operating system" is entirely subjective, and highly debatable. As a tangential aside, reading the opening paragraph of this article reminded me - in the US, if you have cardiac arrest, you want to have it either the counties surrounding The Mayo Clinic in Minnesota or Puget Sound: While cities like Detroit, Chicago and New York have less than 10%, down to 2% survival for /witnessed/, VF/VT (ventricular fibrillation / tachycardia, the rhythms an AED can shock) arrest (i.e. the "best" cardiac event to have), Rochester Minnesota, and the three counties of King, Pierce and Thurston (Seattle, Tacoma and Olympia) have above 40 to nearly 50% survival. Learn CPR. -- a paramedic As a paramedic, the "DNR" thing is part "folklore", part reality, but not for the reasons you cite. If CPR is ineffective, the result is death. Dangerous? Not particularly. Most people wearing DNR tags (aside: even a DNR tattoo on the chest is not considered legally binding against "heroic measures", unless signed by a physician) do so to provide some measure of what the patient might want (due to life expectancy, illness, etc). Survival rate to discharge is HIGHLY dependant on many, many variables - I mention elsewhere that in certain parts of the country, due to concerted education and well managed/funded EMS systems, survival rates can approach 50% to discharge. You are right, though, successful CPR isn't going to negate the underlying cardiac condition. If CPR buys a patient a year to five years, the pain of broken ribs is probably fairly minor in the grand scheme of things. There are, as mentioned, a whole host of advances. My home EMS system does some fairly deep analysis of all CPR attempts and works to revise protocols, including what drugs to administer, through to 'continuing compression through defib shock' (studies done on medical students showing it to be a viable possibility). Ultimately, education is the key - the ability to get skilled compressions more quickly on the chest, continuing to perfuse the brain and other organs has a huge impact in survivability, as well as damage done. Good Samaritan laws cover a layperson attempting to do good (so long as you're not doing something a reasonable person would realize to be actively harmful). In most states, "ignoring" a DNR order is covered similarly. Point of interest: Even as an EMS provider, with a patient who has a valid and active POLST (Physician's Orders on Life Sustaining Treatment - a more detailed DNR, that offers advice on comfort measures, intubation, and the like) - if the family wants heroic measures (CPR, etc), then we are required to do so (though my personal moral and ethical compass has issues with this). I love my Vaio Z. It's a beautiful design and build. Hopefully not buried too deep, but any books recommended for getting into day-trading, either manual, or algorithmic? Kindle preferred, but definitely not the deciding factor. "they already use fairly exclusive materials for their hardware" What, exactly? As someone who has used an iPhone 3, 4S, iPad 3, and many other mobile devices, I'm really struggling to think of a material that is "fairly exclusive" to Apple. Not really, the UK during the Cold War had an ongoing problem with homosexual affairs in the Intelligence community (and the Soviet Bloc would even actively exploit this with agents who would seduce suspected or known homosexual employees) - particularly an issue given the time frame and location - many such people were ostensibly happily married, with children, and faced social and professional ostracization, even beyond legal and other threats aimed at them as a result. It works a lot less for the head of an intelligence agency, a political appointee, during an election season. Not really, Nokia's Lumia 920 does better on most: * Higher PPI and raw resolution * Better camera * NFC Benchmarks, the Nokia wins with SunSpider... Even versus the Galaxy S3, when benchmarked with ICS (though the phone was manufactured after ICS and specifically described as being optimized for Jellybean), the results were a very mixed bag ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4558580 ): iPhone 5 won in Browsermark, lost in GUImark, and Sunspider. (That whole article was a little frustrating - many problems with the benchmarking, and the conclusion) Disclosure: I've had an iPhone 4, 4S, iPad 3, which I recently (this weekend) moved away from to the Lumia 920. Comcast Business uses a modem with custom firmware that provides, among other things, a Management Interface for remote management, and specific support for multiple static IP addresses behind the modem. "Even though EA-18 crew probably wont shoot at the rouge transmitter" Better red than dead...? Realize that in many areas, rental increases have legislated maximums, or increased notice periods for any raise above a certain percentage. This is a cunning way around that. To complete the circle of irony, it seems that some of the developers who were the loudest to shout about standards-compliant web design and development when IE held the reigns are now guilty of much the same thing - the number of sites (and indeed blogs that either implicitly or explicitly state the same) that seem to have been designed with a "Looks great in Safari on my Mac, my iPad and my iPhone, ship it". For one (unnamed example), I recently built a launch page with a service that purports to do just that, provide a landing page of the "Coming Soon" variety, the ability to customize some links, provide some metrics, etc, and give your users a single page as a placeholder. The interface for this design - and more importantly the resultant page for end users - is utterly horrific, largely unusable in Firefox, Chrome and IE10. "Aside from the fact that most doctors are not wealthy beyond belief (contrary to popular opinion)". Certainly true. Cardiologists, on the other hand? Median salary: $362,000 (with 10th% at $247,000, 90th% at $502,000). In terms of procedure costs, Medicare pays a hospital nearly $40 for an ECG (and if you're paying privately, you'll be paying a lot more) - for a procedure that takes an assistant an average of 60-90 seconds to apply 10 pads, acquire a 10-15 second graph of heart activity, and interpret (though any ECG machine in the last decade does rhythm analysis of its own accord). In the field, paramedics routinely run the ECG process in 3-5 minutes. Well, no, it's arguably a "better" machine than the MBA in the sense that it can convert to a tablet, has a pressure sensitive digitizer, higher resolution, better sound system. And a fairly sweet deal for the instructors involved. 24 spots at $20,000 a pop = $480,000 split 3 ways for 6 months work, an annualized income of over $300,000. True, includes the Mac, and facility usage. And not actually a knock, hey, more power - just a back of the envelope. "I have a friend with a base model rMBP who took it into the Apple Store, and they replaced his with the maxed out model because that's the only configuration they had left in stock." That surprised me - I was looking at an MBP purchase at an Apple Store (fairly large one, Tacoma WA). My options were only 4GB and various sizes of HDDs. They "did not" stock 8GB models, or SSD models. Not "were out of", but did not. They offered to install more memory, but at the (already extortionate Apple price) cost of the full 8GB (and give me 4GB back). I ended up buying a Vaio Z, and have been fantastically happy with it: Carbon Fiber body, 13" 2.5lb, with a better processor (Core i7 3612), better screen (1920x1080), better graphics, and 8GB of memory. Oh, and it was cheaper. It is, and in most US states, is heavily regulated, something I don't see addressed by the OP (who in another post makes some veiled reference to Real Money Trading of in-game currencies, another "sketchy" industry). This was approximately two months prior to the rMBP release. I have no doubt that varying stores have different stock policies, but at the fairly large store I was at, it was suggested I order online. That's an amazingly literal interpretation. Take apart a new Mac with Fusion Drive - as far as anyone has been able to determine, the pinouts are exactly the same as SATA, but the connector has been modified enough that it's proprietary now. iPhone 5's new connector is actually what pushed me to abandon the Apple ecosystem: I have a in dash GPS/HD radio/Pandora unit that until now required an iDevice for Pandora remote control. I considered upgrading from my 4S to a 5... I need a new connector. No problem, there's an adapter - $30 or $40 with a chip in it that serves in large part the purpose of ensuring I get an Apple adapter/cable. Great, so now I get the adapter, plug it into the head unit, only to find, guess what, it still won't work - why? Because (and finding anything official on this is nigh on impossible, only outside reviewers) the adapter doesn't pass on the iPod Out control signals. Screw that. I will wait for a firmware update for my head unit. I sold my iPhone 4S, my iPad 3, and am now very happy with a Nokia Lumia 920, and a Samsung 700E tablet running Windows 8. Linux itself works fine - I installed Ubuntu 12.04 for a while, but am now back with Windows 8. To be honest, I never tried the power dock - at home I use my desktop, and only use my laptop away from the desk. As someone with 408 karma, I suspect 500 is probably more accurate. "Certainly there's a way. I left a comment above that a number of cc payment providers, those who cut you a check instead of making you bring your own merchant account, take 15%, without any of the other things Apple is doing. Rep'ing someone's product should naturally cost more than that." Sure there are. There are also plenty that will do exactly the same thing for 3%, give or take. "like Comcast, is systematically overcharging / under-delivering" Whilst I understand that Comcast is a really easy target for customer service complaints, I pay for a 27mbps / 7mbps service. Per my speed tests (not speedtest.net), I get upwards of 40mbps down, 15mbps up on sustained transfers. And service is excellent, on the few occasions I've needed it. Perhaps so, but the human body is an analog system, not a digital. To wit: the rule of 9s for "surface area burns" is an estimate, but treatment will vary based on what surfaces are burned to what extent. One 25% burn patient will differ from another. Another (over-simplified) example: GCS (Glasgow Coma Scale - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glasgow_Coma_Scale ): a score between 3-15 on three axes to measure neurological consciousness. Even in interpretation, the number is often referred to as a single score, when in reality, the three axes (eye response, verbal response, and motor response) can indicate vastly different neurological components and treatment/assessment options. Where I'm getting at with these examples is that systemizing and optimizing checklists and treatment plans can lead to hugely complex branching that seemingly become unfeasible to realistically manage without (exaggerated for effect, but similar in practice) a doctor or RN going to a computer between each treatment step to see the process and branches. From the guy who seems to be leading the Class Action charge: "Guys, I want to love you so badly... I met you at PAX and was worried how the exchange was going to go, considering we're so far behind schedule, updates are very insufficient, and I pledged at a high level ($313). You were very apologetic and assured me that things were going to take off right after PAX, but that is another commitment that hasn't been met. I'll be happiest if I can get my money back, but I doubt that's a possibility. I had time and energy to dive into this stuff earlier this year. Now I'm married, working different hours, and have a very different life. Lots has changed since the estimated delivery date flew by." You were funding a product that you were told may or may not meet with success. You're now going to need to show in a civil court that there was wilful recklessness in the use of funds. Kickstarter sits on the fence, too - it states that the creater is obliged to deliver pledges or refund, but that it hopes requests for refund will only be used for bad faith projects. Given that he gave a video interview in November stating he felt the project had a year to go, and that the pledges specify "Estimated Delivery" only, I think that's a hard road to plow, leaving aside the fact that a malicious, or even unlucky/ill-planned project could keep pushing out the dates. Some investments fail. Too many people view Kickstarter as an online store. "At its current level the US minimum wage has very little impact on anything, positive or negative. Very few jobs are worth so little" Hah. Most of the EMTs not related to a fire department, that take you to hospital when you call 911 are on, well... minimum wage. How's that for unsettling? Each of the pledges has an "Estimated Delivery". While those have passed, I don't think there's anyone here who doesn't understand that there can be a sometimes tenuous relationship between "estimate" and "realistic" when dealing with a "prototype". The communication issue is, agreed, his own worst enemy. "after spending it recklessly" I'm really curious as to how Dustin came to this conclusion - given that many people have stated the project has had multiple developers at times, and nearly a year or more of development. It's a claim with serious implications - wonder what the backing for it is? "For everyone who is a backer and has met Alex personally, please vouch for his passion on Kickstarter. Doing it here does not help." I'd actually suggest the reverse - linking this thread to people on Kickstarter. I think a lot of people posting on Kickstarter need a little more education on what it is exactly that they're investing in. Not likely - the new app offers mobile posting, and that's about it. The Flickr site requires people to pay $25 a year to upload more than 200 photos, and regardless of what you think of premium models, there's intense competition. Flickr itself is stagnant. Years stagnant, we're talking. Features, API integration. I'm really, honestly unsure, even subscribed to their devblog and being a premium customer for 5+ years, what their dev staff are actually doing. I loved Flickr. It's on life support. And the prognosis is not good. "I have a 2 1/2 year old phone, and applications, especially animations, don't render as fast". I'm not entirely surprised, admittedly - and depending on your use case (for me, anyway), it doesn't so much matter. I wouldn't go that far, my ex's 3GS struggled when upgraded to iOS 5, and complaints about that were widespread. Leave it to Gruber to try to spin this pro-Apple: "This iOS 6 mapping saga has been a source of tremendous controversy, but here we are three months after iOS 6 was released and iPhone users now have a better Google Maps experience than they did when Google was providing the back-end data for the built-in Maps app. It all worked out." Almost like Apple planned it that way is the implication. Except the reality is that his last sentence should end ", no thanks to Apple". "I consider Apple’s new Maps the better-designed app, but this new Google Maps is very good. And Google’s advantage in search accuracy goes without saying." You can almost hear him gritting his teeth as he types this, not quite able to give up Apple just yet. "Apple wins (for me) in design, but everything else is Google. But I can't bring myself to explicitly say 'this is the better app'." True, true. But the additional claims from Gruber in this is that "both acting in their own interests, Google's being 'milk you dry for information and revenue', while apparently Apple is this beatific entity, whose interest is 'sincerely caring for ... their customers'." Eye roll Even as someone who can shoot 1,000 shots in a day for a wedding easily... mind sharing, what/how you have over half a million shots of? I'd suspect that on the flip side, if Instagram does intend to do this sort of thing, they will have a well-curated list of "who not to piss off". That being said, said celebrities, professionals and popular persons also agreed to the same TOS... Good article - it discusses things in a good way to get an overall quick look into how the ecosystem works. I'm yet to play with AWS on any significant level, but this is the kind of thing to bookmark. Further to that, are there any recommendations for books/sites/entries that discuss more best practices? I went for years as a RHEL/Centos guy, but over time I've become frustrated with the age of packages supplied. I know there are "solutions", in the form of the EPEL repository, RPMForge and the like, but in the end, they become a stopgap, and lead to all manner of issues with dependencies. I've recently grown pretty enamored with Ubuntu 12, and the ease of package management. For me, the growing integration with LXC (which I love for the benefit of "light" VMs / isolation) is becoming buttery smooth. Support has always been a question, but in 8 years of experience with approximately 50+ servers at multiple locations and clients, I've not once needed to contact RedHat. To a degree, definitely. As someone who works in healthcare (both as a practitioner - paramedic), and whose other job is healthcare IT... I know your example is exaggerated for effect, but there is (or should) be a difference between "general use" PCs in a hospital, and Patient Care / Management PCs (EHR, workflow automation, digital diagnostic imaging, pharmacy and the like). That in itself is a failling of healthcare IT policy. Sure, your critical systems should all be be "certified", but even that is an area ripe for disruption - witness DrChrono in EHR, and I myself am working, or brainstorming on, better "field reporting" (i.e. 911 response laptops / tablets - most software in this field is horrific for usability, though admittedly there is pretty cool functionality, the ability to transmit 12-lead ECG to the hospital for prepping cath labs is fantastic) - definitely willing to talk to people interested in such a thing. Edit: as an aside, I'm yet to see MRI software that wasn't driven by a Solaris backend, or even Irix, though that does demonstrate how this area works. Interesting, I didn't know this, though in retrospect, it should be obvious, versus compilation. Some quite good points: "For example, inside a hospital, operating rooms (OR) are often profit centers, and emergency departments (ED) are often cost centers. The hospital may be receiving subsidies to maintain its EDs based on its ratio of OR profits to ED losses, in which case a product that ultimately makes ORs more profitable may not be worthwhile to the hospital." To an ambulance service (emergency and pre-hospital medicine is my area/passion), IFT (Inter-facility Transport) is a near guaranteed paycheck, 911 response is generally a cost center. DrChrono has it good, because the government will pay their customers (the doctors and facilities) for the implementation. But it's definitely an area that could do with some work in unseating some entrenched and ultimately complacent incumbents. "I would like to insist on the "incentives" topic with a quick example: I previously developed production analysis software to find and exploit the cases where an hospital could be more efficient and thus make more money (long story short, see one of my previous posts on http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4826314 for more details) As I like to say, this is as good as printing money - I can say precisely what should be changed in a billing statement, why, how much it will gain, and the probability to find matching evidence in the patient file." There are entire companies devoted to nothing more than this - taking a ICD9/10 diagnosis, some procedure codes and massaging the bill to get the biggest possible bill (and vice versa, as an insurer, minimizing the same). You should also consider the pre-hospital field - a paramedic/EMT in the field with a Toughbook, etc (where they're not still with paper) is typically using horrible software, with little flexibility to what by nature can be a rapidly changing encounter. I see this every day, and hear the cursing that accompanies it, and think to myself that there is so much that could be done to improve this. I'd also like to throw myself into the ring as someone with significant medical and IT experience curious and keen to do something here. Perhaps contact me (and anyone else is welcome to, too), if you'd like to talk further. The medical supply area is one that is -really- ripe for disruption, to the point of basically cartel-like behavior brazenly being exhibited: * http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/Experts-warn-of-medical-i... * http://www.huffingtonpost.com/martha-burk/congress-should-pu... This is one where, if you had the contacts, you could at least try to do a lot of good, for everyone - but definitely one where you should expect to receive staunch, and ugly, opposition. Very true - on a slightly different note, my company cleans up in the insurance / claims management side by implementing a system of policy management not based on table lookups but by allowing our providers to build rules and flows of their own. You wouldn't (well, perhaps you would) believe how many claims processors rely on database tables hundreds of columns wide to cover every permutation for a policy possible, and how (relatively) easy it is to convert those into boolean logic and simple rules along the lines of "IF AmountPaid > Deductible THEN" etc. We achieve auto-adjudication of claim rates into the low-mid 90th percent, whereas most of our competitors are in the 60s to 80s (and some clients, inefficiently using those competitors, are as low as 30% auto-adjudication when they come to us). But working on the insurance side of things increasingly tweaks my moral compass the wrong way... "Snapchat... . It’s an amazing app, and its insane popularity is just a hint of how I think we’ll use photos in the future." Myself, and a quick survey in the room, of a bunch of various tech, and for that matter photography types - not one had heard of, let alone used Snapchat... Yeah, I have to agree. Photography can be used as a communication tool now, thanks to Treehouse and Snapchat? Thanks, Mr Curtis, for the insightful wizardly pronouncement to the masses. I'm sure photojournalists of the last 100+ years will be pleased to know that there now is a reason or platform for their efforts. Seriously? Curtis lauds people writing a comment on a scrap of paper, taking a photo of it as a means to circumvent the lack of a commenting system on a website and hails it as "Photography's Third Act"? Wow, just... wow. The site that you reference is nothing but a placeholder that says "I now write at dcurt.is". Ah, so he's doing UA sniffing then, I suspect. If you're using IE, even 10, you're not worthy of his blog. Nice design attitude. Certainly possible, plausible, and I'm more than willing to be corrected! 911 response, unless ran very well, and / or miserly, is absolutely often a cost center. You have "frequent fliers" who you may see several times a week, without insurance. Billing sends them a bill, but there's no realistic expectation of payment. You can't, even as a private agency (and should 't - for better or worse, I'm a proponent of "socialized" medicine, even in bastardized form) refuse a patient transport, though about the best you can do is advise a patient that their insurance is unlikely to pay if the ambulance transport does not have. "medical necessity", even with (especially with) Medicare (who requires us to get a document from the physician stating the necessity of "transport in a fully equipped BLS/ALS ambulance"). Add to that Maintenance, drug purchase (must be kept stocked and current, even if rarely used), fleet Maintenance (driving code in a truck carrying N extra 10-15000 lb at high speed places a lot of strain on a vehicle), insurance (likelihood of an accident), insurance (malpractice in this area is usually carried by the agency, not individual), regulatory and other costs, costs of maintaining sufficient crews on duty so you can respond even when others are out doing long distance transports (hospitals to nursing homes, home, or stabilized patients to bigger or more appropriate hospitals) or transporting your frequent fliers, and it begins to add up. It's not the best website, certainly, and it's not the "perfect OS". But Linux Mint, to me, has always been my favorite derivative of Ubuntu (as someone who is not particularly keen on Ubuntu natively, and definitely dislikes Unity). So, on Linux, how would you have dealt with: - a Chrome crash - memory leaks in your video driver software for two of your examples? "no way ... to communicate with the developers": http://connect.microsoft.com/ No Exchange support. As an opioid in rapid sequence induction, potentially used for tracheal intubation. Law and regulations vary, but essentially you can "practice" under the license of a physician (and in fact, throughout the US, that's how EMTs and Paramedics operate, through an agency or county Medical Protocol Director). Everything in that bag is likely able to be used autonomously by a paramedic - it deals with acute care, not chronic, which unsurprisingly is what paramedics are used to dealing with: * childbirth * airway management / ventilation, up to emergency cricothyroidotomy * ET / NG intubation, including RSI (rapid sequence induction, essentially sedation, anesthetization in preparation) * bleeding control / fluid resuscitation * pain management * seizure / neurological * cardiac events, drug administration, manual and automated defibrillation, pacing * diabetic * overdose / poisoning * less common on an aircraft, but trauma, including burns * medication administration via IV/IM/IO routes Most paramedics work almost entirely autonomously via protocols and training, and do not require direct physician approval for drug administration (as opposed to nurses). This range of drugs is quite extensive (my county allows approximately 40, including adenosine, amiodarone, atropine, dopamine, etomidate, fentanyl, morphine, midazolam, lidocaine, furosemide, promethazine, succinylcholine, vasopressin). "Ask for the medikit (only physicians are allowed to use it)"? Are you sure? As a paramedic, I know of several cases where it's been used by paramedics and even EMTs. In fact, realistically (though not for a moment to denigrate physician knowledge, and training, etc), arguably most of the equipment in a commercial airplane medikit is -more- familiar to a paramedic than a family practitioner or indeed any physician whose career isn't in the emergency center or operating theater. Interesting - this is essentially an ALS (Advanced Life Support / Paramedic) bag. One of my EMS instructors: "On scene, any person claiming to be a physician should be assumed to be a dermatologist or proctologist until proven otherwise." It won't, but there are several shockable rhythms that present as "pulseless" that can indeed be converted. AEDs will shock VF and VT, and manual defib can help with others. Depends where you are - In the area around the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, or in the Puget Sound, return of spontaneous circulation rates can approach 40+% for witnessed treatable arrythmias. Actually, no idea why I grabbed onto morphine in that discussion. Our protocols call for vecuronium, atropine, etomidate, succinylcholine. However, we do also use fentanyl if indicated to deal with tachycardia and ICP. One other thing I noted in the original article was bemoaning the lack of pulse oximetry, "to assess if patient was exchanging oxygen". Treat the patient, not the number. If your patient is in respiratory distress but has 100% SpO2, treat the distress. If your patient appears /comfortable/ and /normal/ at 90%, go with what seems appropriate to their case. (In fact, our MPD excludes Pulse Oximetry and Blood Glucose from BLS protocols on the grounds of 'treat the patient' - though my opinion tends to differ on the latter). "Apple has long had a small hold on the watch market thanks to its iPod nano, which is easily attached to a wrist band turning it into a full-functioning watch." Err, for small, you mean 'infinitesimal'. I don't think I've seen anyone, ever, wearing a nano as a watch. Best Buy, when I need something "now", though it has gotten better, has had a nasty, at times outright dishonest history of issues relating to its online experience - at one time they were caught having different pricing when the site was browsed in store ("But online it was $x-20" "Sorry, sir, I'm looking at it here on our website and it's $x" "But I can pull it up on my cellphone and see that it says $x-20")... So I don't support them, but if I need something, ordering for pickup a) ensures the price, b) minimizes upsell, and c) ensures stock (I'm sick, too, of times when there was a display model out but nothing in stock). There's a very interesting book I read called "The Worst Is Over", which discusses this very thing, and talk in detail about how to talk calmly, soothingly and reassuringly to your patient, and the benefits thereof, from the more obvious (anxiety) to the less (pain relief and the perception thereof). That's hilarious - "all computing devices" includes tablets, and even some smartphones. No wonder desktop Windows is "declining" in popularity against that whole market. "A year since then and I've picked up half a dozen new languages" Definitely not an attack or a skeptic, indeed, it may play into your assessment of the worth of the book... But 12 months, 6 languages - how well do you feel you've mastered any/all of those? Perhaps so, but you can't deny that for wider adoption, Google Voice needs to do something about both Short Codes and MMS. Lack of MMS is a dealbreaker for a lot of people, and "text it to my email address", as I explain to friends, is like a paradigm shifting without a clutch (with apologies to Dilbert). And though some may view it as heresy, as someone who has always had a penchant for "high end" phones, has owned and used the 4S, S3, fluidity seems to be a "solved" problem - even on my latest phone, a Lumia 920 running Windows 8 (now my favorite device, despite the lacking ecosystem - the store is my least favorite aspect). Agreed, especially after any real use. My ex- complained bitterly about iOS 5 on her 3GS being horrific, even after the updates claimed to alleviate performance issues. "1) Try to give everybody in the world free internet" Because, of all the areas that is just crying out for free or subsidized internet, Chelsea, Manhattan, with a median income of $81,000 and less than 4% below the poverty line, is just at the head of the line. It was an amazing let down to see this. Despite my 100mbps connection, I get a line of text that says nothing more than "Ask your ISP to join the Netflix Open Connect Network". Yeah, uhh, okay. My ISP is the largest in the country. If you can't arrange your content sharing network with them, I'm fairly sure me calling a Tier 1 CSR reading off a scripted dialog is going to make all the difference in the world. "Netflix can't afford the data at the price they're charging, so they cut a deal with Comcast where they (presumably) pay them for the right to cache static content locally." Ironically, my 105mbps cable connection with Comcast. The SuperHD service tells me to "Ask my ISP to join the Open Connect Network", helpfully. The point is, and maybe I was vague about it, hence my downvotes: If Netflix is offering a service and can't even get the largest, most common ISP that their customers use to agree to their "free" peering arrangements to offer even better content, then that appears a little ... disappointing, and not particularly hope-inducing to me. Yes and no... on one hand, I'm at times frustrated by the app selection, on the other hand, every day I look at the Marketplace, some other app is there (and I realize I miss less and less yet another app I had on my iPhone). On the /third/ hand, I find myself more and more tempted to download VS2012 every day and do some development of my own. KeyBank assessed me $360 of overdraft fees for a single day for a similar thing, where a check/cash was deposited (and it wasn't related to check deposit policy, that much was multiply verified in the arguments with various managers), and I went shopping with my partner for Christmas afterwards. I'm no longer a KeyBank customer (in between that and them cancelling my card for a $1 Roku pre-auth charge as 'suspicious' - but not notifying me, calling, etc, just popping a letter in the mail which arrived three days after I discovered for myself it was cancelled), unsurprisingly, as they refused to budge on waiving the fees (except for one - "you get one courtesy fee waiver per calendar year". The mind boggles). That's not a valid comparison. "State of the art" facilities are not being argued against, but "health of the populace". People also used to (maybe still do) fly to Australia for cardiac surgery. The US may be able to pull in doctors from around the world with salaries that are high (correlating to high healthcare costs), but the regular individuals access to such doctors is limited: if I, talking to my insurance provider in Washington, said I wanted to go to the East Coast and have Dr Oz do my cardiac surgery (leaving aside any, and indeed valid, controversy over him - I was just looking for a notable/famous surgeon), I'm fairly certain they'd balk (and I'm fairly certain because I've worked on software systems that determine such things for insurance providers). Not to mention the processes are exaggerated, and outright deceptive. Funny, why do we need to spend multiple steps "signing in" to Yahoo Groups, and not Breeze? Because, sorry, 37signals, the opening page for Basecamp Breeze is not "Create A List". But I guess you need to exaggerate for effect (this is the same company that defended Apple against the "sequences shortened" lawsuits). Oh, and "(1)", "(2)", "Create" on the Breeze create a list page... Except that's not what the page looks like, is it? ( https://breeze123.com/signup ) "(1), (2), (3), (4), 'Create'"... that's more accurate. So... "look how many steps our competitors take, for their free offering. Ours is less steps (because we'll bundle several of them onto each page), so pay us $10 for that convenience, DHH needs a new supercar!" - sorry, I couldn't resist the snark, but this "marketing" is dishonest. And the blog entry as much so. In fact, I could sum it up largely as: 1) throw dart 2) if target hit, great, if target missed, retry step 1 "Actually, this bug was discovered precisely because people began to perform a more in depth analysis." From Wikipedia: Ruby on Rails - Initial release July 2004 Eight-and-a-half years later, in depth analysis has come about to find this? (The exploit is present through 3.2, meaning it's been around all that time). On what grounds? That they reported a crime, that lead to an overzealous prosecution even after JSTOR said they had no interest in pressing charges, that may or may not have been the reason, or a reason, someone took their life. People here and in other friends are discussing what they consider a blatant misuse of the law. To my mind, attempting to sue MIT for responsibility in Swartz's death would be a similar misuse. At the risk of antagonizing an upset crowd - to me, no, he wasn't. A hero is someone admired for courage and/or other noble qualities. It's also a word greatly overused in culture today. Swartz was accomplished, certainly. Though to me "co-founded the website reddit.com, co-wrote one of many specifications for syndicating content and repeatedly hacked and trespassed to download content to which he was not authorized" does not a hero make. On re-reading, I'll certainly grant you that. I did exaggerate a perspective to make a point, which was a little pompous. Actually, at least to read comments here - many are saying or implying that. Over the last few days, I've read many comments that ignore and/or gloss over any underlying depression and state, almost as unequivocal fact, that the actions of the US Attorney and her Assistant Attorney are precisely and solely to blame for driving him to suicide. I've seen calls to sue them personally, consider what it would get to have them charged with manslaughter, calls to remove them, to sue MIT, to sue JSTOR, to sue law enforcement officials for following valid warrants, etc, issued by the court and US Attorneys. Which also means he most likely never saw it. In any case I've been involved with, it typically takes at least a couple of days after the court filing for a document to filter through the other attorney to the party. I think it's the height of arrogance to tell someone they are a fool for having a different perspective of heroism from yours. I read that article and see some very worthwhile beliefs and endeavors, though beyond contributions to fighting SOPA, I'm not sure what I didn't "know about". So yes, I'll stand by my belief that I don't see anything particularly 'heroic' there. Which isn't to say he didn't make many valuable contributions to things. There's also the issue that classifying Ortiz's handling of this case as "prosecutorial abuse" is a subjective opinion that there is a notable segment of the population that will see it as anything but. So MIT should have had reasonable cause to believe that there was a risk of suicide should they decide to prosecute a case? And that makes them responsible? Is that a road we want to go down? You must not have read the part about Aaron not actually being an MIT student at all - hence the trespass charges. By what right to they have to "take over" MIT and "never let administration back"? It's not their property, and no amount of "cause celebre" or "protest du jour" should make it such. None of which makes my point untrue. That he was not a student there. He may not have been charged with trespass, but MIT was not his alma mater, and thus owed him nothing in that regard. In this context, yes. It would just have been easier for MIT to prevent access. If you can show "damages" to their satisfaction/threshold, yes (bear in mind that, as should be no surprise to anyone here, definitions of damage and the measurability thereof may significantly vary). To be fair to the parent, he does have a point. You are in no way entitled to the free use of such a service. It's great that it's provided and all, but in the end, there may be some, or no, reason, that they want to pull the plug, on you, on a subset, or the entire service. "Entitled" blogs, rants and the like (and to be clear, this entry didn't strike me as particularly entitled, but disappointed) are more the act of petulant children. "McKinsey receives about 100,000 per year." Citation? That's highly dubious. There are 111.5M adults in the US between age 22 and 55. Of those, 64.9% are considered "participating" in the labor force. That brings us to 72.4M. Of those, 61% are considered "blue collar", i.e. manual labor. It's fairly safe to assume McKinsey isn't attracting that subset. We're now down at 28M. Without further subdivision, I'm fairly comfortable in feeling skeptical that one in every 280 white collar workers in the US applies for a job with McKinsey every year. "Is a falsifiable claim. I'm looking forward to Aaron's lawyers' response to this statement." I'm curious. How is it you've determined that Ortiz is lying on multiple accounts, but that Aaron's lawyer must be dispelling gospel truth? "And here is Ortiz in her own press release telling the entire world the DOJ is threatening Swartz with a maximum penalty of 35 years and $1M in fines: http://www.justice.gov/usao/ma/news/2011/July/SwartzAaronPR.... . AARON SWARTZ, 24, was charged in an indictment with wire fraud, computer fraud, unlawfully obtaining information from a protected computer, and recklessly damaging a protected computer. If convicted on these charges, SWARTZ faces up to 35 years in prison, to be followed by three years of supervised release, restitution, forfeiture and a fine of up to $1 million. " That quote in no way says what you claim it does. It makes a comment (as every DOJ press release does) stating the material fact of the maximum penalties available based on the charges laid. It doesn't say anything about "prosecutors are seeking..." "probably"? Yes, it is. Heaven forbid when someone 'kill's the Apache instance on aaronsw.com... EDIT: Sorry, this might seem a bit harsh/shallow, but it was my attempt at pointing out that there is a reaction here that is, in parts, bordering on the hysterical - to use the parent example, "I'm sure the use of 'terminated' is probably just legal terminology"... as opposed to what, "Yeah, we got him, target terminated"? Apparently a material statement of fact that charges x, y, and z could result in a sentence of up to 35 years is a "threat"? People have shown a great ability to leap into conflating the two, a statement of intent versus a statement of fact. It's a lot easier to blame the attorney prosecuting your child for his suicide than to point to his chronic depression (which I've not really seen acknowledged by them)... He may well have done so, but it comes across as disingenuous to mention one very pertinent detail (a /highly/ aggressive prosecution), and leave out another (chronic depression going on for many years). No-one is saying anyone is absolved of 'blame' or being a factor in Aaron's decision. "Lessig is a giant, imagine how much it would take to hurt a man of such stature that he needs to recover incommunicado and contrast that with the piece written by Mrs. Ortiz. Worlds apart." Come on. One was a close, dear and personal friend of Aaron's for many years, the other was someone who saw him as the defendant in a prosecution. It hardly dehumanizes Ortiz to react and respond differently to Aaron's suicide than Lessig, and is something of a pattern in your posts over this week dehumanizing and demonizing her. I work in EMS. I see death regularly, including suicide. Though I see (however fleetingly) the pain of those surrounding the deceased, including their loved ones, I don't feel it. The person is, to me, a person and a patient, but I cannot be expected to have the same dark despair as I would, had I lost a long and close friend, and it makes me no less emotional or human to not have that response. And before that, too. I'm still struggling to see what, if anything, Color did to enhance anybody's life. I'll give you that. Ortiz's statement is impersonal. But on the flipside, any acknowledgement of any impact that the prosecution may have had in Aaron's suicide could be instrumental in a suit, so her hands are somewhat tied. Certainly, though, I'm not disputing that the default mode of many in law (when acting as an attorney) is CYA. This is bringing the worst out of HN. In this thread alone, I've read people claiming that it's unequivocal fact that Swartz committed suicide because of his prosecution, because his lawyer said so, but that we can't trust a single word out of Ortiz's mouth... because she's a lawyer. We have people claiming, in specific terms, that the US Attorneys as a whole have an interest in encouraging defendant's to commit suicide... This is hardly the first article to demonstrate this, and there are certainly many valid issues to be reviewed and discussed, but many commenters here are demonstrating that we're just as capable of turning into a lynch mob as anyone else. "I did not see such a comment. Why not respond to it instead of a new toplevel statement of how HN sucks?" There are some comments linked in my comments page that say as much: - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5079410 - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5073420 Please don't misinterpret, but my comment isn't that HN sucks. There has been a huge discussion on here on this issue, a lot of it productive, and admittedly I take more of a skeptical viewpoint, but have tried to contribute. But that doesn't change that there is a not-insignificant portion of comments that have let passion get in the way of reason (though understandably so, in many cases). This, for me. Ironically, my "partner" regularly wonders why I don't call her my "girlfriend". Perhaps not coincidentally, she is quite a few years my junior. 4+, but only shows nudity if you go to the website in a browser, create an account, verify your age, then specify that you want to be able to see "mature" images. Instead, the rationale from Apple and defended by you and others is that it is better to make the entire app 17+, and deny a whole raft of people the ability to use it, on the chance that they might do the above to "get around" the Apple rating system. It's always insightful to see the hoops that are jumped through to defend Apple. I wouldn't be - such apps are not regulated medical devices. Why should Apple be giving such things the okay? It adds an air of at least implied reliability for such tools, and that's probably not a good place for anyone to be in. (Not to mention, at least for me, such tools have proven horribly inaccurate.) Apple is "forced" to do no such thing, any more than a parent can't sue Comcast because her son found a nude picture on the Internet. Certainly, and it may actually be a red herring. I have a Polar and I believe it to be fairly accurate. My initial impression of a HRM-style app was the more gimmicky pseudo-pulseox LED flashlight and camera style. Apologies for the misleading! With what, their powers of telekinesis? I'm sure your workflows aren't identical to mine. Why would it be to theirs? Except for the fact that there's no improved performance as a result. You don't get preferential mail queue access, there aren't dedicated mail servers, etc. That seems to be much more what he's asking for or expecting out of a paid service, not "here, take some money for what I don't currently pay for". "Not including dates in the highlighted articles on the homepage (and only highlighting two to begin with?)" Which is basically intended only to increase page views. If you're searching for something about web design, and Google's results show the slug for an entry as "Sep 21, 2004", you're probably a lot less likely to read that than the other link that is "current". So, better to take out a date altogether. The only person who loses out is the viewer, who might rely on sometimes vastly outdated information (says me, who has spent the last couple of days looking at Crystal Reports forums and having to discard search results from the early 2000s and even 1990s). Andrea Dworkin and her supporters come close: "In [Intercourse], she argues that all heterosexual sex in our patriarchal society is coercive and degrading to women, and sexual penetration may by its very nature doom women to inferiority and submission, and "may be immune to reform."" Though Dworkin denied it, many, including female, critics, viewed it as such: "Such descriptions are often cited by Dworkin's critics, interpreting the book as claiming "all" heterosexual intercourse is rape, or more generally that the anatomical mechanics of sexual intercourse make it intrinsically harmful to women's equality. For instance, Cathy Young says that statements such as, "Intercourse is the pure, sterile, formal expression of men's contempt for women," are reasonably summarized as "All sex is rape."" Why, because they haven't taken to a blog to talk of the emotional turmoil they are suffering through (allegedly) as the result of these actions? If empathy is a car fueled by how vocal you are in expressing yourself, well... that's not so good. That one person lead a small but notable movement that identified strongly with her beliefs. I absolutely agree that probably the very vast majority of feminists don't think that at all, and my intent was not to claim so, though it may not have been clear. Whilst Violet Blue may be the journalist's legal name, the flurry of trademarking, and other assorted activity, leads me to strongly suspect it is not her birth name. In which case, she has no more "claim" to the name except being "first to the gate" (then aggressively defending it). What a strange claim. "Looking back", he can't help but feel discriminated against due to his height. It couldn't possibly be because of his "no formal eduction, no experience with any big clients", could it? What -should- be the case and what is the case are often demonstrably, and substantially different. Witness government organizations who pay $x for a position, or $x * 1.25 for the same position if you have a degree, for but one example. I've been reading a book called "Cold: Adventures in the World's Frozen Places " ( http://www.amazon.com/Cold-Adventures-Worlds-Frozen-Places/d... ): "One degree of frost was one degree below freezing Fahrenheit. An explorer might write in his journal of fifty degrees of frost - negative eighteen degrees Fahrenheit" Most likely -8F, per my comment upthread. "Andreessen Horowitz Partner John O’Farrell said that there are studies that show it costs $300,000 for a one-hour outage." Huh, what? One hour of outage for who? What? Context is everything. Also, this looks really good, but... what does this offer beyond coalescing of alerts that almost any 'enterprise' level monitoring software does? I'm curious as to how there's $11M worth of work involved in this product needed - plus the $18-36/month/user for ongoing costs. You are perhaps thinking of the Visa Waiver Program ( http://travel.state.gov/visa/temp/without/without_1990.html ), though that is specifically NOT for business purposes. What are your alternatives? OSX, where Apple has no qualms about abandoning technology, hardware or software, within a matter of years (the iPad 1 was EOL'ed just shy of two years old, I believe). XCode and (Snow) Leopard? No such luck. Now, you do mention the Linux alternatives, which seem to be the most stable... if you can get around any infighting of QT... Gnome/KDE... etc et al. But it doesn't seem particularly "fair" to imply that this is something of a risk when you choose Microsoft. But you can't run Xcode on Snow Leopard any more (well, the current version). Admittedly not as much of an issue, as it seems Mountain Lion solves at least some of Lion's pain points. "I didn't really like the article. Honestly, if you're in a light aircraft and the pilot conks out you're going to get badly hurt if you survive at all. Landing a plane feels very weird for a very long time. In a big jet you'd have a far better chance: your controller can talk you through setting the autopilot to take you to a big airport, and then have you set autoland. (Of course, that scenario is pure movie fantasy, whereas the first is actually quite likely!)" That, and a commercial jet is going to have a co-pilot in the cabin, and possibly at least one person more familiar with a cockpit than you flying in a jumpseat. If it's an international flight, then there's usually going to be another flight crew on board, too. "since men at large are not discriminated against based on their gender" Some examples at random: percentage of males in teaching professions, and/or daycare? Breast cancer funding and research versus prostate cancer funding and research, despite the relative frequency of each? Hint - 1:6 men will get prostate cancer, 1:8 women will get breast cancer. But the National Cancer Institute allows for $1,318 worth of research into prostate cancer per new case, and $2,596 for breast cancer ( http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2008/03/06/cancer-funding-does... ) Just some thoughts... "I wonder how many emergency room visits (and deaths) are associated with coffee usage. I suspect the number is negligible, if not plain 0. With billions of cups of coffee consumed daily, I'm skeptical that it's really caffeine that is the villain." As an EMS provider, my anecdotal data would say the number is low, but definitely not zero. Typically, associated with excessive and/or irresponsible usage (witness people who take their first ever dose of Hydroxycut and chug two Monsters, having a bout of tachycardia and an accompanying panic attack - certainly nothing life-threatening in and of itself, but on the other hand, if there's an underlying cardiac sensitivity...) "- Justin.TV's chat system (front and back end; The back end was at the time the world's largest public IRC network, by a factor of at least 3)" Out of curiosity - oh? 175,000 concurrent IRC connections? (Based on IRCnet's 58,000) - that would have been an interesting setup. Has Adrian written on why he left possibly as soon as he was able (assuming that Everyblock was acquired in "summer 2009", and many founders are tied to two year agreements to stay, and he left in August two years later)? Oh, three years changes my "argument" somewhat. But good to read too, and more a matter of curiosity, than accusatory. And I suspect that that is because he wanted to avoid the consequences if he had done so at Harvard - certainly the evidence of hiding identity, appearance, circumventing roadblocks to continue as he did would also point to that. And still no-one covers the Linux desktop. Sadly, GoToMeeting is about the only thing keeping me from converting. And despite multiple attempts, I've not found a viable replacement. Ergo, the prosecutor should have dropped the case... because he didn't want to be branded a felon, or feared rape? As valid as those concerns may be, neither of them is a reason to discontinue prosecution... This is a fairly yawn-inducing story. Congratulations, Apple, the most profitable company in the computing sector, announced an 11% discount on a high end laptop. Should we have an article when Dell bumps fifty bucks off an Inspiron laptop, too? > We don't understand the point of heavily-glued batteries. This kind of planned obsolesce is completely unnecessary. And yet when they tore down an iPhone with its glued battery, nary a mention was mentioned of the inconvenience... This should be more prominent. I want to love Heroku, and am sure that I could. But really, throwing in the towel at intelligent routing and replacing it with "random routing" is horrific, if true. It's arguable that the routing mesh and scaling dynamics of Heroku are a large part, if not -the- defining reason for someone to choose Heroku over AWS directly. Is it a "hard" problem? I'm absolutely sure it is. That's one reason customers are throwing money at you to solve it, Heroku. Precisely. I'm definitely not a startup worshipper; in fact, in terms of the HN spectrum, I'm probably at the more cynical end of the spectrum. But I like the ease of integration, and the fact that, for a smaller application, it certainly helps with my administration and infrastructure overhead. Not "changed how they came up with the number". What you actually mean is "knowingly supplied false numbers" - note that the numbers were the offer rates, and instead, these banks would give numbers that were preferential to their positions, not an accurate reflection. "Fewer keystrokes" Your example, Ruby has 26% more characters (194 vs 154). "I found that they make heavy usage of symbols such as [, ] in code." Your example, 3 sets of parentheses, 4 equal signs, 4 underscores, one colon in Python. In Rails, 2 sets of braces, 4 assignment operators (=>), 10 colons, 4 underscores and a I guess I'm not seeing either the brevity or heavier use of symbols in your example... "The whole Python 2 / Python 3 incompatibility issue was one of several reasons why I decided to focus on learning Ruby and Rails instead." Confused. It seems, and I'm happy to be corrected, that many new Rails versions deprecate, often with little notice, even core components. Or am I wrong? As an EMS provider, I see the same thing. I saw a man the other night who was "sick". An older gentleman, not a "frequent flier", but someone who genuinely should be in the hospital. He was suffering dizziness, and had passed out getting out of bed, and was now experiencing abnormally high blood pressure, a racing pulse, and while an ECG was clear, there was concern over heart issues. I suggested we take him to the hospital. He refused. "I can't afford that. They're already chasing me for $16,000". He worried that they'd refuse to treat him. I informed him that legally, they were obligated to, but of course that would cost money. In the end, he stayed home. His wife promised to either call us again if he got particularly worse, but both of them were reluctant, even then, for him to go via ambulance - "At least that way we can save about $1,000". It is a sad day in a civilized, modern society when fundamental decisions on healthcare are made purely on finances, not quality of life. Except that the hospitals themselves say that the Medicare cost is typically around 10% less than the cost of the service/product. The solution to a 10% shortfall is not to gouge those not responsible for that for at least a 150% minimum profit (up to 800%). Somewhat unsurprisingly, doctors who own an investment interest (or outright ownership of equipment / facility) are 3.7 times more likely to order CT/MRI scans. That is purely human "greed". I somehow doubt that self-selection of patients needing such imaging is occurring. Which either says that other doctors are under-using MRI scans (doubtful, the US orders more CT/MRI scans per capita than any other country on earth by nearly seventy per cent, which to say that doctors elsewhere should be doing up to six times more), or that they're exploring their own "interest" at the cost of the consumer. "We'll send you a draft report at 6pm Eastern. If we don't hear from you by 10pm Eastern, we publish." I'm sure your out-of-hours deadlines were totally non-negotiable, and that holding off on the release til the next morning were absolutely essential, right? I think the "resistive" thing wasn't Jobs, but Apple fans defending his word as gospel. But yeah, iPhone screen size. "If you expect the iPod to do video, you're mistaken". "You don't need copy and paste if you do the UI right". No, MSN Messenger did change it for the sender, too. The receiver of a message's settings determined whether they saw the image. You could turn it off in the Text Formatting options, just a simple checkbox. So I'd disagree with the 'utterly useless' aspect. And this is an area that Windows wins at. In Windows 8 on my tablet, it shows a Mobile Broadband connection. All the Windows Update, Outlook application, etc are aware of this - Outlook says "You may be on a metered connection" and prompts for desired behavior. On my laptop, I can even flag a given Wireless (or indeed any) connection as metered and get the same result. Thank you. Simple as it seems, this just made several things fall into place as a new Python/Django guy. So many people /do/ do this - but how many of them deign to lecture a CSR at a cell phone company on their lax security policies, then write up a long-winded blog about doing so, all the while being blind to, or wilfully ignorant of, their own security faux pas? Oh, and now the CSR knows his banking password too. Handy. Highly useless link. The post linked to consists of no more text than three graphical emoticons. Flagged. "The sample Surface report looks kinda thin to me for $5,000. http://www.metamed.com/static/Meta_Sleep.pdf No kidding. For three pages, effectively (with lots of whitespace). In fact, for $5,000, your actionable items on the subject of "Difficulty Sleeping" are: 1. Get tested for sleep apnea. 2. Take melatonin. 3. Reduce caffeine intake. Seriously? The first item is "get tested for thing you are complaining about"? http://www.medicinenet.com/insomnia/article.htm - I typed in "Difficulty sleeping" into Google, and got this result as the first. It included all three items from the report and took somewhere under sixty seconds to find. Don't get me wrong - this, and essentially anything medical - is ripe for innovation (I'm working on a almost polar opposite idea myself), and there are some good advances in expert systems for diagnosis that I've seen. But if you're attempting to get $5,000 to $50,000 out of someone, the sample report you're showing isn't selling it, at all. One of the deficiencies of US healthcare. Insurance providers will spend a lot of money telling you, advertising aimed at "taking better care of yourself" (that they should "need" to do so is a different, though sad, indictment). Go ahead, then. Tell 90% of insurance carriers that you have committed to, documented yoga, gym attendance, walks every day. Ask them what premium reduction they're prepared to offer as a result. Be ready to hold the phone away from your ear as they laugh. Ask them how much they'll contribute to your weight loss efforts. Then ask how much they'll cover of your gastric bypass surgery. The problem with health insurance in this country is that it's not "insurance" at all. It's amortized healthcare. And surprisingly enough, most insurance providers are not charities. They make a profit off of what you are charged. Pre-existing conditions are a fun one. Actuaries have spend countless hours analyzing and modeling segments of the populace. Along comes John Smith. He's seeking healthcare. He happens to have a pre-existing condition, say, gout. But he's young, in his thirties. He gets a gout flare-up once, maybe twice a year, and a dose of OTC NSAIDs is enough to take care of it. He knows that in time, his condition is likely to worsen, and that he'll need more active management. But right now? He doesn't care. He's not seeking out health insurance as a result of his condition. He's just looking out for his general health. The preponderance of a population to have this condition, and ergo this average healthcare cost, hasn't increased by virtue of him wanting insurance. But you watch, as a carrier will deny him (or at least subject him to extensive waitlisting). Which would go absolutely nowhere to explain why my Pioneer car stereo head unit, which used to allow remote control of my iPhone's music collection, and a Pandora app, no longer works with the iPhone 5 - "iPod Out" would be one of the first protocols you would expect to be supported, even 'out of the box', but, no it's not, rendering an $800 head unit a lot less useful. Perhaps Apple should think of such things first, before "future proofing" things. Despite your defense of them, and whether there was any merit.... this change has the benefit of netting Apple a healthy profit, and rendering billions of dollars of accessories obsolete. A mere fifty per cent more than something that Lightning already can't handle... Flagged. Submitted by author, a blogpost designed to fan the flames." First, understand that this is a blog post, a highly prejudiced thing, completely determined by one self-important person's experiences." Which literally amounts to, uh, "take a vacation from viruses" (no, this really is about 20% of the essay)... "They may lose their jobs, but I'm sure there's people willing to make that small sacrifice for defending liberty." Are you? It's remarkably easy to say that getting fired from your job to make a point is but a "small sacrifice" when it's not your job, your livelihood, your family and/or home on the line. If it's such a small sacrifice, perhaps some people could game the system - apply for a job with DHS (they're hiring! https://dhs.usajobs.gov/JobSearch/Search/GetResults?Keyword=... ), and do this to make a point. In fact, I volunteer you for this noble, but small, sacrifice, that you're so willing to suggest others do. That search functionality is now available on the Roku 2 XS... at lest for a title - search, and it will show you that it's available on Netflix, not on Hulu, or for rent on something else. Well, technically, nothing was censored. So "anything" was asked. Now if it was "Answer Me Everything"... Sorry, but no. I should not hate people because we weren't able to develop another new product that made you another billion. That's not a healthy work/life balance, that's a cult. I'm yet to get on. 80 minutes and counting in a queue. ... Then I got in. And got booted from the tutorial because I couldn't visit another city due to the servers. Color me unimpressed. "To me, this seems insulting. They know most of their upset customers want a refund -- for now -- to feel like they've not quite been screwed over as much vs. forcing them to keep a broken product, and offering them a consolation prize." Not necessarily. Earlier this morning I was ready to do whatever it took for a refund. 80 minutes in a queue, only to get kicked out mid tutorial, to have to wait 20 minutes in a queue again... Whatever they did (well, add more servers), has made the 'server busy' issues basically non existent (I see a status update mid game saying 'Connection Lost', but it has always been restored within moments, and I haven't lost a saved game since). "Keep back 500 feet, not responsible for damage" on trucks carrying gravel or other debris / detritus. Absolutely not the case, and non-enforceable. You just have to be ready to show that the civil balance of probabilities is that the truck ahead of you on the road did damage to your vehicle by way of an unsecured load. It says it goes to their warehouse first for "relabeling", then sent to you, "so you can shop anonymously". It probably also has the benefit of not triggering merchant anti-fraud mechanisms for shipping to all manner of different addresses. I think an MVP of anything related to finances (be it cash, card, or bitcoin) should include SSL and validation. I see there's SSL. In any case, adding simple form validation there would have taken Apparently their MVP includes a "secure warehouse"... but not ten minutes of Javascript? There are many things that can be excused under the umbrella of "... but MVP!". This site is asking people to place their trust in an anonymous entity to the sum of several hundred dollars - I say anonymous because there is ZERO contact information on the site, no address, email (well, other than for Media Requests), or anything. Speaking of anonymity, there are also no corporate registration records for "Bitspend LLC" in Florida (where the domain is registered), or the US, for that matter. MVP or not, this site doesn't scream "credibility". I'm willing to stand corrected. I had done a Dun & Bradstreet corporate registration search. Duly noted! Aside from anything else, and without starting a religious side topic... EMC is donating hardware, for the good of mankind, preserving our history. I'm fairly sure, though, that the Vatican could afford to purchase this hardware, rather than relying on a donation. How many tens of billions do they have "lying around"? They just spent 30M euros on a 12 apartment building nearby, and many of the cardinals live by themselves in "10 room apartments". The Catholic Church may have done good by preserving these works, but realistically, many of them have been steadfastly horded, particularly any the Church sees as 'problematic'. I wonder if these particulat texts will be available digitally, or only to the church's upper echelons? That rule/principle seems a quick route to Wikipedia's meta-drama. Where things are not about what is true, but what is verifiable, and what is verifiable is about someone's arbitrary standards. Where an argument can be "rebutted" with "WP:NOT WP:SOMETHING WP:NORLY". Demanding that other people (ahem) discourse with you in a way espoused by the philosophy of your forum software seems, at best, counterproductive, and at worst, openly hostile. One wonders, would the result have been the same if such "sarcasm" had been used in praise of the library? Would it have been ignored due to "tone", and "not meeting Discourse's goal"? Speaking of which, what? If I sign up for a support forum, I'm signing up for that. If FormumSoft 1.1's backend engine and developers are all about 'increasing awareness of mung beans', am I somehow at fault because OtherSoftwareDeveloperCo decides to use their engine, whilst I personally have disdain for mung beans? Her Joan of Arc screed was in her initial blog post - there was no vitriol until then. Chicken and egg. Right, as someone in Emergency Services (not Law Enforcement, and not particularly fond thereof) in Olympia, Washington, the article is a little biased: the tipster was a teenager who 'insistently and repeatedly' stated that he could specifically identify an AK-47 assault rifle when a police chopper was overhead, the man, 'in his theatrical nature', started 'aiming and pointing his umbrella at the helicopter' (as confirmed by video from the chopper) the schools -chose- to go on lockdown at the suggestion, not requirement of officers one of the schools (that my partner's daughter attends, so if anything, I'm biased towards caution) chose to go on lockdown despite being a nearly three mile walk through medium density neighborhood, and the area already being cordoned off (so of debatable necessity). "city-wide" - a very small city (population 46,000), and an area of perhaps 1 sq mi was actually cordoned off... "multi-disciplinary" - 12 units were involved, including Olympia PD and Thurston County Sheriff. Helicopter, not helicopters... There are valid fears of a police state, but when you are asking the person calling 911, "are you sure he's carrying a weapon, not a cane or similar?" and the caller says "I know guns, and he has an AK-47 with him", and the person in question pretends to take potshots at police helicopter (in the singular), there's probably bound to be something of a response. There's the TOS violations: "fund my life" - buying her daughter a laptop (camp provides IT resources" "fund tuition" - educational camp, pretty self-explanatory And then the rest of the tastelessness - I'm fairly certain a nine year old isn't at all involved in beer cozies saying "I drink like a girl, keep up!" etc. "and others want to teach their kids the value of a dollar" In this case, the value of a dollar being "I'll overproduce a PowerPoint, spam some celebrities and women's groups on Twitter, we'll include a few pictures of you being all cute and smiling, and people will just throw money at you!" "They worked together" - BS. Their merchandise includes beer coolers with adult slogans. Their marketing includes spamming of women's rights groups, and celebrities. You don't honestly believe that this was driven by the nine year old, and not her multimillionaire debt collecting mom, who made her initial fortune squatting on kinkos.com, do you? As someone whose job involves driving a maintained 1996 Pierce Arrow (same model as his, but 15 years newer - funny, the body looks near identical), I promise you, the fire engine (random detail, in the US fire service, this is an engine, a truck is a ladder truck) can NOT stop better than you think, even empty. On the other hand a new tender (or water pumper) CAN stop on a dime, as its brakes are based on it carrying three to four thousand gallons of water, so when it is empty... Fire hose isn't cheap, nor are nozzles (probably looking at a couple of thousand dollars for a 100' of 1 3/4" hose and a variable nozzle. Using the deck gun is another matter altogether, and is not something he's likely to be able to do other than emptying a swimming pool: Most combination nozzles on a deck gun are designed to control flow rate between 750gpm and 1250gpm at 80 psi. A Pierce Arrow typically has a 750 gallon tank, so you have around a minute run time on the deck gun before its empty (and a fire engine pump is not something you want running dry). You can set up hard suction (to draw from a non-pressurized source), but its debatable a) whether you can get sufficient flow at all from the vacuum alone, let alone b) while filtering the water sufficiently (because stones, mud, silt, trash, fish don't go well through a fire engine pump) at a rate to run the deck gun. Sadly, it's not likely to happen without being hooked into a hydrant. You might be able to run a handline or two, but that's about it. "Going through the process of putting up the Kickstarter project creates accountability and motivation for Mackenzie to actually build and finish the game because she now has a group of people cheering her on from the sidelines." Guess you missed the part that originally, there was absolutely no mention of a game or result in the rewards - that was only added after the tornado touched down. At the risk of seeming flippant, but if you can afford to pay a six figure mistake just "so my wife wouldn't stress", then she probably really didn't have too much to stress about, financial burden of penalties or otherwise. The workflow for amended returns is absolutely, utterly, horrific. If I recall correctly, it involves loading your existing return, making changes, and at some point (only vaguely defined in documentation), changing something different (err, this is a very bad description, obviously - but suffice to say, as someone who has no issue navigating complex systems, the times I've done it, it's been a horrible and fraught experience). The IRS is funded on a needs basis, not as a percentage of tax revenue. I read that blog and the impression I got was that she was railroaded by the "audience member". An audience member who specifically asks if there's any "rape" discussion in the talk, then, when discussion of date rape drugs occurs, the organizer says that "the member mentioned that if you describe how to use date rape drugs..." How does random audience member know that a talk will cover such drugs? That's a very specific comment to make to complain. "Oh, if they talk about rape, it's a trigger for me", "and if they explain how to use date rape drugs, that's the same as rape". Pseudo-edit: I read further down the article that indeed her talk was targeted. That being said, I have little sympathy for Violet Blue - she's been known to have a litigious past based on changing her name and then invoking domain squatting and trademark law against others who were around before her. "Go Ive!" It's almost as if no other mobile ecosystem has tried, or indeed is using, a flat UI. But I'm sure this will be lauded as a brave, revolutionary step by many in the Apple world. "Every major version of Windows looks completely different" Except for XP to Vista... Except for Vista to 7... 7 to 8... I'll somewhat grant you, but a lot less so after you hit the desktop. @taligent: I wasn't criticizing Ive so much as: 1) Apple fanatics, and 2) Apple marketing / "the RDF" (that will inevitably describe things thus, like when "video on the iPod is stupid". It'd be a lot easier if there was any real UI on the screen at all in your examples. Of course "just looking at the desktop" is not going to provide much hint. Not sure what relevance multitouch has to the appearance of the UI. That's like saying that there's almost no difference between XP and 7, mere polishing, because of http://i.imgur.com/yZcifMF.jpg vs http://i.imgur.com/Z4TqGSV.png Vista and XP looked pretty close. The real difference was the Gadgets: http://i.imgur.com/kYt9Xqm.jpg which can be turned off (and if that's a big difference, well, "Mission Control" and "Launchpad" mean a big difference for OS X). Yep. I rolled my eyes at this, before I even got to the meat: "I laughed to myself briefly, thinking: “who uses Bing?”, and then realized I was a computer science grad student who had managed to get malware on a Mac, so I wasn’t in a position to judge." But then, I've also head "If you have a pet project, don't make it your first project in a new language - you'll end up hating the project, and hating the language", so it's definitely a variable, and arguably much more related to people's learning styles. If it's that important, buy a TIC (thermal imaging camera). They can be had for under $10,000 and will show you actual hotspots. Walk through, sweeping every item. It's the IMEI, and Apple is certainly not alone in helping - any wireless provider can help, and indeed there are services available to law enforcement to determine if a cellular device is registered to another wireless provider, and contact them. Every cellular provider can also blacklist an IMEI, and it won't be able to be registered on any network, effectively bricking it. If I see direct evidence that you committed animal abuse to kill it, then yes, even then. Databases have always been known as relational, RDMS, etc. In the "old days" I never heard of people referring to Oracle as a "SQL Server", nor DB2, etc. Even now, people talk of Postgres as a "RDBMS", not, "Postgres, a SQL server". So I'd say that I don't particularly agree with your postulation. Exactly. As annoying as it is, this isn't a breach of DMCA in any way, shape or form - it's YouTube saying "it's more important for us to make the record labels happier than it is you". And, for better or worse, that's their perfect right. It does, and the problem is that the new process that was the "final straw" was not a DMCA takedown notice, but instead a policy: ContentID finds a "problem" video, the uploader can explain/deny, and then the copyright owner is allowed by YouTube to make the judgment. While I agree with the subject of the response, I disagree with your interpretation of FERPA. Any student who was in that class would have a clear, unambiguous knowledge of the student's identity, and mere 'xxx'ing of the name is a cursory, even illusory attempt at maintaining privacy. In theory, yes. I've seen more than one woman "confess" that creepiness was more a factor of attraction - that the same behavior from two men was considered creepy, unless the woman was attracted to one, in which case it was considered acceptable, even positively (and though I'm wary of ascribing fiction as another anecdote - witness female-oriented fiction, such as Interview With A Vampire, Twilight, Fifty Shades of Grey as being heavily tinged with behavior that, if there wasn't attraction, even if unexplored / unannounced as yet, would be unacceptable). Because YouTube is the only video sharing site on the internet? Because you are not permitted to run your own web site / server to share your videos? Do YouTube have a legal, moral or ethical obligation to you to allow you access to their ecosystems for your benefit? "direct-to-consumer marketing, which is already illegal in the UK for prescription drugs". No (well, yes), it's illegal in -every single country- in the world except for the US. Only in America does your friendly pharmaceutical giant spend more money and energy on telling you what's wrong with you via non-individualized, vague 30 second spots - "Do you not get excited about anything? Cymbalta may help!" - than your healthcare providers. As a healthcare professional -in the US-, this disturbs me hugely. And for the average American, between 10 and 20 per cent of your lifetime healthcare costs accrue in the last 1-3 months of your life. Beyond healthcare, America has a problem with dying and death, and a willingness to spend vast amounts of money on someone who is at death's door, often in a manner that negatively affects the quality of the remainder of their life, and for what - other people? Sometimes even for no-one. "I think when the UK paid 1/20th of the cost to R&D Trident 2, but got 1/5 of the orders, I'd say yeah that was pretty heavily subsidized by the US to have an ally country with stealth-nuclear capabilities." That's a little one-sided. You forgot to mention that the US got the ability to build military bases on UK soil for no rent / charge. Funny, that this didn't happen when Bitcoin was climbing into the stratosphere, but when it was crashing. When your trading fees are a percentage of the value of the transaction, and you most likely have a large personal investment in Bitcoin, you have a -highly- vested interest in arresting a crash. And yes, I know that MtGox is hardly the only place you can trade BitCoin, but it's definitely the largest. Success for an exchange that makes money on trades whether the price is going up or down is a very different beast to success for someone losing half the value of their investment... [citation needed] - highly doubtful. And let me guess, a letter with a sketch embedded, or perhaps some calligraphy or flourishes isn't really a letter, right? Kinda impressive how many zealots, near-luddites HN has - I think some of the opinions on this topic are more passionate than OS or editor wars. No - not at all, but making absolutist claims about it, and about how no-one should have to "endure" it, does - and there are multiple comments of that nature in this thread. LVM snapshot, that's the way I'd go about it. Is how we do our backups, to maintain a good state. Mount the snapshot, and do the same with it. "Amnesty International frequently criticize Sweden for the conditions for arrestees ... Yepp, that's where Gotfried is being kept locked up..." Apropos of anything else, and without discounting the positives of the work they do, this is one of Amnesty's raison d'etre's - there is not a country on Earth that they do not criticize in this regard. "The courts are made up by politically chosen representatives, not a jury, which further contributes to the banana republic sentencing." As it is in the US, too. There aren't exactly elections for Supreme Court Justices. Let's rephrase, using two scenarios - One: "If a user likes me enough to forward my newsletter to 60 of their friends and one of them -who also happens to be subscribed to the same newsletter- clicks unsubscribe because they don't take 10 seconds to read the subject -and then scroll through the email and still fail to recognize that this is a newsletter they had also subscribed to-, I'm out an extremely loyal reader/customer -who can't even recognize my newsletter- if I don't send that notification email." and Two: add to the end, "when both problems could have been solved at once by requiring the user to confirm the email address they wanted unsubscribed when they clicked on the link, thus providing both verification, and ensuring that a friend does not mistakenly do the same." That's BS. Have an assistant go get your food. You know, as one of the perks that you have as a CEO. Which has the - entirely intentional - side-effect of making you out to be a martyr, whether or not you are deserving of such title. I kept going back and forth between Source Code Pro and Pragmata Pro. For me, at least, Pragmata won. Err, there's not exactly much of a defense: "I decided to keep going but without sharing location information. But hater's gonna hate, right?" You might think this sounds snarky, or is a sarcastic summation - but if you read the (very brief) article, this is actually the sum total of the defense provided. Seems like a horrible and arbitrary idea. What is it meant to achieve? Send a bitcoin to an address? View a block? HTML5 started off well, but is beginning to morph into a cargo cult of 'cool': the return of mystery navigation, "swipe to navigate", many others. paypal:// ... googlecheckout:// ... etc:// Right, and in the meantime he is "selling off" a large part of the risk, while keeping a large part of the reward. Now, on one hand, people investing in Kickstarter should be or need to learn to be aware that they are "investing", and with that, comes risk. But on the other, here is someone who could make this happen, arrange financing, etc, but sees this as a way to be more "independent" (which, coincidentally, also means, "doesn't have most of the royalties and profits sent to the studio but instead to him"), who is asking us to put up the bulk of the risk (shared amongst many), and see very little seeds of the project (and certainly none of the reward). The security of their ability to limit / control / profit off photography of the Derby, primarily. Hmm, I've placed 291 orders on Amazon since 2004, used upwards of 6 cards there, and not had one compromise. About as anecdotal as your story. Maybe there's some old school Microsoft types, etc., because other than that I'm skeptical that only 8 people have made 'tens of millions', but 35 have made 'hundreds of millions or more' (or that 35 have made that at all)... I wanted to like Windows 8, I did. I went "all in" - a Surface, Lumia 920... But I'm out. The OS is unreliable in annoyingly simple ways: my laptop will regularly not re-connect to the network (wired or wireless) when it comes out of sleep, and not only that, the entire "Network/ Sharing Center" tray / charm app won't even respond for minutes. Other network issues too - the Windows Store app will show updates (eventually), but will regularly respond "not connected to the Internet". I dislike, immensely, switching desktop modes. I tried using Start8, but still no. Inconsistency: why does clicking the Settings Charm in desktop mode give a Control Panel option, but in full screen mode, no? Live Tiles work a bit better on the phone, but on the desktop and laptop? Not unless you want to keep the computer on the Start Menu full time. So, for better or worse - and I know there are both - I am moving to the iEcosystem. There was a case a few years ago in Australia where someone realized that their (foreign-issued) card would always authorize, but that the debit would never hit their account. They had a field day (or months). Police estimated that the person had withdrawn up to $2M from ATMs. But people are greedy - faced with a machine that effectively gave free cash, as much as desired - how was this person caught? A gambling spree (go figure - where's the real allure in "winning" when you can "win" at any ATM?) - on a losing streak, he couldn't be bothered to spread his withdrawals amongst multiple ATMs at or around the casino, and in one night emptied an ATM (approximately $100,000), which tipped off the bank, that had only filled it that morning. Some cross referencing, and it was all over. Scarily, the bank noted that until then, there was "nothing that had been flagged in their system" alerting to a problem with this person/account. Sad, when the alternative is no device there, and the owner of the tunnel/bridge can sue the truck owner for damages. Have you seen some of the horrific efforts that populate both the App Store and Google Play now? Let's not pretend that either Apple or Google are curating anything beyond "meets requirements/guidelines/rules", certainly not "brand-positive User Experience". Right - I used to work at Microsoft and, despite numerous memes on Slashdot, and even here, there was no "rule" about competitor products. In my department, we had people working on MacBooks, whose company phone was an iPhone, whose default browser was Firefox, or Chrome. There -was- a heavy dog food culture, and I think that was definitely a good thing. Wait, your source of frustration with Google is that they're not doing enough to move the human race to another planet in the near future?!? I just want to make sure I understand what you are getting at, here. "I managed over 12,000 people at Groupon, most under the age of 25." So mostly CSRs / sales, right? Outbound cold calling and the like. "Haven't you read any business books? Good to Great? Winning? The One Minute Manager?" Why would they? Those are books aimed at business management, not customer service representatives. I'm working as a paramedic. I don't prep for my new paramedic job by reading the textbooks my Medical Director (an MD) does. Cold-call sales reps, often working largely on commission. Perhaps, but more likely cold-calling CSRs have a tightly regimented script that they are expected to follow. And for the last several years plus, the very vast majority of Windows malware has been similar in nature. But that's never really stopped the Apple faithful from being in willful denial about the same. - a recent convert to Apple The content may have been a civil breach of contract for the originator to disseminate, but you commit no breach nor crime by looking at it, as you have no non-disclosure agreement with Apple. Right. And unless the materials were specifically enumerated, even then, it'd be hard to argue that your NDA for software development would apply to "a service manual I obtained from someone who didn't have the right to distribute". When I migrated back from Windows 8/Phone 8 to iOS, I looked at this - but this loophole, from everything I've read, has been closed for a few months now. I worked in RedWest a few years ago. People were fired, more than one, because they were caught bringing in -roller luggage- multiple times a week to fill with varying drinks. It was only noticed and a problem because Catering noticed they were needing to refill those fridges more than twice as much (and there were four commercial sliding glass door fridges) - so a group of people were taking multiple fridges a week home. That's probably in the order of a couple of thousand dollars a week. -That- was the problem. Not people like me who might grab a can of Talking Rain as we left the office for the commute home. So when the smuggling ""problem"" amounted to thousands of dollars a week of goods going missing from one building/floor alone, then yes, they drew attention to it. As for his other points: - Microsoft has its own inhouse printing departments. It was hardly a project in itself to arrange for a small plastic sign to be made and glued. - Yes, Catering has people whose salaried, 40 hour a week job is to handle the logistics of food ordering, and predict supply and demand. People like this are needed when you have upwards of 50,000 people working in your facility. - a $100,000/year theft problem is worthy of most people's attention. If you're stealing multiple commercial fridges-worth of soda a week, it's not even that you're taking it home - you're almost certainly reselling it. So it's not even a perk, it's a commercial gain. Maybe I should have been raiding the Office Supplies and selling them, a la Dilbert. Right. If my co-worker has no problem stealing hundreds of dollars or more a week of stuff, perhaps they have no problem stealing from me, my backpack, or my wallet. Agreed, I don't believe it to be true at all, either. Let's face it, the people who are that invested in reading that they'd consider a Kindle are likely to vastly prefer reading on a device purposefully built for it. My Kindle Paperwhite is gorgeous. I also have an iPad 4, and a rMBP. As great as both those devices screens are, the Paperwhite wins, without a doubt, for reading. Even the iPad is too big, too heavy, to comfortably hold up or above my head for any period of time. People so heavily invested in reading that they purchase many eBooks using Amazon's infrastructure are likely to have investigated the hardware designed for same. And whilst my preference for the hardware over an iDevice doesn't automatically mean everyone will find it the same, I find this claim highly tenuous. Your supporting evidence for this opinion is a blog post that offers no evidence whatsoever? Amazon does however publish Top 100s of categories, and the Kindle has been consistently high in the categories related to electronic entertainment. Perhaps the claim is that Amazon manipulates that list, next... Apple's iPhone advertising was also the subject of several lawsuits that resulted in the (now) wide-ranging disclaimer of "Sequences shortened, screen images simulated", when they spent ads talking about how quick and easy it was to do things on the iPhone, that in reality took much longer than the demonstration implied. How is a diagonal length a calculation of area? There is no way to specifically determine area given a diagonal. And likewise, it amazes me that people think that for all their efforts at combating filters, captchas and the like, that the most nefarious of spammers aren't stripping off "+token"s from email addresses. Right. The very opening content slide title? "Good content requires little embell- ishment." Line break his. Ew. And he's going to chastise other people design aesthetic? And ... ? Flagged. "Second, there's no "line-break", much less it is "his". Get a larger monitor/device or enlarge the browser window. If you're seeing one, it's a hyphenation added by the slideshow service's CSS for widths under some size. Definitely not there for everybody, and definitely not "his"." Nice try. How much wider than 2560px would you suggest my browser window be? And the service, such as it is, allows you to insert line breaks into text. I wouldn't have thought so - I'd think that Linux would be perfectly capable of utilizing the same 'fast boot' logic as Windows has. I think it only applies to "getting into a USB boot / install environment". You appear to be entirely unaware that Microsoft has spent the best part of a decade responding and working with a Justice Department who was acting on behalf of frustrated or outraged consumers and competitors who believed exactly that. They came to a partial agreement with your position, whilst dismissing other claims entirely. Not really fair to reference Google here. After all, the flip side is, "or announce that a flavor that you paid $600 for barely 14 months ago is end-of-life and will not be getting any updates". "There's a problem with glass. As far as I can tell. What Google is hoping for is to tease us into wanting something, that no one has asked for." Uhh, what, huh? You mean to tell me all those movies, cartoons, thousands of sci fi books where people explore a future with such objects, all these people exploring and creating, or describing what a future might be like... ... are not actually asking for it at all. Instead, they're just waiting for what Apple will tell them they wanted all along? Sorry, even as someone who has an MBP, iPhone, iPad, I find this perspective hilarious and borderline offensive. Perhaps you're conflating - the reality is that it's much more akin to "in a manner that implies a relationship, endorsement by the manufacturer that doesn't exist", and similar. And color me unsurprised - of course there's a Moleskine notebook. Actually it was - upstream is a link to an interview where Moz themselves stated they wanted to appear close to Mozilla. There is a little schadenfreude for me. When they launched, there was a significant air of pompous righteousness from 37S about how poor existing offerings were, and how this was the way things should be. That, and their marketing materials for the service weren't just "polished phrasings", but actively lied: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5040580 It would be a bit like eating humble pie for them to recommend Google Groups. They did little hit pieces against Google and Yahoos services, to talk about how Breeze was orders of magnitude better. You would think that. I would think that too. History and celebrities have shown that when the courts think that, these people -still- don't think the rules will apply to them and will either lie about it, do self-serving "community" service, make excuses about how they can't because they are too high profile or busy, or out and out bribe people, either to do the work for them, or to fraudulently attest to their service. You've really lost the plot - you have nothing more to argue than "prove it", "don't believe it", etc., in a manner that amounts to little more than "nah nah I can't hear you". I have friends who are geologic and hydrologic engineers. Their conclusion on reading the 132 page report published was that it was written by persons who similar qualifications, and not laymen. You're the one arguing against reason, that somehow the California state governments ecology agency just employs random yahoos to conduct geologic assessments on natural parks and issue seven digit fines if they don't like what they see, all because we shouldn't be hating on one of the Facebook guys... The superfluous FUD that you quoted was actually the article quoting the carrier, and their excuses for doing such a thing. Apparently with my Retina MacBook Pro with 10.8.4 and Safari 6.0.5, I "need to upgrade my video drivers", according to the site... Why leave Apple off the list in the title submission? (Because they deny it? Then better leave Google off the list, too - they deny it as well). Good luck finding someone who is willing to risk his own reputation and livelihood, including hireability (after he and the company have the shit sued out of them by their shareholders, including institutional investors), as well as the livelihood of his employees. How has Assange, credibly, risked his life for this issue? There hasn't been any documented attempt upon his life, and very few on his livelihood (what serious attempts have been made to shut down Wikileaks)? Hyperbole does nothing to help someone who, in the eyes of many, appears to be increasingly a victim of his own ego. Cloudbreak would have been awesome for the introduction to the new naming scheme. Exactly, that's all the MBA refresh was - much to my girlfriend's disappointment - no retina display (but if the Air got a retina display, there ends up being very little to differentiate between the Air and the new Pros). That is absolutely, utterly subjective and anecdotal. I think blaming Google for iOS 6 adoption not being (even) quicker is grasping at straws that in all likelihood don't exist. "iOS's 'fragmentation' between ios6 and 7 is totally different than androids because its temporary." Says who? This change is much more major and, despite what Gruber and Marco would like to have you believe, is not design perfection personified, and is likely to be polarizing. As another user of iOS 7, one of those kinks - the "new" keyboard is only available in Messages. Err. They also have placed imagery and video of it all over their (general, not developer) pages for iOS. They've provided high res imagery and video for the media. It's effectively introduced. And I say that as someone now running iOS 7 and OSX 10.9. I see a lot of potential in both, but iOS needs a fair amount of polishing. I'd absolutely agree. I'm sure I'm an outlier, but I'm definitely recognizable - my calls: * my girlfriend, in my town (Olympia, WA) * the ambulance company I work for (also in Olympia) * my "daytime" employer, a software company in Scottsdale AZ Even the convergence of 2 or 3 of these calls would likely identify most. No, not licensed. Not according to most non-Mac sites, nor Malcolm Gladwell: http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2011/05/16/110516fa_fact_... Not one mention of any license. Another remark: "They did not license the technology. Xerox had invested in Apple and owned 20%. As one condition of the investment, Steve Jobs got a tour of Xerox Parc. As another part of the investment, Xerox asked Apple to buy business and liability insurance from Xerox's insurance subsidiary. Apple did. Xerox management later learned that they could sue Apple for huge amounts of money - most of which would then be paid by Xerox's own insurance company." Maybe that's a bigger store. Tacoma WA, my 15" RMBP was only available in-store in the absolute base, no customization models on the online store. Anything else had to be ordered in. Er, what? How can you say "more storage is unnecessary" as a blanket statement of fact? "Unless they are in some weird tax situation where a dollar written off is worth more than a dollar earned (unlikely)" Actually, quite likely - $1 written off has a net "value" of $1 when written off, adjusted tax, etc., whereas $1 earned is actually $1 minus corporate tax rate. I have to agree here. I like the strength meter, as something different, but it does take up more space, and the argument that either the "bars" are misleading to strength, or that this is any different (for those who haven't seen, iOS 7 has a series of four, or five, circles, that are hollow or filled, to indicate signal strength), or better, is a highly subjective, questionable judgment, and often boils down to "well, it must be better, because ... Apple." This, seconded by a current firefighter / paramedic. Any fluid leaking from the vehicle would cause us to charge a line. And was needed for suppression on multiple occasions. I disagree - Lian Li has a V1020 case that I used and loved: http://www.techeta.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/Lian-Li-PC... http://www.overclockers.com/lian-li-pc-v1020-case-review Nokia N95. First available March 2007, three months before the iPhone was introduced. * Memory - 160MB, versus iPhone: 128MB. * CPU - Dual CPU, 332 MHz Texas Instruments OMAP 2420 (ARM11-based), versus Samsung 32-bit RISC ARM 1176JZ(F)-S v1.0 412 MHz * Display - iPhone: 320x480 18-bit 3.5", versus N95: 240x320 24-bit, 2.6" * Network ability: HSDPA 3.5G, versus iPhone: GSM/EDGE * Camera: 5MP, versus iPhone 2MP Much as the iPhone was lauded - one of the criticisms leveled at the iPhone was that the hardware was quite underwhelming. My specs were lifted from the respective Wikipedia pages, but this is hardly a subjective or minority opinion. To quote you: "Citation"? What iOS features have been present for three years that Android is just now getting? Let's be clear too, three years ago, iOS was at version 3.1.3. I would love to be enlightened, as an iPhone 5/iPad 4/rMBP owner. "The Nokia N95 was a top of the line phone" Whereas, of course, the iPhone was brought out as a budget, bottom line phone, marketed at low end consumers, given away by carriers... Only in the RDF could a phone that was 15g lighter (120 vs 135), and smaller (99x53x21mm vs 115x61x12) be described as "bulky". Of course, "bulky" will be redefined shortly to mean "less deep, which as everyone knows, is the only metric that matters" - just like the iPhone's aspect ratio was perfect - until the iPhone 5 came out, of course. I love that he only quoted his songwriter royalties (shared with the band), not his performance, and artist royalties. "On iOS 7 they now have a full rigid-body physics engine built in and comes with a nice high level API for developers to take advantage of." That's great, but the original comment I was discussing was the claim that "Android is just now getting what iOS had three years ago". iOS 7 is three to six months away, still. Right. I'm a paramedic, and if I hold someone of sound mind against their will, that's kidnapping. Even more so, these people. > "it may even be arguable" (though I think you're seriously stretching there) He's not stretching - it's one of the very textbook definitions of kidnapping, forcibly preventing someone from leaving a situation. Put it this way, if I, as a paramedic, am on scene of someone who has a medical need, but is of sound mind, if they say "no, I want to get out of this ambulance" - even if we are going lights and sirens to the hospital - for me to refuse leads me to charges of assault, kidnapping, and malpractice. The latest variations of this put the transparent JPG in the source code, then load in the image via JS with a lower Z layer. Now you move from "View Source", to "Developer Extension, watch assets, copy initial URL, paste, save". There are multiple tools that allow someone to post to multiple services at once, WordPress, Facebook, Tumblr, and the like. There's nothing wrong with posting meaningful things on Facebook, G+, or whatever. Just keep track of the things that mean something to you. This looks excellent. Definitely worth some more investigation, thanks! "Several people released from GTMO have later been killed or captured in armed conflict with NATO forces." I think few things would want to make me take up arms more against an invader than the false imprisonment of myself or my family at GTMO for said act. Glad to see some of the complaints about dead-end development have at least been partly addressed by the back porting of bug fixes. SecureCRT isn't perfect, but does very well in balancing power with usability, for me. Heaven forbid a business's policy to provide food and drink to the homeless interferes with and limits your "understanding"/acceptance of their not desiring you to spend the day using the Wifi whilst not spending money, probably whilst claiming that you benefit the business somehow by "creating atmosphere"... And all the while using a resource that the actual customers pay for. Although I'm sure next will come the claims that an open Wifi network, rather than a mere administrative convenience, is an "invitation". As an ex-Senior PM for MSN.com, well, lots of people. When I worked there a couple of years ago, we were the fifth most visited website in the world, averaging 7,100 articles read per second. But hey, I realize it's not hipster-chic. Let me paint you a picture - an accurate picture, as agreed by both parties in a court of law. Whilst I did not witness the incident, I was an EMS responder. And whilst this did not end in a death, there are many a parallel. A young man, in a hurry, changes his plans, and driving. He pulls in to an old fire station, turned scout hall, where some boy scouts are having a meeting. In the courtyard that was the engine apron, he yanks the steering wheel and makes his wheels squeal, sprays a little gravel. Two parents who are outside waiting for their children yell at him. He gives them the finger. They say he's a dangerous driver and that they're calling the cops, and he'd better stay. He says "No, I'm leaving". Voices are raised. The driver decides no, he really is leaving. The parents decide (rightly or wrongly) that he isn't - they're making a citizen's arrest. He puts his car in gear. From each side, at the same time, the parents open his car door. They admit that it's to stop him. He admits he panics. He puts the car in reverse and hits the accelerator - the open doors catch both parents and knock them down. The older parent breaks his hip. The younger one, however - much worse. His head is caught between the asphalt and the bottom of the car door, and as he reverses, the man's head is dribbled almost like a basketball between the two, before the driver gets free, and flees the scene. The other parents call the police (and EMS). The driver is picked up nearby and charged with vehicular assault and leaving the scene. Had he, however, left the scene and immediately called 911, the parents would have been the ones charged, with kidnapping / false imprisonment. The driver's defense, and one which stood in court a great deal, was that the parents had already demonstrated a willingness to physically restrain him against his will for a tenuous "crime", and after his panic, who is to say that he wouldn't be in further physical danger? The younger driver, as it happens, recovered fully - after an intracranial hemorrhage, surgery, a medically-induced coma, and a 1 1/2" hole placed in his skull to drain blood. So, no - be careful to paint such broad black and white brush strokes. That it can't be assumed to be a fait accompli that "negligence" or vehicular homicide is involved in the scenario of anyone leaving the scene of an accident. That it can't be assumed to be a fait accompli that "negligence" or vehicular homicide is involved in the scenario of anyone leaving the scene of an accident. That doesn't account for the 7,100 articles -read-, not the home page visits. Exactly, resample in Lightroom after post-processing, not early in the process. EVE: Very true. It's a game that's entirely possible to get involved in to a level that is a different kind of obsessed than, say, WOW. EVE is all about people, interaction, politics, planning. WOW Raids, however complex thy get at higher levels, just can't ever compare. I've started, and stopped playing, many times, because of it. Apparently it's fine when "we" walk WHOIS files looking for domain names to sit upon purely for resale... just not when "they" (faceless non-geeks) do it. Not sure what relevance a shooting in a jewelry store has to do with HN... The Paperwhite has revitalized my love of reading, lost since childhood. Absolutely. I buy a couple of books a week now. I had the original Kindle 3G, but the Paperwhite is fantastic. Slightly more powerful than an "ambient" light. I can lie in my dark bedroom and read with it above my head and not feel eye strain, and not wake my partner. Agreed, though - the conversion process can make or break things. Some publishers do an astounding job at tweaking, hyperlinking, and the like - others barely do more than you get from some freeware conversion tools. I saw a link here just the last few days (or perhaps Gizmodo, looking now) that showed vastly improved PDF conversion - will edit/share when I find it again. Edit: PDF4Kindle: http://lifehacker.com/pdf4kindle-converts-pdf-files-to-nativ... That's also the reason why in almost all places in the US, ambulance rates are regulated. If you have a concern with the price of your ambulance ride, contact your county or state - or the ambulance company. We (as paramedics and EMTs) are also required to document the medical necessity of transport, without which Medicare, and insurance providers will likely not cover the bill, and (at least in my company, and others) is a good way for you to waiver your bill. As a general aside, though, treatment of unconscious persons is done on the presumption that they would want the most expedient and appropriate emergent treatment. Bleh. I think his "correction" is as 'horrific a travesty against language' as the original: "John Smith wanted to make your day so John sent you a gift card." That is not even remotely elegant. Launch rollout: "Here's a collaborative engine, to help you work and interact with others. Others who likely won't be able to use the product, because we'll make invitations rarer than six-leaf clovers until we pronounce 'failure to launch', kill the product, and then open it up more." Then find something else - I fail to see how you have a particular right in this case for Tumblr to provide your adult content to you. "So long as you're not poor..." I had a kidney stone a few weeks ago. All told, the bills for dealing with that hit $34,000. For a kidney stone. That's not about being poor or not, that's highway robbery. As an aside, "bowing to the English Crown" - the BAT, South Georgia, BIOT don't actually have any native population, and Pitcairn only has a population of 60. I'd expect in most places you'd get damages, and most likely the costs for the ensuing transplant (after all, you were needing to remove the left kidney for a reason, so now you have no other option). "monthly incoming way down while claims go thru the roof" Claims wouldn't go through the roof - the availability of "retroactive" insurance wouldn't increase the number of car accidents. And for bonus points, the card issuer is known from the first digits. But perhaps a copyright issue to display logos. "The content on HN became quite politicized after the NSA scandal.” To me, not as much. The most poignant catalyst, at least in recent times, to me, was Aaron Swartz. It’s just grown from there. "I think there are plenty of ObjC fans, /but/ ObjC /developers/..." Note the emphasis. Citation needed yourself. For the claim that people with devices that show the time actively and largely don't want the time to reflect the location's timezone. Phone, yes. Laptop, yes. Times are still stored internally, and the timezone represents a localization. And if I go across the world for the weekend I see that locally, it is UTC+10, while entries in a DB are timestamped accordingly. Then I return home and I can look at the clock in my menu bar and see my local UTC-8, and all the while entries in a DB are timestamped accordingly. I'd love to hear your use case for "if location and correct timezone can be reliably determined, it still should not be adjusted". I do. One presumes that Microsoft, Apple and other major OS developers did exhaustive UX studies, and that this - "determine my location and set the timezone representation of the clock to that local time, rather than the original" - wasn't something that a significant portion of people felt. Why do I say this? There are very few use cases I can think of - though I'm happy to be educated otherwise - for doing this differently. In addition, Outlook and Calendar on my Mac both pick up TZ changes and automatically re-render my calendar appropriately. I really struggle to picture a use case of "I fly from my home in Seattle back to Australia, and yet I want the clock on my menu bar to display a wall-time 18 hours behind my current location, rather than displaying the current time where my eyeballs are at, and changing back upon return". Actually, I can think of one - the fear that poorly programmed or tested applications may handle this incorrectly. In which case I can understand this desire, even as a facet of "solving the wrong problem"/shooting the messenger. I feel that you are taking a narrow-minded, absolutist view here. "How do I know that my OS got the time right?" Well, have a look. I've often changed the DST switch manually after noting it not being correct. It wasn't then overridden by the OS "knowing better". Similarly? "Developers have had no chance to test and update these apps. Reviews/ratings are very important to sales and products.” No chance? How so? These are Apple-registered developers. They’ve had no chance to test their app against iOS 7? Yes, they have. I loved Amiga as much as the next guy… I remember installing a Kickstart ROM as a fourteen year old. But what desktop paradigms does Amiga offer now that aren’t present in other OS’s? In fact, Bootswatch already supports v3, and for themes that support both, it handles that appropriately too. Is your attorney really yours if you've not paid a fee or retainer? I can't remember where I read it, maybe even HN, but I'm regularly reminded of this quote: "Never use a new language for the first time for a project you love or that's important to you - you'll end up hating both the language and the project." Why do you decry Google for the Nexus One being "obsolete", released in 2010, not getting any updates... when you have an original iPad from 2010, which is stuck on iOS 5.1? "It's clearly a business device for office work, and doing office work in a cafe feels like an imposition." Better tell my girlfriend. She's a nanny. I just knew she should have bought an iPad. "You can pull out a Thinkpad from 10 years ago in a full Starbucks if you like, but most people wouldn't enjoy doing it - and even apologize for it, if they got curious stares." What on earth are you on about? http://www.thinkwiki.org/w/images/8/8a/ThinkPadT30.jpg Yes. I'm sure people would "apologize for [daring to] pull it out in a Starbucks". Seriously - what are you on? "Kudos to the author for even daring to mention it." No. Nor to you. -- signed, someone who owns an iPhone 5, an iPad 4 and a RMBP. Right - just like those TV shows encouraging the whole thing. "So, you put $10,000 of renovations into your kitchen. That increases the book value by $50,000." Uh, what? All sorts of people, for all sorts of reasons, were whole-heartedly drinking /that/ Kool Aid. > The saying that comes to mind is "possession is 9/10th of the law". The saying was never really that - only through bastardization and a gradual veering away. In fact, it was that "possession is nine /points/ of the law". Actually, this is the way I'd look at it too - speaking of someone who was guilty of being very 'jacky' in managing a PHP production codebase. Throw some code inside a function to deal with whatever issue you're having and call it good... In Python, it almost feels like that is akin to changing gears without a clutch... and I've only theories as to why that is. > The general feeling I've gotten from people around me is that they like iOS7. More anec-data: whilst I personally like it and have run it since beta 1, most of my non-tech compatriots (young users) either actively don't like it, state "this is going to take a while to adjust to" or are entirely unconvinced this is better. At least two have posted on FB asking if anyone knows how to take them back to iOS 6. Without hijacking the subject / topic, this is one of my pet peeves... many EMTs and paramedics, even unionized, are absolutely responsible for lives, directly, as a job description. Yet you will find that the national average salary for an EMT is $19,000. That's $3,000 less than the person that makes your coffee at Starbucks... Paramedics, who do even more, including being entrusted with cardiac drugs, narcotics, and skills up to and including cricothyrotomy, often fare barely better than said barista. The US Government pays huge subsidies to US airlines that aren't extended to foreign airlines. It also has rules in place that do not allow foreign airlines to fly domestic routes in the US. Perhaps the UAE(/European/applicable foreign) governments should start charging US carriers an extra fee to combat the subsidies when they land abroad. I'm sure no-one would complain about that or attempt to use the US government's muscle to fight it... How are you doing this? A simple hotkey, or … ? That number is a hybrid number for EMT Basics and EMT Paramedics (- and admittedly I'm guilty of doing the same thing in my original comment) http://www.indeed.com/salary/EMT.html Shows EMT-B salary at $19,000, and EMT-Paramedic salary at around $41,000. Source Two: I worked as an EMT-B. Starting salary was $9.60/hr ($19,200), with 3% annual pay raises. Gambling isn't, in itself, shady. Educated adults know that there's a risk. There are the compulsive types for whom it is a problem. On the other hand, search for "Betfair doesn't pay out" and you see dozens of stories, often by 'big media', of repeated and numerous instances where Betfair has suspended accounts that have won money, and even voided all bets on an event where they stood to lose a lot of money. Why would you hope that? This is someone who has made money from this situation, and if it is a scam (which I strongly believe it is), I don't see a lot of value in 'well, for his sake I hope his lawyer told him to be quiet' (because God forbid he demonstrate guilt or complicity in fraud...) Analogous: LA Fitness. You can become a member online, over the phone, in person. To cease being a member, you have to send a certified letter to a certain address, and you have to make sure it arrives by a certain time (up to two weeks) before your next renewal date. I read an interview where one worker said they literally had someone whose job was to throw away all non-certified mail, unread. I'll give you that - in hindsight it did come across as a little leaping-down-your-throat. Duly noted! Nothing to be confused about, if you realize the underlying rationale - which is not that they can’t pay the military, but that if they don’t, or threaten not to, that can be used as leverage for whatever else they may want. Ugh. So many problems: 1. It's a violation of "Kickstarter cannot be used to fund e-commerce, business, and social networking websites or apps." 2. This is a website, right? Then why: "Travel to the eleven biggest bike cities in the United States to meet with shop owners and give them the ability to register bikes for free (the cities: NYC, San Francisco, Portland, Seattle, Philadelphia, Madison, Tucson, Austin, Denver, D.C., and Minneapolis)." (Awesome, let's use Kickstarter to pay for me/us to take a trip through the US "to meet with bike shop owners and give them a chance to use the website"...) 3. "Offer region specific recommendations for reporting bike theft to the police." - so an extended goal of this site is to "recommend how to report to the police, customized for regions"?!? 4. Some stickers. 5. Oh, and you have to pay to register with the Index. And they seriously want $50K for this? Sorry for the cynicism... but this is a website, some stickers, and a tour of the US for the founders.