Yeah, that was one of the goals. Ink is supposed to co-exist with existing layouts when you have a legacy to maintain. Well, IIRC Ink came about due to the need to quickly build out sites like that (you'll notice SAPO is involved in a bunch of other services like that), and things dovetailed together when the site was revised recently. Nope, not a skin. It's a very different beast in terms of grid layouts, for instance. Please do, and feel free to file issues on Github: https://github.com/sapo/Ink Thanks for the heads-up! Like the other guy said, IE7 isn't that rare in Portugal. it's a sensible baseline for SAPO, which, incidentally, runs the biggest web portal in PT (I work there). And yes, corporate governance regarding browsers does weigh in heavily in mass-market sites here, so we have to make sure the layouts don't break - Ink enables delivering a predictable, working layout that degrades gracefully down to IE7 for that reason. Which, incidentally, don't require you to use jQuery. Just sayin'. (it's agnostic). You've just made one of our design leads very happy - we're very proud of that page. Well, we're not actually selling, but rather giving it away :) Seriously now, it's been in internal use for a good while because it solved problems that Bootstrap didn't address (like the particular grid flavour and some corner cases in responsive layouts), and the best way gather feedback and improve it is, of course, making it public. Well, like I said above, it addresses some internal issues my colleagues had. It also tries to make a lot of things simpler for web designers (especially regarding the grid system) without tying you down too much. We have always been at war with Eurasia :) Seriously now, yes, Bootstrap has always had forms. But as a developer who merely dabbles in design, I personally prefer Ink's markup because it's responsive off the bat (at least compared to BS 2.0, haven't tried 3.0). I do something else that is a lot more readable: { "#": "this is a comment for the next line", "url": "http://foo.bar" } Simple. Carmack has been edging towards this for a while now (not Oculus, but the concept), and I foresee great things. OTOH, considering I played all of id's games up to Doom 3 (which I found a tad too creepy), I hope they strike a good balance between display smoothness and sheer unmitigated fun. I miss a good Q3A CTF. Nothing beats that moment when, late in the evening, you hear someone shout "GET THE FLAG!!!" across an open plan office. I've just updated my unofficial Mac OS X build (featuring alloy's native sidebar with a file tree): https://github.com/rcarmo/macvim/releases/tag/7.4 It's a tad controversial, I know, but I find it vastly more friendly than NERDTree, and I know quite a few people were looking for alloy's builds a while back. EDIT: screenshot, from an older build: https://f.cloud.github.com/assets/392683/793013/469e0c62-ebd... Hi! Are you sure? Check out my build: https://github.com/rcarmo/macvim/releases/tag/7.4 EDIT: link to fixed release. Yeah, that was only in the README. Fixed. Hmm. I guess turning on Lua was a bad idea. Apparently forcing a static build didn't work right. Will be fixed in around 20m. EDIT: fixed! Disabled Lua for now, I have both my own build and brew's installed, and it will take some time to sort out. That would be grand. I've been using this for a few months now, and everything works OK - it was only this build that included Lua support (since I enabled it locally for myself a while back), but I've already tested the fixed binary on another Mac with no ill effects. Just grab a fresh DMG from the same place. Google me, it's easy :) I'm positive Lenovo will be thrilled to think people are mistaking their stuff for Apple's :) 2 things: - Jump Desktop works _a lot better_ than anything else in my experience (I live inside an iPad hooked up to XRDP) - Android terminal bindings are perfectly OK in https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jackpal.androi... , so I'm curious as to what exactly was the problem you had (I also have an ODROID-U2 which I use as both an RDP client and an SSH/tmux client with extra smarts) Interesting. Serendipitously, I just came across some GSOC posts regarding getting Java on it: https://groups.google.com/forum/m/#!forum/plan9-gsoc If that turns out OK and someone manages to port a browser over, it might be a good environment to do run Clojure. I suppose most people here aren't familiar with Cringely and his completely off-the-wall "revelations", using just enough facts and tossing in a few plausible (and deniable) "pseudo-facts" to spin a good yarn. FYI, iOS7 does _not_ support a mouse. Yes, there were jailbreak hacks for it. No, Apple has no interest in making the OS navigable with a mouse (even though the changes involved are actually pretty minor). Yes, apps can try to go their own, but good luck with trying to pair any other HID device besides a keyboard (or a few custom devices such as styluses) at this point. Also, as someone who's been successfully living off an iPad as a thin client (using SSH+RDP to a remote X11rdp server), yes, the iPad makes a kick-ass thin client, good enough for you to develop in (despite the screen size). It was even better when I could use Citrix/ICA, but perfectly usable in every respect. But, again, Apple doesn't care about thin clients - otherwise they'd have shipped a working ARD (Apple Remote Desktop, an enhanced VNC protocol with proprietary extensions) from day one. What they believe in is a nice, smooth, local integrated experience. This is amazing. FYI, this works out of the box with Mac OS X Lion's system Python and the gfortran compiler from homebrew - that's the only thing I need to install separately (Xcode and brew are required to install that, of course, but most people doing any sort of coding seem to have them anyway). Also, a tip for those of you wanting to do the same: I'm running IPython notebook, ggplot and all required packages under my user account without any hassles whatsoever thanks to this: $ cat ~/.pydistutils.cfg [install] install_lib = ~/Library/Python/$py_version_short/site-packages install_scripts = ~/Library/Python/$py_version_short/bin install_data = ~/Library/Python/$py_version_short/share Just set $PATH to include the install_scripts, run pip, and you're all set. Everything just works, without the need to install another Python interpreter or mess about with system components. (edited for formatting) Nice, but a couple of months too late for me. I've switched over to Parallels 9 on the Mac, and it is _much_ faster overall (not to mention better USB support). Also, I highly recommend Vagrant users to look into the vagrant-LXC plugin - that, too, is one heck of a lot faster than using either VirtualBox or VMware providers. I've documented my setup here: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/HOWTO/Vagrant Hmm. If only it supported SSH tunnelling out of the box. Seriously, RDP is not exactly "safe", and SSH gateways are common in mixed shops. I use Jump Desktop because of that alone. Yeah, but xrdp doesn't. And there are plenty of exploits available for RDP servers of either flavor. I'd never leave RDP open on the Internet. I'm not using Windows as a server - I'm using xrdp on Linux to access remote X sessions, since it's MUCH faster than any alternative (nomachine, vnc, etc.) Nice! Any chance jQuery can be removed as a dependency? Also, it would be nice to have the image block added to the demo. I'm rather unimpressed by the implementations of the Python benchmarks, and surprised there isn't a single mention of gevent - that alone would have speeded up, say, Bottle by nearly an order of magnitude. We use uWSGI + bottle + gevent for REST APIs and a relatively humble box can reach flood a gig Ethernet link with _useful_ replies. And, of course, any decent implementation will cache computed results, etc. (but toss Varnish in - which we haven't, yet, since there's no need - and you'll outperform anything else for cacheable replies). Incidentally, I've just updated https://github.com/rcarmo/HJKLPlugin with the new build UUIDs. You still need to self-sign it, but I'll eventually publish a binary. Too bad that miscellaneous issues prevent them from getting an Android port out -- regardless of RAM and CPU requirements, I've been trying to get a decent accelerated web view going on it since I first got one, and _nothing_ works well enough (Qt5 took forever to stabilise - and still isn't quite there yet, X11 still has no hardware acceleration, there are no browsers that take advantage of Wayland, Firefox OS is still not stable enough, and even the JavaFX preview ships without a web view). But hey, they can play back video pretty OK, so I eventually settled on a mix of video and live streaming a desktop browser rendered on a normal PC: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/hw/RaspberryPi/Streaming Thing is, omxplayer crashes out of the blue for no apparent reason (either halts the player process or locks up the RPi _completely_, on any hardware rev) and have an alarming tendency to corrupt SD cards, so I'm moving to the Beaglebone Black ASAP. They do make very nice low-power servers (I have one doing AirPrint via CUPS for iOS devices), though, and of course I try out a bunch of things on mine - if it runs quickly enough on a Pi, then it's blisteringly fast on a "normal" machine. sigh no way to get an ARM build going, though, nor more pointers for doing so with node-webkit. See https://github.com/LightTable/LightTable/issues/703 for more info. (Build instructions currently consist of dumping part of the current binaries and rebuilding the CLJS bits, which is straightforward but doesn't help much with porting to other archs) Best way I know of using macros in JS is https://github.com/Gozala/wisp , which generates pretty readable code. If you're going to pre-process, you might as well write in a nicer language... I call bullshit. These things are happening often enough for them to be a competitive strategy between rival VPS hosting companies. (I happen to have servers hosted at Linode, Digital Ocean and a local provider, and always find it amusing to tally the amount of "happy customers" that pop up in comment threads like this) The OP is going to have kittens when he finds out about hylang ( https://github.com/hylang/hy ) Played with it for some Bottle apps and otherwise boring scripts (which are now half the size and easier to maintain). No ill effects so far, but dealing with classes is... Un-hythonic somehow :) (Edit: typo) Weird. At least on Mail.app and Mavericks, plugins need to be properly code signed, etc. (I had to do that for https://github.com/rcarmo/HJKLPlugin to work in Mavericks) Well, let's see if someone can get Android to use the GPU now. And yes, I'm not expecting miracles -- even though Broadcom never released their 4.x port, what they demoed on the-teaser-video-that-was-never-followed-up-on seemed "fast enough" for a number of purposes. Very nice indeed. I'd rather have it without the exterior moulding, though. Very cool. Somehwat ironic that I'm reading this in Firefox Aurora on my VPS, controlled from my iPad :) I use xrdp (google xrdp scarygliders for a bleeding edge version) and Jump Desktop, which does RDP over SSH without fuss. Latency over a 3G connection is low enough for coding. I have the a Vagrant template for setting this up here: https://github.com/rcarmo/vagrant-templates ...all you need to do is read the Vagrantfile. I use the vagrant-lxc plugin to set up and tear down these environments on Digital Ocean. Interesting, but needs a few tweaks: - I simply cannot resize the windows on a Mac using the Accessibility API (I'm using Moom to tile my windows via keyboard bindings, and Zed is invisible to it) - Needs a few more docs on how to set up a theme (I tried three times before I managed to set Solarized on) - As much as it may seem counter its philosophy, I need vim bindings :) And yes, it's a tad slow. So is LightTable, which is why I am still using vim inside a terminal... Hmmm. No Python-gevent? Still? Good showing of http-kit, though. Love that lib. Tried it, seems there's something wrong with the image: https://code.google.com/p/inferno-rpi/issues/detail?id=1 (gonna try a second SD card anyway) I have high hopes for this, though, since Inferno is a lot of fun to tinker with. Back when Gruber tried to do something like that in his @daringfireball Twitter feed, it was so incredibly annoying to have the links fail on all my mobile devices that I set up a Python script to convert the links and re-post them under a @darlingfireball account... He recently posted about that not making sense anymore due to Twitter's URL shortener, but I don't have the link handy offhand. Awesome. I started looking at vNext last week, and stopped short of trying it then due to lack of a Windows machine (which I've set up in the meantime). This will make it a lot easier to experiment with. Awesome. I started looking at vNext last week, and stopped short of trying it then due to lack of a Windows machine (which I've set up in the meantime). This will make it a lot easier to experiment with. Well, it looks like it might run inside Mono, for one. I've been messing around with Inferno for a while (link below for completeness). I would love to have, say, Clojure, Python or something else with a sizable set of built-in libraries running on it, but (at least where Inferno is concerned) I had a lot of trouble finding anything to bootstrap that kind of environment (Inferno uses the `dis` VM, and there is a GSOC project that sort of gets Java running around that, but, again, no readily usable stuff). Notes here: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/blog/2014/05/04/2230#diving-in... I was able to find a vi-like editor for Inferno, fwiw. I think the issue is more a lack of updated language runtimes. In a word, dismal. They recommend you VNC over to another machine for using a full web browser, since the current existing browsers are far from modern (think Mosaic-grade with some CSS support) In terms of priorities, I'd think replacing JavaScript with Lua on the browser would rank higher -- it would at least make a lot more developers far happier. I was kind of expecting this. Although I like Go (and prefer it to NodeJS), I hope forthcoming feedback on TJ's "life choices" does not degrade into a "Let's move from Node to Go" echo chamber. More importantly, I hope the Node community's self-centred "holier than thou" doesn't bleed over, given that Go has (at least so far) kept a fairly high standard of discourse. That said, I, for one, welcome more contributors to the Go ecosystem. It is a good systems programming language, but it needs a few more "horizontal" libraries to make humdrum tasks (like parsing, accessing databases, etc.) more palatable. (edit: removed incorrect double negative) Scores high on layout, not so much on usability (I, too, took a while to realize there was a live REPL on the page) or readability. (I'm one of those people who tried to learn Haskell a couple of times but lacked use/time to really get to grips with it, so I can actually parse some of it, but the samples ought to be simpler.) I'd like that. The iPod Touch makes for a nice video camera. Still waiting for that 11" with Retina display, Tim. It's not about the battery, it's about the portability and the display. A 13" laptop is too big to lug around for me, and the retina display would enhance readability for me (I tend to read a _lot_ on screen, but an iPad is simply not an option for the rest of my activities). Dated and somewhat of a misfit in terms of pricing. I can get an iPad Air for nearly the same price, but I can't run VMs or code front-end stuff on it (I used to hack away on an iPad at libraries and other stuff that had longer iterations, but these days I need a "normal" laptop). Yes, and I'm sorely tempted even though I've only used Macs for five years now. (edited to add:) The keyboard's not very nice, though. vNext is, under a separate account: https://github.com/aspnet/Home It's probably just an IT thing. Many companies opted to deploy Firefox internally as an alternative to IE because it played well with their software management tools (as opposed to Chrome, which only got centralized version management later). In IT/helpdesk settings, you want to know what specific browser version your users are running to ensure intranet apps are compatible. Because, you know, legacy. Anyone who's used Siebel, Oracle intranet apps, etc. knows what it's like. This has awesome potential for orchestration tools, but I hope it's taken up as a separate tool -- I wouldn't want to pre-bake all of my networking into a Dockerfile, it would be best to have it done independently. He hasn't been paying attention, then. I've written about what happened in Portugal a while back: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/blog/2012/08/24/2240 (HN thread here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4437887 ) There's a flip side to that coin, which is that there are a lot of "incubators" set up to purportedly support Portuguese startups that have delivered (statistically) zero successes - there are exceptions, but as far as I know they're not portrayed in TFA. Regardless, it bears noting that there are more, standalone, bona fide startups out here trying to make it, and fortunately not all of them are relying on the app bubble keeping up. Well, I use http://ink.sapo.pt (full disclosure: I work there.) It's pretty complete and is constantly updated -- and besides including a battle-tested JS library of its own, it is evolving toward eschewing some of the "usual" dependencies. One of the key reasons I use it outside work is that it targets _generic_ sites and can be customized and/or pulled in piecemeal if you take the time to build your own version. Well, I'm a fellow portuguese speaker and it felt weird as heck, but then again this is HN, and it's been weeks since I read or wrote anything but English :) I see your points, but I disagree with highlighting being provided externally. The text rendering surface ought to be able to do it -- there are plenty of libraries that do a decent job of language auto-detection, for instance, all the more so in the JavaScript space. My curiosity stems mostly from the fact that things like CodeMirror and ACE have been available in the JavaScript universe for a while (and LightTable, Atom, etc. leverage those kinds of "surfaces") and yet nobody seems to have tried to get, say, node-webkit to run something like acme. So 1) all that's really necessary is the smart surface, 2) there are known instances of said surfaces (and plenty of people using them for a new generation of editors) and yet 3) nobody seems to have thought of reimplementing acme atop them. I use https://github.com/rcarmo/rss2imap with a dedicated GMail account. I read my news on any desktop or mobile with a choice of clients (GMail on Android or web works great, although I usually end up reading most of it on iOS or Apple Mail). Very nice. Wish it was on Github for easier contributing (and issue tracking). I wouldn't mind bitbucket, either. Anything that would give this more exposure. And, seriously, e-mailing patches is tedious, error-prone and ultimately inefficient. _anything_ that smooths the path for contributors is paramount for a successful project, and I, for one, would love this becoming more than a one-off, niche thing. (I'd also like to have Alt-Enter instead of Tab on it, and a Mac port, and even though the first is trivial enough to do, the second requires a fair amount of time to implement) Also, I asked HN about modern Acme clones recently: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8269442 (glad this came along) I have one of these. It's great, especially because you can just fire up a serial session to it and get a REPL. Here's a little video: https://www.flickr.com/photos/ruicarmo/14877450055/ FYI, the Plan9Front raspberry pi image is also surprisingly useful if you want a fast-booting graphical terminal (I use it to VNC and SSH to normal boxes): https://code.google.com/p/plan9front/wiki/9pi Site lists the Core with embedded chip antenna at $39, which is about the cost of a $35 Trinket 6-pack ( http://www.adafruit.com/products/1509 ). Granted those lack connectivity, but I think there's a sweet spot for something in between (i.e., with built-in BLE), maybe along the lines of these: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2016620887/mcthings-tin... Either way the Spark looks nice, and the extra cost is sure to be recoverable in developer time. "Dropped "dark wake" support on OS X, which was preventing portables from going to sleep when there was a stuck job. We now use a variation of the CUPS 1.4 sleep support to do a cleaner sleep ( )" At last. Other than using brew (which I love and use from the outset), I would strongly advise against following this guide without understanding what it's doing. Seriously. That's why the author says "This script should not be run without prior examination", for starters. And the bit about having to install a new Python just to get pip when you can do it just fine with easy_install pip... rolls eyes I started porting the Cognitect transducer libraries to Python yesterday, aiming for a purely functional interface (so that I can use them with hylang.org). Pull requests are welcome. There is a lot of Clojure code out there using Java interop. That said, a lot of "proper" Clojure runs across all three major runtimes (Java/CLR/JS) without any significant changes. (while I'm here, let me also point out http://hylang.org in case you use Python - it's a nice gateway drug, if you'll pardon the pun) Congrats. I watched the StrangeLoop videos as well, and have been itching to play with this -- I look forward to your next posts, and particularly like the exposure it brings to Clojure CLR. It already has, in a way. The Air's SSD already fits that description. The most amazing thing here is the USB-to-AUI converter. Wish I could reach the cached page for that. It's not that accidental. CUPS is developed by Apple. That's amazing, even considering the $4500 for the camera (which will probably pay for itself in a couple of months if you're a small architecture/design studio) I've lost touch with architectural 3D "capture" - who else is working on this space? Are there any consumer-level offerings? Personally, I find https://github.com/Gozala/wisp to be a whole lot more coherent and readable (and probably more mature, too, even though it has much less documentation). wisp also generates very nice JS code (and source maps), and my only real problem with it is that it lacks the time and resources ClojureScript clearly commands at this point. (edited to add: wisp also has a fair amount of activity: https://gitter.im/Gozala/wisp ) Seriously now, and without meaning to diss your work -- ever considered contributing to wisp? The project needs extra hands. Yes. I've been recommending that for years, actually: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/HOWTO/Switch I have a U2 (basically the same as the U3 with less ports), and the thing is so good I used it as a desktop for a couple of weeks ( http://the.taoofmac.com/space/blog/2013/02/10/1230 ) - running NetBeans at a fair clip, to boot. The only thing stopping me from getting a couple of U3s is lack of cash, and I heartily recommend it. The Pi is... Sort of mediocre as a desktop (even as a thin client) and too complex for most hardware projects. We ran a number of them as digital signage clients for a while ( https://github.com/sapo/digital-signage-client ) and eventually moved to Android boxes ( https://github.com/sapo/android-signage-client ) because even with the recent improvements to WebKit and X the browser simply wasn't up to par. Worked reasonably nicely with videos, but I keep wondering how much more useful the Pi would have been (for signage, mind you) if they had released their internal Android build. Edit: forgot to mention I have five Model Bs in a cluster ( http://github.com/rcarmo/raspi-cluster ) where I run distcc and toy with Java/Clojure/Hazelcast. It's fun, but requires a fair bit of patience. You can check the load here: http://rcarmo.sl.pt:8888 I keep a Raspberry Pi on my desktop with plan9front because slow as it is, it's still the fastest way to get a VNC/ssh client going, but I don't think Wayland would be much of an improvement (although anything is better than Rio at this point). The problem here is that most of the plan9 community is too set in their ways to counter the dogmas around, say, Acme and three-button mouse usage (just to use an example that is UI-related but not strictly about the environment) or has moved on. Mind you, plan9front is still being maintained (and fixed, including EFI and 64bit stuff), but people doing UX and graphics seem to be in short supply in that neck of the woods. I've been using Textile for ages, and it's much better than Markdown for just about anything _except_ footnotes (in MultiMarkdown) and pieces with multiple references to the same URL. In particular, Textile has great table syntax, which I use extensively in pages like http://the.taoofmac.com/space/infoviz (markup at http://the.taoofmac.com/media/infoviz/index.txt ). But over the years I became so used to Markdown (largely thanks to the profusion of editor support it spawned) that I mostly gave in. Still, Creole might be a good addition to my next CMS/Wiki: http://github.com/rcarmo/sushy (already supports Textile, Markdown and ReST). You probably want to look into Zed instead. I found it to be the best editor I could run on an unmodified Chromebook. Jython 2.7 isn't quite all there yet, and last I used the betas it wasn't that practical. I've mostly embraced the JVM (as opposing to hating it), but I find myself reaching for Clojure a lot more than Java (although I have an Android app that I'm tinkering with). I find that an IDE helps (I use NetBeans for pure Java), but whereas I can hack just about anything in Clojure, Python or Go without much hassle, Java slows me down for some reason - I suspect it's the humungous class hierarchies and the time required to find whatever I need to accomplish simple tasks. Still needs Wi-Fi support ( https://github.com/micropython/micropython/issues/992 ), but now that it's merged into the main MicroPython project, there's extra incentive to add that. Even though I glance at plan9front now and then, I wonder if there is someone else (anyone?) working on modernizing Plan9 somewhat. Yes, I am well aware of the EFI support. But the status quo in terms of UX is hideous (barely above twm-grade), and it is currently next to impossible to use Plan 9 on a modern laptop with a touchpad. In short, my view is that chording your way through rio using a three-button mouse is about as unfriendly as modern Gnome, and that someone ought to put a stop to that without such tomfoolery as porting another DE to Plan9. Technological modernization won't win Plan9 new supporters, whereas UX modernization will, at worst, make it easier to use. Edited to add: I have Acme running via plan9ports on the Mac, and even the simple addition of Cmd+C/V/etc. for copy/paste made a world of difference. I am positively thrilled with the notion of actually using it someday without constant fiddling with the Option key and my touchpad. I haven't used a mouse on my desktop (any desktop, really) in over four years - I use Apple's Magic Trackpad to get the same experience and precision I have on my laptop. That said, considering that many more people use laptops these days, mouse chording is somewhat passé and hasn't caught up with the times. But I'd actually rather have the window manager work more like other environments (without using different buttons to get different behavior on window edges) and would love an actual compositor and better font rendering. Using pyzmq comes to mind. It might even work with IPython. You can run inferno (which has a similar userland) as a process in Linux, and I have plan9front on a Raspberry Pi that I use as a terminal (with vt and ssh2 to log in to other machines as well as VNC for using a browser remotely). What you're saying, in a nutshell, is that you based your expressed views solely on your own experience and use cases. That, I think, is what made the Plan9 community tank over the years -- I'll grant that a touchpad is different, but then again I will cheerily admit that my view is that it is vastly more powerful than a three-button mouse. sigh it seems I'll eventually have to update this: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/blog/2014/11/13/0830#the-insta... FYI, this is what's been eating into my Clojure output. The Hy REPL starts up instantly and the interop is so good I find myself writing small projects in Hy instead. Here's a wiki implemented with it (demonstrates using Bottle, doing URL routing and few other things): http://github.com/rcarmo/sushy ...and here's a little playground with various snippets of code: https://github.com/rcarmo/hy-there ...and a feed fetcher: https://github.com/rcarmo/mqtt-feed-fetcher/blob/master/main... ...and a prototype for a nicer REPL: https://github.com/rcarmo/hyrule Edited to add: The killer feature here is cross-interop: I can re-use my code in either direction (and have run Hy in PyPy, IronPython, etc. -- sadly, not in Jython yet) You don't need to translate it -- you can import modules both ways just fine -- THAT's the killer feature. Oh, and earmuffs become EARMUFFS, which is also nice. It will import cython stuff, and vice-versa. Hmmm. Cute. I can probably drop those straight into my Bottle stuff. Obligatory rant about too many IM apps: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/blog/2014/11/13/0830#the-insta... Or an ESP8266. My guess is that the board will be comparatively expensive. Seconded. 9front is _way_ ahead of vanilla Plan9, although that's a relative statement in such a tradition-bound community. You can check my other comments for more, but a couple of old-time UNIX folk I know described it as being dropped into a bare X11 environment with twm, a flint knife, and the Acme editor. Acme is amazing, but the whole thing uses mouse chording and requires a 3-button mouse, so it requires a lot of getting used to if you're newer to computers than, say, 1990. In general, Plan9 delivers on being "a better UNIX" in terms of what a standalone process perceives as its runtime environment - everything of consequence is a file, regardless of its location, and mounting remote devices of all kinds is wonderfully consistent. Sadly, all the "nice" things you take for granted on Linux (like hardware support, graphics compositing, audio, wi-fi, graphical web browsers, even SSH and modern language runtimes) are absent or have to be bolted on with fairly ugly hacks. Still, it runs OK on a Raspberry Pi. Wish it did so on a ODROID-U3, though. Yeah, but that makes sense at the OS level. UX-wise (and generally speaking, for most common uses of a computer these days), Plan9 is, sadly, almost useless. I myself only use it because I _like_ messing about with different (and arguably better) operating systems, but it's very, very, VERY hard to do so for general "work" or even browsing the web. My first thought was "oh PLEASE, let them keep distributing the CLI-only SDK". Why? Because I got burned by Eclipse so many times I got used to developing solely with vim and ant - then I started using NetBeans+NBAndroid and found it comfortable enough. Still, now that it's 1.0 I'll eventually migrate. Thank goodness I'm not alone! Where have you been all this time? :) Please don't. As a Pythonista turned LISPer, I've heard all that stuff before. What is pretty stupid is being unable to use Plan9 on a modern laptop with a trackpad -- again, check my comments on previous Plan9 posts. That would be a no. Moom is pretty handy, though. Well, then, I'll just go and get rid of my Macs. And the Magic Trackpads I use on my desktops, too. Not really, no. That's _very_ interesting. I wonder if anyone got it running on ARM. This is pretty cool in the sense that it seems more flexible than CoreOS. I'll be looking into it for container hosting for sure... Nice. Now all I need is for someone to turn https://github.com/jcla1/gisp into a slightly more complete LISP and I'll have a nice environment for all kinds of ARM systems. Edit: typo/autocorrect Nope, just something I've been keeping track of. Needs macro support, for starters, and this fork ( https://github.com/masukomi/gisp ) is adding tests. Guest mode is poorly designed. What Chromecast _really_ needs is minimal access control to stop people from taking over each other's devices. Using ultrasound (that, by the way, I can hear, and I'm over 40) for pairing is the kind of "neat" feature that is simply isn't necessary. I've been using a similar thing I call Struct for ages, as part of my utils package: https://github.com/rcarmo/python-utils/blob/master/core.py Can't really see this as newsworthy, sorry. Edited to add: didn't mean to sound mean (if you'll pardon the pun), just factual. There are ActiveState recipes out there for this sort of thing since the beginning of time... Also, check my other comments for thoughts on syntax and immutability. That (use as a config object) is exactly why I did my Struct thing. But if I were to do it again, I'd certainly make it immutable (although that would complicate the implementation somewhat) Didn't mean to come across as mean, merely factual. There are plenty of similar implementations around, in fact, and this is the kind of thing I've also seen as part of ActiveState recipes. I agree with this. Even though I've used my Struct thing for a long while now _and_ subclassing dict directly in my case, I've been bitten by similar issues. The syntactic sugar is very nice and saves up on oodles of brackets and quotes for nested objects, but if you try to mutate this sort of object you'll eventually run into trouble. I had a friend in college who once coded an entire lotto program ("graphics" and all) into 380-odd bytes. Utterly insane. Anyone know of anything comparable for SSDs? I honestly don't get why they got that much flak over a few bill items. Would it have been any better for them to hide how much they paid for various parts of their show? (So what if they paid X for lights? If they wanted _those_ lights... etc.) Some background on the Orleans computing model: https://orleans.codeplex.com/wikipage?title=Getting%20Starte... Feels like a distributed Actor system. Anyone worked with it? There's a fair amount of info about it in this forum thread: http://www.nextcomputers.org/forums/viewtopic.php?t=2642&pos... ...and on this wiki (inc. screenshots): http://com-emu.meximas.com/doku.php?id=previous Source is here: http://sourceforge.net/p/previous/code/HEAD/tree/ Tried to build it on an ARM machine, but ran up against a few missing dependencies - trying to get those installed... It's great for kids, too (might need some filtering, though). That is an _amazing_ story. I used WindowMaker for years because of those very menus. Of course, these days it looks a bit dated... And Étoilé seems to have died off, too.. I used a Cube for a year or so when I was in college. Ironically, we were working on instrumenting NFS, which we couldn't do directly, so it was mostly a thin client (and an excellent mail/editing station). I don't think anything came close, though, and still miss it even though I use Macs these days. Oh, and for those of you wanting a relatively recent Linux that looks and feels like the NeXT, I just found out http://wmlive.sourceforge.net/ was updated this September! Also Teleport for Mac: http://www.abyssoft.com/software/teleport/ (requires a little tweaking to work with Yosemite) The power socket is on the side, and the HDMI connector is now a micro. There will be some adjustment required... This should run most of the existing Ubuntu and Android images without any hassle. Having owned an ODROID-U2 for a long while now, I can tell you that these things run Ubuntu 14.04 like a dream (except for the lack of OpenGL - you only get ES) and Android works great: http://the.taoofmac.com/space/blog/2013/02/10/1230 (Mine is now running Ubuntu only, and the only gripe I have is that the kernel currently lacks enough group support to run Docker - that's only a recompile away, but I like my uptime...) I'm thinking of upgrading my Pi cluster ( http://github.com/rcarmo/raspi-cluster ) to a set of these boards. Mostly waiting for some benchmarks to come in and the holiday season to go away... You should check the ODROID forum for newer graphics drivers. The bleeding edge versions are released every now and then as separate binaries/images. Very neat, and it led me (again) to pyrsistent ( https://github.com/tobgu/pyrsistent ), which does persistent data structures and which I've been pondering using with Hy ( https://github.com/hylang/hy ). (edit: damn autocorrect!) We all want a better computing model for Christmas, I guess. They can pry my stack of paper magazines from my cold, dead hands. Seriously now, I read Abrash's stuff on Dr Dobb's, and it was that magazine (above all others) that instilled in me the idea that coding was above and beyond the drudgery we waded through in college - that it was an art form that emerged from systematic thought process and a deep understanding of how bend technology to your will. I just hope they don't dilute the brand -- I can see someone having the bright idea of setting up a Programming 101 kind of site under that name a couple of years down the road, and really hope someone, somewhere, somewhen, will pick up the torch and make sure it stays associated with "true masters" (if there is such a thing). Apologies, I've definitely spent too long in big corporates :( (like many folk, I sometimes feel Scott Adams is drawing Dilbert while watching a live feed from our office) Also, mailing list announcement: https://mail.gnome.org/archives/networkmanager-list/2014-Dec... I'm very curious about this. My father put together a Heathkit (analog, of course) oscilloscope kit when I was a kid. It took me years to realize the amount of dedication involved in not just assembling the thing (which I helped do) but also importing it to Portugal from the US. (I'm 95% certain it was this one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoAmzsz_bJY - the knobs on ours were slightly different, though.) I don't think they'll be doing oscilloscopes again, but I remember they had a kit catalogue I loved to pore over. Oh man. I saw that on the catalogue when I was a kid. I love that font. The VT220 was one of the first terminals I used for an extended period of time, and I've been using the font on one of my machines for over a year now for that extra nostalgic feeling... I wish leiningen wouldn't take so long to run. The only real trouble with Clojure is how unbearably _slow_ the tools are. I can deal with the runtime taking its time to get going (mostly), but the tooling... If by that you mean "languages that target the dis VM", yes. There was a Scheme interpreter written in Limbo, but that's about it. I think that's the biggest hurdle regarding Inferno - I'd like to see other languages running atop dis. Distributed as in network-transparent. Inferno inherited Plan9's ability to deal with resources independently of location. Beware, it is quite slow and limited. This blog post provides some background: http://technicae.cogitat.io/2014/12/improved-python-support-... Not just that. Disco also provides a distributed storage service for locality of reference when doing Map-Reduce. This, in turn, might be something you'd use to build a tailored distributed system where you'd call out to Python (and its ecosystem, like Pandas, etc.) to do your own data processing. My personal interest in it is that it uses LISP Flavored Erlang (lfe.io) and might therefore be nice to use with Hy (hylang.org) Ditto. I find the animations on this one make it slow on mobile. Haven't tried it on my iPad yet (which is where I use cheeaun's on a daily basis), but I think the visuals might detract from the reading somewhat. Have a go at Hy (hylang.org). You can have your cake and eat it too. :) Other than that, I'm fiddling with LISP Flavored Erlang (lfe.io), but I've had previous Erlang exposure. Well, I'd like to see more support of MicroPython on AVR, for starters - it already covers a bunch of platforms, but more hands seem welcome :) If that's not your cup of tea, I'd say what I don't want is another IDE that forces me to have a JVM installed (I already do for Clojure, but sort of resent it) and ARM support (as a development platform, since I use an ODROID development board as a "desktop"). This is a highly unscientific sampling, but most deep-tech blogs I follow seem to be on gh-pages these days. Medium, less so - I get mostly essays from those. Jekyll gives you a lot of bang for the buck (including making static assets relatively easy to deploy) and Github provides syntax highlighting in their hosted service. The drawbacks (as far as I'm concerned) are that Jekyll is overly temperamental, and that even "modern" site generators like Hugo ( http://gohugo.io ) require switching off too many defaults or tweaking many knobs. Besides, even if you _now_ feel ease of editing is less important, a couple of years down the line it will be paramount. I've long felt the need for something "better" myself, and run my site off a Dropbox-synced folder using a custom engine (which I'm currently re-writing - see demo site at http://sushy.no-bolso.com ). But I'm OK with reinventing my bit of the wheel (it's been nearly 13 years now, so I know what I want from a CMS). No, not the author. I don't know GitMongo, but this works with the iOS 8 file picker and lets me use the repos in it from Textastic, which is great for my purposes. Actually, Clive seems to be dead. There's been no activity on the Google Group since May 2014. People keep linking to the techempower benchmarks, but last I checked they did _not_ do Python web deployment quite right (i.e., no gevent, no gunicorn, no uWSGI). Things might have changed in the meantime (on mobile, so hard to check), but despite their benchmarks being open, I don't think there are many contributions from folk who do production deployments... Hmmm. I get nice templating and very straightforward routing with Bottle. Why shouldn't I use that, especially since I can review the whole codebase in half an hour? Flask has always struck me as requiring too many plugins. With bottle, I just drop one file into my work dir and I'm off. Toss in Peewee as well (another single file) and I get a decent ORM. That combination is more flexible and productive for me than Flask. (also, I already have a nice template for bigger projects: https://github.com/rcarmo/ink-bottle ) I should, but then again I have no vested interest in showing off a framework or benchmarking stuff I'm not going to run myself. There is only so much free time... Hmmm. I might be missing something here, but I routinely clean out cookies in "public"/unauthed URLs in Varnish, as well as hashing the cache based on _part_ of a specific cookie (the bit that defines, say, the site's theme, or a generic user role). They do mention that they didn't investigate how to do this in Varnish, but I recall having picked up the basic technique from one of the author's posts. Probably because Go indentation and spacing can be a little annoying at first when you're used to Python (or simply because they followed some kind of generic coding standard). It took me a while to "give up" and find fmt -massaged code natural. Snark aside, I don't see what one has to do with the other. It's perfectly sensible for them to keep pushing pyston to have an alternate solution. I'm still on the public Yosemite beta program. Their current beta update broke the Wi-Fi on identical MacBooks again, so I've held off on upgrading. Imagine that happening at Apple HQ. On the same topic, I heartily recommend iOS folk with external BT keyboards try turning on Airplane mode with the keyboard on and then fiddling with the home button. For me, it sometimes pops up the "secure" (black) on-screen keyboard WITH MY LAST PASSWORD AS A SUGGESTION. I'd love to know if that's common to everyone with the latest iOS public release. If you check out the announcement timings, it was far too soon for Pyston to have an effect. You can't churn out PyPy-grade JITs like they were burgers... I, for one, welcome anything that will get VCs to stop blindly believing "young" equals "better investment", especially when most VCs I come across are only interested in short-term gain. That and state/corporate-sponsored "youth startup" things. I deal with enough of those to have seen oodles of fickle, immature teams who don't know the first thing about working, let alone building product. Previous discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8815778 Sometimes down-toning titles doesn't work out right. We once had an Ericsson MSC that only replied to _uneven_ ICMP packets due to some bug. Made it look like there was 50% packet loss on an otherwise perfectly good Cat 5 cable... (edit: ICMP instead of IP) That's an iPad. :) IIRC, there was nothing on the logs and they eventually shipped a fix. I was there when it happened and was called over to have a look. The HOWTO video is... fascinating. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iZ0WuNvHr8 I, for one, welcome this kind of approach. I'm fed up with laptops that try to be tablets (Windows 8) and tablets that barely tolerate keyboards (iPad). Something that is compatible enough to, say, run Office for Android, a VNC/RDP client (Jump Desktop works great on Android and iOS) and the occasional terminal window would be enough to do a _lot_ of my work. (I'm actually typing this on an iPad mini, with Microsoft's RD Client and Panic's Prompt in the background...) The only thing I'd _really_ like to see in this OS is the ability to split the screen vertically (like Modern does on the Surface). If the build quality matches the looks, I will certainly take a look at one. $349 (quoted on Liliputing) seems pretty decent for a Surface "clone". Less noise, a simpler user experience, and running an OS I can develop for without having to wait an hour for the thing to install updates whenever I try to shut it down by close of business. Wow. This takes me back. I sat in front of an SE/30 for a long while... I'd love to see this for the Raspberry Pi as well (the hardware's a fair bit more popular) I've been using Riot 1.0 for a number of simple things (including a few dashboards) and it's a lot less hassle than most other JS frameworks. This looks like a very nice upgrade, in the sense that the previous templating was a bit ugly. I hope the virtual DOM let me handle SVG as well... That's grand. I can't see an image for it anywhere, though... (edit: found the instructions for it on the SDK) Wow. Just wow. Two years ago we had an internal row about people using Trello and possibly exposing internal data (which we attempted to solve through various means). Having this as a Docker container is _great_ for in-house use (although I haven't checked the internals and am not very enthusiastic about their using Node...) Site says 2013 in some places. No links to source, doesn't seem self-hostable at all. Well well. I'm going to hold off an wait until someone can benchmark this against the ODROID-C1, though, largely because the original Pi design had a few shortcuts and I'd like to avoid any teething issues (been using ODROIDs for a while, got full hardware support in Ubuntu and Android and don't have to put up with Debian 7.x). Nicely played. I'm a bit surprised at the amount of people in this thread equating Windows 10 for RPi with a desktop environment, though -- I'd be _very_ surprised if it had a desktop environment at all, considering that they're targeting it as an embedded system. You _might_ have graphics, but not a DE. Edited to add: based on this video, http://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Build/2014/2-511 , this will probably be considered as a "micro" system without any UI. Jokes aside, I'm curious as to whether this can be overclocked to any extent, like its predecessor. Nice, although I'd rather have a mini Ubuntu 14.04 LTS. Ubuntu on ARMv7 is great, and I'd like a minimal distribution to get started. There's Snappy Core, but to be honest I don't want to run that on a Pi just yet. FYI, you'll still need to compile a specific gevent branch if you want to use it with this. lxml built fine, uWSGI seems OK too (except for the lack of gevent workers in my build). Things seem adequately speedy, haven't investigated the network throughput tweaks yet. Just tried the current pip package and it doesn't build for me on OSX or Ubuntu. I have a local snapshot of the version I used with 2.4.0, but can't remember where I got it from now. Feel free to ask me (almost) anything. I'm going to leave it plugged in and will have SSH access, although I do have to get some sleep for the next few hours :) The alpha image I downloaded lacked apt-get (given it was snappy). Anyone know of a "normal" one? (oh, and https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9000584 - I just got a board) This is very nice. I wonder how hard it would be to turn this into a network renderer (I suppose farming out sections to other machines is challenging with path tracing, but may be wrong). The way it looks, your credentials are posted directly to the Github API. Hard to tell more without clean source to look at. Same here. http://taoofmac.com is run that way. Check out http://github.com/rcarmo/sushy for the next rendering engine... you have to fork it to a repo you control. Well, then... Any good network-transparent channel libraries for Go? :) How future-proof is this? i.e., where do we get updates from? (if there aren't any extra APT repos, is there a source tree/recipe to upgrade to later versions?) Thanks. I would very much like to see that buildscript - I've been tinkering with the idea of building something along these lines but with an Ubuntu armhf userland (given that Ubuntu on ARM has a lot of advantages for me). Seems to work great. Just built a Dockerfile to build and run it (I use Docker to build one-off binaries without littering my machines with junk libraries): https://github.com/rcarmo/docker-templates/tree/master/peerv... RRDTool? I'm intrigued. I collect real-time machine performance data using a UDP multicast daemon (written in C). It's fallible on some network topologies, etc., but it's extremely light and efficient. I wonder if that could be plugged in to Prometheus without the overhead of HTTP collection... It does in the sense that an HTTP connection (either on the server or the client side) will expend roughly 20 times the CPU and buffers than generating or handling a single UDP packet. It all adds up on small systems. Your assumption is wrong, since lack of data points in a given time interval is, in itself, a data point. If metrics don't arrive on time after a set interval, the machine is flagged. Your shared library assertion is incorrect, at least on Intel machines. See Solomon Hykes' reply on this thread: https://groups.google.com/forum/m/#!msg/docker-user/wCDC_sXz... I can pack a lot on a UDP packet as well... I wish I could mod this way higher. It's all on Github. Also, I blog at http://taoofmac.com , but this week I haven't had much time to write about the cluster itself. It's all on the About link, on Github :) IP changed, and DNS failed to update. I'm a bit concerned about the network layer (or, rather, lack thereof). I've looked at one or two of the "overlay network" approaches (that essentially have a container act as a router/tunneller between hosts), and wish there was something in Swarm that let me do basic port-mapping/load balancing across containers on multiple hosts (preferably with auto-scaling) without funkiness and undue overhead. We could always propose it as the phonetics for a Jackie Chan emoji. Weirder things have happened, and it's not like we're running out of glyph space. I have to say that I tried Vivaldi a couple of weeks ago and found it too alien and unintuitive for my taste, both on the Mac and under Ubuntu. In comparison, "mainline" Opera is (at least for me) not just faster than Chrome, but also refreshingly free of bundled crap (including Google logins and the like). You can try Caret, which is a very nice editor, and Zed, which works with Dropbox. However, you will not be able to do much (if anything) with Docker without going into developer mode, and even then it will depend a lot on whether this model will break Crouton in any way. I'd say the tiny amount of storage will make it really hard to do anything productive with containers... It has an Esc key! That alone is well worth getting one for my iPad. Don't know why this got modded down, since the vast majority of iPad keyboards have a home key instead of an Esc key, making it very frustrating to use SSH apps. The use of Node-webkit for this... is disturbing. It's not that hard to code this in Obj-C, and I have menu bar applets that take... 200KB RAM. It's still disturbing. :) If you are very patient, you can try this: http://taoofmac.com/space/blog/2015/02/27/2210#running-subli... Well, you could go all out, grab https://github.com/chjj/term.js , plug that into termui using WebSockets or something, and it would most likely work: On the other hand, you can easily code your own without too much hassle. https://github.com/rcarmo/raspi-cluster includes a minimalist Dashing clone with a Go backend and real-time updates. Well, I can't even reset my password. I suspect that's because my registered e-mail address uses the "foo+bar@gmail.com" format (which I use for easier filtering), and something on Slack doesn't like sending those (no e-mail on my inbox, spam folder or filter matches) CERN researchers confirm the existence of the Force http://home.web.cern.ch/about/updates/2015/04/cern-researche... I'm sorry, but no. The resource sharing model of Plan9/Inferno is great, but what they demoed was essentially a modal UI - plug in your phone and you get an external display and a different UI, but the computing resources are still handled in exactly the same way. I tried to get the JIT to work on ARM a couple of months back. Since the author explicitly turned off the JIT, I suppose there's still work to be done... Neat. I've been maintaining a list of my own here: http://taoofmac.com/space/infoviz (no fancy graphics, but a fair amount of notes) Is that 30,000, 29,989 or 30,523 commits? :) This is very neat indeed, and I'd love to try it out, but the launchpad links are broken. Anyone know where I can get the package for Ubuntu armhf? Or the source? I suggest you look at http://lfe.io - it's an interesting take on LISP... That Makefile is... weird. Why issue a "make sub-target" command? Makefiles are all about understanding dependencies, so you should actually be doing target: dependency ...instead of target: make dependency Doing it this way actually breaks dependency checks. It's just plain wrong. Here's a "proper" Makefile, complete with conditionals, expansion, etc.: https://github.com/rcarmo/sushy/blob/master/Makefile ...and here's one of my Go Makefiles (no sub-targets here, but does vendoring in a way that's quite similar to what Go 1.5 turned out to adopt) https://github.com/rcarmo/go-rss2imap/blob/master/Makefile (edit: whitespace) Yeah. I've been using fig for a while now (and will eventually replace everything with compose), and it's simpler than Vagrant for reproducible environments. There is one little caveat when using boot2docker, in that when you're running tests on a separate terminal you need to be careful to remember to do $(boot2docker shellinit) _and_ expose container ports so that they're visible outside the boot2docker VM - so check your IPs and make sure your containers log the environment variables they're using for links, so that you can check where to connect your tests :) I've done this sort of thing for a while (if in a simpler, more naive way) by just tweaking GOPATH in a Makefile. In fact, I had to do it again only yesterday, for a very simple little server: https://github.com/rcarmo/go-http-mdns In general, I think a solution for this is long overdue, and look forward to trying out 1.5 in earnest. good call on the .PHONY. This is soooooooo cool. I'm going to see whether this can be added to a long-running Python daemon for runtime inspection... Yeah, I know: http://github.com/rcarmo/sushy ;) I've been running Rancher ( http://rancher.com ) for a week now trying out multiple configurations, and that significantly took the shine off Kubernetes for me until someone comes up with a decent web front-end. Setup was _way_ easier, too. (Kubernetes 1.0 better come with updated docs, two months ago they didn't match the then current release). It's going to be interesting watching what happens in the container orchestration space - the good thing is that you can (nearly) always move your stuff across without much hassle. (Didn't know about Lattice.cf, going to take a look at that too.) I've been on the other end of this for a few days - basically any company I do business with who has their e-mail on Google simply doesn't get my e-mails. Sometimes I get an active bounce (i.e., a reject due to my originating address), sometimes... Nothing. No pattern, either. Same destination, different behaviors. The mail simply does not reach my suppliers'/partners' inbox, and as a result we're all losing time and patience with this The really funny thing? Some of those people I work with are @google.com. (And yeah, my corporate domain is clean, SPF'd up to the wazoo, etc.) Haskell, huh? The Force is strong on this one. From Arch to OSX. Riiiight. I don't get this kind of posts either, and am not at all sure it's newsworthy. I run minimalistic Linux desktops _all the time_ (even gone as far as setting up a Docker image for one I can instantiate on the fly[1]) and like them for testing and debugging stuff I need to run as native ELF binaries, but OS X has saved me _decades_ of frustration. If you have nothing nice to say... [1]: https://github.com/rcarmo/docker-templates/tree/master/deskt... Niiice. Back when I tried doing some of this, it was pretty much an uphill struggle. Biggest issue for me is that on mobile all the side notes go away (on portrait) and there is no fallback. I wish they'd stop guzzling battery on iOS. On my iPhone, the two top background activity apps are Facebook and Hangouts, neither of which (sadly) I can actually get rid of since I use the first for work (seriously...) and the second to be reachable to Android users. I, for one, am somewhat leery of people reinventing the wheel - especially for a browser-based environment, where everything has a history of being brittle and short-lived. IMAP works amazingly well if you're using dovecot as a server (including search and push e-mail), and CalDAV/CardDAV also work well if your server actually implements things properly, and projects like Horde have shown you can run and deploy web-based services for them at scale (even though I still regret they're using PHP). Sure, anything related to DAV has more than a few warts, but my main point here is that things like JMAP won't cater to an installed base or deliver benefits across the board until they finish filing all the corners on their shiny new... cube? Dodecahedron? XMPP works for Google Chat in the sense that you can talk to other people who use Google Chat, but not Hangouts - at least not in my roster... So Hangouts is effectively a segregated quasi-XMPP thing that follows its own rules. So far, there are no real alternatives to Hangouts if you want to talk to people using Hangouts, and that's it. And the XMPP third-party client "ecosystem" is pretty much fossilised... As to ChatSecure and other alternatives, they all seem somewhat iffy. Before moving back to iOS, I wrote this: http://taoofmac.com/space/blog/2014/11/13/0830 ...and it's still all mostly valid. Let's wait and see if the Streisand Effect takes hold. This is why I sometimes wish HN had an ::irony:: tag. :) I'm curious as to the mention of a "Web Control" and how long we have to wait until we can use DirectX for graphics, seeing as I've been trying to use Pis for digital signage[1] for a while with varying results (we've since started using cheap Android boxes with great results, but I wish I had more choices). [1]: https://github.com/sapo/digital-signage-client This one: https://github.com/sapo/android-signage-client (of course we rolled our own :)) Thanks, I'll look into it. Right now the Android boxes we're using cost €50 (less if you buy in bulk) and do both accelerated rendering and HLS video, but I'm always looking out for more options. There's an UX/affordance issue with merges. Took me a while to figure out how do do them via the UI, it's not immediately obvious that the side pane (which tries to take you to the web site for submitting pull requests) has nothing to do with local merges, which are now accomplished via an option that only appears when you're comparing branches (on the new timeline/graph thingy). Having used both on a Mac (where I mostly end up using the CLI anyway), I'd say that SourceTree is what you want to use for stuff like code review, whereas GitHub (other than local merges being hard to figure out - see my other comment) is quite neat and uncluttered - perfect for small projects or if your workflow revolves around their public repos. (I don't see why this is being modded down - is it because I failed to mention I'm also using it in Windows?) Was kind of hoping they'd enable IFF_MULTICAST ( https://github.com/docker/docker/issues/3043 ), but am glad to see it's slated for 1.9.0. Let me chime in and say that getting rid of VirtualBox and moving to xhyve would be amazing. I was really sad when this PR was closed: https://github.com/docker/machine/pull/1358#issuecomment-126... You're misunderstanding what Docker does. The most important function of Docker is dependency management (allowing you to pack your own runtime with your apps with consummate ease), followed by standardising image distribution and deployment across environments. A Docker image is not a VM image - it doesn't have a kernel, for starters, and is not designed to be booted in the usual sense (i.e., kernel+init+scripts) - it just has a Linux userland (often quite restricted) and will run _a single process_ by design[1]. Also, AWS and Google Cloud already allow you to run Docker images (on EC2 Container Service and Kubernetes). Cloud providers won't accept existing VM images in the sense that large-scale hypervisor platforms usually use different formats and they don't need the hassle involved in building and supporting VM conversion services. It's pointless to have those as a service when anyone can grab Packer or a similar tool and convert a .vbox/.vmdk to an AWS AMI or an Azure Hyper-V image - and support the resulting images themselves (which is another reason why providers make a clear distinction between certified/tested images and third-party ones). [1]: of course you can launch supervisord and a bunch of stuff underneath it, but if you're doing that, you're doing it wrong. That's great news, Solomon - thanks :) Re: the rural angle, and considering I'm near Alentejo and only getting 384Kbps right now, allow me to explain that 3/4G at 2.1GHz won't cut it for wide-area coverage, and that it isn't cost effective to upgrade most transmission lines in rural areas to the point where you can have multiple simultaneous users with high bitrates. That said, my current situation is not representative - I'm in a known poor spot (it's tricky to get a decent signal due to lack of line-of-sight to a base station, and the nearest is 5 klicks away as the crow flies) and if I go uphill and bask in the sun with my iPad things improve markedly :) Also, LTE at lower frequencies will fix most of these issues - we already have some of the best mobile broadband connectivity on the planet here in Portugal, and it's only going to get better. Amazing list. I've yet to find a Laser Squad clone that was as much fun, or a Deflektor one. I did find a modern version of Highway Encounter sometime last year (I forget where, since my hard disk died) and of course I have been keeping track of the Elite renaissance, but it's amazing to think that I spent hours as a kid waiting for these to load from a dinky cassette player. Happy, happy days... If you use ARM devices, it might be worth pointing out that Dave Cheney has unofficial tarballs of _older_ versions here: http://dave.cheney.net/unofficial-arm-tarballs No 1.5 (yet), but if, like me, you do ARM stuff, you might want to bookmark this. And of course the cross-compiler works, but still. (edit: moved mention of ARM to first line) Hmmm. I've been storing Git repos in Dropbox for... ages. Haven't tried sharing them, but for a single user I see no need to have an additional piece of software. I am, however, quite interested in the potential for business-related repos - I guess it all depends on the authentication and transport mechanisms (I assume this will be using Dropbox's auth and TLS API)? I use DB across many machines, some "permanently" on, two laptops and a (sporadically on) home desktop. Never had a conflict I couldn't recover from - and the 5-10 minutes some of the machines take to finish syncing are usually best spent catching up on e-mail rather than coding. I've been doing this since Dropbox 1.0. Haven't had any serious issues since 2.x, and the benefits of having my complete working state available everywhere far outweigh the risks. Neat. Anyone else at HN did something like this? Mine is at https://github.com/rcarmo/raspi-cluster (configs and some utilities included) Actually, there is. Thriftiness, for one, and better planning skills. Testing anything on ARM devices requires a fair amount of patience, skill, and tolerance for when things are different from, say, x64 Linux. Well, for me it's a way to learn how to squeeze more performance from a codebase, and a healthy reminder that not everything on the planet runs on x64 machines. Having to port stuff to a different architecture (or even having to rebuild tools/packages you'd ordinarily have on x64 but not on ARM) is a sobering experience. Anyway, the Oracle JDK (1.8) runs speedily enough on these, and you can run ElasticSearch or Hazelcast just fine -- and focus on optimising things. Like the quote goes, "if you want to write fast software, do it on a slow computer" If people were to form such an opinion of me based on that, I wouldn't take them seriously as peers. There is no magic involved, and if a git repo ever breaks (which, ironically, last happened on a SCM server), I know enough about the internals to fix it by hand. (although I would probably simply rewind Time Machine or pull from the central repo if it happened on my Mac - less time and hassle) This is pretty neat, and I hope it will get networking support soon. I've also been keeping track of the NodeJS "equivalents", and am looking forward to being able to use ClojureScript at the CLI... I was thinking more along the lines of creating a listening socket. There's already some form of URI access in the source. We have flat-screen TVs on every floor with an Android box hooked up and paging through our main web sites, their stats and other (non-dev) info. Since you've mentioned Chromecasts, I suggest you look at http://greenscreen.io (haven't used it myself, but it is similar to what I implemented). Wow. The Softpot trick reminds me of the way the Russians bugged typewriters (anyone got that link handy?) Two things that irked me: - child accounts need to have an e-mail address to be manageable under Familiy Safety (which in turn requires you to go to a web site instead of setting time limits locally) - to complain about a mis-feature (like the above) you are directed to use the Windows Feedback app, which in turn will only work if you set diagnostics to on. Actually, the reason I use Ubuntu instead of Debian is that most language runtimes I use (python, for starters) were, for quite a few years, more up-to-date. Of course I could use unstable, but I'd much rather use Ubuntu's LTS and security updates. Yes, Debian will pretty much just work, but back before 7.x it would also be a pain to support a number of applications (we mostly rolled our own builds of "modern" runtimes and libraries we had to use, with predictable lag times and dead ends). Ubuntu takes all of that pain away and has relatively new stuff, even on LTS (sometimes through backports, but hey... nobody's perfect). I also left RedHat because of the way the distro evolved, but never jumped to CentOS because at that time yum was slower than molasses, and I'd much rather use a Debian derivative anyway. I don't think any of those apply to production servers (at least not how I picture it). I switched to OneNote very recently, and the biggest reason was that I was fundamentally fed up with all the extraneous features: http://taoofmac.com/space/blog/2015/08/16/1800#onenote-to-ru... Wrote about that back in 2011. Surprised to see it's still an issue, really - I changed formats, but there's no reason for the JS to still work that way. http://taoofmac.com/space/blog/2011/04/28/2233 (edit: Just noticed that someone else also linked to my blog post further down. Apologies for the redundancy.) Recently minted Microsoft FTE here. Have Chrome and Firefox installed, do Linux stuff (Azure Cloud Solution Architect, customer-facing position). That "caught using the competition's product" thing doesn't match my experience here for the past month. At all. I do sorely miss using a Mac (first time after nearly 10 years that I don't have one at hand, and it's a drag on productivity for me when I need to talk to Linux servers or run some tools locally), but I don't think anyone would blink twice if I brought my own Mac to the office, even considering that I'm at an European subsidiary. I'm rather partial to Moom[0]. Been using it and the same set of hotkeys (left half, right half, move window to next monitor, etc.) for a couple of years now. [0] https://manytricks.com/moom/ tsocks is gold. Used to use something similar a while back, glad to find it again. I have a fair amount of code that people can re-use to build their own aggregators, since I did a number of experiments when Google Reader died. One was a Fever clone that had a number of strategies for doing parallel fetching: - https://github.com/rcarmo/bottle-fever Andrea Peltrin took that and evolved it into Coldsweat: https://github.com/passiomatic/coldsweat - which I recommend if you want a web UI. I did a number of other things, but eventually went back to what I used _before_ Google Reader: e-mail. I was one of the contributors for http://newspipe.sourceforge.net/ , and after getting bottle-fever going I decided to investigate the state of the art and did a quick fork of rss2email that injected messages into an IMAP store instead of sending them via SMTP, to avoid spam traps. It was a quick hack, but it allowed me to read feeds using any mobile IMAP client, and a friend eventually did a Go version, which I've also tweaked to my liking: - https://github.com/rcarmo/rss2imap (Python) - https://github.com/rcarmo/go-rss2imap (Go) Any of the above are likely to save people a fair amount of time (do bear in mind that the Python version was a hack atop code that was written by Aaron Swartz a decade ago, and it shows its age). These days I ended up going back to Feedly, simply because I have to use Windows, the Web UI is good enough and there are lots of good clients for the platforms I use (NextGen, Reeder, etc.) Plus I realised that trying to archive stuff from hundreds of feeds was somewhat pointless -- the stuff I really want to keep around goes into Pocket or OneNote, and that's that. Edit: Also, here are some notes from 2008 on Bayesian classification and its effectiveness: http://taoofmac.com/space/blog/2008/01/27/2203#an-update-on-... Check my top-level comment. Very neat. Static site generators are hard to get right (I've been hacking away at a hybrid solution at http://sushy.no-bolso.com / http://blog.carmo.io - same engine, different themes). I do have two questions, though. Why the new file extension (.lr) and the field separator? Jekyll's front matter format is easier for most people - and my engine uses a plain newline to separate front matter from text, and supports multiple file extensions to make it easier for desktop editors. Well (and this is only an opinion) having to separate each field makes it harder to edit manually, and a new file extension will be a hassle for non-technical users who want to use their favorite editor. (I went with .txt/.md/.textile to support multiple markup engines and make it easier for people to edit with literally anything) I simply build all required packages externally to the container and then bake the resulting binaries into the image by adding the requisite file trees. Fairly easy to script after the first two or three attempts, really. Have a look at Orange ( http://orange.biolab.si/ ). It's a nice toolbox for small datasets. The demo works surprisingly well on an iPad mini 4. Amazing, really. What could possibly go wrong? Funny to think that way back in 2004, when we were deploying Kannel at a telco to do value-added services, we did a little chat service that worked a lot like... Twitter. I chose Gitlab for my former company over GitHub Enterprise because we wanted an on-prem solution, and it worked well enough for ~200 folk. We did have to tweak (and occasionally break) a few things, since quite a few people suffered from NIH syndrome and wanted things done "the right way". In general, I liked it, but it always irked me that its Ruby underpinnings made it hard to upgrade/migrate stuff (we basically just swapped LXC containers at one point, not sure how it was handled during the last upgrade). If anyone ever manages to do a credible alternative that does _not_ use Ruby in any way but keeps the overall GitHub-like workflow, a lot of operations folks will switch _instantly_. (Like https://try.gogs.io/explore , for instance) Also, like some commenters already pointed out, the CE edition was ridiculously limited in some regards - we mostly skipped the bits we didn't like and did product-level ticketing outside it (using Trac), with Gitlab issues used only for "techie" stuff, tracking fixes, etc. But today I'd probably just sign us all up for GitHub and be done with it, or fire up a VM image from some marketplace - there's hardly any point in maintaining our own infrastructure or doing a lot of customization. Nope. GitHub. In that past context, it made more sense. GitHub Enterprise was essentially a closed VM that did not allow us to do the sort of customisation we needed - nor, most crucially, mount the git repos from our enterprise SAN. Gitlab allowed us to do that without any hassle, even running inside an LXC container. 1. For starters (besides other internal stuff), we were the guys who needed Shibboleth support. You might recall there were a few pull requests from a colleague of mine regarding that :) 2. No, we had to tweak the source, so I don't think the packages were useful. 3. Static pages, hooks and merge approvals would be right at the top of my list. Audits would be nice to have, but we figured out how to do that on our own. Also, issue handling needs some improvement. We just couldn't map our Trac workflow to it - but that's a fairly longer story, and it would probably be the same if we used GitHub. Performance. That thing is _fast_ when compared to a Ruby-based stack. We had a go at Phabricator for code review. Suddenly, there were two opposing camps - those who hated it utterly and those who loved it and wanted to tweak the heck out of it. Fortunately (for my team at the time, which was very resource constrained) those who hated it eventually won, but I, being kind of on the fence regarding it (wasn't keen on the UX, but liked the features), sort of wondered what would happen if someone improved the UX beyond the tipping point. Yep. Loved it when we moved from ISDN to an E1, Quake became a lot more intense for my opponents :) Sysadmins are people too :) Smiled as I read this, seeing as I'm on Slack largely due to my "extended family" from my previous job (everyone else left but we stayed in touch over Slack). Sadly, https://github.com/docker/docker/issues/3043 is still open, so no multicast support since 1.6... Yeah, but I needed this for scenarios where I managed the Docker bridge directly - i.e., running a set of streaming servers that are an insane hassle to set up and required frequent upgrades. Docker was perfect for building, upgrading and deploying them. Weave would just get in the way in this scenario (and has a tendency to over-complicate simple stuff like running an ElasticSearch cluster with auto discovery) That is precisely my point. I want to do it without weave. As long as I can control the Docker bridge (and be responsible about it), I should be able to just do it. Thanks for letting me know, but it's still open, right? Besides, can't we all just get along and accept that I might want to do things in a specific way because I don't need the extra overhead? :) Sad about this - just had two long-time friends complain bitterly about it - one moved to Github Desktop, the other downgraded. Used to use it myself on one machine until I started using VS Code (which has a simple and effective Git workflow). Nice, but I'm going to wait until the amount of RAM catches up. That would be next logical step now. That was fixed for me with 0.10.0 on Yosemite. Can't find it from my phone, but there was an issue on GitHub I was tracking. Hi, OP here. Brief clarification: some of those patterns were a consequence of us having to run Python 2.5 and 2.6 on older boxes - it's a survival technique, if you will - and having to vendor some dependencies to make it easier to deploy stuff under some other interesting constraints the article won't get into. On the whole, these patterns make it easier for other people to not break your code when they want to add, say, another set of REST endpoints (which was my main occupation at the time). You might also want to read my short piece on SSE: http://taoofmac.com/space/blog/2014/11/16/1940 And yeah, I've been meaning to change the blog layout. Hardly any time for it these days, honestly. OP here. I use dokku/CloudFoundry these days and just toss in dependencies to requirements.txt, but at the time I often had to deploy stuff on boxes with _zero_ outside access. Well, I couldn't use wheels on Python 2.6 (and certainly not use a wheelhouse properly in the environments I had to tackle back then), but yes, this is a good approach. OP here. Yes, some of the stuff we deployed was packaged as .deb files - after vendoring all the dependencies. Riiiight. Let me see if I can toss that in without breaking something else in the CSS. Well, I'd be happier if Pypy 3 were faster. As it is, I can get pretty decent speedups with 4.0 (2.7.x) but not for python3 code in my use cases... Pretty neat, although the "training set" probably doesn't comprise what most people would need. I'd like to see a version of this based, say, on React examples. Might save me some time :) Wow. I used VT220s and 230s in college, and remember those days fondly (they were hooked up to VAXen, and there was nothing quite like it, really). I wonder if I could get a keyboard and enclosure someplace and bolt on an LCD panel from a netbook (if only for the sake of power consumption). Figure 1 alone is a good reason to peek at the RFC. So glad someone is keeping RFC-style "diagrams" alive :) Regretfully, iTerm doesn't support this, and it's bitmap support hasn't made it out of beta yet. (also, I can't run the new betas, probably because they're not properly signed) I tried to do this a few years back and it was completely impossible to order anything from the Google store and have it delivered to Portugal. Although I routinely rebuilt Android to reflash my Nook Color and even rebuilt Android x86 for the "Magalhães" school laptops on a lark, I could not beg, borrow or steal an Android device with "proper", vanilla Android for myself without resorting to shady imports and zero warranty. So after a year of using an HTC One[1] and, later, a moderately vanilla LG 4, I quietly went back to the iPhone, got a Nexus 7 (2013) to scratch my occasional Android development itch, and haven't looked back. The ecosystem is _so_ much better, Safari on it (and my iPad) still knocks Chrome on Android out of the park from a user perspective, and I can tinker all I want on stuff like the Remix PC and the ODROID without having to put up with a lousy phone user experience. Would I use Android? Yes, for sure - but I wouldn't _like_ it. Would I develop for it? Sure, no problem. Did that for digital signage, even[2]. Would I develop for it _first_? Doubtful. The only serious money in it is in vertical (B2B) apps and suchlike. Would I develop web apps for it _first_? Like... are you serious? With the market being what it is? So although I "get" the article, I think it's not that realistic. [1]: http://taoofmac.com/space/blog/2013/10/20/2230 [2]: https://github.com/rcarmo/android-signage-client This. It just works (mostly), although be prepared to put up with some weirdness if you have custom fields and pixelated avatars. I've been running an ODROID-U2 for three years[1] now, and can't say I've had any real problems - still running Ubuntu 14.04 wonderfully. What was the model you got? [1]: http://taoofmac.com/space/blog/2013/02/10/1230 Neat, but I'm not sure how much better it is over my current solution (I run Lubuntu on a C720 with an upgraded SSD, and use cros-haswell-modules.sh every now and then to rebuild the touchpad kernel modules and such). It would be interesting to have more information on what exactly it does (regarding the touchpad, at least). Wiki's a bit light on details (or screenshots, by that matter). That said, it's nice to know this exists - I might try it before upgrading to 16.04 in a couple of months. Actually, these are pretty idiomatic and understandable. List comprehensions (and inline generators, which you get by using parenthesis) make it trivial to handle fairly complex sequence processing, and are one of the reasons Python gets a lot of love from the FP community. Sure, it's not really an FP language, but these give it an almost LISPy feel. Regardless,it would be less Pythonic to build a loop and iterate. Might be easier for complete novices, but I don't suppose people are just hiring novices these days, right? (edit: Mobile-sponsored typo) I was gifted a combo bedside lamp/alarm clock that lights up gradually a little before and starts chiming (in a variety of "natural" sounds) at the set time. Thought it was pretty useless until I actually tried it for a week and realized it was a lot less jarring and stressful than an ordinary alarm clock. I still tend to hit snooze and only get up on the second round, but by then I'm usually awake enough to enjoy real sunshine and looking forward to it. Light tends to have a very positive effect on me in the mornings, so taking as much advantage of it as possible would be my advice. Nice to see this again! I caught one of the earlier postings and lost track of it over time. Are there any more examples available? Folk using it in production? Nice reading. Love the style. There was a typo (wok-flow) that I stared at a bit to make sure it wasn't intentional, though. :) FYI, http://aka.ms/uowterms points to Canonical's site. Pretty excited about this, given that I've been using Cygwin for ages and always found it a pain to hit those edge cases where it didn't work. I preserved for posterity a colleague's unique commit style: https://gist.github.com/rcarmo/c671555169abbae83a1a To his credit, these were usually on his/dev branch, and there were copious comments and docs. On the other hand, a lot of this was on a large PHP codebase, so the result soon became the stuff of legend :) Loved it. Regardless of the yearly madness that pervades tech circles on this date, it was cute (perchance whimsical), well conceived, and executed with a lot of polish. Kudos. The strangest hit for me was this bit of C#: this.IsEvil = isEvil; screen.Souls.Add(new Soul(screen, new Vector2(position.X+texture.Width/2-Global.Textures["soul"].Width/2, position.Y), this.IsEvil)); When I saw RISCV mentioned as an alternative, I had to check the date twice to make sure it wasn't an April Fools'. I understand the concerns and all, but wish the alternatives were a little better picked out. Most people already mentioned SPARC and ARM as alternatives, so I won't delve into those arguments other than point out that there will _always_ be commercial interests at stake here - hardware, unlike software, requires considerable material resources to create* and distribute (and is still harder - and therefore rarer - to create for its own sake), so there won't be a wide variety of viable options out there, and new CPU architectures don't grow on trees. Better to lobby for open specs on the "offending" bits of hardware, really. * - yes, software creation can also require material resources (and a whole lot of time, which can be expensive). Let's not belabor that point... It was the cost/performance ratio, not of the CPU itself, but of the entire thing, including software. Sun sold highly performing, but extremely overpriced hardware that rode in on the hype it built around the architecture but failed to deliver on flexibility and bang for the buck. I was involved in launching an ISP where the whole shebang ran on Sun boxes, and which was over-dimensioned to the point where I once stepped into the data center and found a waist-high box full of E250/E450... Feet. The purple plastic ones you had to remove to rack mount the things. Two years later we'd shrunk down most of the whole thing (except the storage bits, where SPARC still had good performance) to a few racks of Compaq and Dell boxes that were vastly cheaper to maintain (both because they were cheaper, period, and because we didn't need to wrestle with Solaris and the compilers of the time to get stuff working on them). This was back in 1999 or so, and I never saw a SPARC system in production after 2005 (until a few months back when I visited a telco customer who still swears by them for a very specific purpose). I still have one of those plastic feet on my desk at home, as a reminder of the folly of buying single-vendor solutions. It sucks as a paperweight. :) Back when I worked at a networking reseller, I recall arriving to the office at 9(ish) in Portugal and having the damnedest time trying to get my Spanish colleagues on the phone throughout the day - the combination of an hour's difference and the siesta (compounded by our own lunchtime, which is not as limited as, say, the British but definitely not as wide-reaching as the Spaniards') made it nearly impossible to get to them in the afternoons, and of course we left the office at 5(ish - more like 6)PM. These days it's not so much of a problem (flexible working hours and e-mail have made async business communications a reality everywhere), but I think they get an (undeserved) bad rep by it from a business perspective, which is why I wouldn't mind seeing this go through. I do have some reservations about whether it will be culturally acceptable, though, but the hints I got over the past few years suggested it would depend a lot on regional habits. Wow, this takes me back. Like someone else posted here, to around 2007 or so, which is when it was last updated. Good to have this, although most of what I get these days (work-wise) is HTML-formatted or otherwise challenging from a readability perspective. I fully intend to give this a go against my mail archive (which goes back to '98, and which I currently access via Thunderbird, running inside a VNC server on an ODROID-U2 ARM board - which is a bit heftier than tmux...) Yeah. I've been using it on and off for a while, but git works fine locally, so it was mostly for private bug tracking. Or gogs, which is actually simpler to manage. That is how things work on a Mac. Hmm. Still can't see it in the Portuguese iOS App Store. This sort of thing happens time and again when someone fails to click the right options when publishing an app (typically in the US) :) I'm sorry, but as an occasional iOS developer, and seeing the amount of Portuguese users you guys have on Reddit, I find it hard to take that at face value. Is it the localised blurb you need? Crowdsource it. Heck, I'll do it. Ping me. I was kind of hoping for a Pepe Le Pew[1] cartoon, at the very least. :) [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pepé_Le_Pew Because we need faster glue? :) That is true. I've been fooling around with Hy (hylang.org) for a fairly long time because it's nicer than Clojure for doing glue, and that has made me wonder how fast some things would go if Python had native immutable data types. Precisely. :) Also, see above my comment on using Hy (hylang.org) for LISPy glue. I can't help it - the first thing I thought of was doing a mashup of this and leftpad as a service :) Had to happen. New PyPy release, new 2vs3 feud in comments. Can't we all just get along? Anyway, my $0.02: I'm looking forward to test this with Hy (hylang.org) and seeing if some of the module referencing is fixed. Makes for a great JITed LISP already. Having built my own portable server a couple of times* using old Android phones, I genuinely like the idea, but find it quite surprising that someone actually went out and built an integrated device - must be a pretty small niche market. *: https://taoofmac.com/space/blog/2013/04/28/2330 The Psion Series 3 handhelds: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psion_Series_3 A (tiny, but) usable, physical keyboard on a device that lasted _ages_, fit into a suit pocket and was eminently practical. The age of the PDA is long gone (heck, I'm typing this on an iPad mini), but we still haven't caught up with some of its best bits. PageMaker: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adobe_PageMaker I used it to typeset nearly all of my academic work until I was forced to switch to Word by peer pressure. Adobe made a complete hash of it, and none of those files are readable anymore. I never owned a 5, much to my regret. I switched from a 3a to a PalmPilot (which by itself deserves another entry in this list), but often wished I'd stuck with Psion. Graffiti on Palm handhelds. I owned the original PalmPilot and a couple of other models up to the Vx, and can still write Graffiti faster than I can type on a touch screen. Discounting the Newton (which I tested but didn't own), there still isn't anything else that even came close in terms of practical "handwriting", and even though there's an Android keyboard that does Graffiti, ACCESS is sitting on the IP and has done nothing with it. I'd forego a non-critical bit of my anatomy to have Graffiti on iOS with a decent stylus. Not even the MyScript keyboards come close. Yeah, I did point that out on my post. They let it languish for a good while and recently started updating it. XMPP. Yeah, I know technically it still exists, but having 8 different chat clients installed on my phone is ridiculous. The Pyra looks like a shoebox - isn't there anything with a nicer form factor? I've been known to do commits from http://workingcopyapp.com from both my iPad and my iPhone. Works better than you'd think, really. I went through the second list and got a perfect 10 for one of my previous positions and an 8 for most of the others. This is as realistic as Dilbert. Only the other day I started keeping track of stuff for kids here: http://taoofmac.com/space/dev/Kids (my kids are moving on from Scratch, and we eventually settled on Python, but I'm keeping tabs on other options) Up next, on 11'o'clock news: "JavaScript developer breaks all mainframes on the planet by withholding LEFTPAD.CBL" It's not wet and squirmy like a babel fish, but I fear the consequences of it being able to fully translate product/sales-speak into engineer-speak and vice-versa. Like Douglas Adams wrote: "Meanwhile, the poor Babel fish, by effectively removing all barriers to communication between different races and cultures, has caused more and bloodier wars than anything else in the history of creation." I've been playing around with it on[1] and off, mostly on the Raspberry Pi[2]. It's very nice conceptually, almost impossible to use practically except for research purposes. [1]: http://taoofmac.com/space/blog/2014/05/04/2230 [2]: https://bitbucket.org/infpi/inferno-rpi Well, code reuse is a pain, for starters. Limbo is not something people actively develop in, there are very few native ports of networking protocols, and you need to rebuild the OS if you want to expose hardware functionality. I thought it was monthly. Seems to happen around the 20th each time, every time a Python piece gets posted... There have been a number of attempts. The closest is http://www.xrdp.org ( https://github.com/neutrinolabs/xrdp ), which does basic session management against a backing Xrdp or Xvnc server, proxying either to RDP. I haven't used it in a while (~6m), but to get the most of it you really had to compile from source and understand how to manage the various daemons (xrdp.ini is a mess, and configuring some things was rather counter-intuitive). Otherwise you wouldn't have resizable desktops (as in xrandr, not rescaling) and other niceties. Not sure about audio, now that I think about it, but the gist of things is that so far no mainstream distribution got xrdp right or usable out of the box (unless we're talking about the niche LTSP-related stuff). Not really enthusiastic about file syncing moving into kernel space. I get that this is necessary for on-demand fetching of files, but I worry about stability and failure modes - I can see apps stalling and/or getting confused when file open calls fail because the network drops, etc. Reminds me of the Coda/AFS2 days, really (those weren't as much fun as you'd think, back when we opened files over X.25 links...) Bottom line: I hope it's configurable and that I can switch it off (preferably by default). I like the fact that this is happening, with a live Git repo and all. 9front is alive, sure, but bootstrapping things atop a modern compiler and a (at least partially) Linux compatible ABI makes a lot of sense. This is excellent news. Jenkins is often the hardest thing for people to get to grips with in a CI pipeline solely because of the UI/UX, and I, for one, welcome our redesigned build butlers... :) linuxemu has been dead for years - it's pretty much impossible to run modern 64-bit stuff in Plan9. Like, you know, a 2010-era browser... The open space bit keep nagging at me. I've liked and hated it in equal parts, but the truth is that as soon as I was able to spend time working from home I stopped wanting to go to the office daily, period. I'm so much more productive when not sharing a table with a half dozen folk. Best testing library I've used yet is https://github.com/HypothesisWorks/hypothesis-python . YMMV, of course, but I've always wanted a little more smarts than py.test... You're comparing apples to oranges here. Flask is a server-side framework and doesn't care one whit about what you put on top - it just serves up requests. This is nice to see. I don't use anything but http://bottlepy.org these days because I find the decorator approach to be more elegant, but I do have a few Flask-based tools I adopted, and (for instance) patching them to serialize datetimes was a pain. That's actually explained in the article. Plus it's an air pump... Oh, I already do that. Thought my statement was plain enough. It does. I meant testing as in a process, not as in its specific purpose (and even then it's still ambiguous in English). Did a similar thing a few years back, with playlist support and uzbl as the browser (which is much faster and lighter than chromium) and omxplayer to play/stream full screen video. Just a Python script with playlist support, really: https://github.com/sapo/digital-signage-client We eventually gave up on using Pis due to lack of decent hardware acceleration on the browser (still missing, BTW) and I then built this: https://github.com/sapo/android-signage-client Plenty of videos and samples at both links. Strangely enough, my Dropbox client just asked me for a password for the first time in... ages. Says it's version 5.3.19. This. I've trimmed down severely on my use of Clojure(Script) because setting things up for kicking off small projects is just too time consuming, and large projects I dip into use other languages. Where it regards ClojureScript specifically, doing a simple MVP/PoC web project or a Cordova app is just way faster to get going in vanilla JavaScript. As to Clojure, every time I have to invoke lein it feels very much like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_2E6nlnMPU&t=1m0s The sheer purity of that UI still gives me the chills. Need to change that key binding... thanks to the US-centric take we've had on keyboards since the TTY days, that key combination doesn't make sense on a Portuguese keyboard. Actually, I've been using it since the beginning and have no interest on file icons - I like it just the way it is, without colored baubles festooning an otherwise monochrome and distraction-free file tree. (I prefer reading the file extensions anyway, since they stick out on the right hand side) Hint: Refresh for kicks. Are you saying Scots aren't accurate? :) ducks That be the bonniest wee joke yet :) They did, they're using Ctrl+ç, which is a nice way to use an otherwise useless key for programming, but hardly memorable or ergonomic for me - I'll go and use Ctrl-Shift-T as well, which is what I use in Openbox ;) Aye, thanks. That's what I'll do, since I also use that in OpenBox when running Linux and it's much more intuitive. That's because they're faster than the eye can see... :) No, seriously now. I've been a vi/vim user for a decade or so, but it only "stuck" when I realized that the single key commands are verbs and that the right way to use it is to experiment less and plan ahead more. I'm tremendously productive with it when I already know what I have to do in batches (refactor blocks, rename multiple variables, etc.) rather than just hunting and pecking at things with a mouse. That said, I only use two editors these days: vim and VSCode (without any sort of vim bindings, which I've not yet investigated fully). The former for quick dips into existing code bases where I already know what I'll be doing, and the latter for new projects. Plus, of course vim is essential if you ever want to be productive (or even borderline effective) on a server environment. I'd stick with it if I were you. Doesn't the Clojure syntax higlighting work for you? I've been using it with a variety of LISPs for a while. Actually, it was more like Prolog self-pollination with a dash of acid. ;) But seriously, the syntax is not that big a deal once you've understood it (and being permeable to the history behind it helps). Erm. StackOverflow was built by folk who used C# heavily, and cargo-culting is amazingly prevalent on both the C# and Java "traditional IT" communities, so _of course_ StackOverflow is biased towards those runtimes... Whenever a new version of jQuery (or Zepto) comes along, I wonder what would have happened if web development borrowed a page from other ecosystems and browser runtimes had subsumed the jQuery API, shipping it natively. It's a controversial notion, I'll grant, but what if the DOM APIs had been replaced by "native" jQuery support? Would we have been better off? Worse? Considering the intricacies of standards bodies and industry lobbies, pondering the pros and cons makes for a fascinating exercise. I liked tinkering with F# on VS Code with Ionide ( https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Ionide.I... ), but would love to hear from folk doing F#/OCaml as to their toolsets. Don't get me going on Python in the browser... :) I've been using a SonyEricsson MW600 Bluetooth adapter for my headphones for a couple of years - it pairs with up to three devices, the audio quality is pretty good (audiophile colleagues tried it with their hideously expensive headphones and said it was "surprisingly decent"), the battery lasts me around a week depending on use, and it charges via a standard micro-USB connector. Love it so much that when the tieclip-style clip broke, I ordered a new clip off eBay instead (Sony has a couple of successors to it, but I'll pass until this one completely dies on me). I think this is a more interesting solution than changing physical connectors. I wonder if pHash wouldn't make this a lot more effective. Anyone tried building an ES-usable distance function for pHash? Incidentally, the Raspberry Pi image was recently updated and has better multi-core support. Pretty nice for a near-instant boot terminal, although the non-UNIXness of it becomes a little bit grating when trying to remember how to SSH in a hurry. (On mobile, so I'll add the link later, but http://taoofmac.com/space/os/Plan9 has my notes) Thanks! I moved most of my 2FA/TOTP stuff to 1Password. Works great on the Apple watch, and it's one less app (I tried Authy, but I have this thing against using too many apps) apt-get remove -y unity && apt-get install wmaker wmaker-data pcmanfm lxterminal Should take less than 10 minutes and be way faster to use :) (I actually use openbox and fbpanel, but WindowMaker is just too great to forget about) I'm still using Textile. My blog engine ( https://github.com/rcarmo/sushy ) can cope with ReST, Markdown, Textile, raw HTML and iPython notebooks, and I still turn to Textile for complex tables and other niceties. Out of the 7000-odd pages on my site, most complex pieces are Textile (although most newer items are Markdown). I find ReST incredibly awkward to use, really, because it's anything but intuitive - both Textile and Markdown are easier to write off the cuff. More importantly, though, I really wish that Textile, Markdown, ReST, etc., were formally specified as PEG grammars or similar. There's just too much variation, and "standards" or specs defining them tend to be written in ambiguous English rather than something that could be formally validated and easily ported across to new languages (rather than the spaghetti messes of regexps that most parsers turn out to be when you look at the source). Actually, I was thinking of CommonMark when I wrote that. The spec is still ambiguous, and a reference implementation is not a formal grammar... I actually think this is a valid point, even if somewhat colloquially expressed. I had a lot of trouble getting past that menu bar on Opera Mini and even on an iPad, it's entirely too much. This. We actually use non-Windows platforms, too. ;) I do customer-facing sessions too (focusing on Azure and OSS stacks) and quite enjoy the stunned silence when I pop open an SSH session and use it for a demo in their Linux distro of choice ;) Most people don't realize how things have changed/are changing on a daily basis. Actually, if you go to https://tryappservice.azure.com and create a temporary (free, login required, no registration, etc.) web app, you can edit it in real time with Monaco. You can do that in Go, NodeJS, Python... Etc. It uses Electron as a shell, so "yes" This is great. I can't wait for an ARM build, though. I did. I want the mainstream stuff. "Since the iPhone came out" means you climbed aboard at a much later era :) I still have System 6.0.4 floppies :) Alas, I had to get rid of my SE/30, my Classic, and my LC II. And not having bought a IIfx still stings. This is good news, since a few tooling improvements have made it back to the Erlang ecosystem in general (and to lfe.io in particular, which I prefer over Elixir). The graphics cards of the day didn't have gamma correction, for starters. Plus phosphor had an entirely different response curve. :) Well, so far nobody's complained about Python 3 support yet :) Seriously now, this looks pretty neat, and even includes Jupyter support. I suspect it manipulates the AST like Hy, and I can't see any reason why it shouldn't work on Pypy. I'm going to oversimplify a bit, but unmodified applications cannot have a native GUI or break out of the Linux Subsystem sandbox (other than network connections). You can cheat using VNC to localhost, of course ;) I have it installed, and still rely on Cygwin for projects that live on my Windows directory. The tech industry is going to be upended: investment gone, nearshoring companies essentially gutted of their cost advantages, and the London startup ecosystem severely damaged, since _a lot_ of tech workers in the UK are expats. Might be an opportunity for some (am hopeful that the Web Summit moving to Lisbon will boost things here), but I'm not sure there will be any substantial upside for this anywhere... I'm biased, but I'm going to say this anyway, since I've spent the morning talking to former colleagues living as expats in the UK and to a couple of the local nearshoring gigs, which are also in shock: if you're coming to Lisbon for the Web Summit this year, take the time to investigate the Portuguese startup ecosystem - a lot has changed recently, and if Brexit bottoms out the tech industry in the UK the option of coming back home might be feasible. Here's a quick primer: https://medium.com/@isss111/the-portuguese-startup-scene-201... I use NetSurf on a Raspberry Pi B regularly. Does the job unless you need JS. Yeah, but it's been there for a little while now... I just clicked on their cookie prompt and saw my browser being redirected to PayPal for some reason. Shut down the tab immediately and don't intend to check out the project at all. I've been pinged by recruiters for positions in Spain pretty much every week, either multinationals who need to grow their presence or local corps looking for experts. Cost of living is about the same as here in Portugal, but my previous experience with local execs makes me leery of those opportunities. X was never designed to work like that. I personally run Visual Studio Code (with a patched X lib to allow Electron to start without graphics acceleration) with the "local window manager" (i.e., Windows itself). Works great. I've been considering building a hackintosh again given the anemic status of Apple's desktops (the current Mini is lousy value for money). Only thing really stopping me is the rather bulky form factor (my current mini fits snugly under the shelf that holds my monitors). All in all, things are vastly improved these days. Apple tends to use more off-the-shelf hardware, which means there's a lot less hacking going on if you hand-pick components (like a few others here, I ran OS X on a Dell Mini 9, but I also did that on Toshiba laptops, Dell desktops and a number of 'near-Macs' which had compatible motherboards and video cards). You can keep such a machine stable for years if you know what you're doing, but yes, things can go spectacularly wrong. Then again, considering that I mostly did nuke & pave upgrades of most of my Linux machines due to accumulation of various kinds of cruft, a couple of those hacks were probably easier to maintain. Because I want full integration with a Git CLI that uses the exact same plugins as I use in Linux. Git on Windows is a pain for me. I've been using tmux for years now, and the last time I had to use screen (because it was the only thing pre-installed on a server) it felt like going back to the Dark Ages. Only gripe I have with it is that copy-paste can be fiddly, but that's terminals for you. Yeah, well, no. My friends sent me that very same link (and the YouTube video of the build), but that box doesn't fit under the shelf by an inch. I appreciate the pointers, but neither of my monitors has enough room behind it. I use an IKEA wall shelf to lift my monitors off my desk. The thing has just enough clearance to have the Mini under it and an inch and a half clear above it for airflow, and was a pain to place at the right height at the time (concrete walls). Doesn't even mention bottle, which is weird in this day and age. Opinionated... Check. I don't see the point of asking any of these questions in this fashion... I've been using Macs since, well... Forever, and writing about them for over a decade over at http://taoofmac.com I'd say this piece is too opinionated by design - not only does it ignore the almost relentless iterative approach Apple has taken with aesthetics, it reads a lot like linkbait. But hey, that's just my opinion. :) Both my current[1] and previous[2] blog engines work like this - as long as the post tree is updated by git or Dropbox, they're perfectly happy. Plus I can use whatever markup I want (even Jupyter notebooks). 1: https://github.com/rcarmo/sushy 2: https://github.com/rcarmo/yaki Mathematica is squarely on my "stuff I'd buy if I had cash to spare" category. I use Jupyter on a daily basis for a few different languages and it's improving steadily every month, but I kind of wish I was using Mathematica instead most of the time. As it is, I poke at it occasionally on a Raspberry Pi (which is now mostly fast enough) and wonder wistfully what it would be like to run on an i7 (or, rather, a cluster of i7 boxes...) It does annoy me a bit that it's becoming a mix of a client environment and an online service, but Alpha does have its use. Not really sure what to make of the Pokémon stuff, though :) I would use it if it didn't prompt me to upgrade to a paid plan every 10 seconds or so... I get that it's commercial. I don't get that they'd want to drive off users upon their first half an hour's usage. I know I'm going to get flamed for this, but I nearly stopped reading at "per minute". Heroku is still nice, though, and I perfectly understand why people stick with it, but contrasting it with the choice of using Ruby is what made me read the article. This is bloody amazing. Best way to spend a quiet Saturday morning :) Can't wait for the "small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri" memes. I would think http://en.arguman.org/web-programming-is-getting-unnecessari... is much more interesting, really. React is _just one framework_. Popular, sure, and occasionally annoying (for very small things, the overhead of building a gigantic workspace vs just using Zepto and ending up with three JS files is... well... pointless), but we should be looking at the broader picture. It's brittle and confusing nonetheless. Having to set up Go on all the machines I use is a pain I could do without. "replacing 3 in wherever you see 1000 in this post is probably a good idea" ...which really means "I have no clue where this will break when scaling". Cute, but not terribly insightful, and possibly risky in an age where following recipes off the Internet is too often the first step towards production :) I see what you did there ;) Either way, Graffiti is still the best (most reliable and fast) pen input method I've ever used on a portable device by far, and it's ridiculous that we haven't caught up with it in 2016. I'd love to have ACCESS do something with it other than a (pretty much dead) Android keyboard. I tried it a few times, ovar the years. It is very impractical, takes up a lot of real estate and requires you to look at what you're writing - something that is not an issue with Graffiti. Sadly, it won't work on an original iPad (iOS 5). Anyone know of a good alternative that will work with that, no matter how slow? Loved the "MADE IN CHINA" one. The writing's been on the wall for quite some time, so this isn't really news -- more of a clarification, really, written with reassurance for the average user in mind. I see a lot of negative pushback here on HN, but here in Europe WhatsApp is pretty much universally used -- not to ludicrous extents, but simply because it's always been a usable, reliable service. Stuff like Viber caught on in some places, Telegram seems to be used only by techies, and Facebook Messenger seems to be rather hit and miss. Despite a lot of reservations, I started using WhatsApp because the peer pressure was unsustainable -- family, friends, colleagues (at three companies), etc., everyone uses it, and to me it has the saving grace of (unlike FB messenger) not being updated every month with frilly, useless features (although they never seem to get around to adding quick replies on Apple Watch, and the lock screen replies on iOS still fail). I'd probably be happy with SMS and iMessage, but the truth is that I _never_ get any messages through either (except for banks and the odd URL sent from an iPad)... Neat. I rather like the idea, although these days any OS that doesn't target embedded systems and doesn't sport a web browser is instantly filed as a tech demo... Instant phone wallpaper, right there. I've been watching this carefully, because the subscription model has zero benefits for me and both Chrome and Safari have started to implement basic password management solutions that already do cloud syncing. They're weak and obscure, but usable, and 1Password's benefit is that it's smarter and prettier. However, I'm not keen on cloud sync that I don't control or that I can't audit somehow. So no AgileBits for me in the new model, ever, and if they drop the Dropbox sync option, I'll move everything to KeePass. Shame, though, the UX and integration with other apps in iOS is pretty nifty. But to be honest, I suspect AgileBits' market share to shrink significantly over time as browser and OS-based password managers become better. And an Oxford Dictionary on a hair-trigger. I use p2k.co, which works ok enough for me in the free tier that I haven't bothered implementing my own... This is begging for using http://hylang.org instead of vanilla Python. This. I cannot stress how important both of these factors are. I still haven't found a solution other than ( http://meocloud.pt , which was implemented by my former colleagues) that was within an order of magnitude as fast and/or as light in terms of CPU load, _and_ that supported Linux directly (let alone had halfway decent MacOS support). This is great. I've been waiting for them to catch up with Ubuntu LTS so I can move over. I already know Geary is quirky and still doesn't handle contacts and that the calendar apparently doesn't sync with anything (at least one of the betas didn't), but the nice, clutter-free desktop (mostly) makes up for it. Nobody ever uses the built-in Flask server for production. The common deployment pattern is to load the Flask app into a WSGI or asyncio serve, which will then handle requests with scalable threading/process models. Look into uwsgi or gunicorn, and you'll never look back :) Loved the photo caption: "We’ve got a lot of people who work in IT; they’ve obviously got a lot of anger to work out." was it that hard to just, you know, type "brew analytics off"? Or was there more to that decision? I love this and would use it if I could actually install it on a modern machine, say a netbook/chromebook/winbook (I'd have to hunt around for a good browser build, SSH and remote desktop, but I like to think those exist/are feasible to self-build). I know about NetPositive and the revamp, didn't see that. But what I meant was RDP support. Now if it actually installed and supported power management and the wi-fi card... There were some efforts to port it to ARM, but they apparently never took off. Which is kind of sad, since it would make an _amazing_ OS for, say, the Raspberry Pi. Yep. This. I know it's not cool to point this out and that front-end folks upgrade Node all the time, but installing Node on a "normal" machine inside your average IT environment is a complete pain, whereas you can do pip install azure-cli as a regular user without installing anything else on most Linux distros out of the box. Also, I've had nothing but trouble with recent Node versions (and I'm a pyenv/rbenv/*env/etc. guy, have multiple runtimes of everything around, etc. - but most people would try once and never try again). I'm _so_ going to use that walker image. With luck, I'll remember it if I ever need a real walker later on. It's amazing. I built my own little PaaS on it: https://github.com/rcarmo/piku Wow. I've been using it for a few weeks and never spotted that (been focusing on infra). Thanks for the heads up. It's part of Bash for Windows, but you're right, it's not on the Windows side by default. Hi there, I'm the OP. AMA, I'll try to give cogent replies despite my advanced age :) First they came for PID 1, and we were silent. Oh, wait, we weren't. But although I don't miss the rickety init scripts, I've grown more and more worried about stuff like this, enough to ponder replacements (in Go or Python, which seem to be generally acceptable for systems software these days). Ignoring for the moment the usual biases against Python, how feasible/how much support would it be/have to build something to replace systemd (by having PID 1 do the minimum possible, in C, and having the rest done with Python)? Ah, the pot calling the kettle black :) I once used a modified version of Echoprint to fingerprint a few million tracks from a music service we were working on. Most fun bit was maxing out 80 cores and a LAN segment using a mix of Celery workers to fetch tracks and feed them to a C++ fingerprinter and store the data in Postgres. The EP fingerprints were a lot smaller, though. IIRC it used a mix of beat and tonal detection. We modified EP to take multiple fingerprints to achieve the same result with offsets (down to 10 seconds, I think), and built a web UI prototype for matching audio from a desktop browser. It didn't end up becoming a telco service solely due to commercial agreements, but it was a lot of fun and almost embarrassingly accurate with ABBA songs (since we ended up trying a lot of variations on the first entries in the catalogue). Wow. 140+ comments and nobody mentioned the Python 3 jab :) Seriously now, I gave up front-end stuff when it began requiring me to use Node to bundle files together, and find it terrifying to see Yeoman used as a code generator for non-JS runtimes and frameworks... building software atop quicksand (be it frameworks or libraries) that shift every week is insane, and it feels like the modern day version of just-in-time job security. My use of thumb these days is to not use more JavaScript than what I can read in one sitting, unless a) it's D3 or a similar single-purpose library and b) I get a Docker container to run npm and all its funk inside that I NEVER have to look inside of. My dream is that JavaScript dies and that the industry moves to something like Elm, ClojureScript or TypeScript, with a functional and/or hard typed approach. I was kind of expecting a black bar on HN by now, but the comments here are more of a statement of how much people respected him than any symbol. Hmmm. I've had an intermittent problem where my feed suddenly regurgitates past items without warning. Wondering if this might have something to do with it somehow... I've been using Fossil on and off throughout the years, and find it to be a very nice all-in-one solution for personal projects. Collaborating, however, is an issue due to the prevalence of git (it was a bit easier in the Mercurial days because hg users were used to coexisting with something else). The biggest advantage for me is having a single file as the repo. Makes it much easier to archive stuff. I tried to use gradle when I moved one of our apps to Android Studio for a few tweaks and updates - ended up using Ant and Visual Studio Code instead, such was the slowness and pain of the whole thing. Been using Ubuntu LTS (NEVER the October releases) in production for years. As smooth as Debian for upgrading. If you're breaking your system every six months, that's probably because you're using the October releases instead of sticking to the April ones (which are usually the LTS ones and have fewer experimental packages). My rule of thumb is to only set up October releases for playing around and getting a feel for what's coming down the pipe, and NEVER use them for production. Only the .04 ones. I had a very similar experience with them (around Java and Python dev questions) a few years back. Completely turned me off applying to Google, or replying to the numerous pings I get whenever they want to expand headcount in Europe. (I'm not going to mention other companies here, but I also had enough "technical" interviews of this kind to make me wonder if people actually know how to recruit outside their - often quite narrow - perception of what their area of expertise actually is.) Makes me quite sad, really, because there is zero assessment of experience, talent and know-how in this kind of interview (and whiteboard interviews can be ridiculous in their own right, too, but that's not the point here - it's just that they appear to be the next step in this broken appraisal). Actually, most people with a networking background would know this kind of detail (and more). It's the relevance (and appraisal of answers) that is shocking. I did say "usually". It's not as if I go about upgrading servers every season, that would be insane. Oh, wait, this is the MEAN stack age :) Our app built just fine on a 2GB RAM machine with a 64GB SSD. Ironically, it was my repurposed Chromebook :) I love this kind of thing so much that I built my own: https://github.com/rcarmo/piku (Originally coded to deploy services on the Raspberry Pi, but now used on "real" machines too) OP here. I was playing around with Docker Swarm and wanted to build a reusable template for batch processing jobs that let me just resize a scaleset (a VM "pool" in Azure, if you will) to add more workers, and this is the result. Should be immediately useful for many people (I have half a mind to set up a Blender render cluster using this) Curious to see how this fares against something like uWSGI with aiohttp support (haven't tried either, but uWSGI brings so much more to the table than speed that I'd like to be able to make an informed choice). Which is why I haven't tried it yet. :) Erm. I don't get that comment. Anyway, You can't ordinarily add compute resources to a swarm automatically, which was kind of my point with this. Yeah, I use uWSGI for a lot of things (check out http://github.com/rcarmo/piku , for instance), so am more interested in figuring out if I can get a little extra mileage off it. And what do you do to browse the web? Nice. There's an Inferno port to the Raspberry Pi that could be made even smaller by using this (I suppose): http://lynxline.com/projects/labs-portintg-inferno-os-to-ras... The fun bit for me (no real pun intended regarding Bitcode) is following the speculation that the delays in upgrading the Mac line might be tied to a switch to ARM at the low end. Would make a lot of sense for Apple to vertically integrate their macOS hardware line as neatly as iOS-based devices, but would kill the Mac as an agnostic development platform (i.e., no more Docker x64 binaries and so on). Can't say I find that much of a problem these days (VMs are plentiful in the cloud), so the prospect of having thinner, lighter laptops seems a decent trade-off. I just wish they'd actually fix their bugs, though. I owned an iMac G5, and I agree with the relative comparison. The G5 was fast, but the PPC arch was not that efficient, and moving to Intel at the time gave Apple more headroom while lowering their power consumption and thermal profile. Precisely my point, although I didn't quite get to it :) I've been running ARM machines for years (since before the Raspberry Pi was cool). These days I have no trouble running most common Linux desktop software on ARM. Even Docker works (with ARM binaries inside the containers, of course). I'd say the only sticking points would be graphics/assembly/hardware-related stuff, and all of them surmountable. Obligatory link to today's best solution, using the Python AST and running straight off bytecode: http://hylang.org The maintainers quoted having a few customers using it, but here's my stuff: http://github.com/rcarmo/sushy I'd leave the tech industry and write. Oh, you mean _in_ the tech industry? I'd probably spend a fair amount of time working on space tech and real time software. There are untold lessons in reliability, efficiency and know-how that I'd like to at least glimpse before I'm gone - I've had enough of the mess that the Web has become in any of those regards. Erm. My blog runs on it, it's the demo site :) "We have no escape", said one of my Mac-wielding colleagues. So true now. (Full disclosure: I've been writing at taoofmac.com for over 14 years now, and even though I get why Apple is doing this, still find it dumb because I live inside a UNIX terminal most of my time. I'm now considering switching to Linux as soon as I can find a decent mail client, because, like Jamie Zawinsky, I refuse to read my email in a browser, like an animal.) I used (and refurbished) a bunch of those. But I switched to the Mac full time because of UNIX, not when it ran cooperative multitasking hacks atop a 680x0 CPU. That key combo only works on US keyboards. Portuguese, for instance, doesn't have dedicated square brackets keys. That key combo only works on US keyboards. Portuguese, for instance, doesn't have dedicated square brackets keys. I'd like to point out that we're having a pretty great argument about this on this HN thread: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12791672 That doesn't work in many keyboard locales. Mine (Portuguese) doesn't have dedicated square brackets keys. It's not a problem for coding, although I've taken to using a US keyboard of late with my iPad and find it easier to code in C and Python. Yes Fleetingly, under the influence of a Martini. I have little love for it, and find Mail.app much more pleasant and efficient (not performance-wise, usability-wise). Geary looks the part, but doesn't act anywhere as close. Actually, there is, because indexing elements in arrays is a fairly common operation and when I use a US layout, it's so much easier. In fact, a lot of the contortions we have on EU keyboards are a pain to go back to once you've gotten used to a US layout, because there are decades of lore and history around US-layout TTYs that influenced programming language designs.