Also feels like a regression. What's wrong with keeping that option? Regex is universal way of matching strings. > difficult or impossible using just a regex search I am sorry but this isn't true. I can prove it. Regex is used to parse the program itself that runs APT, this is called Lexical analysis[1]. GNU Bison and Flex [2] are lexical analyzers for example that compile a lot of code we write today. So whatever pattern matching code was written in C as part of the APT 2.0 package, that code itself is read and compiled by regex. So, it provably cannot be impossible to do a match using this new feature you're referring to that cannot be matched using plain old regex. Difficulty is subjective depending on who the target demographic is. All these things are actually moot - it doesn't cost you anything to keep Regex option to search for some package names, perhaps a bit of additional code to maintain. Also, other means of pattern matching can be added in addition to regex search feature. Why not both? [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lexical_analysis [2] https://aquamentus.com/flex_bison.html I am not an expert at epidemiology but I found WHO's leadership sorely lacking, profoundly confused and generally weak in every way. Let this be a lesson to learn for western democracies to not put all of their eggs in one basket. Diversification, localization and strategic globalization of the supply chain should be at the forefront of the issues to be discussed, ratified and acted upon after this pandemic is over. When one country manufactures 90% of world's goods (not accurate, to make a point), while the top 1% gets their bonuses for increasing profit margins, this is what we have. We've lost skills, we've lost our stance to manufacture things in our own homeland. It is depressing, deeply worrying and feels like the entire world has been gutted out by one country. Just to make it clear - think about this scenario - what would happen if one country made the food for the rest of the world? (Thankfully, we don't, but it can happen). What about pharmaceuticals? (Unfortunately, 90% of the world's generic drugs are made in Asia, primarily in India who in turn depends on China) [1]. [1] China is the world's largest raw materials exporter for Drugs: https://www.wsj.com/articles/china-opens-door-to-foreign-dru... Edit: I just realized that some of the startup and entrepreneurs around the world are on this forum, if you'd like to get into manufacturing, want to learn about more abstract concepts of manufacturing, I implore you to checkout: Manufacturing Planning and Control for Supply Chain Management reference book - https://books.google.com/books/about/Manufacturing_Planning_... This book is absolute gold . Manufacturing is like playing this game Factorio (google it) but in real life. It is an exciting field ripe for innovation, many very hard problems and unlimited potential (and a lot of risk as well). I don't have a good answer. First and foremost, the shipping rates for consumer goods from China is outrageously low. People buying from Germany to Australia to USA - $2 shipped PCBs and $4 toys shipped - all have one thing in common: Shipping cost is highly subsized because of this treaty - https://www.vox.com/2018/10/19/17996378/trump-china-universa... Specifcally, the problem is the Universal Postal Union: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_Postal_Union Locally made goods can benefit from some tax breaks and government subsidies as well, but the aforementioned problem needs to be resolved. Alas, it won't be because executives keep lobbying and paying off key decision makers. The whole thing is corrupt. I don't agree with President Trump on majority of things, but I try to not let bias triumph over logic, pragmatism and rational ideas; no matter who is pushing them. It is not about autarky, but diversification and resiliency of the supply chain. Automakers are experts at this - BMW cars made in USA (South Carolina) have US made parts and ones made in Germany have locally sourced parts from Germany, yet the ones made in South Africa have diversified sources - both local and international. If you're in the US, you can see this % of locally made parts right on the window price sticker. It's not just for show - if there is a shortage of headliners in US, it can import it for a short term needs from Europe and vice-versa. No one is suggesting complete in-house isolation aka Autarky, but to avoid SPOF (single point of failure) supply chains - probability of each link breaking adds up when your supply chain is 18 levels deep from an iPhone to the copper mine. Let's go to the source of this problem - Corn/Wheat lobbyist paying off lawmakers in DC. This is the root cause of American sell out. It is an awful system that needs to be completely dismantled, criminilized and banned. Please don't tell me about how each special group has the right to lobby... this is an asymmetrical game. As the corn/wheat lobbyists lobby, who is opposing them? No one. And, as their interests are in billions of dollars, it is literally impossible of oppose. I am willing to bet, large number of America's problems can be traced straight to the abhorrently corrupt process of lobbying. https://berniesanders.com/issues/money-out-of-politics/ You could vote for him if you're in the US. College Prep is a giant business that needs to be dismantled. They have a monopoly in this area. IMO each college should be doing their own objective test. Definitely agree about subjective tests - smooth talkers will get ahead. But that's already the case in getting a job after they graduate - interviewing process is already broken. It needs to be dismantled due to monopoly. I’m not sure how. Those are orthogonal. I think it’s pretty insane that a single company is a gatekeeper to elite institutions. I’m honestly not sure of the solution, but the problem is pretty evident. College Prep could raise exam fees by 200% tomorrow and you have no law, no oversight from the government or anything preventing them from doing so. Absolute monopoly. They’re no different than professors in bed with book publishers, mandating a particular book for the course. Students need to spend $350 on a textbook is insanity. Not sure if I agree, more likely is the following: - Apple presumably is subsidizing hardware if it leads to larger NPV for their service business and recurring revenues for the lifetime of the said hardware. For instance, if a user buys an iPhone, they're more likely to buy Apple music, News+, iCloud storage plans, etc. This is akin to, in extreme case, Sony Playstation - they're often sold at a loss hoping to create future revenue streams from games. The reason why they can get away from selling Playstation consoles at a loss is because without buying games, it is completely useless piece of hardware. In the case of iPhone, it is not quite the same as Playstation because you don't need Apple Music to use an iPhone. Coronavirus has an incubation period of avg 5 days, and it gets contagious on the 2nd day. So, no, that will not work unless we have billions of tests and we test every citizen 3 times a week. Given that we don't have tests, and we cannot test every citizen with force; this is not gonna work. This cannot be stated enough. Why is it so difficult to understand for most people that MacOS is a much larger part of the equation than simply comparing mac vs. pc hardware? The engine behind moore's law is that for the same given silicon area, we can pack more and more transistors. So what, one might say? Because if we can cram more and more die on a wafer (which has remained a standard 300mm diameter since 2000's) then the $/die goes down. Running a semiconductor fab is about how many wafers can be processed per unit time (or also known as WS/W or wafer starts per week). I see problems with this analogy but that's fine, its an analogy after all :) "If the automobile had followed the same development as the computer, we would produce a billion rolls royces a year, get a million miles per gallon, can transport 10000 people per car and explode once a year, killing everyone inside. Oh and it would cost $3.50 per car." Design is not just about how a thing looks or what kind of shape it has, but the intelligence that goes into how it works. From the video - it is exchanging encrypted IDs between 2 phones over bluetooth, this is potentially huge if adopted around the world. I wonder if other governments can get in touch with SG government to fork this solution if privacy across countries is of concern. http://archive.is/MSgJs Any virologists here? Is it possible that we may have a grave future where a virus emerges with R0 value of 6-7 (such as measles virus), long incubation period (10 days, contagious on 2nd day) and a death rate of 50-100% (such as Ebola)? A virus with the combination of all of the aforementioned properties would guarantee complete extinction of humans (or we get very close to it). Should we consider ourselves lucky? Edit: my intent wasn't to incite panic, but to learn about the virology, molecular biology and the physics of transmission. I am truly alarmed and completely unqualified to say this but I'll throw it there anyways - I would vote for reducing military spending by 90% and increasing pandemic R&D, hygiene and medicine spending by 10000%. If a nation is nuclear armed, we don't need a massive military perhaps. Isn’t this is literally survivorship-bias? There are a lot of events that can happen in future which has no precedence. But I generally agree with you, it’s hard to speculate. This is horrific. I am gonna use this term "Don't burn your bridges until after you've cross them" to communicate that contagious incubation period is extremely dangerous and the reason why the current Coronavirus epidemic turned into a global pandemic. Thus, testing is by far the most important capability to have - it is a litmust test whether the pathogen is ready to build one of those bridges to cross. I am seeing a distinct lack of emphasis on “You’re contagious even before you realize you have COVID-19”. Instead of just telling people “Stay home”, we need to provide the reason why. I don’t see that in White House briefings. In the press. No where. It seems to be that the spread of the virus is fundamentally linked to this incubatory contagious effects, otherwise this whole Coronavirus pandemic would have been a localized epidemic in Wuhan. Can we press hard on this? Tell everyone you know. The press isn’t doing their job, it feels. iPad OS (and iOS) has 1 major flaw and no one seems to be talking about it: - The animations/effects etc take way too long. It is fatiguing to work on it because every action takes at least 2+ seconds with a dozen animations, each one lasting 100ms-300ms! Try the following task yourself: Copy a piece of text from safari and create a new note in the Notes app, and paste it in there. While you're doing this, time it. Seriously, do it. And then do it 10 times. See how tired you get. We need a completely new operating system with absolutely zero animations. You know what happens when you launch vim from CLI? It starts up. No animations. CLI is a pain to work with at times, but this aspect is so critical to putting a smile on the users face. Everything would instantly become insanely fast. I understand the value of animations - they're there to provide context, where something slides in and slides out from. This is fine for iPhone. But not for a workstation. I also understand that I can disable motion in accessibility settings but it still doesn't disable all of them. Also, that's not the default so that's a moot point. This is such a low hanging fruit to speed up things, but alas, we have UX/UI designers that insist on "sleek" and "sexy" UX/UI without delving into the fundamentals of what makes a product or software pleasant to use. While you're at it, you'd also improve the UX - battery life because you're not churning transparency effects and motion blur through the GPU pipes. Yes, battery life is "UX" IMO. I knew this would come up, thus I already addressed it in my comment above. That's not the default. And it still doesn't feel good - because animations are at the core of the UX/UI of Apple software. IMO the software needs to be designed from ground up with strict understanding of productivity and less marketing/design/aesthetics/animation. "Reduce motion" seems like an after thought hidden deep in the accessibility settings. Then you'd have IBM AS/400 :) Those things are used in airline ticketing, certain large grocery stores, semiconductor fabs and manufacturing MRPs systems for WIP tracking, and logistics industry - when you need speed and no bullshit. It is archaic but works faster than any Javascript app you can build. IMO this is a very underappreciated UI that needs more praise. Intel's, Global Foundries, TSMC factories (fab + assembly) run on IBM AS/400 I believe. I have anecdotal information about large companies switching to contemporary systems with nothing but dissatisfaction from the employees that actually use this system, 8 hours a day for many years. UI: https://i0.wp.com/as400i.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/main... Usually ships within 6-8 weeks. The negativity is warranted if you've ever run Julia or had to maintain it in production. Use it for your own Jupyter notebooks and personal analysis? Great! Need to debug some weird obscure error (which Julia does a poor job of reporting to the user, let alone which line in the stack trace) while having production pressure to get it up and running again? Julia is unquestionably, unarguably and utterly unsuitable. Do not use it in any production workflow, heed my advice as a maintainer of Julia repos and the tech debt that graduate students have created in our company (I am sorry but just stating the facts). You're still unsure? Let's switch sides, you maintain our company's production Julia repositories and I will take your spot to write beautiful code in a couple of hobby projects. I guarantee you, with absolute certainty, you will come down to your knees. You'll lose sleep. You'll hate management for letting this happen. I'd love to do a write up on the issues to guide the Julia team towards focusing on production and robustness, investing most of their efforts in a solid debugger support (Juno - totally incapable tool), and stopping all new features and "optimization" projects before getting these things sorted out. I am just too beaten, too bruised and injured to have the mental capacity to write an article. :( I am sorry if I am too harsh. You're right, I see the problem. I'll do an article and post it with detailed analysis. It will take some time because repos are like Tolstoy's quote - "All good repos are alike, every broken repo is broken in its own way". There are issues ranging from startup time, upstream packages breaking, constantly changing ecosystem (given for a new language), quirky behaviors and certain problems related to HTTP package and LibPQ packages that I couldn't even debug. So, I rewrote them in Python. Until then - I concede, please take it with a grain of salt and use your own judgement. Thank you, I can definitively say that some of the problems arise from poor programming practices than the language itself. But some languages are better at preventing people from writing bad code - see Rust and Go (impeccable packagement, project structure, memory management, RAII, etc) and Python (strict syntax PEP8/black). This is terrifying. When the Federal government stops functioning, the country will be in chaos. I very much admire Gov Cuomo - he is perfectly straight forward in his approach, putting aside partisanship and truly care about his state and the New York City. I encourage everyone to watch his updates to see for yourself. We need more leaders like him. In his presentation, he is telling how to run the Federal goverment and recommendations - which just illustrates the competance of the executive branch of the US Govt. Same thing with Gov Newsom of California. Latest update: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlZeKTlpcqU I also heard that Zoom has a lot of CCP influence in terms of its investment mix, CEO is Chinese (take it with a grain of salt) and generally, there is nervousness around the chinese influence and surveillance. US was delayed with the onset compared to Europe and the rest of the world. This is not some competition that lowest number of cases wins. If anything else, you need to account for cases/capita. Furthermore, India, a country of 1 billion+ citizens has less than 1000 cases. Why? Because they haven't got enough testing capacity. Please stop this ranking nonsense. It is not helping in anyway. If we want to assess how effective each country will fare - look no further than totalitarian and authoritarian states. Also, wait for all of this to be over with and then we can assess who did better and who did worse. Amidst the crisis, I am frankly concerned about comments such as this. Ranking by cases/capita (per 1M) 1. Iceland: 978 2. Switzerland: 864 3. Spain: 612 4. Norway: 417 5. Austria: 396 6. Germany: 297 7. Belgium: 293 8. Iran: 258 9. France: 245 10. Netherlands: 245 11. Denmark: 241 12. Sweden: 191 13. Ireland: 183 14. S Korea: 174 15. Portugal: 157 16. USA: 98 Ignoring smaller countries such as Estonia, Vatican City, etc Source: https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/ Even the aforementioned ranking is useless because the onset is staggered. It is like taking a slice of a timeseries data in the middle of highest rates of changes and saying "Here! Look. We have some definitive answers." I am in no way opposed to spreading the message to folks in deep south states who are largely ignoring this crisis. But using misleading data to alarm them is not the right way to go about this. The press should be doing their job of communicating what exactly is going on in hospitals, pressuring leaders of the states to consider the warnings, and generally taking an objective, scientific approach in informing the public. Then use cases/capita. US has 330 million people and comparing it with #2 spot (Italy with 60 million) is completely insane, not to mention that the worse is yet to come to US. I am all for taking a critical look at American systems and their effectiveness of the response, but the ranking by the case numbers is naive, misleading and unproductive. Agreed that we need to spread the message far and wide. Just slamming down on people that are doing their best to cope with this situation isn't very productive, if not discouraging and harmful. In these times, Solidarity is needed. Just the way we support Italian crisis, we need to do the same to the US and the rest of the countries. Slam governments, take it up on the streets to address issues after this pandemic is over. I edited my comment with some data. The onset is staggered, the entire ranking thing is useless until the pandemic is over. It is simply a tracker, not an objective measure of the efficacy or the effectiveness of the measures each country is taking. It is too soon. Unfortunately not because of obvious reasons, but we are a Biotech AI startup, about 180+ people. I am actually terrified about home remedies regular people provide without deep understanding of human physiology and medicine. Please refrain from providing advice to people if you're not in the position to do so unless you're a medical doctor. It sounds good hearted but this is exactly the kind of things we shouldn't be perpetuating. You can cause inadvertent loss of life in worst case. My parents are forwarding all kinds of shit from social media from fake vaccine news to completely insane home remedies such as going to a sauna when you have fever to "kill the virus". I am not suggesting you're doing this, but just to illustrate extreme case of misinformation. Please don't do any of this. I beg you. If you want to help, volunteer in a hospital. I see, perhaps you can then you can: - Spread information about hygiene, CDC recommendations on how to prevent spread of Coronavirus and reiterate/ephasize the importance of washing hands/cleaning public spaces. - Donate money to medical research, who knows, some of these home remedies may be useful. But not without getting the research done first. You don't see the danger of providing medical advise to others? I've been wrong many times of something that I thought was intuitive to me but ultimately there was a "oh..." moment when I saw experimental results or some concrete evidence. There is also a network effect - you say X to person Y. Person Y tells X to 10 other friends who then tell 1000 other people. The misinformation that started from you could potentially affect a lot of people and then you start having deep thoughts such as - I tested X on myself and it worked. But now 100,000 people are doing it - is it safe? This is why you should stop from providing medical advice to others. I am saying this with respect to you and your earnest intentions from heart. This is nice but still has major confounding effects that could completely change the story: - Amount of testing - Sampling process of testing - i.e. Policies that govern whether someone should be tested or not. Each country has their own policy. - Demographics, especially age - Still shows total cases, should be cases/capita - Some effects of weather/humidity Take it with a grain of salt but I am hearing (through finance podcasts) that a lot of hedge fund managers and investment bankers are working alone from home and without physical proximity with their teams, the panic levels are setting in. I think it makes sense to me - when we are not physically banded together, we have a lost sense of safety and security. Yeah that’s where I heard it. There was a question about remote work. I also think it’s a horrible name, reminds me of “Tootsie” and an equally ugly logo to match. These things are subjective but if enough people hate it, perhaps it’s important to look into it. Definitely. There is also universal agreement in good branding vs bad branding. I’ve been browsing the top branding blog for over 12 years now: https://www.underconsideration.com/brandnew/ Still subjective but let’s compare Jitsi brand with something from https://www.cghnyc.com/ There is certainly a huge difference even though it’s not a quantitative measure. Jitsi brand just sucks so bad. :( I've spent significant time in Japan and everytime I return back to US, I never go "Gee...I wish we had one of them Japanese toilets". It's fine. Not great, but it does the job. Although I think bidets are great, we should get that going in the USA. HFT should be banned and there should be a 15 minute delay before trade execution. I think 3D printing is overrated. If you have a mold shop and an injection molding machine, you can get a mold made in emergency mode within 24 hours (yes, its possible). Optimization can take another 24 hours and some blank shots. If you don't care about aesthetics, you can do it much, much quicker. Then, its 20 seconds per part for next 300,000 parts for dirt cheap. Raw polymers can be sourced rapidly as there is a very strong supply chain around the world. 3D printing said it will change the world in 2011. Then it said it will revolutionize manufacturing in 2015. Its 2020 and it didn't happen. Injection molding is not going anywhere. SLA litho has nicer quality parts but take exceedingly long to print and more importantly - clean/UV bake takes a long time to cure. One area where 3D printing is actually useful is to be able to print parts that would be impossible to manufacture using injection molding - that cost to benefit ratio must be evaluated and questioned - do we really need a part like this? Perhaps its a dental implant, etc. Then it's justified. Within 48 hours or less if there is a national emergency calling to get it done. The main time sink is CAD work to get the part designed, and then designing mold cavity and runners and getting the EDM die made, and running the EDM process to create cavity. The injection molding machine if run by a competent expert team - they already know most pitfalls of things such as rib/wall thickness, shot weight, run time and temperature for a particular type of plastic. You can run test shots and optimize the injection molding parameters in a very short time. Alternatively, its possible to just use Aluminium molds for upto 10k parts. Surveillance accounts are already the case. And, we already conduct "Digital Cash" payments every day - Credit cards, ACH and Wire transfers and many other means where physical paper bundles of cash aren't literally shipped when you send money to another country. I guess, can you exemplify what exactly the government would be able to do with this bill vs. what it can already do? If they send you a check, that's not helping you much. It goes through the bank and there is 100% traceability of the $$$ from the Fed to your bank account which is already very much "Digital". Let me illustrate: FED -> JOE's bank account -> ATM cash withdrawal -> Buys private stuff $$$ cash FED -> JOE cashes the check -> Buys private stuff with $$$ cash The FED still knows that it went to JOE. Whether they use the bank as the intermediary or a check-cashing service as an intermediary, its all traceable. May be my logic is flawed here? To me, it doesn't make any difference. In both cases, what JOE bought with hard $$$ cash is indistinguishable. I think we're making a big deal out of this - I haven't read the bill but I am presuming that its just a modernization of physical mailing of checks to some wire transfer. Injection molding - The TOP thing we need to get mass manufacturing going. I just watched NYTimes front page video of Georgia Tech students trying to 3D print their way - it is unbelievably naive to use 3D printing in a situation that needs thousands and hundreds of thousands of parts. It defies common sense and elevates 3D printing to a new buzzwordy things by the media. Do you have injection molding tools and mold making expertise? It's an opportunity cost. If we allocate resources that can otherwise be put to a better use, why not? Efficiency is king in mass production. By all means, use 3D printing at hospital level to get things made that's needed. A parts of the face shield (such as the head band) can be locally manufacturered using 3d printers. But it is boggling to me that the media keeps wanting to get 3D printing buzzword clicks than actually asking manufacturing engineers. I'd like to add that most media professionals and journalists have no clue about manufacturing engineering and how difficult it is to produce something at mass scale. But they inccessantly write about 3D printing for more buzzword invoked clicks. Impossible to read anything on this website on mobile. How is it possible for any web designer to conceive a website where only 20% of the screen shows text? If you’re not a doctor, you should really stop providing medical advice to others. You’ve been aggressively pushing this whole home remedy thing. Stop saying things with authority, you can suggest things with “This is my personal advice but talk to your doctor”. I’m flagging your comments. Side note: Substack's font kerning is wrong and if this website is designed to be a blog - they really need to look at the font settings. Edit: it appears to be an issue with the font itself. I just turned off the custom font the website is so much more tolerable. Yeah, people don't get this fundamental aspect of governments vs. companies. China is a company who's CEO is Xi Jingpin and it has 1.4 billion employees. US Government (and all other democratic governments) have to show and to convince the rest of the Congress that we need to shut America down. Not saying that US gov did stellar in this pandemic, but its harder than it seems. It is also unfair to compare governments to private companies with 5-10 magnitude of order difference in every aspect from finances to number of people. IMO I've seen praise in literally every news article and very few criticisms and skeptics. I've said this time and again only to get downvotes since there is no proof or substantiation about the CCP surveillance claims. But, it is an important to keep in mind. There are things that I cannot say due to our employment contract and NDA, but to say the least, we are looking into this matter. Surveillance prospects, doesn't matter where they originate - US or China or Country X - need to be discussed and examined. But apparently, saying anything against China on HN is an automatic ban for creating a flame war. We've become too soft. Obviously personal attacks and racism is not tolerable. But, I would personally (some may disagree) say that we should also criticize bad parts of culture too...that's for another day or a different forum. Can we just get past the my country your country bullshit on HN and talk about privacy implications especially from the world's largest surveillance network? It is one thing to be spied upon for advertisement tracking, an entirely another to be spied upon by a brutal authoritarian government. Fearlessly criticizing CCP or the NSA, or Israeli intelligence agency or whatever... should be one of the most important things to talk about on "Hacker" news forum. I am gonna fire off some anon emails to WSJ/NYTimes/WaPo/Guardian to create some awareness and perhaps they can dig further into Chinese influence in using Zoom. I am deeply concerned. The entire world has given up video/audio/screen/application privacy in a snap... for the data might be stored in Tianjin datacenter, needless to say whose keys are in the hands of CCP - I guarantee that but cannot provide proof. Edit: past comments that were downvoted (and flagged): https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22657794 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22684767 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22663295 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22705960 I am glad to hear. My perception is based on entire posts (not just comments) that were flagged due to extreme polarization of views. I can't find the thread but most comments that were anti-China were downvoted/flagged in that thread. I just have a general feeling, but I am glad to see your concerned voiced. Hey OP here, I am not working on some sinister corp. I work at a biotech startup. We are just concerned about IP theft than anything else. I can't edit the comment anymore...I just wrote down whatever, sorry if that was "hinting" to something more sinister. By all means, ignore it. I think it is probably a perception thing or may be not. Here is my opinion. Dang is doing his job and it is tough. He is keeping this place sound and clean. Dang - nothing against you but I see some double standards for e.g. criticizing CCP has far more weight than criticizing western governments. No one gets offended for criticizing the UK Govt or the German Govt or the even the Indian Govt - but when it comes to criticizing the Chinese Govt... we can't do that, it is a flame war. If people get offended, so be it. If someone from China or of Chinese ethnicity is reading this criticism and doesn't like it...well, tough luck. The onus is on the person getting offended, not the offender. This double standard needs to end (or as I see it through my own lens). Infact, we should be criticizing the CCP even more so than democratic governments. The chilling effect is very real. Beware everyone. Where is the press over this? Aeron. Look no further. I can’t upvote your comment enough. Most people questioning why Twitter needs have 2k staff is because of advertising. I’ve advertised on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Google - there is a tremendous amount of work that goes into the “money making” bit of these companies. Remove ad-revenue and all these companies would collapse. They have no other model. China runs like a company who’s CEO is Xi Jingpin and they have 1.4 billion employees. I heard the company culture is pretty horrifying - if you don’t follow orders from the security staff, you can face serious consequences. If you whistleblow, you’re destined to death. Nothing less. I disagree. I think Aeron chair is a masterpiece of ergonomics engineering. They are also not for everyone - some people I know hate it. But, Herman Miller is an amazing company with strong engineering culture - they’ve essentially perfected what an ergonomic chair should comprise of. Perhaps you should try a different size. Aeron comes in A, B and C sizes. This can make or break your opinion. This is not a bad idea. Cap the prices to $2.50/gallon and whatever the difference is should be all taxed. Does anyone find these names a bit weird? What happened to 80's glorious days where company and product names were super cool. - DynaMax - Ultron - Trinitron - Hypersystems - Logicore - Supra - Intertech - UniversalSystems - NationalTech - Automark - Spectra - Pentatype - PolyMatrix - MicroSpace - RotoCore Now we have things such as Flikr, Waymo, Skype, Jitsi and this thing... Jamo or Jami. :-/ Human race is regressing. Why does a product name have to have a "meaning" behind it? Kodachrome was abstract. That's true, otherwise it gets drowned in the noise. I guess, I was just commenting on the general trend of the way we name things today. How about Kodak? I am sure there are many names that are abstract. I wish media would stop tooting how amazing "3D Printing" is. It is just one of the ways of manufacturing. IMO, it is a poor way to do anything besides home hobby projects (there are a few medical exceptions). It takes 12+ hours to print anything useful. Yet media loves talking about 3D printing. For anyone who has worked in product design and manufacturing, it is one thing to be able to make a few prototypes (which is where 3D printing shines), and another challenge to make 5 million of those prototypes per week. It is monumentally difficult to produce anything in high volume. I wish the media would talk about many other amazing manufacturing technologies - injection molding (20 seconds a part!), die cast aluminium, water jet cutting, laser cutting, metal stamping, and machining. These are equally amazing technologies that make the world tick...yet 3D printing gets disproportionately amount of attention. Mold making alone is a topic of insane complexity and engineering challenges. Yep, if a hospital has a couple of 3D printers donated to them, by all means, make something . I am mostly concerned with the coverage from the media. Here are a few articles: https://www.cnn.com/2020/04/07/health/librarian-3d-printing-... https://www.foxnews.com/science/coronavirus-3d-printing-vent... https://www.theadvocate.com/baton_rouge/news/coronavirus/art... https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-3d-pri... https://www.technologyreview.com/2020/03/27/950240/3d-printi... And NYTimes: https://www.google.com/search?q=nytimes+3d+printing+coronavi... It's cool but I am cynical that media loves talking about 3D printing because it generates more viewership; no one wants to read an article "Decades old technology of injection molding is still the best way to make high volume parts during this pandemic". Having worked in manufacturing for over 10 years, most of your claims are either A) Factually false B) Twisting my original points and cherry picking. No one is questioning the unique aspects that 3D printing brings to the table, it is just the wrong type of solution for this situation. > Face shields are useful and can be printed in under 3 hours (for the Prusa design). Some people have knocked the time down to about one hour. For something that costs cents and can be made at home, that's pretty useful. 3 hours is still too long and that's not the central point I am arguing about. It is mostly about media coverage. If you have a 3D printer, by all means use it. > Tell that to SpaceX. I've worked on 3D printers before it was cool. Way back in 2005, I designed and built turbine blade prototypes on Stratasys 3D printers that cost upwards of $250k. Can we get past this narrative of 3D printing usefulness to its narrow application? It is not going to revolutionize manufacturing anytime soon. Tell that to GE, Lockheed Martin, Apple, Intel, Boeing, etc. Every company has invested in 3D printing primarily for prototyping and occasionally for medium-volume production. You're not going to see 3D printed Nike soles on $40 shoe anytime soon. If you look at the amount of manufacturing that takes place on 3D printers vs. other technologies, you would not even see the slice of the pie that is for "3D printing". Additive manufacturing has niche applications. > All these technologies have been around for decades now. Why would they get any attention? Because in the time of war, when the nation is mobilizing to making millions of something, you want the press to talk about things that work? > Take injection molding. It may take 20 seconds, but that's _ after the manufacturing facilities and the mold are setup _ . This is unlike essentially pressing a print button, which is where we want to go. No shit, you need mold that takes time to make and validate. Usually 3-4 weeks, sometimes 8 weeks. But when there is a national emergency, you can turn it around within 48 hours. That's including the entire NRE process, design, validation and tooling. After 48 hours, you would have printed a few dozen parts in your beloved 3D printers. I would be churning out a part every 20 seconds after the initial 48 hours. Even if it is 100+ hours, it is still worth it when the quantity you want to make is 5 million. > 5 million units a week... these are not prototypes. Call them production samples or what have you, but this is an assembly line. Hey! why would you point that out? Isn't that obvious that by definition you cannot make 5 million prototypes? "These prototypes" - I was referring to the aforementioned reference to the prototypes in the previous sentence. Jeez. Just curious, how do you define what a tech company is? In addition, I think the definition of the term "Technology" is quite broad. According to the Oxford dictionary, Technology: The application of scientific knowledge for practical purposes, especially in industry. In the formal terms, tech industry is all industry that relies on scientific knowledge to gain leverage. What large industry today doesn't involve using science in some form or the other? Perhaps the industry of religion. It is hard to find one and there is a gradual curve between least scientifically based industry to the most. I would even say - the general public needs to boycott Zoom and shift to something else that's open. Large scale (never this large in the history of mankind) data collection of facial features across the globe along with other meta data such as name and email address, perhaps a phone number - this is unprecedented amount of data that any government agency would kill to have. Just in a couple of months, the world has given up privacy in a snap. I would say the same thing about Facebook. Look at what we've created: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLo3e1Pak-Y And then the demand goes down after increasing the production capacity in 6 months. You have under utilized production lines and need to fire a bunch of staff. You see the problem? You can get flour from centralmilling.com Wouldn't there be a second peak as soon as we lift social distancing and other measures of containing this virus we have currently in place? These models assume that the same level of societal restrictions continue to be present into the future? We are no where near herd immunity for COVID-19. I don't see how we can keep the cases low and open up the economy. Wall Street says otherwise - market is up this week. Credit card rewards is a bizarre almost impossible to get rid of idea. Those "rewards" are amortized across all customers for a given business by the virtue of a higher transaction fee. There is no such thing as free lunch obviously. It has a positive feedback loop - the more people use credit cards (because of rewards and fraud protection), the more the competition to provide better rewards. This competition drives higher transaction fees to business which in turn pass those onto the customers. At the end, consumers lose no matter how you slice the pie. The only way to get rid of this racket is to pass a law that bans credit card rewards. Watch the chaos that ensues after that. The more positive way to look at this is that a consumer using a CC is paying 2-3% extra for a product to have an isolation between their bank account and the business charging them. The reward thing is a distraction to lure consumers. 2-3% doesn't sound like a bad deal for fraud protection, isolation and some perks. Someone has to take on liability risk and that's what CC companies do. It also polices businesses from defrauding and exploiting the consumer - I would guess that if a business has a very high percentage of charge backs, they'll be investigated and reprimanded, if not blocked by the CC company. > As a matter of course I just ask if there is a cash discount. Frequently there is. If it beats 2% I almost always take it. For a meal, that's fine. For a $2000 computer from a shady seller on the streets of Hong Kong, I would gladly pay $40 as an insurance against fraud. Peace of mind is nice and good CC companies (American Express) got your back. Actually this pandemic has shown some true colors of many nations. 1) US trying to unsuccessfully hoard supplies, issues with the German testing company 2) China trying to use soft power, but the whole drama feels fake. It is good that they are sending supplies (often faulty and not up to the quality, see dutch story around this) but it doesn't feel genuine. 3) European countries are in-fighting for supplies. Switzerland wants supplies from Germany who is unwilling to supply them. Austria and Germany butt heads. 4) India banning critical medical exports There are so many stories of how each nation is behaving. Even within the US, states are bidding against each other and the federal government has not shown solid leadership. When times are grim, humans tend to invoke strong tribal instincts (for e.g. brotherhood that forms between soldiers). If we hypothetically had a more deadly virus than Coronavirus, say with a CFR of 50% and we were unable to stop it, there would be in-fighting between counties and neighborhoods. There are some good stories too, especially the sacrifice of the healthcare workers, delivery staff and politicians. When times are great -> Globalism When times are tough -> Isolation and tribalism There are a ton of sources here: https://www.zerohedge.com/geopolitical/china-floods-europe-d... China is trying the same thing that US did for many decades after WWII - to rally up global support through humanitarian aid: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_foreign_aid The problem is that the whole thing feels fake for 2 reasons (this is my personal opinion): 1) They are an authoritarian state using soft power for a democratic nation (Italy, Netherlands) - there is a real conflict of interest. 2) It is "pull" rather than "push" when it comes to soft power. You cannot muscle your way through it. As a superpower, you need to influence other nations such that those nations "want" to collaborate and be influenced - leading by example, helping them gain foothold after the catastrophy, long term investments in shared interests, etc. You can't buy your way into it. IMO - China has a branding and goodwill problem :-). You're seeing that in HK. People outside of this propaganda sphere have no trust in the CCP. All democratic nations should get together and invest in manufacturing. If democracy falls, the treaty would asymetrically punish those that give up rights and freedom of their people. CCP does not understand that playing asymmetric games from business laws (booting Uber off of China for example), diplomacy and global influence, etc is damaging long term brand and goodwill. In this pandemic, democratic nations are suffering more than authoritarian regimes purely by choice - complete Wuhan style measures are unacceptable say in Sweden. This asymmetry is going to give a short term boost to China. Long term, my opinion is that western democracies will realize what they’re against - all eggs in a single totalitarian basket - is a bad idea. Manufacturing and reliance on China will change. It is already changing: https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2020-04-08/japan... What's the differentiating factor? Cursory look at it - I don't see strong E2E encryption or anything besides a bog standard messaging app. We have many - whatsapp, facebook messenger, imessage, hangouts, telegram, signal, wechat, etc. > Convert audio messages to text, use smart replies, stay online even with bad internet connection That doesn't cut it, IMO. In fact it is repulsing me (offline apps are great) but I don't want to convert audio messages to text unless that happens locally. Fuck smart replies, no thanks. Oh come on, there is no denying that China subsidizes local businesses asymmetrically. I've lived in China and have used Didi. In addition, WHO is heavily influenced by China; here is an interview with a senior WHO official who was asked about Taiwan - he simply hangs up the phone: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlCYFh8U2xM Completely tangent observation: What's the point of using sketch scribbles over the diagrams? They could just make it in powerpoint and simplify. It would be easier to read as well. Decoration for the sake of decoration? Why? I wonder if this is an overly stated aspect of the reason why Humans propelled themselves. I thought the reason why we beat all other animals was because we evolved to have a larger brain size especially the frontal lobe which is used for inventing, mirror neurons (copying), planning and strategy. Hunting isn't necessary to survive. We can live off of bugs, plants and fruits, etc. It is a good story as in if they didn't do what they are doing today - say every healthcare worker quits tomorrow, we are in a huge trouble. They are identical to soldiers. Some healthcare workers are being exposed to Coronavirus and dying. In fact, we should have similar veteran-like benefits for healthcare workers for their sacrifice during this time. Same with delivery workers - they are the logistics arm of this war. That's not guaranteed. There are number of reasons one of them being by sheer chance. I spent my early programming days in high school build John’s GOL in Macromedia Flash. This is how I got into programming. Thank you John for inspiring mankind for many generations to come. I was thinking of compiling a list of made in non-China items. My comment is being downvoted but the reason is not some inherent anti-China motives. I have a hard time finding anything on Amazon that's not made in China. That's a horrible state of affairs and we need to diversify manufacturing. May be there should be carbon footprint score against each item. The sad part is that consumers DO NOT CARE. They are like these mindless brains that see a slightly lower price and they hop on it. Vast majority of the people of the planet do not care whether its made in China or not. They will save $2 for selling their souls. IMO this is a good move. The counter arguments are: - Delivery apps are struggling and they have to charge 30% to survive in a cut-throat market (many delivery services competing). - Why not charge the consumer? Restaurants are struggling and take the fees off of them and charge consumers. I feel like delivery companies are "double dipping", they charge delivery fee and they charge 30% to the restaurants as commission. That's unsustainable. Charge the consumer not the restaurant. It has all kinds of nasty disincentives - "We won't list your restaurant on our super popular delivery app because you didn't agree to pay 30% commission to us." Fuck that. Delivery services should just charge by the mile/time of the delivery it takes. That's kind of like Uber but instead of driving around a human, they're driving around food. + 10.99 sandwich + 1.99 chips + 5.50 delivery charge 5.50 delivery charge is based on the time/distance of the restaurant to the house. If they pool multiple orders, they it should be amortized and split. Personally, I tip because I have to but not because I want to . Tipping is a shitty culture and needs to be abolished like Japan. Just pay the employees enough. There should be laws that protect service workers and guarantee their wage. I am happy to know that $8.00 is the delivery fee upfront because of increased salary for service workers than having to "voluntarily" tip $2.50. That's the job of the delivery company to pay, not for the consumers to pony up atop $5.50 delivery fee. I have a hard time following your comment and logic. Can you expand in plain words what you mean, preferably with an example and concrete details? Specifically: > It's much easier to point out that taking a certain set of actions will lead to a certain set of outcomes This statement is too vague. What specific actions and what specific outcomes? > since those are abstract concepts that require critical thinking and making value judgments What is "making value judgements" mean? Also, when you say "American justice system" - is this specific to the American judicial law and it does not apply to other countries? > regardless of the pricing If Intel sells $5 CPUs, will you change your mind? I don't understand the obsessive praise of AMD. Keep in mind that Jim Keller, an Intel ex-chip architect lead the AMD Zen platform when he was hired in 2013 (after working at Apple on the A4/A5 SOCs). It is the same dude competing against himself. Btw, he is back at Intel since 2018 to help Intel out. Thanks for clarifying. I agree with you. Tangential: Does anyone know how to generate HTML docs such as this? It looks like a page in a book - with a header/footer and page number. And, surprisingly no one in 1991 imaged we would be reading it on a 4k widescreen - and here I am, and it is extremely readable (using SF Mono on macOS). I would love to know what tools can be used to generate almost paper-like HTML docs. Edit: I found the answer, tiny link at the bottom: https://tools.ietf.org/tools/rfcmarkup/ With similar formatting and index? What's up with magically doing implicit things when one line can explicitly define the URL? Remember, the more magic things that happen behind the framework, especially with syntax and overloading of operators, the worst the library will be to maintain as it grows. Explicit > implicit. Most people have a hard time measuring 0.02% baking percentage of 200g flour. Not because they don't know what grams is, but because they don't have the equipment or means to measure it. Everytime I hear someone say things about units, it is not that people don't understand - there are other issues around that. For example, Americans know that metric system is better but they can't just switch solo until the entire nation changes which is a huge task. Furthermore, those people who gawk at Americans still use 360 degrees for a full circle, 24 hour segments in a day and other weird units - for e.g. Switzerland still uses points for fonts! Not mm. I would go ahead and even say - Metric system is based on base 10 which sucks, we should rewind back the history and grow 12 fingers because Duodecimal system is far better than decimal system: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duodecimal We are just stuck with base 10. Just like Americans are stuck with their archaic units. It has nothing to do with the fact that people are smart/dumb. I am gonna push back on that nonsense. Send me an email message, I can ship you some. I've got a kilo of SAF red and gold yeast, I can ship you 50g (or anyone on HN, feel free). Btw, you don't need much yeast - just use less than 0.5 grams, let the dough rise for 8 hours at room temp. You can save that dough and continue making more bread from the culture. Get flour from Centralmilling company: https://centralmilling.com/store/ Order a 50 lb sack and you're good to go. They still have it in stock. That's my point that supports "America is the only country in the world that still doesn't use metric units." - well, they tried. Many times: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metrication_in_the_United_Stat... It is sometimes hard to get rid of 100+ years of history, in the case of typography thats probably longer. We need an open-source color standard. PANTONE has virtually no competition (RAL, etc are a minuscule % of the market share) and they charge exorbitant prices for their color chips. Standard should be open and anyone can make and sell color chips. How is that even possible? Please thoroughly read the HN guidelines: https://news.ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html This is no way to argue on HN. Be respectful to others even if they seem to not understand your point, then clarify further. Rhetorical questions like this are insulting and lead to poor discussions. IMO this is a horrible case design - why make it round so it rolls around on your desk? Can't stand it up right, etc. It is not an object that you continuously hold in your palm, then why not make it a box? Add draft angles to help with the injection molding process. Industrial designers are continually chasing organic forms for no reason at all from car interiors to headphone cases - functionalism takes a back seat, fancy presentations to executives impress and sexy curves appeal to the masses. It is almost as if we've forgotten how to design things from the ground up - functional aspects should define the form. Earbuds are fine though - they need to be ergonomic to sit in the ear. Why MongoDB? I live in the Bay area - I cannot find a single thing appealing about this place except 1 - weather. But that can be had at many cities in California. Things that suck in Bay Area: 1) People. I don't like to hang with AI engineers and arrogant people. Humbleness is hard to come by here. This is usually brought up as a positive, I couldn't disagree more. 2) Homelessness - Some areas feel like it's Somalia 3) Unkept, unmaintained infrastructure - Pretty much pot holes everywhere, roads ruin tyres and rip apart suspension systems, even if a road is recently built, it has major quality issues. Infrastructure in Bay area is below par that of places like China, Korea, Japan, EU, Switzerland, England, and pretty much any developed country and many parts of the US. Texas has the best roads IMO. I've been to all these places and infrastructure (Alameda county) just reeks of awful people running this place, lack of care for quality and attention to detail, and perhaps mismanagement of funds. 3) Housing - self explanatory 4) Bang for the buck - Cost of living does not match the standard of living. People automatically assume that cost living is proportional to the quality of living. Not even close in the bay area. 5) Micro-analysis of Food culture: I cannot go out and hang with people without someone trying to analyze between 4.8 and 4.9 stars on Yelp. You forgot the purpose of us getting together. This probably exists everywhere in major cities, not just the Bay area. 6) Transit - sucks, expensive and unmaintained. Rampant theft on BART, you generally feel unsafe. 7) Traffic - before this pandemic, it was difficult to go anywhere without taking 3 hours off. 8) Crime - I've had my car broken into 4 times (the city) in the course of 8 months. 9) Way too many laws - Regulation in California will cut you by thousand cuts. Wanna grab a lot and build your own house? Good luck with 18,000 pages of law that govern what you can and cannot do with your land. This is the same in Oregon and Washington state. 10) Wanna form an LLC? $800/year. Why!? What costs are involved in providing a registration for a company? It is $50 in some states, free in many other states. 11) Taxes - I am a centrist and IMO california has way too many taxes (count) and way too much (amount) of your income, property, tolls, estate, utilities, etc. I am fine with high taxes if that results in a better quality of life, but I feel like I am robbed off. 12) Extreme sensitivity towards race, gender, minorities, etc. Shops like this should not exist: https://www.shopwomenmade.com/ - Yep, this is in Berkeley. This is a hot topic but IMO ultra liberalism is playing into their own agenda. 13) Intolerence to anything but extreme left in politics. Oh god, you're doing exactly what extreme right is doing - not listening to other views. Why the hell am I here? I am looking to get out of the bay area and never return, even for pleasure. SF Bay Area is one of the worst places to live IMO having lived in half a dozen cities in the US and expat in Asia. Advice to entrepreneurs in the bay area: Find a place in other parts of California, it's a gorgeous state with many cheap cities - perhaps you can help build those small cities into better communities. If Magic Leap can form a 3000 people tech HQ in Ft. Lauderdale in Florida, I am sure you can attract talent in Monterrey, Redding, Bakersfield, etc. To add to that, even if Julia had excellent documentation literally everywhere and on every library, I wish there were better stack trace and meaningful error messages. Even if Julia performed 10x worse, this overlooked aspect of Julia would make up for it. It is rather unbelievable how much time I need to spend to figure out what's wrong with a particular piece of Julia code. Founders of Julia - please focus on error messages. Some cool things from Rust: https://doc.rust-lang.org/edition-guide/rust-2018/the-compil... I actually prefer the vastness of space in the US. Just go out in the American country side and there is so much beauty. I would love to see a world where the idea of a city is obsolete, distributed local communities of 2000 people spread across the span of American wilderness. Basic services such as electricity, sewage and internet are all maintained by standards set by the state authorities, but run by locals. It all sounds too hipster, but it is not. This COVID-19 pandemic has taught us a lot about how we can survive as a distributed species as compared to dense city life. Europe has no such luxury due to the density of people cramped in tight corridors and old (but beautiful) architecture. There it makes sense to have a well organized city life. IMO city life is overrated but that's just my opinion/perspective of society. A friend is someone that I enjoy being around, share ideas and interests, and be a good companion. By definition, my friends cannot be lame, can they? Please write more about this because I feel the exact same. Use built in HTML forms. Let the page refresh, what's wrong with going to `/orders/{order_id}` page to get information about the order? It is REST-ful and static. Why do you want things moving around and reacting? People of the internet - imagine if the internet protocols were given to us, but no browser existed. Would we develop this non-sense we have today? What should have happened is the following: - Develop web-to-native-UI mapper, call that thing a browser. - Don't let developers style native elements. A drop down should not be designed by people except for the owners of the OS. Yes, it looks different on different OS but your application should be more than putting lipstick on a pig. - Accept the fact that your application looks different on different OS'es but embrace the fact that your application works intuitively to the users, you have much less to maintain and focus on the logic of your app. The web went downhill the day ` ` tag was allowed to be styled by CSS. We had a web-to-native-UI mapper! I am forever a believer that democratically designed things generally suck unless there is a BDFL who can make shots. Dictatorship is a necessity of great products and services - Steve Jobs to Guido, democracy is good in politics, not in software development. Feature creep from the public will ruin whatever youre buidling. Designers will ravage through what worked well and replace it with "taste". /Rant, I am getting old. Humans tried to make the web "pop", but instead it exploded with chaos. SPA is a poor approximation of a native client with a hugely bloated browser stuck in some level of the abstraction, bypassing native app libraries, design sensibilities, typography guidelines and accessibility by implementing some UI framework that was developed by people that are entirely unqualified for it. Have you looked it the guidelines for UI development, say for MacOS? Here you go: https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guideline... PWAs, browser apps - they bypass all this work from professionals and give it in the hands of an unequiped developer. Oh god. A browser is a window, an area of the screen that is allowed to do whatever it wants in a sandbox mode. This is a terrible idea. It becomes complete wild-wild-west. I am disappointed by the lack of leadership from the white house. The president should address the nation, bring it together and create a strategy to resolve these issues. Edit: I should say "disappointed" instead of "surprised". Agree with the responses, there is no expectation anymore from the Whitehouse after 3 years of incompetency. One big problem is that the elected after being elected, choose to not follow or dilute those promises. There is no accountability. So time and again, democracy fails as they just change their minds after being elected. There is this "damping" factor like a mechanical system, that takes the energy out of the people's hands and dampens it with lobbying, dishonesty, unaccountability and complete neglect for public interest. The response of the system is now steady state with little change. We need a public roster of each politician and their promises written in notarized documents, that can be used to strip them of relection and penalize them in some way so that future politicians cannot weasel their way out of promises. I would also vote for public presentations with slides + data by each politician instead of these stupid debates and speeches. They should be documented and scrutinized for accuracy of data and their claims. We have startup decks, but yet politicians don't have to make presentations. Instead they trade blows on a debate stage with polished repertoire which has now become an entertainment show, at least at the presidential level. I think you're providing a great perspective into the complexity of the problem. If it was easy and straight forward, I presume it would have been solved a long ago. Penalty is tricky because the analysis of the problem has gray areas and its not strictly black or white. We need an umpire that can enforce and have oversight. I am curious, what would such a system look like? I am thinking that a "promise" is not a quantitative term. It needs to be ratified into specific data oriented actions that can go through a litmus test whether it was fulfilled or betrayed. After that, one idea is to have an accountability score tracked by bureaucracy and have that printed on the ballot along with their principle accomplishments in the supplement. Another idea is to have a penalty score of not meeting prior promises as a dilution factor to the number of votes. If a politician only met 90% of the promises, they will lose 10% of the voting power of the public (like a 0.X multiplier to the votes). Just thinking out loud, there may be major issues with these ideas. Only on HN do you find a theory of politics based on Controls/DSP fundamentals. Nyquist plot of political instability would be nice. I applaud you. I don't agree with what Trump says. Nor do I condone violence... Would you be ok with WeChat censoring "anti-China slogans" coming from HK? Think about it. Deeply. People in China think of HK citizens as against their country and what they stand for. And, just because we fall into one side of the barricade, we think that WeChat censoring stuff is NOT OK. Are we asking Facebook to do the same as WeChat? Here is another hypothetical situation. Imagine if all tech companies were pro-republican and there was no voice for democrats on social media. Just saying to make a point. Now reverse the situation, aren't Republicans in this nation feeling threatened by excessive control of information governed by a handful few? Think deeply and try putting yourself in their shoes. When you fall into the abyss, the abyss falls into you. This is a dangerous situation to be taking sides and also a dangerous situation to stay neutral as our nation falls apart. I think breaking the TOC should be applied universally across the board. But you can't write the TOC that picks sides (I don't think violent statements are acceptable by either side). My fear is that there are people on Twitter asking to ban President Trump's account. Slowly, eroding constitutional rights (I know Twitter is a private platform, but come on, it is really a public place of discourse). Right now its violence, then it's hate, then it's policy and the environment, then it's anything against democrats. We become blind to what's acceptable and what's not. This is a slippery slope. Be careful, tread slowly. I agree with your assessment of the situation. I also agree with getting rid of posts that incite violence. I am just concerned about whether it grows over time into eroding away the ability to speak on the internet. This is just one thing. We don't even have any visibility in the true special sauce - the algorithms that determine what to show to people. Do you see the problem with this or you think that people who are responsible for these algos are good samaritans and they don't need any public oversight? Thanks for sharing your perspective. I guess it is a bit excessive to think about future repercussions, my conscience is only guided by past examples of slow erosion. I hope that silicon valley folks remain vigilant and self-critical. Regarding the algos, I agree, it is an entirely separate problem. I don't know where else to post about it, this thread seems the most relevant. Regarding yesterday's Buffalo police department incident where one officer pushed an elderly person who was then bleeding on the floor. The police department put out a statement [1]: > "Our position is these officers were simply following orders from Deputy Police Commissioner Joseph Gramaglia to clear the square," Evans said. "It doesn't specify clear the square of men, 50 and under or 15 to 40. They were simply doing their job. I don't know how much contact was made. He did slip in my estimation. He fell backwards." IMO - This idea of "I was just following" orders needs to be eradicated. That is a cop out (pardon the pun) and totally puts the responsibility towards no one because the superiors are not even at the scene. Every cop, every officer, every law enforcement persons must not blindly follow orders like they're in the military. They must have some self restraint and put public safety first. I am sorry as this has nothing to do with Police unions, but I felt like speaking up about this excuse of following orders from the superiors is absolutely terrifying. [1] https://buffalonews.com/2020/06/05/57-members-of-buffalo-pol... I second that. As a mechanical engineer, we needed to learn about public works and prior disasters that has happened when there is lack of rigor or otherwise oversight, including Tacoma bridge and Hyatt Regency walkway. I think the problem is also with non-technical people who focus on aesthetics and push technical folks to make the product bloated. Design education would help project managers, and non-tech customers who are requesting that product or feature. This is such a common problem that there is a meme about it "Can you make it pop a little more?". Providing advice to technical folks is just a small part of this problem. I mostly agree with your parent post and your response. I think when technical people who have excellent understanding of user needs usually produce better product/service than designers getting together in a room with post-it notes - this may be an unpopular opinion but I've seen it time and again - "Design Thinking" is largely a buzz word in all places I've worked. Also, just to nitpick - Apple has produced some of the worst products with no understanding of what the user wants - for e.g. Apple Music App. Also, Google, a recent one - Google Meet hides its mute/unmute button and in a completely undiscoverable way. Imagine driving a car where the brake pedal disappears only to appear when you hover your arm in a particular position left of the steering wheel. Now you can apply brakes. That's what they're doing with Google Meet, when I want to unmute to say something, I have to hover my mouse on the bottom of the screen and the unmute button pops up. Why isn't it always visible!? If I were leading that project, I would ask the team to scratch the entire UI and rebuild it and make sure these things don't happen again. I don't know. Just looking at one of the things that they've posted: https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/981606881255976961 > Overlapping images is a great way to add depth to an interface and make it look more “designed”. I don't know if this is sarcasm. No one is asking why do we need to add "depth"? What problem is "depth" of overlapping icons solving? I would stay away from this. This is how you get more "trendy" designs than something timeless when fundamentals are thought through. Over many years, I've come to know that "Design" is a very subjective field. There are efforts to make meaningful measurements, A/B testing, etc but the domain space of possibilities is so large that it is impossible to test all configurations - layout alone has endless possibilities and which layout is better? My guess is as good as the designer's. I need to be able to see either one of the following to consume the advice - 1) Deep logic that describes the fundamental problem, an unchained reasoning leading to the solution with little ambiguity or "gray areas". or 2) Concrete experimental or empirical data that a particular solution works while making sure things like accessibility are accounted for. Otherwise, how do I know that some authority in "Design" is correct and I should follow their advice? I am just speaking my mind, what kind of things prevent me from trusting others despite of their benevolent intentions. Time and again, I've been bitten by bad subjective advice - there is a lot of bullshit out there. Tread carefully, adopt what makes sense to you and ignore others unless evidence shows otherwise. That said, there are a lot of gems out there as well. If the thing I am making is art and is subjective , then why can't I just be original? If a particular activity is totally arbitrary, then all bets are off. Blindly following advice is why we as a society get stuck in a local optimum and don't try other things. Domain exploration and experimention, originality and authenticity are paramount to getting out of the local optima. Every once in a while someone does and they revolutionize the world. Life 20 years ago was kinda nice. Computers were cool. Sunday news is what you need to read to get global coverage. No social media or friends showing off their best and hiding the worse, neighbors and LAN parties, 9/11 happened and the country got together, I don't know... we didn't have insane Javascript frameworks. Things were much better. Ecommerce wasn't that big, so I actually went to the stores to buy stuff. Malls were cool. I am pretty sure I am wrong. Definitely, I feel like my life just has been in this cacoon lacking externalities and realities of struggles many others experience. I express my empathy towards them and protest for a just, fair and accountable system of law enforcement. What’s wrong with paying for a product or a service if it’s better for my students? Isn’t the teacher’s job to find the best available tools for their students and not engage in some kind of open source software usage high score? Edit: People are getting downvoted left and right. Why is this such a polarizing topic? I found your response, regardless of the stance, absolutely rude. It’s important to understand and try to find why that person is thinking this way than to shut them down in the manner you have, again with the same subjective ideology that the parent is commenting on. Yea physical goods was a bad analogy, I’ve redacted it. On HN, as the topic gets more divisive, please be nice and respectful. Think about, the other person is not stupid to feel so passionate or strongly about something. There must beSome reason. Peel the layers until you get to the bottom of it. IMO, that’s so much more interesting to study than to ignore them. Humanity gets better when we try to get out of a local optima. When we do don’t explore radical voices, and instead ignore them, we have no possible way to wiggle out of the uncanny valley. This refactoring if you will, of the human progress guided by logical reasoning, understanding of trade offs, gathering empirical data and studying behavior is paramount to a peaceful and harmonious society. I urge you to please listen to others and ask them why they think that way. What are the pros and cons of a particular approach. Be honest and seek truth. I pay for SublimeText because I genuinely feel like paying for it - think about it - why does someone go out of their way to spend money on something they wouldn’t feel is “better”? I agree that criteria of what’s better is subjective but regardless, I don’t think it’s saying anything my stance on open source software. Good points. One major problem is I can make 10,000 copies of the software in a minute. The hardware developer still gets to feed their children with an income. This pattern needs to die. Whenever I paste a link in any sort of messaging app - iMessages to Slack - it puts a thumbnail and summary, polluting the entire conversation with tons of noise. Messaging apps have no business in looking up the URL. Just let it pass as a link. Fuck everything about this and we need to push back on this nonsense. To me it pollutes the discussion away from the messages and puts a bunch of thumbnails where it could just be a clean text conversation. The thing that bothers me is also that I, as a user, have no choice - it just does it automatically. Do you like IRC? haha, wow. This is some story. Thanks for sharing. My guess is he is going back to Apple. I like it when they’re introducing him and during the introduction he was praised for “Zen Architecture”; you can see Jim in the background shaking his head - sign of humility that he is not alone, amazing engineering team that made that happen under his leadership. This kind of humility is rare. Lol my guess is as good as yours and everyone else’s. I partially agree with your points. I've worked in deeply esoteric fields - layout editors for semiconductors to wind-turbine simulation packages. There is a whole world of software out there besides the tools most software engineers use - things like PostgreSQL and your favorite web framework. A turbine simulation package costs $250k a year in license and it is specifically tailored for our wind turbine nacelle loads, configuration and wind farm layout. If they just give out this software for free but provide support, I am not sure if that would be sustainable. They can provide the source code for inspection ("visible code" not "open source code") if that's what your concern is. Most esoteric software don't care about the visibility of their code. It is just the right to use it freely that they opposite and I feel like rightfully so. I resonate with the way you think. A lot of non-technical people get hung up on the marketing terms than actually thinking through the fundamentals. For e.g. "Handspun ice-cream! OMG!". Uhh..what difference does it make if it is hand-spun or machine-spun? It is not tool of spinning ice-cream, but what the process is. To majority of non-techy people, processed or machined or anything to do with automating a method is highly repulsive - thanks to the hipster marketing. The general take away is - "Automated machines will never replace the touch of the hand"... oh really? then how come we can make insanely precise things called semiconductors in almost a completely automated fashion. Some fabs don't even have operators inside, just technicians or engineers. This is an extreme example just to make a point. The general jab at the Americans. If I look at Europe food culture with a certain lens, I just see shitty doner kebab places in every corner and turkish grocery/meat stores that smell horrible. Obviously, that lens is cracked, tinted with biases. Some points are valid though. Honestly, as an American, we've got some awful vegetables and tasteless food just about everywhere unless fat/sugar is added to them. Probably due to the way mass production and transportation of food goes in to the US. It wasn't like that. There is nothing wrong with our soil. I spent some time in India, Thailand, Vietnam, Japan and Korea and the veggies are almost like they grow in your home garden. Go to a store and pick out a tomato and it is impossibly good. America has farmers markets in every city, even in some of the most impoverished cities. But that's not where the majority of the middle class goes to shop for their vegetables. Try growing veggies in your own garden on American soil and its gonna taste amazing. Don't worry, Asian population wants malls, walmarts, and giant grocery stores with similar tasteless food. It is happening at a massive unprecedented scale. I don't think is a good just for kids, it is good for humans in general. I sit on the commode, bored without a cellphone and find a shampoo bottle, ponder about all the processes that goes into make shampoo. We all need boredom. Shut down computers once in a while, go garden. Or just sit. Definitely, if you want imperfections, artisan value and appreciate craftsmanship, there is nothing wrong with handmade goods. Just don't tell me that your Japanese knife when hand sharpened cannot be as good as something done by a robotic arm. Otherwise, I have some news - Japanese knife's edge sharpness(not durability) is no match for a surgical scalpel which is made by millions in quantities in fully automated fashion for less than $20. Or even a razor blade that costs $0.10. If scalpels were made from bluesteel (RH 62+), which is a horrible idea for a scalpel but just to make a point, then they would totally match a Japanese knife's durability too. I could find countless examples where machines can have proper process control (SPC with control charts), high repeatability and can work well given all PMs are done and they're well maintained - totally out perform humans in many handcrafted jobs. Even things that we traditionally associate with artisan such as Guitars can be manufactured better and for cheaper by machines. "Only a master luthier can tell if the wood is good by knocking on it and feeling the resonance" - absolutely not. We can have ultra precision transducers and a whole bunch of DSP to figure that out and actually quantify that bullshit claim of artisanal value. "But they have no human-like imperfections" - sure, just add random variation in the runtime code and imperfections can be automated. What bothers me about this artisanal movement is not about craftsmanship, but about the marketing of it - just say it's handmade. Not because it is better but we want to preserve old ways of doing things. Don't say machines are not capable because I will show at your door and automate your job away. This is the correct answer. Hashing can happen at many different layers in the app or even as a ephemeral Postgres function call in the database. Storing hashes is not storing secrets. If one has to worry about exposing the lock to public, then there is something wrong with the security of that lock. Use a better lock. And...you didn't explain the most important part of your ramble: > they have to be kept secret or else an attacker gains a significant advantage. Can you please explain? Why is this the case? Sorry to be snarky, but after reading your elaborate response, I was left thirsty. I love looking at old processes only to think "Boy...we've lost the ability to make mechanical things well because almost everything (barring servos, actuators) is now software controlled". In electronics, it is dumbed down to reading a 870 page datasheet about an all-in-one-mother-of-all-peripherals SOC. No more discrete circuitry, no more logic chips, none of that. Note that I am not saying those solutions were better, but there was a lot of hardwork, talent and intense discipline in making stuff back in the day. Drawings were hand drawn! Some guy was bending down for 3 days straight to make that schematic! It's all too viscerally physical and mechanical. I want a time machine to go to the 70's for a bit, and furiously document and interview people. Lot of this knowledge and expertise is lost because we don't need this stuff anymore. Remember things when they had toggle switches and knobs? What happened? We have touch screens that ask us to scan the QR code of the water filter before dispensing water from the Fridge. Oh, but it shows today's weather on the door. So great. On Hackernews, we are such an intense bit of people - we should bring some of the old tech back and simplify our world. If you're in software, build flat, simple and fast apps that are maintainable. Make them composable and modular. If you're in hardware, build high quality stuff for twice the price but then convince the user through honest & truthful marketing that this product is better for you in the long run. Instead, the rush these days is to market products with abhorrent psychological tricks and backstab users with all kinds of dark patterns. Shame on you guys. When you're on your death bed, none of this will matter. Do good things and build great stuff. Atleast I will reflect back that I made the users, you know the ones that provided me with a living wage, happy. Yea, bringing Apple into the picture dilutes what Zoom does. Not to mention things they do that we don’t even know. Why is that US gets muddled up with a truly authoritarian regime like the CCP. Shit is broken in America, but millions of people marched in last couple of weeks. I don’t think there is a possibility of any kind of anti-gov protests in China. Apple is an extremely privacy centric company to the point where it’s become it’s primary selling point. It’s advertising it proudly and backing up with real actionable steps - T2 chip, iMessage, Face ID, localized ML, etc. Point is: it’s important to keep the grand picture in mind and once in a while step back and think - “Shit...what am I doing?” even though you can’t do much about it due to family, responsibilities and other hard realities of life. When building a company, I don’t want to just build something that deceives people, deploy shady tactics and dark patterns. I want to run an honest business that I can reflect back in life and say “yep, it was a struggle but I did the right things.” We laugh at it, but that kind of thinking is sort of great. Same, used them for years for business travel. Painless in every way. Check out was easy, about 2 mins at the gate. Check in was parking the car and walking off from the garage to the Airport terminal. No need to do anything. People say they don’t like the idea of a page refreshing. But, I like it. I like using old school forms without JavaScript. I think we should build apps without JS, just forms and pure HTML. I agree with you. Perhaps plain JS to do basic things. @dang - Suggest altering the title to say what it is "Achieving 3K, 60fps, 130ms Video Conferencing with Rust". This comment belongs on Reddit, not here. We've gained nothing from this comment. It is a joke about robots taking over the world. $7.4M number was put in the comment deliberately to get attention and then proceeding to inquire whether it comes in Dalmatian spots painted over. Will they deliver themselves? Perhaps I should respond with "haha"? What should I say? If this isn't Reddit, may be I need to go there again, perhaps things have improved? I come on HN to get away from jokes, especially of the type in the parent comment. Allow this and then the top comment in every thread on HN is some form a joke. The internet is filled to the brim with entertainment and jokes. It is nice to come here on HN and participate in intellectual, curious and informative discussion. A little humor here and there is fine. I don't think I am reading too much, I've provided the explanation and my thoughts around erosion of quality on HN. > HN may be serious, but we're not entirely humorless. I can agree with that, a little sprinkle of tasteful humor doesn't hurt even thought it doesn't add anything meaningful to the discussion. Totally ok. > or we can learn to read them That's an awful way to think about hard to read code. I could produce the most unreadable one liners you've ever seen in your life. We should condemn that and not blame it on others to "learn how to read". I question that as this place erodes into literally full of entertainment posts. Guidelines are great and I usually abide by them, once in a while there is a reason to break them and I've substantiated those reasons. Consider my take on this as a form of protest against the eroding quality of HN discussions. I challenge it respectfully. I think that guideline and the reasons for it "semi-noob" illusion is condescending IMO. Imagine a new user enters HN ecosystem. They write a complain about HN turning into Reddit - as they felt and observed . Then they go read the guideline that makes a fool out of them as "semi-noob". I don't think that kind of treatment belongs here. I realize that and regret posting it now with all these replies that have nothing to do with BD robots. :-( Thanks for the explanation and I can see why this whole complaining bit gets old and chewed upon over years. I've personally not stumbled upon anyone that complains about HN turning into Reddit. Also, I feel out of place because I don't own this forum, don't have a stake in HN moderation and its workings. I don't think I have the right to complain in the first place. Just felt like saying at the time and it felt right . Appreciate your thoughts and clarification. Fair, I've actually seen both types of situations. I only complain after having some domain knowledge of the project and the language/tools. After sufficient understanding, I will make sure that the code that gets merged into master is highly readable. Simple > complicated. Always. Don't be ashamed to write simple code. One of the things I keep hearing from non-Americans is how dumb Americans are and then proceed to explaining the benefits of the metric system. I see this from random internet forums to Youtube comments, from news paper articles to talking to people in Europe. What people don't realize is that America is like a giant ship that has a ton of inertia to change. It is the world's largest economy with huge diversity of evolved shit that has piled up. It is difficult to clean it despite of the will. The US gov tried to convert America to the metric system unsuccessfully [1]. The US (NIST) in collaboration with international bodies lead the redefinition of SI units based on fundamental constants [2]. Furthermore, semiconductor industry, university labs, medical industry, etc. all use ISO standards and the metric system. The US semiconductor industry alone is larger than the GDP of Switzerland. I studied engineering in America and we used the metric system throughout with some problems in ANSI units for familiarization of the units - ultimately, the engineer needs to adapt to the company's unit system and not try to be a thorn. I personally am tired of the rest of the world patronizingly explaining the advantages of the metric system to Americans - over and over. It is not that difficult of a concept and most technical people, engineers I know in the US already understand the benefits of the metric system. It is mildly annoying at best and condescending at worst. If we are in the unit system mess, there are a lot of things that still do not follow base-10 based units. For example, font type units (points) from Switzerland. Or the way we measure time. How come there aren't 10/100th units of a minute/hour commonly used around the world? A second is split into 1000 milliseconds but a minute is not split into 1000 seconds. Why this inconsistency? Why 360 degrees? If we didn't have 10 fingers, the entire decimal system is worse than base 12 or duodecimal system [3]. The problems faced by America are exactly the same type of problems if we want to convert the entire world to duodecimal system. It is next to impossible despite of clear advantages. Note that I am not defending the people that arrogantly want to stick to status quo - there are certainly people like that in the US. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metrication_in_the_United_Stat... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2019_redefinition_of_the_SI_ba... [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duodecimal Yes, 2 additional symbols are needed. A dozen(base-10) equals to 10(bass-12). IMO there is no question about metric system's usefulness especially because our counting system is in base-10. Metric system is tailored to that, whereas US ANSI system is tailored for base-12, which is the wrong base to work in. This entire thread starting from the GP is full of anecdotal unsubstantiated and glib responses, so I think that since we are not doing the typical HN due diligence of informative substantiated discussions, my theory is that coffee gives me the ability to produce more bullshit that I usually put out and perpetuate falsehood, untruthful information on the internet to stir up the pot, to make intellectual discourse an unbearable activity and my participation leaves the world worse off than it was before. Sips more coffee . It will be possible to virtualize old apps. For example, running OSX tiger in a VM. I am not an expert at this but I want to inquire: - Everytime there is any kind of benchmark between 2 or more languages, there is always a caveat - "Not a fair comparison" or the algorithm isn't right. What, then, is a good way to compare languages? After all, they are not apples-oranges comparison. They are a tool to get things done. It is like I am comparing 2 different brands of hammers. Sure the grip is different, the shape of the head is different, but if we are testing a particular aspect of nailing - say nails/sec, then it is worth investigating which one is better. One hammer takes a lot of expertise to use it and yet another one is easy to use. So, then, write those pros and cons down, it doesn't make the comparison a worthless activity which is the cliche response to benchmarks - developer time matters and not the language. What is a good way to compare 2 languages. Say Python vs. C? Are there standard implementations of algorithms (e.g. Mandelbrot) or something like that we can use and definitively compare the speed? Shouldn't we have standards around these benchmarks? Some kind of a ISO implementation of an algorithm reviewed by experts that can be used for benchmarking? For majority of programmers, the speed doesn't quite matter. But that discussion is off the table and orthogonal. Sure for most things, I personally pick up Python and it is the fastest way to develop for me. But there are many reasons why we should compare languages and these concerns are shouldn't stop us from evaluating objectively. What is the reason for extremely large font size trends, especially ticking up after 2015? Huge typography is obnoxious, from marketing philosophy standpoint - it screams insecurity. From a technical standpoint, it is inappropriate for the screen size. Yet designers today love choosing HUGE typography to be bold and daring. From Dropbox to IBM, from GS to Apple - this whole trendy huge font thing bothers me. I understand that they're using huge font sizes to show off to the world their new typeface. Make no mistake, it will be used in huge sizes as it is the current trend - a cool thing to do as a designer is to employ massive bold typography today. What's that have to do with Font licenses? I am talking about the size of the font taking up almost half of my screen. > It's far cheaper to take something like Helvetica Helvetica costs $$$ if you want to use it for commercial use. No more than any other font. Also, you cannot modify Helvetica, especially if you get it from Monotype (previously Linotype): https://www.myfonts.com/fonts/linotype/helvetica/ How do you control huge crowds if they go violent, go into neighborhoods and start killing/robbing/raping ______ people? Edit: I am raising a hypothetical question which people are responding with the current reality. Yes, I know that it is not happening currently, which is why I am raising the what-if question. I've even left the race or sides off of the question to talk about the objective ways of dealing with a situation like this. I watched Police brutality videos on Github, someone put together a compendium of it. We need a similar compendium of brutal protestors instigating violence and promoting things like this, too? No? I feel like there is a lot of momentum behind BLM movement, I personally support the cause and social changes. But, I am getting an impression of hypocritical aspects of this momentum and not addressing problems when they arise. Saying anything against BLM in the bay area is like a social suicide, I would lose friends. I personally think that BLM is extremely disorganized and doesn't have good leadership to make the change happen. BLM is doesn't know diplomacy and strategy. I don't think this is a theoretical possibility. There is a huge income inequality, the society is splitting 4-ways - top/bottom(social status and income) and left/right (political). As we get more polarized, there is a possibility of people starving and oppressed which will end up going on the left or right or top or bottom and creating havoc. 2020 is an unprecedented year so far. I don't agree that this is a theoretical possibility. Totally agree. > If there is righteousness in the heart, there will be beauty in the character. If there is beauty in the character, there will be harmony in the home. If there is harmony in the home, there will be order in the nations. When there is order in the nations, there will peace in the world. - Confucious Even ripping off requires time/money. Font design isn't a trivial activity that most people deem it to be. I suggest downloading FontForge and try to make your own ripoff. You'll be amazed at the complexity and the skill required to design a typeface. Adjusting kerning pairs alone will take weeks of meticulous work. The entire field of design (not just web-design) has regressed after the golden era of design IMO - 1965-1990. May be they should just stick a static HTML page? No javascript should be necessary for displaying type, am I wrong? Why do we need animations? Why do we need this presentation hoohaa? I went to the protests myself and I support the cause. May be we should question all aspects of a problem, leave aside biases and understand the situation to make a better society? Getting rid of police control measures without proper authority is a good idea, but there should be reservations for when it's needed. I want to make sure those are not eroded or the society turns into something like Somalia. I also found your comment distasteful as it condemns my intent without substantiation. It is like calling someone with "obsession for murderous things". I take offense in that. I've been pretty careful about phrasing it as I know the trolls. But I am afraid that we cannot discuss all sides of the equation even though they are uncomfortable. This is the drowning of the voices, the chilling effect of a massive momentum where certain things will inevitably get tramped. Allowing discussion in a polite, unbiased manner should not be met with opposition, but with objective refutal if you have any. Just saying "When that becomes an issue, we'll address it" is inadequate as that just screams of going too far, removing law and order and turning this place into a total anarchy. Yes, this is the trolling narrative as well - I fully recognize it. I want peace in the world. Law and order and uplifting of the nation, a unification of both left and right into doing what's right for progress. Yes, we are stuck in chaos of echo chambers. Loss of borders in the tables (source code file tree). One of the arguments by Designers is that they make the UI more approachable - they don't realize that they are biased by their personal aesthetic taste, their friends like the same type of flat sleek modern UI designs, and they like going to minimal galleries, subscribe to itsnotthat and read the colossal blog. This is a cultural imposition, not something a professional would do. Yet, we have modern designers injecting their personal taste of modernism into UIs, in this case, Github developers are not the average Joe - they are familiar with complexity, highly dense information screens (code!) and don't need any of this non-sense. Non-designers I've met actually have a better more grounded and functional approach to design, which is what I think design is. Yet the general opinion amongst designers is that the engineers are like Milton from Office Space - they don't understand fashion, current trends and aesthetics. Don't be so judgemental. I could probably find a lot of things in your life which I would find "dorky". There is no universal definition of Dorkiness, it is a condescending term for things that people don't agree with, without any kind of justification. It is a matter of personal taste and opinion. Keep it to yourself please. What am I judging? The fact that it's condescending? Craigslist is the epitome of simplicity. It may not be pretty, but it does what it is supposed to and nothing more. This practice should be applied universally throughout our lives in every field, perhaps except Art where creativity is revered and the avant-garde prevail. Perhaps I am being too sensitive, I am trying to introspect. What's clear to me is that when we call people nerds, dorks, weirdos, geeks, etc. it has an undertone of condescence. May be it triggered me because I was called a nerd in highschool and throughout college, almost always in a derogatory manner. What's wrong with being nerdy and interested in technology and science and math I said to myself and ignored others as much as possible. Thanks, I appreciate your comment. The whole Brave thing reeks of shadiness. The problem your opposition sees is that: It is a gross generalization and on an individual basis there is no way to check or know if that ______ person had equal opportunities or they didn’t. The problem with generalized appropriations but localized relief is that unfairness is vividly unbearable to those who are impacted. Imagine if race ______ gets 20 more points in an exam than the rest because they just happen to be a part of a minority. That would be infuriating to a lot of people who took that exam . It’s no fault of ours - this is a natural reaction of all humans. Now, if you’re not taking that exam, that might sound very benevolent. Life is like an exam in some ways. If everyone can take the exam, that would be great. Some can’t even take it, and that where the focus should be - eliminate poverty, inspire people to work hard, and enable people to go to college. Imagine for a moment - you’re laid off, your family depends solely on you to survive. You’ve interviewed and you think you got the job only to realize that a minority person took it instead only because of the color of their skin. Would you be ok with that(assuming it’s true that there was no meritocracy involved)? This whole thing about improving the world goes into the toilet when your child is crying and you’re looking at your house being foreclosed. If you’re well off, everything is rosy. You need to also consider other viewpoints. I totally disagree, how far do we want to go back? Reparations should be provided as funding the schools, better education for poor and impoverished neighborhoods, not some kind of a $4000 check to people of color. Why not focus on improving communities? I don't want to replace meritocracy with favored treatment one iota, doesn't matter if you were disadvantaged or not. It is the height of hypocrisy as: - What about native indians? - What about asian minorities? - What about people with disabilities? - What about people with low IQ scores? - What about people with low grades in schools? - What about people that got killed by Genghis Khan? - What about people that died in the crusades? At this point, this whole thing lands on a shaky foundation of hypocrisy and favored treatment which is kind of ironic that that's exactly the problem you're trying to solve. Born with a brown skin? You've got things lined up pretty good for you just because you were born brown. Born with a white skin? You've got things lined up pretty much against you just because you were born white (for the record, I am not white). This is reversing what used to happen. I don't think this is the solution, the solution is to go fix the problems in the first place - higher funding to impoverished schools, lifting up the people from poverty and letting these communities flourish. Colored or not. Instead, Democrats focus on reparations in place for meritocracy. I want a society that stops talking about race on both sides - the oppressive and the oppressed. Color of the skin should be taught as a matter of historical context, not some kind of a revenge/reparations. Stop wasting energy on trying to undo history, instead focus on the future. I agree about modals. But seems like the same points can be made about the website's design that trying to teach others about modals, have you considered using plain text or a more readable website to convey your point across without resorting to 1-bit retro decoration? Edit: 1 bit lol That's a bad analogy. The reason why you trust your obese doctor for weight loss advice is not because their body shape, but because of the credentials (Doctor). Replace a doctor with a random stranger (which is what this website is, I don't know the person giving advice about the modals) on the street who is obese and tries to tell you with authoritative voice - "Hey! Listen, you're fat and this is how to lose weight!". That's more accurate. I can agree with you about the entertainment value, I personally don't see it but if someone is entertained by it, good. I think it kills the credibility of the designer trying to tell others, authoritatively mind you, that modals are bad while A) I have no idea who this person is or know their credentials B) Why should I listen to them if they're presenting it without a good understanding of design which is what they're trying to preach others? IMO it totally kills it. Others may not have as strong of an opinion. This is the age old question about separating art from the artist. With authoritative didactics, especially as a stranger on the internet, it is even more important to associate art with the artist so to speak. It comes with responsibility. There is different between that an hearing an audible warning annoying the shit out of you saying “Too low. Gear. Too low. Gear.” Can you explain why you're asking this question? It almost seems like a rherotical retort to the GP who is criticizing UI/UX designers while also introspecting their own misgivings and hypocritical aspects in software engineering. I thought it was well put. Google Meet - the mute/hangup buttons are hidden in the bottom bar in a completely undiscoverable way 1) Why hide them? It is like hiding the steering wheel in the car and popping it out when you need it. 2) Why not make them discoverable? 3) Why can't we give a little bit of real-estate to the most important interaction - to unmute yourself before speaking - a permanent place in the UI by sacrificing sleekness a little bit? This is not just aesthetics, far from it. There is so much horrible UI/UX/Service/Whatever-you-wanna-call-it in the world. It is filled with it. I could write a 10 page article about Twitter's UI/UX. It is full of obvious improvements like this. It doesn't take an expert to notice these and they're not off for a debate - there is no subtlety or subjectiveness here. People like yourself are rare and not that common. Most UI/UX folks are all about following design trends, aesthetic sensibilities and injecting personal taste into products as if it's some kind of a creative extravaganza. Why didn't they think "Oh geez, our idea isn't that revolutionary and anyone, including companies such as lyft or Uber with giant pockets can come in and swoop our lunch?" That should be the first day conversation. I am sure they had that, it would be stupid to not have, but the stupid part is about unsustainable growth whilst ignoring the competitive landscape with delusion. I know retrospectives are always easy to do and criticize, but these types of ultra-fast reckless growth companies do not pause for a second and think about their risks. They're smoking that drug of % growth and VC funds pouring in. I live in SV and this type of thinking is everywhere. Flail without foundation. Why not think about building something that no one can just easily come in and render you completely useless? That means that the business idea wasn't strong enough and it was mostly scaffolding - there was no foundation. IP was thin ice. This is pretty common with these delivery businesses. Build something that no one can easily replicate or compete with you. Build it so good that even if a competitor emerges, they have a lot of catch up to do. Build it slow, methodically and strategically. Unfortunately, growth hacking and bullshit pitches to the investors take precedence in SV from what I've seen. Not all companies are like that, but a lot of these hot bottle rocket companies die because of many aspects that were not thought out. Risk taking is great, reckless risk taking is not. A solid business is like a diesel engine than a hot bottle rocket. It is unstoppable once it picks up. I love companies like Boston Dynamics. Took forever to grow. They spun off from the MIT Leg Laboratory in the 90's, built real IP, not some VC backed presentation with fancy graphics. Zero expenditures on marketing, all in on R&D and engineering until now. They're unstoppable and they haven't even started yet. I know a delivery business is very different from BD, just trying to make a general point about building IP. Any amount of money that Microsoft + Apple + Google all combined can throw billions and billions on this but they won't be able to compete with BD immediately. It takes time and throwing money at it doesn't help at all. That's the best hedge you can have! I recognize it is easy to take shots at failures and I prefaced it with this recognition. It feels like this is repeating pattern for delivery businesses, and it deserves harsh criticism. Anything with Uber for _____. Would you give a pass to Juicero which raised $118M? Doesn't it deserve harsh criticism? Or we want to learn from Juicero's insanely delusional value proposition and may be inspire others to try again? What about Theranos? I don't give Sprig the same footing for a postmortem than say, Gumroad: https://marker.medium.com/reflecting-on-my-failure-to-build-... Not sure if I have data to back this up but my theory around political turmoil and echo chambers is as follows: - Before widespread internet use, say year 2000, all communities were local. News were local + nation wide, people still focused on their physical proximity of 20 miles that affected them the most. Today, none of my friends read local news. Local news outlets are being bankrupted left and right. - Anonymity on the internet. People can say whatever they want without attaching their name, face and self-pride. This creates extremely unproductive conversations without consequences. Platforms such as Twitter propel this behavior to new heights. When it was local, you'd lose friends for being unpleasant, you'd lose credibility in your community for being inflammatory. - Foreign interference - when internet use was not widespread, it was difficult to infiltrate a foreign election campaign and interfere with it. - Data collection and manipulation - Targeted newsfeeds that feed these echo chambers could not possibly reach critical mass before the internet. Echo chambers were physical places to go to - Hells Angels or joining the Evangelical Christian church. No such limits exist now. - Scale - The internet allows unprecedented scale to operate on. Echo chambers reverb into unimaginable self-resonance. Joe Rogan can say something and millions could hear it. +1M subscriber channels on YouTube span thousands. That was practically impossible unless you were on national TV. The internet has lot of positives (free voice, commerce, sharing of ideas, services, etc.) and its drawbacks are now surfacing. I want to go back to 90's when we had healthy debates between republicans and democrats. We were one country. One voice. And people debated about issues and not about other people's clans. We wanted internet to be the left/middle of the Bosch's The Garden of Earthly Delights [1] but ended up creating something thats not too far from the right side of the canvas. Total chaos and loss of decency and respect for each other. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hieronymus_Bosch#/media/File:T... It would be cool have local "intranets", it sounds insane but hang on for a sec - social media can only exist in these small intranets, say max 1000 people. Everyone should be required to put their name and face to their profiles before saying anything. Sounds exactly like China though :( This is the problem and it's a pretty tough one democracies around the world will need to face. Good point. This is good then, we don't have to give up anonymity to be decent and we, the HN community, are a living example of that. What if any social media platform is required, by law, to put up a banner and 20 minute delay before their voices are broadcasted. The banner indicates, just like Cigarette box warnings, "Please be courteous, introspect and assess your comments before posting it. Be be a decent human, talk about issues and not other people, and have a productive objective conversation." and allow people to edit their posts for 20 mins. This would be opposed by the shareholders so it needs to be a law and cannot be left up to the companies to do it as it reduces engagement and consequently ad-revenue. It also would be nice to have @dang x 1,000,000 to do moderation on the internet scale. Honest, decent and positive "internet social workers". It would be a well paid job. I have follow up question: - How much does it cost to run HN? Yes aware of that - and they were being pushed around. BD was not part of anything when it started for over 15 years. > The imprecise talk of “observer” and a “measurement” that plagues the orthodox interpretation is thus avoided because the wave function collapses spontaneously. Why? Measurement is just a photon you shoot at something. Or electron. Wikipedia is saying we cannot define what an observer is and what constitutes “measurement” - sure we do, measurement interacts with the quantum mechanical system because we need to use something - a photon or an electron or some particle to see how it interacts with the system. Same, not too knowledgeable but I thought this was no longer a mystery. Wouldn't checking if photon is polarized or not (using a 2nd filter) count as a measurement? I am not too versed in quantum mechanics, perhaps you can educate? Thank you, that was a fascinating explanation. Plam needs to think about a better logo. What are your thoughts about China banning anything but local apps/services for domestic use but the rest of the world is OK with allowing Chinese apps/services to compete with the domestic apps/services? I think there is some level of asymmetry here, not sure how best to resolve it without giving up the citizen's freedoms as you expressed. This asymmetry is problematic because western democracies are barred to profit from Chinese market (1.3 billion people) and the Chinese companies which are in bed with the CCP would benefit domestically + internationally. That's unfair I think. One compromise would be to promote democracies around the world and incentivize apps/services developed, operated and controlled in democratic environments. I'd guess that double-standards are inevitable and desired when there is an armed conflict between nations. If Indian government sees no harm in US apps whilst banning Chinese apps, this is the definition of diplomatic pressure. Asymmetry is the tool used to apply this pressure. Your point is valid - we have no way to know Facebook algorithms and it is a blackbox, but this isn't supposed to be a symmetric comparison for aforementioned reasons. The parent comment isn't talking about spyware. Imagine if US.app and China.app were both clean, no spyware. If China subsidizes and allows China.app to have access to their domestic market but bans US.app, while US allows China.app to rake in billions of dollars in revenue in the US - this is purely an economic fairness and global trade issue. There is no sane defensive argument against this. Chinese market is 1.3 billion people. It is massive . Not allowing western apps/services to serve this market is unfair in every imaginable way. I would say the US should ban all CCP services/apps, etc until China opens up its borders for any country to service their people. This shouldn't just apply to US. Are you an Italian software company? Do you need to kow-tow to the CCP or plainly banned from serving in China? Swedish company? English? Australian? German? French? This has nothing to do with nationalism or politics which divides us all. It is about preserving global trade to the benefit of all nations and following fair practices and requirements set forth by the WTO. All democracies need to get together and put light on this problem. I think that's happenning: https://www.ipac.global/ There is also no mystery around this - China does not want to expose their citizens to international values, services, culture and information. Thus, this diplomatic/economic pressure hits the nerve center of the CCP machinery. Even if you had no spyware, you cannot compete in China . So, twisting the topic about Spyware left and right does disservice to the the truth of the what's going on. Spyware problem (which I condemn) is irrelevant and orthogonal. I just noticed that the link to the official Indian gov press release was modified to TechCrunch. @dang - why was this changed, do you know? May be the Indian Gov Press release site hit hard by HN? While I agree about symmetric response to China, here is the problem: > By banning more advanced, foreign competitors, India gives its local entrepreneurs a chance to grow hugely successful domestic apps, which can then compete internationally. If India bans international apps from competing within India, wouldn't Indian apps from these new found enterpreneurs expect the same response from other countries? There is a paradox here. Why should any country allow Indian apps if they cannot compete in India? You realize this is the exact same situation as what India is doing with China. Now replace China with India. What hypocrisy! IMO we need to stop giving more permissions to browsers. Everytime I install a new browser (I am intentionally not taking sides about which browser), the first thing I do is disable notification, microphone access, webcam, and location access. All applications that want to interact with system level hardware needs to go through the system vendor. Get proper driver cert, developer account with their physical company address. I have a special distaste for plugins, extensions, PWAs, and even tag. Browsers ditched system UI and favor of CSS driven UI elements which created the soup of unimaginable mess, inconsistency and lack of quality of UI in the browser. And this is just UI, the level of scrutiny given to a browser extention is insanely passive. Extensions get bought and sold like a hot commodity and no one bats an eye. I can't use a system level blocker (such a Little Snitch) to stop an extension from communicating to the internet without blocking the browser itself rendering it useless. I need to resort to a horrifying mess of blocklists and a Raspberry pi hoping to catch one of these domains in its hole. I personally want a browser to display HTML, may be some interaction with the DOM to help out (check all boxes using jQuery for example) and that's all. I don't want anything more. EU creating its own FAANG would be a great thing for consumers - more competition. Americans wouldn’t mind using EU based services. I personally already use one such critical service - Email. When you turn inwards(like China) and then expect widespread adoption and cooperation whilst banning domestic competition, do you really think that’s better for India? India has the capability to compete at the global level without turning inwards. Entrepreneurs in India can and will compete internationally. When you have virtually no international competition, the overall incentive to compete is reduced and the quality with it. Curious, how does that work? Debit cards? The other option is to use a Credit Card but pay off at the end of the month. Why is that so difficult? That’s literally like a Debit card except for the additional “buffer” of safety and security from your bank account. It is hard to read this response being written on the platform (YCombinator forums - HN) that is designed to disrupt established monopologies, duopolies; which is poised to cut through the decades of crud piled up in every imaginable industry, and offer a new perspective; a bold, fundamental rethinking of everything from quantum computers to wind energy, from payment services to logistics; despite of the existing competition, bureaucratic barriers and red tape, government mandates, political turbulence and geopolitical forces, vendor lock-ins and exclusive contracts, entrenched and exploitative practices, despite massive open market on an international scale and allowing anyone from any country to participate and compete. That's true, I am not too familiar with the finance system, how come a debit card needs a middle man such as VISA? They help with the transaction between two banks? Specifically, responding to the comment about local start ups in India: I agree with these notes, - A company that wants to cater to Indian public must understand the local system, rules, culture, laws, taboos, and norms. - Local and domestic entrepreneurs in India have that edge by the virtue of being immersed in the locality. - Foreign companies will always need to adapt and evolve according to the needs of the Indian public. This is the best kind of “head start” or “subsidization” one can have in a free and open market. There is nothing wrong with this. The problem is in preventing international companies from competing in India which, I believe was the case before the 90’s. That was a disastrous foreign policy as the history books tell us. I have a hackintosh (i7-8700k) and it feels about 2x faster than the top spec $4000 macbook pro latest 2019 model (subjective opinion ofcourse). It is such a huge difference, especially when using PyCharm and Adobe apps. It is pricey but if it is something you want to buy for 5 years, it is about $100/month cost. Some people might want to buy it. I honestly think we give Chinese apps too much equal footing. In about 5-8 years, when China has insane surveillance network around the world (they already have), this comment is going to sound the most sensible thing to do - blanket ban any application developed and served by the CCP or similar government. People teeter-totter about righteousness and freedom of choice, but IMO we need to stop feeding the CCP with more power/$$$/influence ... NOW ... Freedom of choice is great when there is fairness and democratic values built in, when the government isn't on some Han-supremacy drug and expansionist motives. Someone will inevitably respond with whataboutism and smear American companies into the mix as if they're expressing their understanding of hypocracy and one-sidedness. It is supposed to be one-sided. The west offered two-way street which China declined to walk on. So, now all bets are off. Equivalency with the western apps/services/goods is no longer a valid counter argument. On fair, just, and rational grounds - I am a progressive. In unfair, unjust and irrational waters - I am a conservative. I don’t understand. If “caste” is something specific to country of India, and if it is not explicitly listed in US law; can the defendant just claim it to be a more generalized version discrimination? It’s like going to a barber shop and they won’t cut your hair because they discriminate based on your accent. It’s discrimination regardless even though it’s not explicitly listed in the law. As far as the US law is concerned, caste system of India is completely arbitrary just like the accent or the color of your clothes or whatever. You can read the US law yourself: https://www.eeoc.gov/statutes/title-vii-civil-rights-act-196... Yea exactly, I read that which led me to comment here - I am further questioning that if it is not explicitly listed like a billion other things, what is the approach a defendant can take? We saw cases like this (although not for employment per se) but for service industry in this landmark case: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masterpiece_Cakeshop_v._Colora... That makes sense. I am curious how would the court respond to discrimination based on, say, tattoos on their forehead? Extreme example to make a point. What a masterpiece of UX/UI. Holyshit. So many amazing details. Notice how the texture of the trim knob is different than other controls. When cost is no barrier, you can have mechanical switches, toggles, flip-off guards, various shapes and sizes of knobs, levers, color coding, hazard markings, etc. - all made from top notch materials and you bet, the haptics were totally engineered for best possible way to reduce ambiguity. Aesthetics take a back seat. Also, props to the narrator. She was to the point and well informed. I hope UI/UX designers (even for web design), industrial designers, architects, ergonomicists, HMI designers be inspired from this with one major take away - stop putting personal taste, aesthetics, decoration, marketing, etc. before functionality and pragmatism. Especially those working in vehicle interior design - people need to realize we drive a deadly 2-ton machine on our roads. Make no mistake, modern regression of UI in cars is because of bean counters - touchscreens are vastly cheaper than physical encoders/switches/toggles, especially automotive grade ones. [1] Can you imagine if you had to flip a toggle switch to turn bluetooth on in your car? I know you're smiling from just the thought of it. People make the case that UI needs to be simple for people to use at the expense of density, but remember - we already look at the world which is very messy and navigate it without a problem. Millions navigate through airports. People knew how to use Yellow Pages (extreme density) and telephone books. Making UI more understandable is orthogonal to information density. Unrelated: It is a shame that SpaceX's dragon crew cockpit design ditched all this in favor of a more sexier (arguable) looking sci-fi aesthetics. IMO it looks like a cheap movie set including the space suits. [1] https://www.mouser.com/ALPS/Electromechanical/Encoders/_/N-3... Pushing back on this a little bit :) - A semi-truck's UI (dashboard) is only a tad bit more complex than a car. The operator training part has to do more with the domain of knowledge (how to back up the trailer, for e.g.) than with the UI. IMO UI can be "complex" and yet understandable if the layout is logical, everything is labelled and the domain is already understood . We all know what Turn on bluetooth means. Whether it is hidden in 4 level deep menu in a touchscreen or immediately accessible with a toggle switch makes no difference IMO. In fact, I would argue that a toggle switch is easier than digging into Menu > Vehicle Settings > Entertainment > Phone > Bluetooth. More importantly, it is discoverable. Please don't dig too much into the bluetooth thing, it is just a example that I want to use to make the more general point. > hide all the more complicated and lesser-used settings out of the way! Why? Just looking at more stuff makes you nervous? Ever been to a library? Ever cooked a meal? Ever walked outside your house? The world is full of complex "UI". This is a total bullshit minimalism case designers make to satiate their own personal taste. I would like to see data that proves that "seeing" more stuff impedes the ability to operate something. Hiding stuff is detrimental, I would argue. The hierarchy of menus is equally as complicated as a dashboard of logically laid out "containers", each box decidated to a specific group of functions. It is exactly the same! Your vision system scans through the top level hierachy (Climate Control, Radio, Vehicle Settings, Navigation), then focusing in on individual controls (akin to sub-menu items). The benefits are massive - immediate control, haptics feedback, muscle memory, etc. Negatives a minor and can be addressed - cost, reliability and durability (wearing off labels for example). The problem is - if you look at ALPS catalog of encoders, they are rapidly going up in prices because automotive manufacturers are ditching them and they don't have enough volume to sustain production and keep costs down. If we had invested in this industry, we would have kept the costs down too. The sad thing is, they are discontinuining a lot of physical controls. > Do you really think that putting your grandmother into a car that resembled that F-15 cockpit would be a safer option? What happens if she forgets where the button is to, say, turn on the A/C compressor? Is she going to read every single label while cruising down the highway at 75 mph? Actually yes. Thank god we have knobs and buttons left for A/C controls. Why didn't hide that in the menus? Apart from a few cars, most cars have physical controls for climate and radio. Grandma's kitchen is probably 10x complicated than car UI. She does just fine. I have about 104 physical switches at my disposal that I use to type this comment. > It's okay for them to do them parked, after fiddling with a bunch of other stuff. Point noted. Commercial airplanes also have that in the form a FMS: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flight_management_system A menu system just like cars except no touchscreens, although I heard that's changing. It is pretty shocking from many points of view: 1) Are these people barred from legitimately selling helicopters? Perhaps some sanctions? 2) Making a helicopter fly with the right engineering and control system is monumentally difficult - doesn't matter if its a knock off, assembled from parts or OEM. 3) Where did they get the skills and how did they acquire them? Did they have the capital to purchase a few originals and take them apart? 4) At this point, why not just sell them legitimately? Regulatory requirements prohibitive? I really want to challenge this notion. Just having a lot of information on the page is, I am arguing, not as big of a problem as we make it out to be. I already gave several counter examples of this. I am arguing that: Making the UI understantable is orthogonal to information density . Of course, it is possible to have a complete unorganized mess of information plopped on the screen with no rhyme or reason behind the layout, but a well designed and logically grouped UI full of information isn't going to make it difficult to use. > It is like saying a touchscreen is thousands of switches just because it has that many sensor points. Huh? This is such a bad counter analogy. Allow me to expand and prove my point. First, let's clarify what type of an input a keyboard switch is? It is Single Pole Single Throw or SPST. It is also momentary (meaning you have to keep the key pressed to close the circuit). 104 keys on a keyboard, each key is a momentary SPST switch representing the ASCII character set (let's simplify). On a touch screen, if it had 104 boxes, each representing a monentary SPST, then it is identical as far as the interaction is concerned. The finger went down, pressed inside a box or a key, and a character appeared on the screen. They are identical (in logical sense). The circuit element is the same, see the symbol for SPST here [1]. You're comparing 104 individual options for character input to a pixel on the touchscreen? Why? I don't follow and what point are you trying to make? The action is taken as a press of a finger in a specific area , not a single pixel. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Switch#Contact_terminology > comparing web pages with cockpits does not make any sense at all. Why not? It is a user interface whether 2D (on a monitor) or 3D (cockpit). It has common purpose - to allow the user to interact with the machine or Human-Machine-Interface/HMI. Why are they fundamentally different? As the light rays hit your retina, process through V1-V4 regions in the occipital lobe, and your limbic system acts on it - to me, a website UI, a door knob, an audio amplifier front panel or a cockpit are all forms of user interfaces that allow the user to interact with the machine. There is no difference besides the context you mentioned. I presume all interactions map to: - enums/ints (dropdowns, DPST, DPDT, rotary selectors, radio buttons) - bools (toggles, SPST, SPDT, checkboxes) - floats (sliders and continuous rollers, including 2d pads and 3d joysticks) Fundamental types in programming languages, I need to think about this a little more - just guessing. Give me any UI and I can probably boil it down to fundamental types in a programming language. Or a circuit element. It is difficult to argue with you with all due respect when all you have to say is based on ad-hominem attacks. Please get down to the bottom of the problem, I am willing to concede if logic or data dictates. I don't know you and you don't know me and my "UI vision". Edit: I can't respond to you anymore, so here it is, quoting your comment which I found as personal jab: > You are taking design decisions made in a wildly different context and assuming they were made that way because it fits your UI vision. How do know my "UI vision"? I've distilled every response with logical reasoning to which you respond with this? I think there needs to be a systematic study around this because as others are pointing out, this is against the "UX 101" which I count as a unsubstantiated argument, but it would be a hypocrisy if I didn't have data to back up the counter argument. I wonder how much would it cost to run a medium scale study around this on Mechanical Turk? $50 to unroot popular choices and get data to prove otherwise? I would not mind spending it. The sad thing is that there is so much momentum around minimalism aesthetics in UX/UI that it is impossible to make a point even with data - people will always find problems in the aforementioned study just to go about their ways. No one is talking about the method of input or classification of input device, the response I provided to the parent comment if you scan back up is about switches . To which I said a keyboard has 104 switches. That's all. One thing that comes to my mind (note: I do not support this view) but I am trying to put myself into the opposite party's shoes: - Listing videos of police brutality during protests without also listing videos of protestors brutally attacking the police perhaps creates a dissonance to the counter party? I think there have been a few incidents were cops were attacked but they are far and few between, but listing those would help clear the accussation of hypocrisy. Furthermore, I personally think that we should separate police brutality videos in normal civic life (before the protests began) to gather evidence of systemic violence vs. the enraged/emotionally outraged protests that both sides were not willing to concede. I categorize them as different. It seems like DDG just doesn't want to do more work to make the browser do the sensible thing and instead piggy back on their existing favicon service, and then going to make the argument that it is safe with us. The domain of browser is totally different from reaching out to the website and rendering favicons server side. Do you not see this as a problem? I think it is acceptable to say "We agree this is a problem, and we are gonna look into fixing this" instead of pushing back on an obvious problem. Why not do it locally? It is one extra request to the favicon link in the header and cache it. Or cache it when the user visits the website. Or explicit button in the settings UI to refresh favicons locally. There are so many options. Good point, that makes sense. I presume it will be completely autonomous for when average Joe will get to ride it just like a plane ride we have today. Agreed if muting the TV along with 4 other things was the only thing we do with the TV! Having a numpad to explicitly punch in the channel number, dedicated prev/next, input selection, volume and a bunch of other buttons doesn't hurt. If you compare 5 buttons vs 50 buttons to find something - what about the counter argument as follows: If you need to do 50 things but only having 5 buttons to do it? Wouldn't it get frustrating? Having to dig into menus over and over and over hundreds of times a day? What about doing this for 5 years everyday? It gets tiring, right? I would take 50 buttons any day over 5 buttons, without a doubt. I think it made me think about an important point - frequency of use. It has to be taken into account. I think I mostly agree with you but then I have a mental block when "hiding stuff that's not needed". How about just leave them there, and the most important buttons and controls in a dedicated area at the top of the remote? Perhaps in a red blaring border box? I think this is a layout problem, no need to hide stuff. Made my day too! Wow. I like how it loads instanly! :-) I remember staring at this thing for about 2 mins watching it load over dial up in a third world country on an laptop dad somehow smuggled into the country from dubai without paying import duties. Yeah. I think you're right. I am thinking of old TVs which I remember using a single remote with all functions in it. Moreover, I was responding to the specific argument about 5 vs 50 buttons to do 5 vs 50 things. > You can't have physical buttons for all this stuff. It just doesn't scale. Definitely. Like in the F-15 video, the controls near the elbows were rarely used (essentially "hiding" them out of sight). So may be a good compromise is pick 50 most used features, create buttons for those and then leave the rest of the 150 features in the menu system. I haven't used a modern TV in over 10 years, I hope the remotes still have decent number of buttons. [1] car appears to do everything right. [2] is worse because it feels like what you see is just the tip of the ice-berg. [3] had to be like that because there was nothing more to be done. It didn't need more controls. Unrelated: A turn signal stalk is a brilliantly designed UI control. If famous designers we know - say Jony Ive - and if they don't know what a car is and you ask them to design a dashboard, not in a million chance that they would come up with a dangling stick behind the steering wheel that translates LEFT/RIGHT signal > DOWN/UP stalk movement > ANTI-CLOCKWISE/CLOCKWISE steering movement. It is totally genius and not obvious at all unless you've seen a steering wheel and a turn signal stalk before. Since we are giving anecdotal points: I quit coffee after drinking 2-3 cups a day to cold turkey. I had minor discomforts, a bit of a light headache but it was extremely easy. Readers of HN: This is not some generic withdrawal that happens to everyone unless we have data that proves with randomized trail. My anecdote completely contrasts with the parent and both opinions need to be taken as a grain of salt. Don’t forget security. Linux laptops are a gaping hole compared to my MacBook Pro. I really despise some of the open source crusaders that look the other way when things don’t fit their narrative. Common tools such as Postgres, Swift, Python, OpenSSH, billion other pieces of open software that are funded by the same companies that this article shits on. There is a place for proprietary software in the society. And there is a place for open source software in the society. Matlab is amazing even though it’s closed source. When I have a fricking Jet Engine hoisted up on a test stand and I discover some bug in the instrumentation Matlab toolbox, I can call them and speak to an engineer directly in about 45 seconds. We are not a 10 people company. We have billions on the line. And, $13k a year in licensing proprietary software with instant support is fine. It gets the job done. Docs are unbelievably comprehensive. I love open source software and truly see value in it. But if something is closed source but has proven track record, I’m fine with it. Good luck trying to convince Bloomberg Terminal to release their source code. Omg that sounds amazing. Instead of being humble, they’re seeing the world as their way or the highway. It’s incredibly naive, arrogant and inconsiderate. It provokes me so much. This is a horrible organization and a message for the open source community. MIT license > GPL which is a draconian piece of work. Linux needs a pragmatic, less asshole, more inclusive and approachable community. GNU guys aren’t helping. Exactly. Does Linux not have a crap piece of software sending data to Amazon servers? Oh right. Ubuntu. 2017 - I remember when Trump had initiated the trade war, it was such a taboo to support it. I am not a fan of trump but the progressives in the Silicon Valley would abandon me in a mob mentality god forbid if I said something I like about Trump. I had pretty unpleasant pushbacks during lunch breaks and then I stopped discussing things all together. Living here in the valley, I wonder what’s the difference between aggressively progressive places and aggressively conservative places like a small town in Arkansas? To me, they are both intolerant of opposing views, don't think for themselves and subscribe to extremely strong stances. Being a centrist, I feel like I am exiled in this country by all sides. The stronger one's view, the more burden is on them to prove their view with data, successive chain of logic and reasoning. I am constantly wary of my own views because either circumstances change, my understanding improves or new data is available. This is the HN way. Who's talking about human rights? I was talking about economics of trade, which is what this article is about. > Trump's trade war was an attempt to pressure China to reduce the trade deficit and help him in the 2020 election. Yes, I support this view, although I don't support his re-election. > If anything, Trump admires dictators who violate the human rights of their citizens. Agreed, this was absolutely reprehensible and don't forget Russia. I honestly have no energy to debate anymore. And this is not something I want to get into right now, the point was about being tolerant to other's views and try to understand why they think that way. How can you just tell it’s making money? Can you elaborate please? It’s interesting to see how Europeans are so nationalistic. The Swiss are very proud. They have excellent branding so to speak and you’ll know when something is Swiss made because the marketing around it would be overwhelming. I dated an Italian and there was intense sense of patriotism in everything they did. On the other hand, Swedes and Germans aren’t as much. Nationalism in some ways bothers me because it creates a lens through which you see the world in a form of distortion. Btw, I am an American. We now have 500 black militia marching with weapons in Georgia: https://amp.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/hlciwl/a_bl... And people are supporting this. We should condemn all forms of violence from both sides - white supremists and the people who counter them with more violence. It’s unbelievable how we allow this on our social media platforms and yet we have a policy for inciting violence. There is a race war going on and it’s terrifying. Forget social justice, we are gonna have massacres. Why only US? EU/Switzerland/UK/Australia/India/Japan/Korea should as well. US should equip Taiwan with nuclear weapons for deterrance. Should there be invasion en-masse, deep in the mountains of Taiwan there would be nuclear weapons ready to strike. Nuclear weapons are great to keep peace in the region. Yep, no one ever reads them and the cost to benefit ratio is extremely low. Writing good comments is far more important. Don't explain what the code does - that's what the code is for, explain the why and the background information in the code. Additional, explain what the code does at the function level or at the module level - at a much higher abstraction level basically than the line of the code. No one ever looks at the commit messages when trying to figure out what the code does as it convolves history and state of the repository, having to contextually wrap your head around when and how this commit was added. Inline documentation? Perfect. Commit messages are supposed to be short. "Fixed stuff" is totally wrong. I usually write "Added ability to do foo with bar when baz is true." Commit messages aren't mutually exclusive to the inline documentation. I am making the case that inline documentation is far more important than commit messages. Why telemetry at all? I don't expect a programming language to have telemetry as an default feature. I want to hammer this rule into everyone regardless of the domain you're working in when it comes to privacy: - Explicitly ask the user. Respect their privacy. Explain why you would like to collect data, may be show past examples of what you've done with the data and don't deploy dark patterns or default behavior. It is not that hard. No backlash. No problem at all if you ask the user. Sure, that would lead to less than optimal telemetry for the collecting party but there should not be any way around this. Want more data? Incentivize users, may be give them free subscription for helping out with the beta testing. Give them a discount. Treat data just like a commodity that costs money to obtain responsibly. Right now, everyone is a data-cartel trying to hoard as much as possible. Why is this so hard to understand? This is opposite of "level-headed". I usually allow PyCharm to collect telemetry, I allow Apple to use Siri requests for improving it. It is because they do this as respectfully as possible without deceiving the user. This is wrong, misguided and naive. International trade when done with effective reciprocity and managing the trade deficit, can lead to competition on a larger scale, better outcome for consumers and specialization in particular aspect of manufacturing or services. Even domestically, specialization is how human species became to me. If humans continued to be inwards looking and never engaged in barter-trade or any kind of bilateral exchange either with monetary instrument or goods/services; we would still be caves. National to international trade is just one more step in the expansion of trade that we all benefit from. We have proof that it works when all parties are rational and cooperative. If we found aliens on another planet, it would only make sense to trade with them (just increasing the abstraction layer from national to international to interplanetary). No problem if they do it on the server side. Don't pollute the user space with telemetry without asking. If I download julia binaries from their website, they can collect IP information if the local laws allow it. Once it is in my possession, it is reprehensible to do anything without asking me first. Agree with all you've said. Commit messages do serve a slightly different purpose of historical context. Easy to prove the point: Stop importing semiconductors and see how India or Argentina would fare. It is clear. There is a UUID generated on the user-side to identify them. It’s one thing to collect statistics of downloads on the server side and another thing to profile me. It’s pretty clear to me. First step would be for all democracies in the world to recognize Taiwan as an independent country assertively and unilaterlly without CCP influence. That alone is difficult due to manufacturing dependence on China. You know the answer. Mutual trade makes sense when trade deficit is managed, there is cooperation and symmetry. We don't need to go to aliens for that, right now we have China that's creating asymmetry in the trade and it doesn't play by the fair rules. For example, US allowing TikTok and WeChat but China banning Facebook/IG and Google. And don't forget hamburger menus, even for desktop sizes. A very large percentage of US deaths are also from the same type of residents - care homes, elderly communities and such. I read that it was as much as 40%. I need to find source. Why not everyone assimilate? It is no longer "United States" when we split states off for special treatment for minorities. These minorities will further regress and never get out of the poor living conditions. Reservations are one of the most impoverished regions in the US. We should then probably go back to Genghis Khan times and challenge the whole Eurasia, Persian inlands and a bunch of other areas around the world. To me, it seems like looking back and expecting special treatment many centuries ago is a minority trump card and instead we should be focusing on giving better opportunities, improving communities and looking forward . latency is still UI. It is the way it operates, you're confounding two things: 1) How does something operate 2) How does something visually look in 2D space They're both the same when we talk about UI including a bunch of other things - smell (stores?), haptics (button response), sound (beep when you autofocus on the camera), texture and a whole bunch more. There is no need for this bullshit term - UX. It is designer woo woo. "Experiential value" - oh you mean, the way user interfaces with the world? It is still an interface. User Interface . An interface to the user. What more do you need to define? Can you name a nation that does not care about their own interests? US or not, replace it with France or Brazil or India. It’s not just US, - Japan, EU, SK, APEC, India, Australia, NZ, everyone is piling up on the CCP’s regime that it has built up by abusing its own citizens, iron grip over the society, surveillance and extreme form of asymmetry in trade. Look up: http://www.ipac.global So bashing on US is convenient and easy but you’re turning away from the actual geo political climate against China, clouding your own judgement perhaps with prejudice but I won’t go that far. This doesn’t make sense. > On the mainland if you are a leading expert in this field or that, or belong to specific establishments (such as public security or state security) you cannot exit the country without permission from higher up the food chain. That alone will be enough to deter people from moving to China for even 10x salary. Getting locked into an insane Han-supremacy regime is walking into the dragon’s mouth with a torch. Intellectuals get attracted to more than just money. Especially industry experts. What you missed is the massive global interconnected supply chain that goes into building the fab (not the building, but the process equipment and software). China’s isolationism will cause massive pains to do it all in house. If they can, we are all fucked. Not sure why you’re being downvoted. What you said is factually correct. Like 3000+ anti Trump stories on NYTimes. Try that in China? I personally know people in a large semiconductor company in China that moved to Vietnam having been born there with a family and 2 kids. Which is kind of insane to think about. I don’t know them too well otherwise I’d ask them of their reasons for moving permanently out of China. Just that I have a sample size of 1, so take it with a grain of salt. Actually, you're right. American executives sold off their souls to cheaper prices, moved factories out of US and exploited cheap labor. It is still going on at a monumental scale - Apple for example. So, it is capitalism at its worst. The government failed to keep American interests and now they're back peddling. Furthermore, literally every developed country is at the helm of Chinese goods. Every nation in the world. There is a giant Huawei office as soon as you get out of the Zurich airport housing probably 5000 people. The Japanese sold off their local businesses and shut down factories, moved them to China for cheaper labor. What IPAC is doing is to bring right government officials together to back peddle and put brakes on it because capitalism will bankrupt their host nations and enrich China. Possibly, but just as Bloomberg cannot prove legitimacy of their story, your claim is equal in that regard. So, best to not speculate and conspire. Fuck this guy. These people are the cancer of Silicon Valley that generally has integrity and decency in pursuing startup endeavors; with some rotten apples here and there like this guy and Elizabeth Holmes. Big loss at one of the most pressing time in American history. Here he is advocating non-violence and peaceful protests and wishing well to the people of Hong Kong: https://twitter.com/RepTomSuozzi/status/1187375246204162053 Aside: Haven't seen "Made in USA" in a long time, refreshing to see that Density hardware will be manufactured in Syracuse, NY: https://www.density.io/hardware/ > Stop thinking only in 2D! This is a hard no for me. 3D wizbang stuff sounds amazing on paper (heh) but in practice, it is massively distracting. People tried to build 3D desktops and a whole bunch of bullshit 3D wankery with GNOME and KDE and none of it was as revolutionary as it claimed to be. The time it takes to build 3D content arragement app for Muse can just be spent in improving 2D problems you're referring to. I also dislike your tone about - "You can never achieve this" or "was done decades ago, why haven't you done it yet?" Try doing it yourself then, and show some compassion. Provide constructive feedback and not lofty statements that criticize unconstructively. This is one of the things that really bothers me about feedback. Please don't do this. Same thing happens here btw on HN. Since I just said something against HN, I guarantee this comment will get downvoted into oblivion. I am very well aware of it and as I was writing it I was concious about the HN FAQ and rules of engagement. I am deliberately making an exception. Apparently, it didn't get downvoted but I've seen similar comments getting downvoted everytime I saw it without this disclaimer. Would it make sense to short TSLA? One thing going for Tesla is their supercharger network and huge bets on fleet data collection to improve their AI/SD capabilities. Also, Tesla is vertically integrated in terms of battery + car + SDS + SDS hardware (in house silicon). Does that warrant such an insane stock price even accounting for future revenue forecasts and margins? So then, what is a signal to go short on TSLA? It seems like no matter how irrational TSLA gets, there is always someone like yourself with a cliche defense with the exact same logic, no offense meant to you. By your logic, does that mean that a company can do anything crazy and insane - and it makes no sense to buy puts against TSLA... ever ? > It has the worst WIFI radio in a laptop that i have used This is an extremely disputable claim. Wifi chipset used by Apple is by far the best in class in my experience. I have 4 laptops - ASUS, Thinkpad, HP laptop from work and MBP 16". All of them get a visit to the special room once a week at least. If we use my commode as a benchmark of wifi radio performance, when I am sitting on it and watching Monty Python, I can get every single joke with MacBookPro 16 streaming smoothly at 320p resolution. Not so much with other products of similar class. Perhaps you’re getting downvoted for not providing sources. Can you add citations? I share a different view on this. I want Apple to have as much control over as they can to keep my device safe. Obviously, this is an unpopular opinion on HN - part of me wants it super hackable and open source (my hacker self), but my average joe self wants is as tied down, closed doors as possible to avoid sniffing off my personal data, usage patterns, cookies, and a whole bunch of "soft metrics" about my device to finger print me and then auction it off in a giant data auctioning event - an evil corporation buys my data in 3 milliseconds and off it goes. Apple acts on my behalf as a security officer - they have no interest in selling me ads - they already got their revenue hunger satiated from the high price of my device and all the internal Apple services I pay for (Apple music, TV, icloud, etc). I love Apple and I love that they are willing to stand up for riffraff that's trying to invade my personal space (consider iPhone literally as the entire life's worth of information vault) by masquerading as a crusader of light and openness. I don't want Apple to open up their devices. Average Joes around the world outside of HN crowd will have everything to lose and nothing to gain. I also think that 30% share is too low. Apple should be charging way more for exclusive access to their App store. It's their turf. Why is this good? Because dev will go back to using browser apps to provide services and the browser itself is a nice sandbox to keep the riffraff out. And only high quality apps will make it through the App store. Definitely - it is better than keeping tabs on thousands of small predators (apps) that want to milk your data at every instant possible. Apple's entire business model for decades is about selling hardware and services, not advertisement. And they're doubling down on it. The alternatives are "open source" masquerators like Ubuntu who had a boatload of Amazon spyware in it. This is an age old argument about Apple. Last couple of months for Apple has been rough in terms of PR, but I can point you to many many threads about how Apple cares about their users and despite of the "dictator" status, they're a safe bet relative to what other options we have available. It is fashionable during this time to hate on Apple. See @dang's warning at the top of the thread - I've kind of lost hope in HN since it has become too emotional and less objective day by day. Please don't compare a tractor/car with the phone. Phone is a unique all-in-one system that has personal biometrics, facial recognition data, accelerometer data of my walking gait, what my sleep patterns are, emotional state, browsing habits, GPS location, home/work trips, messaging data, how often I call my doctor, network access, bluetooth access - I could go on for a few more paragraphs. Does a tractor even come close to that level of personal information? I agree with you and the right to repair movement. It bothers me that comes like John Deere are milking innocent farmers with equipment lockdown. It's the same with industrial robot manufacturers like Fanuc and Kuka. I once had to call Fanuc to add 128 additional registers on the controller for $10k! This is pretty rampant in B2B world and now penetrating the customer space - think about all the subscription services today! You don't own anything. Phone is a different beast all together. When it comes to developers, I value my device more than the developer ecosystem. For me, the phone is where I store personal data: - Contacts - Photos - Notes - Messages / SMS - Health and Fitness Everything else is secondary to me. So, I could give less of a damn about developers and their ecosystem than the security of the device. If I want to access external service, I use Safari or download an App. I absolutely do not want Apps to have more control of my device. I am thankful that Apple is the gatekeeper. I hope people see this - no one outside of HN gives a shit about Developers and I agree with them . That's an internal matter for Apple. They're not selling user's data on an auction on a global stage. > They remove apps that compete with their own apps even if those apps existed before hand. They disallow cloud gaming because it they can't collect fees from it or control it. They've already done a long list of "abuses" that have nothing to do with your device security (or battery life, etc). I can concede if there is a clearcut evidence and a source you can provide that proves it with absolute certainty. I don't think its that clear. Also, the motivation doesn't make any sense. Why would Apple want to trade PR/brand damage for what constitutes pennies so to say for a small app? Do you think that internally Apple's executives were like "Let's copy this app, ban the developer, sustain the PR damage because it is worth making that juicy $80K from sales. Surely, our shareholders would like that!" Lot of anger with Apple is unsubstantiated and completely emotional. There are a whole clan of people that love/hate Apple since the dawn of the company. I just don't see why Apple would this. Usually, they buy the whole company (e.g. Shazam). Protecting yourself is fine for you and me. Not the rest of 99.999%. I have mixed opinions about Naval. On one side of the spectrum, he has such a great intellect to say very sensible things and on the other end he is one of the most arrogant people I’ve ever heard. I just wish he was humble and down to earth. Many people would be able to relate to him. You're right - he has a great trove of knowledge, small tidbits of wisdom, some interesting and very abstract perspective of life, etc. He then combobulates it with how to get rich and other topics which are entirely different. For example, he thinks that we should always be working for ourselves and building leverage. But ignores that most people actually don't want to run their own company and hire people. They're pretty content with their jobs and theyve got other priorities besides making money. He probably looks down on people like Chris McCandless (Into the Wild) who has a completely immaterialistic view of the world. Great philosophers push their ideas without pulling down other's. Also humbleness comes from the ground up state of mind that our thoughts, no matter how convinced we're to ourselves, is not universally applicable and we should respect others who may not share the road to englightenment. Furthermore, he looks down on things like: - Audiobooks and speed reading. They're useless he claims because only the intellectuals actually read them and only then they can comprehend what's being said. I am not sure if I follow your logic about quality of products and what that has to do with inflation. Just curious - Apple's 30% App fees have been around for over 12 years. Why in last couple of months there is a huge uptick in bashing Apple for this? Literally, every day there is a story about this on HN. Flagged this article, I also watched EEVBlog’s take on it and it sounds like complete bullshit. Let’s not pollute the front page with this nonsense. Please flag this article. Surprised no one has mentioned yield. With larger chip size, getting good yield becomes a challenge, especially with smaller nodes. 28nm is an extremely mature node with 8+ years of prod volume (in excess of 3k wafer starts a week in multiple fabs). Aside: I wish FS2020 had more indepth tutorials, more focus towards learning how to fly properly and a ground school with missions. The built-in tutorial is so lacking, it doesn't even teach you how to use a VOR for navigation. I think they've done simulation/realism of the physics right and the way the airplane feels is very real - just the education part should be more of a focus than the pure entertainment bits. It is amazing how much we regress as software gets bloated with feature creep. Modern web apps are so much more inferior in certain areas when speed, immediacy and efficiency is required. They do have their upsides but more often than not, it is just a mess. I recently logged into my medical insurance website and the fucking thing ajaxing all day and I have no idea what part of the page is waiting to load. I don't have a speedy internet connection. I actually prefer the page to refresh than some small segment of it reload without any indication. Sometimes spinners are fixed in place to indicate "loading" but it is just a frustrating thing to look at. I've used IBM AS400 and a bunch of factory management software - it is an absolute pleasure to use. Yet, most operators on the factory floor complain "We are just stuck with this old archaic system". Every single day. I feel like one of these days some asshole consultant company is going to convince our upper management for a web-based MRP. Large percentage of people do not appreciate old pieces of software. They look at the aesthetics of it and write it off. I really think an average joe off the streets can be completely bedazzled by a modern React app with animations and frivolous bells and whistles that takes 5 seconds to load. Joe does not know the difference between aesthetics and functionlism. Jill on the other hand is a linux aficionado and goes out of her way to make things hard. Spends ages perfecting her vim config file, and looks down on anyone that doesn't use Arch Linux and some form of a window manager. Perhaps there is a sweet spot between Joe and Jill's philosophy towards useful, easy to learn and efficient software that doesn't require an obsessive linux nerd to use. Like WordPerfect 6.2. The world is really a sad place. :-( You're right about AS/400 - it is a giant pain for developers in our company. But for the user , it is amazing. I agree with the rest of the take but you seem to be coming from a developer's standpoint and I am talking about the user side. Developers back then also had access to terminal and knew how to use it. It's just that the entire software industry has grown. When I was 10 years old, we had to write a turtle program in DOS. Tell me which 10 year olds today know CLI? They're all plastered to their iPads. This was especially true for games. Remember when games had to be absolutely 100% complete? Any bugs would then be known as easter eggs. Do you think artificially constraining compute resources would bring great software into being? For example, Pico-8 gaming engine: https://www.lexaloffle.com/pico-8.php and TIC-80 computer: https://tic80.com/ These are way too limited, but I could imagine something a little more powerful - 1024x768 pixel buffer, 64 MB ram and 100 MB space. All apps natively running on this (or even emulation) would instantly load and the latency would be unreal. I have an unsettling feeling that this will accelerate the cohesion in fringe groups such as QAnon, Boogaloo, Antifa, etc. Your argument is valid, however, when it comes to social media - I really believe that the world would be a better place without social media. Compared to the downsides of Facebook, the upsides are very little. People used to connect to their loved ones through email and other means before Facebook. It has definitely brought some upsides, but the given what it did in 2016 election (cambridge analytica), how it has sucked in a whole generation of people into constant attention seeking behavior, and ofcourse the emergence of fringe groups which had no real voice before social media. Before facebook, these groups did not have a widespread influence - they would have to recruit people in person. Your argument is totally valid - we can make knives for cooking and they can be used for killing people as well. I just feel like its more like a poison laden dagger that's masquerading as a cooking knife when it comes to social media. I got into the whole thing and now my records are shelved in the attic and tone arm has been dead for over 5 years. Records are a real pain in the ass. I understand its a hobby, good for you. https://i.pinimg.com/originals/b2/7d/cb/b27dcb7a032184951f28... I much prefer CDs than records. At least you can skip the songs with a remote control, sound quality is far superior than records and the entire thing is compact and lasts forever. Relatively speaking. You're right. That's why I said, "Relatively speaking". I always found these artificial constraints weird. So the problem is not with the media but with the brain. Then fix the brain problem through self control. Why justify the presence of an inferior medium because of the problem with personal discipline! I know it works on a lot of people but that doesn’t make it more rational. It’s like keyboards without printed keys for those aficionados who prefer to learn to type without looking down. Just don’t look down, problem solved. For subconscious and things your parasympathetic nervous system does without engaging the brain - We need assistance. For example, when learning how to ride a bicycle, training wheels help until balancing yourself is “learned”. But things like “I don’t buy junk food because if I do, I’ll eat it right away and gain weight”. This... this is a problem with self control. My point was that justifying records because it forces me to listen to the whole album without skipping is an artificially constructed self imposed problem. > I bet a surprisingly large proportion of records are being sold to people who don't have record players. I wouldn't bet that, but I agree with your idea - I like supporting bands somehow and usually buy tshirts and merchandise. They never do a show in our city or I would buy tickets. People have downvoted you because you speak truth and provide facts. HN, we can do better. There is definitely mental frustration in the brain when I can't skip shitty tracks that I don't resonate with and having to forcefully listen to it. That makes my brain way more agitated than relaxing with the ability to skip tracks. When everything works, I am relaxed. When I am artificially constrained, I am not relaxed. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_websites_blocked_in_ma... Also, as others might point out that "Way into China is to abide by their rules and regulations" - which is not true when the restrictions imposed are to gut out the business and establish a CCP-controlled branch that serves only Chinese people. For example, Wikpedia is blocked, how is Wikipedia supposed to even enter the "market" (I know its a non-profit org). The truth is that China doesn't want western information, knowledge and values. This stance hides behind "rules and regulations". > This reduces their profitablity as consumers have less confidence the product isn't working against them. Most consumers do not give a damn about privacy. It is a growing sentiment, true, but it is not the majority of the user base. I do not want these apps and average Joe doesn't want them either. Why is it so difficult for people to imagine how insanely powerful and datapacked your phone is? Allowing sideloading to average people means they will get hacked and ransomwared left and right. Your entire life is on the iPhone. While I agree with you about sideloading apps for enthusiasts and hackers , but the world is far different than you and me. I really don't understand why these arguments are presented on HN time and again. Jailbreaking your iPhone is a terrible idea. Horrifying even. I am glad Apple is gate keeping. Privacy > Hackability. You can't have both. The world is full of vultures that will shred your privacy in no time. Just look at what the ad-tech is doing within these sandboxes (browsers). Microsoft got into ad-tech game because they realized "Holyshit, we are actually in a unique position...develop operating system and sell data for millions of users?". Apple is probably the only company looking after users and yet we've got completely deluded developers on HN complaining about sideloading apps. Sigh. For amateurs, let them develop stuff on browsers. I don't want these amateurs widely distributing apps to billions of users with system level access with a quick approval popups for billions of idiots that don't care about their privacy and would give access to anything that asks for it. That's a terrifying idea. Horrifying. I absolutely detest this idea of third party app stores. Please tell me why this is a good idea when literally your entire life and its contents are contained in this palm sized device. Do you really want sideloading of apps that asks average joes for ransomware? We already have another sandbox - browsers. And you're seeing problems with extensions, popups, .dmg downloads and .exe virus scans, etc. So much so that browsers are constantly fighting against attacks for 20 years. I completely disagree. I want Apple to have complete control over my device because the alternatives are absolutely horrifying - ransomeware attacks, blackmailing to get my photos back, contact list sold off in an auction, etc. This is not a linux PC. Average joes and jills are not avid users with understanding of security. Think billions of users, not just HN community of 30k developers. I actually want a phone with absolutely no app store. Just browser is fine. Given the amount of information it holds, adding any kind of apps that allow system wide access is horrifying to me. Since we don't have such phones, the next best thing is a store run by a company that can have security staff, highly paid security engineers and a whole bunch of people trying to make it secure than some reddit group that wants to distribute apps to billions of people. For that, as I said, just use a browser. Aside: I personally think large typography is a terrible trend in design - in this case, it takes the valuable space on the user's first view of the page (without scrolling) and they waste it on one word "Naming". Apple is an exception. App store reviews are executing the policies and tools that security engineers built. Whether it is a human checking these policies or automated scripts doing it, the point is that the policies governing those filtering processes are conceptualized, written and developed by experts that know what they're doing and they get paid a handsome amount [250k USD and upwards]. You're also switching from AppStore to the whole device. The device is secure because of things like T2 chip and billions that probably went into making it possible. It's really obvious to me which is more secure - a 2 trillion dollar company with vested interest and one of the key selling points, that is privacy; or ... literally anything else. I agree with you if that escape hatch requires explicit permission, warnings and a bunch of precautions. Hot links, such as reddit.com launching App Store to download their app should not be allowed because some uninformed user might just download bogus apps from 3rd party stores. Again, I support the idea of an escape hatch, but I feel like that applies to an imposssibly small slice of the total iPhone userbase. People like you and me. I feel like I should write it out: 0.00000001% people. Do you think executives at Apple look at this feature request and spin the entire ship around so that you and I can hack a phone? I feel like the opposite - they're popularizing ADHD and I just watched "What is ADHD?" episode and pretty much every human on this planet can relate to it. Who doesn't make careless mistakes? Who isn't ever late to anything? Who hasn't had a hard time to focus on something? It is doing a disservice because people who actually have severe ADHD are perhaps shunned and the weight of the word "ADHD" becomes less meaningful. It is similar to the urban popularization of "OCD". It is even used in regular conversation without people realizing that it is a serious condition that can't be lightly taken. Totally. I see a future where people will have edge over others when they pay for information than relying on free sources (except Wikipedia due to its scale, but still, Wikipedia is not a replacement for a proper academic textbook). FT provides insightful commentary from finance/business side of things and their subscription is expensive - rightfully so. I would also agree, the thing is - businesses breakup and come together all the time. If it makes sense and both parties can agree despite of past disagrements and lawsuits, they will partner. Just because Apple and nVidia has bad relationship at the moment regarding their GPUs is probably orthogonal to what they'll do with this new branch of nVidia, that is ARM. Makes sense. IoT was a buzzword in 2013. It is now a mature ecosystem and we've gotten a good taste and smell for it. Its on its way towards the plateau of productivity on the Gartner curve if I were to guess. Having audited over 200 suppliers in China, I feel like the Chinese have mastered the art of "Jugaad". Absolutely brilliant, wreckless and dangerous violations/innovations I've ever witnessed in my life. Commonly known in the west as Redneck Engineering and Jerry-rigging. I think every culture has some sort of a "Jugaad", this isn't something specific to India besides the etymology. I’ve never been satisfied with the definition of stress. My dad always said “If things are going good, that means you’re not trying.” How do you reconcile normal challenges and hardships in life with what is defined as “stress”? In some ways, life without stress is boring and uneventful. At the same time stress is a negative thing that affects your health. It’s not clear to me what is defined as stress - I’ve read number of medical definitions and they all sound vague and unsatisfactory. I don't understand how we are comparing Energy generation with specifics about how it is generated and Plastic Recycling...what's that have to do with Energy production? Totally separate things. I often wonder what if we decide to build a completely new, well thought out computing system (including network) that is totally separate from any legacy system and 100% backwards incompatible . Not any bit less, 100% backwards incompatible and everything would be fresh. There would be no jpeg support (it would have its own image format), it would not have standard TCP/IP stack - a new protocol and network infrastructure, new display format, new IO ports, etc. Why am I imagining this? I feel like computing systems as they've evolved, they've built stuff on layers upon layers and just like biological evolution, it is impossible (difficult) to undo because the marginal cost is too high to unwind and break backwards compatibility. We get stuck in local maxima at each layer and the critical energy required to escape out of it would be too large. I am not saying backwards compatibility is bad, far from that, I am saying that if we force ourselves to cut the cord and completely build computing systems from scratch - I feel like we would have a hindsight to design it better, faster, and cheaper. I had no intention to belittle the complexity, monumental effort and almost impossible to imagine amount of man hours that would go into this - it was purely a thought experiment. Do you really think that it would be less thought out if we have lots of resources and smart people? I feel optimistic that we can bake in the lessons from the past and improve on existing layers/stack/protocols. You've nailed it - I am an inexperienced software engineer but when I lay down the architecture of a particular problem, think about it in excrutiating detail upfront; nothing goes according to the plan. Reality hits you like a brick and new things emerge when actually writing code. Even ambiguity in requirements surface when actually implementing the logic in code. So no matter how good the requirements are, theyll definitely need additional refinement. Software Engineering is really hard I've recently discovered and I value your decades long perspective. I have. I think about UI a lot. I would love to see flat UI, not "flat" in aesthetic sense, but flat in hierarchical sense. Like photoshop menus, fighter jet cockpits, control panels and 90's porsche dashboards - give me a dedicated button exposed upfront. Laid out in logical fashion spatially - a tool bar group for all things audio, another one for display, and yet another one for devices. Ofcourse when number of items are dynamic, dropdowns are ok or another popup window is fine. No icons. Only text (sometimes abbreviated like CTRL PANEL). IMO hierarchical deep menus are logical but they take up precious time when you need to do that action 80 times a day. Same benefits can be obtained by well designed layout (with borders, background colors and proper labels). Most people would find that dauting. I think hiding stuff behind menus is not a good idea even though on surface it might feel like making it less complex. In fact, the complexity is the same, just visual clutter is reduced. I argue that we're really good at looking at visual clutter, my professor's desk is a good example of that. Wow. Absolutely astounding. I know a little bit of C, but I wouldn’t have the slightest idea where to begin. Is it even possible for one person to design a basic operating system? Holyshit, I have thought about the exact same thing. Like totally questioning everything about cars and why do they look the way they look. Cheers, made my day. Have you also though about how we see 3 holes on a face (2 eyes and 1 mouth, ignoring the downward facing holes of the nostrils) as normal. Just add one more and it’s horror. We take these things granted and then slight changes to it is completely terrifying. I also wonder - if we rewind evolutionary time and restart with slightly different initial conditions, not sure what species including humans would even exist in the same form. It would likely be like that game Spore. Minor nit: Architecture and not “Package”, the latter has specific meaning. ARM defines not just instruction set, but also the architecture - Core, Memory layout, peripheral busses, etc. Furthermore, the illustrations in old adverts were absolutely amazing. Just look at today's vast majority of the works - half-baked, traced in illustrator and even then not as refined and charming, full of frivolous colors and complete lack of mastery in drawing (if they ever learned attempted it). We've regressed so much, it makes me upset. There are a few gems out there though. Advertisement, marketing, business ethics, customer centricity, etc. have eroded in favor of high thrift, low margin disposable products we buy today. The other day I was searching for a water pick machine. Amazon search returned a plastic palace worth of shit, each one competing for attention and none of the brands I've ever heard of. Every brand was some engrish name with spelling mistakes, definite chinese knockoff. Good honest businesses are a rarity these days. Despite of what you have to say, most people believe that Dropbox has degraded the "value" it provides to the user. Why is that? They've been pestered by notifications (which can be turned off), annoying upsells, features that no one cares about and the folder has now become super ugly - vaults, computer back and passwords (they should be in a dropbox services folder), constant barrage of messages on phones to share photos, no way to export multiple photos to iOS Photos app, etc. Please respect the honest opinion from the users and try to work with them and show empathy. I am not seeing that. https://domains.google is the best I found. Also, namecheap’s beast mode if you want to check hundreds of domains at once. Not a fan of Raspberry Pi. It hides behind proprietary Broadcom chip, no DSI/MIPI support and you're at the mercy of Raspberry PI for any sort of commercial implementation (RPi Zero and independent module). They do guarantee upto 2026 availability for their DIMM modules which is nice. We wanted to build commercial device using RPi but its a no go due to its blackbox nature. What they should do is to leverage their position in the market and convince Broadcom to open source the bootloader and drivers. There are a bunch of binary blobs from Broadcom that are a mystery as to what they do. No docs, no anything. HAL layer is completely at the mercy of Raspbery Pi. Raspberry Pi is an ecosystem which is based on proprietary technologies and masquerading as an open source friendly thing. If you want to support proper open source development (I understand, at some point things get proprietary the closer you get to the hardware, but with RPi, there isn't even a datasheet for the processor that you can get your hands on), buy Beagle board and other alternatives. I mean, you're not wrong and it is open source at the app layer but it's not like Raspberry Pi is a purely software product. They're a hardware company, acting like a maker friendly, open source device - similar to Arduino (which btw is totally open source, even the bootloader and you can get data sheets for every single component on it), but it falls short with only the top app layer being open source. The middle layer (HAL, drivers, etc.) is all closed source. And hardware is closed source. It's ok to be closed source IMO, but they should not be marketing themselves like Arduino folks. I think if they had the following done right, it would be pretty much on par with open source hardware/software expectations: 1. Hardware datasheets for all components 2. Bootloader available to view the source for, if not completely open source. I understand bootloader can be proprietary tech and they can use non-commercial compete license but allow people to hack them and at the very least view it. 3. All PCB and gerber files available. Clean schematic documentation. 4. HAL/Middleware - this is by far the most crucial portion. The user should be able to write drivers for anything. Right now, if I want to connect a VR 2048x2048 LCD (3.5" square) with a DSI/MIPI interface, I cannot write a driver for this with RPi. It's not entirely their problem either - the DSI org gatekeeps the datasheet and development for it unless you fork out a generate multi thousand dollar membership. That's all. Obviously they cannot compel each component manufacturer to open source their silicon... at some point the expectation fades. No doubt, RPi has been a boon to the world and the popularity speaks for itself. This is the most insane comment I've read in a long time, no offense to you personally. Being friends is orthogonal, and should be orthogonal to one's judgement and their duty as a judge. The entire world would be a better place if they do not follow the argument presented here. The miles flown is also more than one would drive in a day trip. You need to compare total amount of fuel consumed per person for a fun day trip. Also, adding more people to a Ford truck doesn't dramatically increase the fuel consumption. I don't understand why people find novelty of touchscreens appealing. We've got to do a better job of educating consumers. The marketing behind touchscreens is so powerful that it is unanimously considered as a feature, something you must have. I get angry just thinking about the amount of marketing bullshit around touchscreens. Just go to Garmin Aviation website and now a lot of operation in airplane cockpits is offloaded to touchscreens. What happened to the scratch pad and press an index key in FMCs? Age old UI and it is so crisp and clear, there is absolutely zero ambguity. Write something in a scratch pad, click the button where you wanna insert the data. This is a cost saving measure disguised as a feature. Public is dumb and does'nt understand UI/UX in the slightest bit. It is just sad. As long as consumers keep buying, nothing will change. Agreed and you nailed it - an iPhone with touchscreen makes total sense. They look like this: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/RZawxJ6TLuY/maxresdefault.jpg The amber boxes are required fields and ---- are optional. The bottom line is a scratch pad. You first punch in the data there and push one of the index switches on the side to insert it in place. Yea its not beautiful to most people (I disagree) but it is very clear in the way it works. Here is the new one: https://www.aviationpros.com/tools-equipment/maintenance-it/... > Interfaces that you love after two seconds, you may come to hate after using it every day I wish more people knew this tradeoff. It would be great if we stop adding features now. Are there any pieces of software that has started doing this? Why are we perpetually in this loop of feature creep? Like a painter, you must know when to stop painting. This is a real dilemma all painters face, especially when dealing with watercolor. If anyone has tried painting here, you know exactly the problem - how do you know you're done? It applies to writing and music as well, but it is more evident in visual arts than any other field. I wish there was a Postgres branch that took previous version and then just applied optimizations and bugfixes. No more. I think we've gotta stop population growth. Imagine if the world was populated half as much as today. I find this emotional attachment between a real human and a fictitious entity absolutely fascinating, unsettling, beautiful and creepy at the same time. This is pure fiction, generated by some C++ code written in Visual Studio and yet, we are attached to it like a real human. Same thing with fiction books. It’s just words being consumed by the brain but emotional impact is real. Then I question, isn’t all human to human interaction just data exchange through our “sensors” (sight, sound, touch, smell and taste)? That’s not how companies are born. The brand name is not chosen at the beginning but it’s built over time. I guarantee you, if Apple was called Orange, it wouldn’t be any different. It’s the same with logos. As far as you stay away from obvious infractions such as phallic or derogatory names, you’re good to go. Spend time adding meaning and goodwill to the brand name instead of the other way around. Build a great company and focus on that. Apple is such a generic name but it survives the SEO and a bunch of other no-no’s in most branding guides. We’ve got enough advice on brand names. There is an article or two on HN and it’s frankly not that interesting or valuable. What's this have to do with the West? Can someone please explain what .NET framework is? Everytime I come across it, it seems like a mysterious microsoft thing and Wikipedia's explanation is even more confusing: > .NET Framework (pronounced as "dot net") is a software framework developed by Microsoft that runs primarily on Microsoft Windows. It includes a large class library called Framework Class Library (FCL) and provides language interoperability (each language can use code written in other languages) across several programming languages. What is .NET framework really ? Elsewhere, it is described as "A framework to build applications in Windows", but I thought that's what the Windows API helps with. Any help with clarification would be great, thank you. I disagree, this is worse in every way. Too much white space. Literally every website today needs to reduce the padding and margins by 80% and they could present the same data in dense, single page without scrolling. Also large fonts need to die. I love HN because I can see so much in one shot, can always increase fonts with Ctrl + Design should not be trendy. It is not fashion. I hope we don't bloat up wikipedia pages with too much whitespace. Getting of borders, "minimal" looks bother me so much because they're sacrificing layout for aesthetics. There is a reason why borders exist. It is a line segment that separates logically laid out content into groups. I want Wikipedia to stay the same even if it is not ideal. There is a lot of legacy and "learned" behavior. We need to add the familiarization factor to any UI changes. The amount of changes should at the minimum exceed the accrued familiarization of the UI...the longer the design remains the same, the higher this factor. It is crazy to think that we should not make a change if it is for the better, but there are a lot of people ... millions that use this less-than-ideal UI. There is something to be said about that. Typographically, Wikipedia pages have too wide of a column width. This is a common problem not just with webpages, but with magazines and newspapers. There is a reason why the dimension of a book (such as a novel) is smaller than a magazine and that has to do with how wide of a column is comfortable for reading. We need to look at how magazines and newspapers solve this problem. They use columns. Larger fonts is not the answer nor is excessive whitespace because you're not solving the layout issue. It is just magnification. If newspapers didn't exist and if web designers today were tasked to design a physical newspaper, it would be bloody 80 pages long and full of massive margins and fonts with no understanding about density of presentation. The web needs to be treated like physical media (yes, I said that, fight me). It is a rectangular 2D space that presents text - no difference to my retina whether it is a magazine, newspaper or LCD monitor in terms of spatial representation (not talking about contrast/backlit aspects). This was different a while ago, but today, the pixel density is great and we can almost treat monitors like paper (again, not talking about backlit issues). Web designers today won't be able to design a physical telephone book. It would be called "Too overwhelming" for the user and it would be insanely big in 17 volumes. I like Wall Street Journal and their typography, https://wsj.com and how they write their articles. Not sure if it directly applies to Wikipedia, but I agree with your general point about typography - 80-120 character width seems ideal, any longer and it is tiring. Perhaps we should go with columnar layout. I don't think it helps by adding a bunch of whitespace... ultimately, you're reducing the amount of information shown on a single page which could just be columnized. Increasing font size is magnification of the entire column, so you sacrifice the vertical space along with it. Line height can't go lower after a specific point - Arial for example, with font size of 12 points needs to have enough line-height of 16 points. Again, increasing the font size is not the solution. The second point about padding the sides with whitespace causes waste of screen real-estate for no reason other than to give comfortable width to read. This is what NYtimes articles do: https://www.nytimes.com/2020/08/21/business/goldman-sachs-fo... So left and right sides are unnecessarily wasted. The solution I am proposing is to use multiple columns. At desktop size, you get 3 columns. At tablet size, 2. On the phones, its single column. There might be better solutions to this but I can't think of any. Columns are how Magazines do their layout of text. It is also part of the international style in graphics design. Counter point: Magazines had to use columns to conserve space and page count. Each page adds cost. In digital media, we don't have such limits. The only down side is the user has to scroll a lot. But we have devised a scroll wheel and most users have this tool. I thought about resizing the window, but then most websites slap you with a hamburger menu and neuter the interface. The web is such a shit place in terms of design. This is probably why I like reading books and magazines in print. At least the lay out is done by a professional who doesn't have a title "UX/UI" designer and doesn't have a Behance/Dribble portfolio. These people are professionals and they conduct themselves as such. Use Ctrl(Cmd) and + sign to zoom. You make good points. There is a wiggle room between column widths. https://graphicdesign.stackexchange.com/questions/13724/reco... Somewhere between 80-110 cpl should be adequate to satisfy most deviations in sizes. This "buffer" factor can be accounted for when designing for resizeable interfaces. Column sizes don't have to be absolutely rigid and pixel perfect. Scaling can be tackled by basing everything on em-units. Scaling using Ctrl + can effectively "zoom" the UI. The relationship between elements should stay the same. None of this is difficult. We have tools to tackle these problems. Uninformed designers are the problem IMO, but I don't have data for this. My gut feeling is that most designers follow trends, UI frameworks (bootstrap, tailwind), and have stopped building CSS from scratch. Why are columns hell for accessibility? Given the fluidity of 80-110 cpl, we should be able to account for any size from a phone to large displays. This is a solved problem. Again, I am not saying there aren't challenges and may be there are better ways to handle all the variables. We should not throw the towel and not think, discuss and debate about it. I am sorry to hear your experiences. I hope you're in a better position mentally - I feel like it is a feedback loop effect: Stuttering causes anxiety which causes more stuttering. I had similar (not stuttering) problems when speaking in social settings. I discovered some techniques like breathing control, always thinking about what life means to me - "The king and the pawn, all go back into the same box after the game is over". I found that through some behavioral therapy, I don't have social anxiety because every situation I handle - I handle it like I am in no way obligated to please these people and even if shit hits the fan, it is not the end of the world. We are all here for a temporary period in our lives...some 80 years or so. Not sure if this would work for others, but this is how I see the world. It helps me battle stress. The fact that this is the top comment and most people are confused about what Open Telemetry is about should indicate that it is not clear. This is too often a mistake - not knowingly. It's like proof reading, I always think my writing is correct until someone else points out mistakes. Personally (I would probably get shot by saying this) but responsive design is a real problem, it is not a feature, but its a bug - a horrible one. By appeasing to many screen sizes, we create worse UI for all 3 sizes because no one really designs them for each size separately. Widths are in percentages, flex layout allos collapsable columns and the whole thing is not built from ground up. Either the designer starts with Desktop first and then mobile is a second thought (Bootstrap), or all class names are mobile first (Tachyons). If we design UI from scratch for each of the 3 or 4 classes of screen sizes, it would be so much better. Completely, from scratch. Not taking the Desktop layout and collapsing the columns. But doing things like button sizes should be smaller for Desktop (mouse) and larger for mobile (finger). Not a single framework does this. I want to clarify about my comment and what I meant - when you're working on your own product for many months and years, it is hard to know what others don't know about the product. Similar to proof reading, your eyes just "gloss" over :) I didn't mean to patronize or say you made a mistake. Ah, so the problem is that the designer used rem or a mix of em/rem units. I personally use Pixels in everything that way the entire thing zooms and all relationships are proportional. Showing how App Store is consumer centric - I think that's important to put in the context where Apple has to keep a tight grip or else these savage businesses would devour the customer's privacy in instant and exploit their psyche with tricks to milk as much money as they can. I am glad Apple is gatekeeping. Your style of thinking cannot be popular on HN, but we all know why this is good for the consumer - in this day and age, businesses will completely rip apart the consumer in every which way. They'll not miss a chance to fuck the consumer's privacy, financial state, psychology, innocence and addiction. HN crowd wants something they can run sudo on. But people here have not got a slighest idea of how to run a device for close to a billion+ people. Thanks for providing the source about encrypted backups, that's chilling. Can you provide sources for other claims in your comments? I want to read up more on what sorts things these apps do. Apple is by far the best when it comes to privacy relative to the others. Would you trust Microsoft, Google, or literally any other company (even Canonical Ubuntu) more than Apple? Sundar Pichai has no sense of leadership skills that I can note from outside of the company. He exudes no passion, no sense of optimism, and completely lacks vision. I’ve seen him speak at Google I/O and time and again, it’s just AI and people. He needs to turn Google’s brand into Goodwill. Like Nike did. Like Apple did. Like his predecessors at Google did. Pardon me if this is harsh, but literally being honest how I feel. Sundar feels like an immature executive when it comes to building an image about himself and the company. Wallstreet probably likes his results and growth numbers, but there is more to stock price and performance to running a company. When he is gone, his successors will feel the pain and debt he has left behind. The spying thing is a problem with US gov. Why are you dinging Apple for that? In fact, Apple refused to unlock the phone when FBI requested for the famous shooting case (I forgot). Others do the same - Google, Facebook, Microsoft, etc. Apple is complying to the law. Also, Apple is putting encryption in hardware to prevent this sort of a thing. They don't have keys to the device. When a company sides with the consumer, the developers complain (HN crowd). When developers are given free access (side loading, jailbreaking), the consumers suffer (most times without knowing). I only see one sided opinions from Developers here on HN. What happened to your sense of understand that capitalism ensures that companies will do every bit to milk privacy and money from the customers by hook or by crook. Do you not realize this or refuse to accept? Just look at what LinkedIn app on iPhone was doing until Apple decided to alert the user when it uses the clipboard. Apple isn't doing this out of charity. Theyre doubling down on software + hardware security because that's their market differentiation from the rest of the Ad-tech horror show. Vast number of actions Apple takes are siding the with the consumer. I also want my own device to be hackable, but iPhone is no small toy. It has my entire life on it. As a consumer, I pay the Apple tax so I am not constantly worrying about security and privacy. As a hacker, I want to be able to run Doom on my iPhone. Why is one side so difficult to understand? I am all for pushing Apple to make their devices repairable, more eco friendly, cheaper, better, highly secure, hackable upon concent, but gosh - it's like an article after article here bashing Apple without any balanced form of discussion. Selling a device that contains your entire life to millions of people is very different from selling a linux box to a bunch of hackers. You should realize both sides of the coin and debate. Not that I don't empathize with your sentiments, but this is common literally in every industry. Larger the MOQ or volume, the better the price. From cotton to silicon to software, it is fundamental in business dealings. Do you expect a customer to purchase peanuts by the kg and another customer to purchase peanuts by the tons at the same price/kg? Larger companies bring larger revenue. They get juicy discounts. I acknowledge the situation with smaller devs, but the comparison is extreme - billion dollar company vs. a single developer. How do you reconcile these? Every enterprise software has volume licensing even though the cost of distribution is negligible. Is an App store different? I argue its not, but open for discussion. With Stripe, I can get 1.9% or even lower transaction fees if my volume is $2M+ annually. Usually for poor small companies, they have to pay 2.9%. So sorry for small companies :-( but that's how the world works. There is a lot of emotion behind arguments on HN when it comes to Apple. It is mob thinking and bandwagoning, I am not impressed. Edit: Sorry, I was referring to another comment. My mistake. At some point when the amount is in multi millions, it becomes a call to the a real person at Apple - negotiations are on the table. I see absolutely nothing wrong with this. Unless we see this wrong across the board including the peanut business. Any other argument is hypocrisy unless the App Store is something different than normal business dealings? Software has n^2 as many paths a piece of code can take depending on how it branches. Also, you cannot simulate the rest of the world (externalities). If I design a bracket for a TV mount, do you blame the bracket when someone hangs a 3000 kg bookcase on it? You’re expect software to be perfect, yet ignore the massive limits everything in the world has. Not saying there aren’t quality issues with software. I’m saying software development is really difficult . Sorry to point out but you picked the weakest point of my argument which was my gut feeling about the what I see on HN, not sure how you can say that's disputable. > One final note. We are currently considering a Headless CMS option for front-end page delivery. This means using the CMS in a decoupled way to manage content but use a separate system to deliver front-end pages. Please note this solution would not be reliant on JavaScript (e.g. a single page app which is common with headless. Excellent. SPAs have their place in things like Notion and Google Docs. I’m glad they’re not depending on Javascript. Honestly curious: Is there any objective reason for going with Oracle DB over PostgreSQL? Putting emotions aside :). Or is it that Oracle runs on the fumes of legacy lock ins? This post shows how developers (and people in general) have a difficult time with emotional forbearance when it comes to objective technological critique and being able to put aside (and recognize) personal bias. The author had to put so much upfront to satiate and calm the crowd before embarking on his review. We shouldn't have to do that. We should operate with surgical precision on the way we argue and judge others. Try to double-check when we assume something of others. That does not mean we shouldn't talk about how unethical Oracle is, just that those two discussions can take place simultaneously without drama. The more senior I become in my career and the older I get, the more I realize that the entire world operates like this. It is grim. How do you verify if it’s correct? Year 2030. I kind of like the old school physical credit cards. It was fun to carry a wallet too. You could customize it, add a bit of flair and constantly obsess about making it thin. Good ol’ days. Aside: Nit: Don't use gradients for discrete categories in a graph. Use a discrete color palette that perceptually distances colors as much as possible using a tool like this: https://medialab.github.io/iwanthue/ The world is a sad place, the fact that we have to pay a premium so we don't get features. We need companies to rise up against this bullshit. It won't matter until the customer base is educated in privacy. We need a massive campaign to spread privacy awareness. Only then, there could be a market. Apple can afford to do this because they're big and they already have a customer base. A mid-sized company trying to sell privacy oriented products in a mass market is going to be left in the dust. The society continues to regress. No one cares. Same password results in a different hash if you run it again. Aside: Absolutely despise the web design. Designers from Google - if you're reading this, please explain this to me - what's particularly wrong with a static page? > BTW: This lady has a Masters from MIT. She def knows her way around things. I agree with all of what you said until you bought up this unnecessary credential wrapper. It leaves a bad taste - statements like this. I don't know why. Going to MIT is doesn't make you an automatic genius nor does it mean that they know their way around things. It bothers me. What is a well designed component given current limitations of HTML spec? There is no way around it. The author makes really good points but offers no solution. Just complains. Would love to know more how we can do this better if there is a way. What you're alluding to is the design studies, A/B testing that they do for say should this button be placed at the top-right or left-bottom? Google probably does immense testing on their UI to make sure it is optimized. What I am referring to is complete re-thinking of UI when it comes to presentation of content. I don't think it would even be on the table for testing and spending time at Google. I don't doubt that Google has to do everything that maximizes profit, but I seriously doubt if anyone has tried to make a static page for an experiment. The kind of design language today is an amalgamation..or rather a hodgepodge of current design trends, anti-functionalist fashion-like waves that UI aesthetic makes rounds in Designer circles and the copy-cat nature of "If Apple is doing it we should to" or "Stripe's success can be attributed to their sleek animations and design sensibilities", yet there is no validation. I am willing to bet. I seriously doubt if they can even produce a static, simplified page that shows photos in high resolution and have tested that on real users. Thanks for being receptive. I empathize with you in strongest way possible. I think we all should stop being offended so damn much. I don’t know why I felt the way I did but you’re right - take it easy, we need to be a bit more flexible and allow for room of interpretation. Sorry I felt that way in my initial comment. I think the offending word was “def”. > This lady has a Masters from MIT. She probably knows her way around things Sounds much better and less authoritative :) I know what you meant in the general sense. Side note about the author's credibility: Some of the writing from this article is stolen without credit: https://twitter.com/brucel/status/1305820902903382016 The whole flugelhorn sentence. It's the aliasing. Phosphor displays "smooth" out the text whereas we've spend better part of the last 30 years trying to interpolate pixels to achieve the same. See font hinting - it is a rabbit hole. If you've never used a terminal before, one of those CRT amber displays, you're definitely missing out. It's a sight to behold. Not just visually, but also how instantaneous keyboard strokes appear on the screen. It will make you despise the current technology stack, operating systems and pretty much any user interface whilst you've just had the best minute and half of your life pressing keys...with a giant smile on your face. It is experiential thing - the current generation will never know or experience. I share your sadness and I emphathize. There are so many things like this that I worry, will be lost in the oblivion of time, and erased forever. I think cliche of romanticizing old ways of doing things is totally uncalled for. People don't romanticize about bad things from the old days. They pick the best ones that survived memories and thus talk about it to provide guidance for the future. We should listen to them. It’s not that foreign to experience things like this. Just flip a switch with an LED or Incandescent bulb - notice how instantaneous it reacts to the switch action. Then do the same with fluorescent bulb with a ballast. The world is full of instantly reacting stuff. From writing to playing ping pong, we expect a certain amount of latency and no more. That’s why soft suspension cars are not fun (even if their performance was great, it’s not) because so much of driving pleasure comes from the tactility and Human-to-Machine interaction - basically brain seeks faster feedback so the control loop is tight. :) Enjoy the physical world. It’s amazing. I have a curious question, hope you can shed some light. I am an American. I grew up in a highly educated household that valued education, being kind to each other and rejecting nationalism. We don't hold up our flag and somehow feel uncomfortable with patriotism. Our family constantly argues about the US military and its might, its wrong doings and its good deeds. With that said, I've interacted with several Swiss friends and found a repeating pattern of opinions (which we laugh off as jokes) - of how proud Americans are about their country. For me and my social circle in a mid-large city in US, it is completely the opposite. Even during college, none of my fellow friends had any shred of pride in being an American (I studied Engineering). It was mostly looking up to Switzerland (and EU, esp. Scandanavia) as utopian paradise. Could you please help provide some light on the following questions that I would feel very uncomfortable asking otherwise: - Do Swiss people also feel shame of being patriotic? - As an outsider, we see Swiss flags advertised on pretty much every Swiss company, product and service. But, I realize that it may be a mirage and not the actual on-the-grounds situation in Switzerland. Do you see the Swiss pride internally as well or it is just a commercial brandname/marketing ploy since Swiss brand is so strong. - What, if any, are the views about anti-patriotism that is exemplified by Germans. Hardly see German flags and patriotism there seems to be muted if not outright rejected. Is there any sort of friction? Fascinating take on what makes Cars enjoyable, and thanks for adding color to my simplified view of it :) Can someone explain how these spams are created? Who creates these (I know DO, but why do they create a bot to spam repos)? What is the alleged motivation behind these PRs? I am out of loop with this one. I was missing this piece of puzzle. It all makes sense now. Thank you. Wait... why the hell is DO giving out free t-shirts in automated fashion without checking individual contributions! What could go wrong!!! President is chosen by the electorate and not the voters directly, they cast in their vote at a specific date (I need to look it up). So, even if voters have voted, the date I am referring to is far away from now. Or you can approach them in a friendly manner and talk about your Chickens, why are they so fascinated and make a new friend. My advice is to try to understand that your judgement is probably not aligned to malice of the intruder, instead verify with friendliness and if they’re still “creepy”, by all means proceed with your action plan. Love each other and our neighbors. Dude probably just wanted to send it to his girlfriend what he found interesting on the way. Sure the means of communication has changed, but back in the day it would be a photo taken on a Kodak disposable camera and majority of the narrative would have been through story telling. How come they don't have integration testing? Full 100 services should have end-to-end integration testing and any change made to that chain of tooling should have to run through a massive integration test. If anything fails, the change is no longer acceptable. My process of engaging at work is strictly professional. I don't even like going to happy hours. I don't want to bond with anyone on a personal level. Ok, we joke and entertain ourselves on a personal level but it is very much small talk / elevator chat. I honestly do not understand why people socialize at work. Can someone who holds a contrary viewpoint shed some light on why this is so common place in corporate environments? My guess is that it has to do with various kinds of personalities. Aside: One of the worst trends we have going is emojis in articles, commit messages, readmes and PRs. Emojis are great for chat when you want to express emotions. When it comes to reading text anywhere else: - It distracts from years of training we have in recognizing characters of a particular language and word shapes - It takes an extra second to process the symbol since we're not used to it. For example, "Notice a _bug_emoji_ ? Send us an email." [1] - It draws eyes to the Emoji's first because they're foreign symbols and they're painted in color. - Notion is one of those products that encourages this. I really don't see the benefit. Perhaps in labels it is ok - since its a symbol that's used to categorize things, and it is not prose. [1] https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2020-election-forecast/... Instead of arguing from first principles and the origins of Emojis, we're arguing - "Just get used to it". This is, my friend, how we regress as a society as no one challenges the status-quo. I was hoping you'd provide some objective reasons that my comment was lacking, but you did none of those. I am open to hear and listen. We don't broaden the perspective for flat earthers, right? If we did, we would regress. If there is any glimmer of hope - it would turn Emojis like symbols in Japanese Kanji script. They'd become logographic characters that are universally recognized across all languages. But, we're far from that. It needs to be formally included in the language, dictionary and schools. Also to note that his videos have no fluff besides a few seconds of intro. There is no background music, non-sense commercialization and over-production of videos. It is along the lines of EEVBlog and other channels. This format is amazing but highly unpopular in other fields. People want more entertainment and a lot of content creators succumb against their will to stay afloat. Linus Tech Tips and MBKHD are the worst offenders of this. > Your arguments are heavily biased by your age/experience. Young people matter too, right? I flagged your comment, this type of judgemental attitude has no place on HN. Everywhere I go in the Bay Area, people are sensible and wearing masks. Bay Area is the size of Switzerland in terms of population ~7 million people has similar levels of COVID rates since the beginning [1] [2] [1] https://projects.sfchronicle.com/2020/coronavirus-map/ [2] https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/country/switzerlan... I stay in an apartment complex and there are strict rules inside the courtyard - No one allowed without masks. All cleaning staff is PPE'ed up and UPS/Fedex delivery people are also wearing masks. In contrast, LA and Sacramento area has done poorly - it presumably boils down to the culture and government competence? Not sure what measures lead to better COVID containment in terms of macroscopic policies/culture. I don't understand why anyone would do this instead of running FreeNAS. It comes with everything you need including ZFS pools. This is a cancer equivalent in the society. The internet has brought us amazing things, but its starting to show its downsides as well. I've said this before - that before the Internet, we had to rally up support locally and physically in person. If we sound too crazy, it will not take off. The internet allows for small voices to reverberate and pick off individuals that resonate, enough momentum is built up through this and then it is unstoppable. I am a life long believer of free speech and free press. We need better ways to deal with these fringe theories and how they propel through society like cancer while still maintaining reasonable level of freedom of speech. At this point, QAnon is clearly unsubstantiated by any stretch of logic, reasoning and data. It needs to be killed hard with a strong dose of radiation. Don't feed the cancer. I am terrified of what else is brewing on the internet today. What's concerning is how people easily fall into these conspiracy theories. To me, it seems like vast swaths of people are uneducated, illinformed, and flatout unintelligent to think on their own feet and reject unsubstantiated claims. The fact that religion exists on a global scale is a testament to this. Why? Are there more jobs for Biologists than Computer Scientists/Developers/Programmers? It looks like this is a response based on demand . Why in the world would you want more biologists when there isn't market demand for them? This is mostly wishful romanticization of particular "underdog" areas of studies. Makes no sense to me. Even more preposterous is the parent's profound claim: > I feel like this thread has a lot of bias coming from bad experiences in the computer science field I don't understand why we are talking about bias? It's not like the market goes "Gee ... we are a software company, but only if we would abandon our biases and hire an archeologist from Columbia and sponsor an H1b visa for them. Not sure what would do with them, but we must hire them though. Hey Rob! You got any ideas man?" When I am angry, frustrated and disappointed or depressed, I think of the pale blue dot every single time. It helps me put things into perspective. Our little knotted lives and our petty concerns are meaningless and inconsequential in grand scheme of things. Just let it go. Enjoy what little time we have here! Thanks for sharing. Jiddu Krishnamurthy’s 1985 UN speech also resonates here: https://youtu.be/qcga8ATBNh0 I think we give too much credit to an application that plays videos on a phone. Just because its popular and used by millions doesn't make the app and the idea impressive. Vine was excellent and it was killed. You can talk about neat UX/UI ideas in Tiktok, but it's not that groundbreaking. If anything else, its the infrastructure that allows them to scale it is impressive. Both FB and Google are masters at scaling so its a non issue. Innovation in China will continue, no doubt. But let's put things into perspective. You're comparing a $40b app, that is Tiktok (similar to Airbnb valuation) to completely different monsters - Some trillions in valuation (1.5T Microsoft, 2T Apple, 1T Google, 700B FB). Exactly my point - it is the scaling that makes it impressive as I stated. And Google/FB are experts at doing just that. Lol at the video! I am not defending US Gov. All I am saying is getting traction is extremely valuable and those are the numbers you hear (ARPU, etc) in quarter conference calls. $40 billion dollars is for the users not for the stupid UX/UI. A simple way would be to stop all content from propagating beyond few thousand people before a human vetting it. Can someone please explain why this is difficult? I think its trivial but I am often wrong about these things. It's got an accelerometer and a gyro. Doesn't even need vision to do this. Even simpler would be just a hard-coded program without a feedback loop except after the end of the stunt to level out the quadcopter. Everyone here is missing the most important concept in semiconductor manufacturing: binning and yield [1]. They're interconnected. It's not like Intel can make 5.4 GHz chips for days on. It doesn't work that way. Ofcourse they can manufacture processors capable of some ridiculous 6.0 GHz (not accounting for power consumption)... but that would be 0.1% yield. You cannot run a factory like this. [1] https://www.techspot.com/article/2039-chip-binning/ I think HN discussions have always been focusing on developer/business side of things but people don't realize that users - they don't care what happens in the backend. They care about the experience and Apple delivers, and then some. I think Apple's 30% can be debated but a vanishingly small slice of users know this and care about it, millions of users just want to do their thing with beautiful ease and experience. It is the percentage of the market price that the customer paid, not what developer got. You're twisting this. Think about it this way - if Apple was not in the middle, the developer would have received $100. So it is 30% less than what they would have received without Apple cut. Truth, having worked with a team of 15 engineers in Bangalore - there is a huge cultural difference. Yes, I understand some people might be offended by this but I am speaking unadulterated truth with absolutely no offense meant in terms of race/country/origin. The culture is totally different and IMO not conducive to innovation, critical thinking and constructive feedback - it is the opposite. Still, some people will be offended by this. Are there exceptions? Absolutely. Is this a common pattern and generalization? Yes. I agree with you 100%. Julia is a language that is half baked for engineering use. Any one who has ever built anything beyond examples and tutorials, something production worthy and used by hundreds of people - they will attest to how immature Julia is. That's not the fault of the programming language per se... just that it takes 10+ years to get up to speed in terms of tooling and engineering worthiness. In addition, there are a lot of problems with the language itself some of which are highlighted in the top comment of this thread. This is why I think its mostly non-engineers commenting about how great Julia is. No one has tried to deploy it prod. Sure there might be exceptions, but if you interview 100 engineers who've tried deploying Julia, a vanishingly small % would recommend it if at all. > Instead the types allow Julia to dispatch your method call to the correct implementation for the type of your variable at runtime. This is Julia's secret sauce, and it's the main reason you'll hear about Julia programmers declaring about how composable Julia packages are. I can "reach into your package", and define the behaviour of your functions on my own custom types and then whenever anyone tries to call the function/method with one of my types, it'll just work. I don't need to author a pull request to your package or futz around with anything that you've wrote. That's not a bug, that's a feature. Libraries are abstractions. I get an API and it encapsulates the behavior of the library. That is a nice thing. Being able to modify runtime behavior of internal libraries can lead to insane jumblygoo of code spathetti that would bring the finest programmers to their knees. I don't want implicit behavior at runtime. I want explicit behavior in case of non-contractual externalities (wrong user input for e.g. at runtime). I want the program to fail so it can be patched. I've also built several production systems and it has nothing but nightmare. Stack traces are meaningless and there were so many issues with things like ISO Time Zones, HTTP requests (why isn't there a solid http request library? its a mess), Docker problems with compilation, start times were atrocious and still are I think, package management is insane, setting up an internal julia repository is a total nightmare - just go on SO and search for it. I've lived through this. No! The supply-demand curve intersects at $100 and not $70. 70/30 split is an internal transaction and cost of doing business. No different than distributor cut if you’re selling physical products. The customer paid $100. That is by definition the price . All costs are relative to the price . For example, sales tax or transaction fees. We should allow rare exceptions, such as this instance. I think humor should be less than 1% of the content on this site TBH. There are a lot of ways to get entertainment on the internet. I come to HN for serious conversation and insight. I also think it should be like little gems sprinkled here and there to break the pattern. Any more and it desensitizes me - this is why I don't like going to Reddit. Why is NYTimes calling him an "Antifa Activist"? He allegedly killed someone - doesn't matter who. Everyone is cheating (they’re adtech companies) but Apple isn’t. Apple doesn’t have to cheat. They just charge it upfront, sure Siri won’t ever catch up because of the lack of data (knowledge graph like Google), but I’m fine with a crappy Siri than evil smart Alexa. I’m not convinced. Fundamentally, Apple is a services and a hardware company. They have no business in advertisement. Do you follow Stratechery (Ben Thompson)? He writes about Apple’s privacy fundamentalism here (midway through the post): https://stratechery.com/2019/privacy-fundamentalism/ How do you even start to build something like this? What frameworks could I use? Sometimes, I spend a lot of time creating very good abstractions only to find that nothing will make use of it for next 10 years. You'd be better off duplicating some 8 lines of code. It is not ideal but you could be spending your energy elsewhere where it matters and abstractions do actually pay off. Not to be a downer or anything but this post just exemplifies how much I would hate starting a company, especially funded by VCs. When they say Silicon Valley is not for everyone, I believe them. Kudos to people that actually propel through this and get what they want. Media loves talking about 3D Printing primarily due to its click ratio and viewership. As an mechanical engineer, I've had experience developing aircraft stages and frames - the whole premise of 3D printed parts going into an aircraft from airworthiness perspective is flat out insane. This was 10+ years ago but the process is roughly as follows: Requirements of loads and flight envelopes are first provided to us (I was employed in a stress analysis group). The parts that I worked on weren't "new" per se, these were modifications to existing parts to comply to new loads or new materials, fasteners etc. Once envelopes + safety factors are set, we literally sketch out basic FBD (free body diagrams) along with shear-moment diagrams depending on the type of the part. You know the kind of diagrams you had to do in Statics class in University. Most of us knew the appendix formulas and many other empirical results by heart, and some of the guys at work were total nerds. They knew every possible cross sectional moment of inertia formulas, etc. It was really humbling. You'd think that aircraft industry some slow moving folks, but it couldn't be more false. The discipline was astounding. Then we consult existing parts directory, fastener books and materials for conceptual design. During the first conceptual design review (CDR), Principal engineers (depending on how critical this part is) get involved and provide us feedback. Post CDR, we send out parts to our FEA dept (mostly part time workers, some of them even commercial pilots) that get the models from the drafting department (Catia V4 at the time) and run some discretization scripts, they are pretty versed on how fine the mesh should be, but everything must be documented. Sensitivity study against mesh size needs to be proven. Converged models are sent back to us, we test it against intuition, and theoretical predictions (but not always). Detail design: Flange thickeness to thread pitch is set in stone, about 1800 fastener choices are narrowed down to a few, cost implications are non-existent, so most of the times weight is king. Coatings if any are specified. Prototypes are made by our supplier, GD&T red marks are fixed. Goodman diagram is consulted for fatigue studies, and sometimes even simulated in the FEA model. Same with creep and crack propagation studies. Detail Design review takes place and we are blessed by principal engineer. If it is an external part with any sort of interaction with the airflow, flutter dynamics to CFD guys are called, I honestly never worked on any farrings or anything affecting flight dynamics. Then comes the guaging (where to put rosette and stress gauges) and ground test certification process. Prototypes are tested against real world conditions and failures. Depending on the part, various tensile strength tests are conducted and sometimes with simulated internal cabin pressure. Not all parts were tested though. All in all, it takes forever to make a part in an airplane. My memory is fading so I can't recall everything. It was a lot of paperwork and documentation. We took that seriously. Having designed parts in an airplane, I just can't take 3D printing seriously. You wouldn't believe the kind of work that goes into designing parts from composites - that was a new thing at the time when I was in the industry. I haven't but I guess the goal was to give a perspective of what it takes to design a normal part from 6000 series aluminum and see what has to happen to certify it. You can extrapolate from there. We didn't have 3D printing as an option back then and I don't think it makes any sense even today. Sure, for prototyping it is valuable but even then we would make prototypes from the actual process (CNC) because then we can test the mechanical properties. Most people think prototyping is holding the part in the hand and seeing how it looks. Perhaps if youre doing ergo work. If 3D printing can go through rigorous process of understanding variation, void forming, failure modes, repeatability and reproducibility tests, sure it can be used. My question is - why? Perhaps a part can be made so that it saves so much weight with its shape that is not easily machinable. Then it makes sense. There are so many hurdles. In some ways, 3D printed parts are considered "composite". It would need to go through some rigor as some of the theory/proceedings laid out in a book like this: https://www.amazon.com/ICAF-2019-Manufacturing-Proceedings-I... It is very much under study and scrutiny. Composites are the way to go in Airframes, the amount of effort poured into this area is incredible. I think the new 787 (haha "new") is primarily composite and so is the A350. Hey, I would also like to learn if these things exist and whether anyone in aviation is using them. More curious about how they would certify these things - machining is so well understood over many decades that the risk tolerance against anything else would pretty high. I also worked on Turbine blades. Specifically did studies on trailing edge dump and pressure side bleeding holes, the air is bled from 7-10th compressor stage for cooling. 3D printing would massively benefit it because more than structural loads, the part is at its thermal limits and structurally it becomes weak as a result. If they can just cool it by 200 degrees, it would be groundbreaking. The trailing edge of the blade is by far the most critical - thicker and aerodynamic efficiency will take a toll; make it razor sharp and it will just melt away. Curious how you do quality control and machine-to-machine variation studies? Do you have CSAM inspection or some kind of X-ray inspection techniques for finding voids/abnormalities? That was really interesting to read. I shouldn't be so dismissive, sounding like an old record. I would however be dismissive if proper analysis isn't done on the parts and generally deteriorating standards on quality of parts. People's lives are at stake and we were very conservative in building the frames I worked on. Not just FAA but other agencies were watching us. That's insane. During my tenure in the industry, we had ceramic coatings on the first stage. We were hitting some 1250 C temperatures with these things and they were barely holding up. There was a huge push for efficiency in that era and we would shorten the life of the blades in favor of efficiency, there would be regular inspections and coatings were such a pain in the ass. Not enough cooling. A turbine blade has a web of channels and internal cavity for cooling. Here is a good diagram: https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/Numerical-study-of-tra... I think that would be covered under the idea "Lead by example". When the manager is competent to understand, console and provide guidance to the team when they're struggling - even slight slivers of technical skills and knowhow, the rapport they build is unbreakable. The idea is to genuinely belong to a team, not just on an org chart. When troops are in the battle field, they form unbreakable bonds because they have trust, got each other's backs and there is absolutely nothing artificial about it - life is on the line. More often than not, I've seen managers appear genuine but are not internally so and it will surface in future if not now. Also, corporations, midsized companies and even small companies have this idea of not speaking the mind. Instead, massive amounts of bullshit corp speak and lipstick is put on the pig to do a quick dog and pony show for the upper management. Managers that suck up to upper management lose their support from the troops. Once that's done, there is no going back. > He's not complaining How is he not complaining. He totally is. I see the distinction, thanks. I find this entire thread absurd though...if the person wanted to get fair credit, they should have used a different license. It's like saying "Hey, totally ok to have a beer from my fridge. But I'd really really plead you to drop in a buck... but only if you wish though. But I highly recommend it. It would be shame if you don't. Most people don't want to be shamed do they?" Just be straight forward and put that in the license. Otherwise, it is truly optional and should be treated as such. As much as I dislike having trillion dollar corporation not give a credit, that's why we have licenses. Curious how you define a team’s success? I mean this in the most respectful way: Can someone please explain the allure of watching F1 race on TV? I honestly sat down with a few friends and we watched Kimi Raikonnen but it was not a lot of action in terms of overtaking and drama - it was mostly inching forward and making time. I fully understand and appreciate the amount of skills that go into driving an F1 car, but what is in for the spectator? Thanks for the take. I really enjoy Chess. I feel like I can do some calculations and see if I can guess what theyll play next. I like Rapid chess which is 15 mins per player which strikes a good balance between Blitz and classical time controls. TIL Cricket lasts 5 days wtf. Key difference would be the age demographics. Wars are so devastating not only because people die, but it is young people who die. As unethical as it sounds and completely from the perspective of impact on human capital, COVID is far less damaging. I totally agree. Sorry, I did preface it "As unethical as it sounds". Your comment seems to be "cancelling" mine purely on emotional basis despite of prefacing my intentions. God forbid, if I had purely stated it with no warnings. I agree, it is pretty shitty to thing to say that older people are not as valuable to the society as the young. There is objectivity and truth to it, although it might be unpleasant. I am afraid that this is what's going on in the world today - objectivity takes a backseat, emotional and knee-jerk "cancel" culture prevails. It deeply bothers me. Why are we talking about on Flash? That's the weakest part of the argument. The main point OP is pointing out is the inconsistency of WebGL. Even if he didn't make a point about Flash, the central message would be unaffected. I run a business with reletively high volume. Our transactions go through stripe but we also have Paypal checkout option. About 80% of the people landing on our site choose Paypal. It has nothing to do with "got my back" because they still use a credit card to pay through paypal. The main reason is it is easy to just hit Paypal, and approve despite of the dark patterns (I can't believe how many times I've had to switch between my bank a/c source and creditcard or paypal balance... fuck you Paypal PMs for making this confusing on purpose), and there is no need to fill out credit card forms. Stripe folks if you're listening - I am reporting from the battle field - please work on a Stripe user account and it will kill Paypal instantly. Just login with Stripe account on any store and instantly checkout. Whenever I have an Apple Pay option, I choose it because it is instant. Filling out credit card details is the real problem. None of these people have ever worked on a tiny electro-mechanical assembly that needs to happen on a monumental scale. It’s impossible to make this thing repairable without sacrificing size or it’s water resistance and more. I’ve worked in HVM and have a huge respect for people who make this possible. iPhone? Sure they could probably try making it repairable. It’s difficult though. I worked in a company that did competitive analysis of iPhone PCB. It’s insane. WLCSP and various CoWoS packages everywhere. Not a single mm^2 wasted. Apple Watch is the most amazing thing ever - we did cross sections and X-rays of the SoCs, lots of flat flex and hybrid PCB components, glue is king - companies like Nitto specialize in making glue for assembly. I can’t imagine how to make it repairable. It’s hard. I also wish things were repairable but then people will complain its not waterproof or whatever. One of the things that I absolutely despise is the habit people have for consumer entitlement. People are assholes - just ask anyone who has worked in a call center or H&M cash register. General public is thankless and constantly complain about how much everything just sucks. It's almost like a passtime. Unrelated thankless jobs: Imagine you’re an engineer working on Siri and the entire world makes fun of your work constantly. And it’s not your fault that Apple doesn’t collect insane amounts of data like Google does to make AI work. This is debatable. Edit: let’s not talk about Siri. I’m sorry to bring it up, just had the thought come to my mind about it today when I watched Linus Tech Tips’s video about Siri. I was like damn, it must suck to be in that team. They’re just people like you and me. I am not an expert in this area, I’ll trust your word. I edited the comment. My guess was that Google has a knowledge graph thing and it’s been collecting people’s behavior for more than a decade. It's also their core business, for Apple, Siri is not. I think Airpods are an exception. Do you think hermetically sealed things like Pacemaker [0] should be repairable? I generally agree with you - I personally wish people weren't so afraid of screws and other cosmetic artifacts that allow things to be repairable. There is a general distaste from the public to make things sexy, clean and minimal. So manufacturers comply. Just look up a 1950's electric coffee grinder [1] - it will have visible screws without an apology. Or a Collins instrument in a airplane cockpit even today [2]. I blame the public , designers and the bean counters . Generally, engineers' job would be easy if things were repairable because assembly/disassembly is part of the requirements from the get go and there is no Jony Ive breathing down their necks to hide screw holes. There is a whole area of study of snap-fit components to reduce BOM cost and this is where the bean counters come in. [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNW3Xqtgkus [1] https://www.worthpoint.com/worthopedia/vintage-electric-coff... [2] https://www.aeroexpo.online/prod/collins-aerospace-rockwell-... You'll need to provide space for seals and gaskets, either reducing battery capacity or increasing size. I think if anything else, we shouldn't be attacking Airpods for their construction. There is bigger fish to fry like Macbooks, and often quoted along with Apple - John Deere and their tractors. I think this is generally true. We could go even further - the amount of Airpods vs. the amount of crap sold on Amazon for your kitchen, living room and bathroom is a few magnitudes more. Not saying we shouldn't strive, just providing some perpective how much impact Airpods has vs. the entire disposable culture we've created . Volume of plastic from Lego alone would eclipse everything Apple makes. Do you think we need to stop making Lego bricks? Not trying to be snarky, but there are some naunces that need to be hashed out. It is an expectation for a can opener to less than $7. With this kind of consumerism, you're barking at the wrong tree with the Airpods. Apple gets the dirty end of the stick - It is pretty juicy to hate Apple and people love it in some kind of a deep contemptful vengence. > In their defense, when you're constantly bombarded by companies rolling out the puffery claiming they are the biggest thing since sliced bread lol, touche. Apple's marketing dept needs to tone things down. I don't think it misses the mark. It is focusing on the low hanging fruit which is a smart thing to do. Apple does pretty good: https://www.apple.com/environment/pdf/Apple_Environmental_Pr... Where is Samsung's or Google's? Or Microsoft, GE, Lenovo, Amazon, HP, Huawei, Xiaomi? They have some similarities and many differences. I was just extending my argument to make a point that: 1) Can't increase the size 2) Ingress of fluids and weather sealing is a concern 3) Battery capacity > aesthetics/repairability > A simple, small, unpainted cinder block shack doesn't hide its materials, is made of raw concrete, but probably isn't brutalist. Neither is a brick victorian. > The idea that beautiful forms can come from purely functional design without needing to cover things up with baroque decoration is really a central theme. Huh? These two are contradictory statements. I recommend giving this a read, Architecture is where brutalism first sprung up: https://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/06/t-magazine/design/brutali... This is a really broad brush. Oracle DB will fail less often than a python open source utility with 10 stars on Github. It really depends on the scale of the project and how many people are contributing to it, and its momentum going forward - commercial or open-source. I've had MATLAB engineers fix a compiler bug in 2 hours while I was on the phone line with them . Sure, it costs my company $13k/year for the license but when you have a jet engine hoisted up for testing and its costing the company thousands of dollars of loss time, yep, commercial software or open-source software with solid support is a must. Proprietary software sometimes is quite good if not the best in class. There is no need to pick up pitch forks and large brushes to pain everything red. If nothing else, it shows how misguided, immature and closed-minded some of the GNU folks are. Most of the open source contributors are nice though, and I don't wish to ironically generalize everyone. That sounds great! Why can't both proprietary software and open source software co-exist? For startups and small companies, open source software is great. For large enterprises, the cost of the software is a vanishingly small % of the cost, and in fact they don't care as much - a lot of large enterprises are continuing to open source their own internal tools. MATLAB has over 2 dozen toolboxes, with insanely detailed documentation. We are actually very happy to have MATLAB and our engineers are trained to use it for decades. We gladly pay for it. It would be a massive undertaking to go GNU Octave even if it did everything MATLAB did. I think we are getting stuck in the weeds, the point is: We are engineers. Software is a tool to get the job done. There are many other packages that cannot compete with anything open source - ANSYS Mechanical for example. This is not true though. It really depends on the company and their philosophy, whether they are publicly traded or what their executive team is like. Good companies know how to invest into their products and make them world class. In my previous job, we used a wind turbine simulation package developed by 25 engineers and it was so great - they really cared and fixed things. It was $50k/seat/annual license but we were almost like 2 different teams under the same company. "You scratch my back, I scratch yours". There are also a lot of companies that have lock-ins and generally awful attitude towards their own products. This also exists in the open source world - there is a lot of awful open source code out there. I don’t mind paying for software I guess. So then what difference does it make? I am not going to fix the code myself anyways and visibility of the source code is irrelavant. It is like buying a hammer to nail some nails, I don't care the metallurgy of the hammer as far as it gets the job done. If it fails, I buy a better one. What a strange article. I am not a physicist but I know pop-culture QED/QCD (Feynman) and this article strikes me as: A) A load of bullshit buzzwords B) Title gore, should be just "Simulating QCD on a custom computer" or simply "Simulating QCD" C) They're trying to get some government funding or worse - VC funding. Please prove me wrong. This map doesn't bring anything new except for knowing when the next train will arrive. It does a poor job at that... the user has to guess when the train will arrive. This is completely missing the point. No one cares where the train is. They care when it will arrive. Whether it is in a bend, it is waiting or whatever is totally irrelevant. You need 2 things: 1) A map, whether digital or printed. 2) ETA time. Why are they spending all this time and energy for something that is useless and unnecessary? Hmm... This is not possible. The entire bay area has 1 Gbps capability offered by Comcast. More than anything, I find the language $ugly. Is that fair? No. Am I being unreasonable. Yes. Do I love PHP? Gross. I just have to live with it and go past the ugly syntax. It’s like an unhappy marriage. It’s just fine. Oh god. This site is be... How is it defensive to build island military bases in places where there were barely any islands, in the international waters, in the most lucrative trade routes in the world? How is it defensive to encroach Kashmir and provoke a conflict with India? Dispute borders with Vietnam and Bhutan? I got one and here it is in unedited form: https://pastebin.com/SKmBytXX We've seen ESP8266 and ESP32 succeed tremendously in the maker space. We've yet to see widespread adoption in commercial and professional applications - that's coming, but I am surprised why IP for bluetooth/wifi is so expensive outside of Chinese chip makers? ST, NXP, Microchip, Renesas, etc. have really expensive SoCs - $15/chip and over. These giants seem to be sleeping. What's preventing them from competing with the Chinese? Also, we have horrendous price gouging for memory. A mere 128k to 256k bump in memory spec on a microcontroller will send you back a $1.20 in chip price. Is there some CCP-gov subsidy going on to capture the market? Espressif's ESP32 is such an extraordinary chip with 500kb+ memory and yet, it is an order of magnitude cheaper than anything close from western suppliers. What gives? Please don't equate UX to a particular era. UX is how a thing works . That is a timeless quality. Anki UX just sucks. I agree. Even if it were year 2000, its UX is not great. Exactly, Pandoc chooses robustness over buggy half baked conversion. Swiss Army Knife is no good when you need to a debone a Tuna. Every tool on a Swiss Army Knife is sub-optimal. It's a terrible popular analogy in general. I’ve been a software engineer for many years. A lot of what I and my colleagues do is glue, sew and plumb things together. I’ve never had to write a crazy algorithm. Nor have I had to do any graph traversal. Or anything that impacts performance. For data analysis, pandas and numpy are plenty powerful. At no time in my career have I said “ditch all this because it’s too slow”. Perhaps others have, but I’m perfectly fine with Python. It’s a beautiful language with ability to hack into basically any part of the language. Batteries, flint, tent and a campsite included. My experience has been completely the opposite. Julia has been frustrating to work with. Most of the time I’m just waiting for precompilation of the packages. It’s unbelievable that the Julia core devs still haven’t addressed it. It is not fun by any means. Not even tolerable.