We should all hope they come up with something that's competitive. Even 80% of the performance for 50% of the price would be good enough. And this is because the last 3-4 Intel CPU generations have been simply not worth upgrading to. If some real competition from AMD shows up, things will change. It would be nice if you linked transcripts where available... Well, there's a reason I only ever buy NVidia video cards, even for AMD CPUs. I'm fine with AMD not being interested in Linux support, I'll just vote with my wallet. The iMac is "amazing" only if you don't do CPU intensive stuff with it. Otherwise it whirrrs and throttles down. Personally I care more about the whirrring than the thermal throttling, but it's not amusing to not get the CPU/GPU speed you paid for either. The Mac Pro is a video editing appliance ATM. What they don't have is a developer/hobbyist oriented desktop. And this will bite them in the ass long term, because they will lose mind share. I'm very close to switching back to Linux if they don't offer me a developer oriented Mac Pro in the next 1-2 years. Covered with the thin one that gets noisy when you compile, or with the super expensive one where half the price of the hardware doesn't help you with development? :) This is why I moved from Linux to OS X. However, dear Apple are getting me concerned about their future because: 1. The main innovation in the newest MBPros is... an Emoji keyboard accessory? Okay, that might actually be useful but: 2. Worse, said newest laptops have battery issues to which Apple responds by removing the battery ETA indicator? That was actually useful since I knew how much battery life I could rely on while doing the same task . 3. Since 2013, they don't have a desktop for desktop (not web) developers any more. Minis are too underpowered, iMacs are noisy under load and who knows how long they will last when kept heated the whole time, the Mac Pro is a video editing machine and little else. Right now I'm doing fine with a MBPro and a hackintosh, but if they keep making dubious decisions about the laptops and not offering a developer's desktop, I'll have to consider Linux again. It's not the issue's existence that's my cause for concern, it's Apple's reaction to it. They've always had some process that went runaway and ate most of the CPU for no reason. Just the name of the process changed across hardware and software versions. The problem is, now they're removing an useful indicator to swipe the current problem (and I'm sure a large amount of people do have it) under the rug. It's this decision that worries me, not that they botched something on this laptop generation. Yeah? Well you need to keep Activity Monitor on all the time to check what process is eating up your CPU for no reason anyway :) Indeed, Qt can actually look native (and use native controls where available) on all 3 platforms. Gtk, not so much. For some reason, Apple laptops are the only ones usable without a mouse. The trackpad simply sucks on anything else I've tried. Just like people are used to OSes that crash all the time, they're used to unusable trackpads. Sad. [quote] Graal & Truffle are a product of Oracle Labs, the part of the Java team which does VM and compiler research. [/quote] So if a language using this becomes successful, Oracle will hit you with an intellectual property lawsuit? Actually no, most open source licenses have no mention of patents. If you're smaller than Google, dealing with Oracle might be outside your budget. Safer not to. It's Oracle's general attitude. While not going anywhere near their products won't protect you from a patent lawsuit, it is some protection. They can't sneak in some commercial components and bill you later, for example. I bookmarked this comments page as reference for Trello alternatives in case Atlassian ruins it :) As a non-american, when I hear Lynchburg I do not think of lynching, but of Lynchburg Lemonade :) Reading "ElectronJS" is when i decided not to try this app. I don't need websites masquerading as desktop apps thank you. Microsoft has never been understandable. I tried to find an overview of dot net on their site, when dot net was at 1.x and was going to cure world hunger, but I wasn't able to understand what they meant by the '.net platform'. Gave up after an hour. You're doing it wrong. You should get Brave New World instead. Yeah, second hand story (as in, personal friends are working with Qt/C++/QML, i've fortunately only used Qt/C++) is that QML mostly gets in the way. It's limited and buggy. Just do everything natively, Qt is truly cross platform and you won't have trouble. [quote] I also had to refactor some parts due to Android not liking slots in one thread and signal emitter in another. [/quote] Ouch? Worry free passing of signals/slots between threads is a feature of desktop Qt that I use and abuse all the time. I've even done a GUI-less daemon that used QtCore and abused signals/slots to communicate between threads. You mean it doesn't work on the mobile versions? Speaking of NUCs, are there any that are (a) quiet at load (b) have the PSU integrated in the case? Those are about the only redeeming qualities of a Mac Mini right now, and it pisses me off to no end that no one bothers with (b) on the Wintel side. Edit: please don't explain to me how a power brick that's sometimes as large as the NUC doesn't bother you, it does bother me. I think it's sold mainly to companies that want a cheap machine for iOS development. Hackers are more likely to build themselves a hackintosh and triple boot. Yeah, except Apple manages to come close so it's possible :) Give credit where credit is due. Well, I've checked the current offerings and I can't find any that doesn't have "19 V DC" as the power supply description. I guess I'm statistically irrelevant in their market. :) Getting further off topic, the only other piece of hardware I know of where they bother is the Playstation. The XBoxes use ugly power bricks, just like the Wintel boxes. Or "besides Netflix's own shows, there's nothing worth watching on Netflix any more". Except in some places where Netflix doesn't even have all their original content lol. Hmm. If i look at the slides, the article should be renamed "gstreamer, and some stuff browsers on all platforms do, are insecure"? Is it easier to change your media player on Linux, or to trust Microsoft? Say, does a default Windows install still enable 20 networked services that don't belong on a home computer and can be exploited without the user downloading anything? Video? What happened to good old fashioned text? I can read 10x faster than you can talk... Where is it? The PDF has some slides, not actual text, and the LWN article is also just a summary. Assuming no new 0-day... so there are still services open to the internet by default on a fresh install eh? Supplementary question: which of those "talks worth watching" have a transcript? - Most jokes are plausible, and pretty good. - If you believe the CIA had anything to do with this document, I have a bridge in San Francisco I'd like to sell you... Isn't a H-1B a form of indentured servitude? As in, if you change jobs you lose your visa? If yes, you don't get the competent ones but the cheap ones who have no choice. The good ones work on their terms for whomever they please. Edit: combine that with kls's answer about incentives, and you see why this visa system isn't quite working. Well, for some reason nobody's complaining about Western Europe immigrants taking US jobs... I stopped at "Face-to-face meetings are most efficient (examples include Reddit & Yahoo banning remote work)". If you're giving Yahoo under Marissa Mayer as an example of good management, your company was doomed from the start. If you research her you'll notice that all the stuff about burnout being a myth and being able to do great work by sleeping at work under your desk somehow stopped applying to her when she got to be management :) However, those times are rare and 98% of a remote team's communication needs are best done in text only asynchronous mode. Incidentally, this is a good way for people to actually take phone/voice calls seriously - when they're rare, it really means it's important. Water cooler conversations are for getting raises/promotions. That's why if you want to work remotely, it's best to do it in an all remote setup that's fair to everyone. I can't help but notice that all the article talks about is Delphi versions up to 6... which is where it started to go downhill. Are recent versions of Delphi actually usable? I haven't tried anything beyond 8, and from my (admittedly rusty) experience the best version was 6. The guy you're replying to looks like he wants 144 fps on 4K. Which is prolly not doable with current hardware. More importantly for some, it's a 95W AMD part vs a 140W Intel part. If the power delta stays the same even for mainstream parts, does this mean AMD will become a good quiet option too? By quiet I mean "I can't hear it at night" not "I can't hear it over the music". Edit: Also, I think data centers these days are limited in density by power delivery and cooling. Even a 25W delta adds up when you're talking about thousands of servers. Actually it very much depends on what kind of fan cools the radiator. You're using that liquid loop just to move the heat from the CPU to somewhere else. That somewhere else is generally a large radiator with a quiet fan, but not always. Anyone building their own silent pc should hang a bit on silentpcreview before they buy anything. Speaking of Slack, what's an alternative with a different pricing model? We have a core team that's always around, and for that Slack pricing is fine, but we have a significant number of "drive by" users that aren't worth paying $60 per year. We're generally happy with Slack's features, so which are the similar services that charge something different than per-user? Out of pure curiosity, what does this mean in english? [quote] iMac (built in monitor)[/quote] It's not the built in monitor that's the problem, is the overheating with the assorted noise and possibly thermal throttling if you use it for something that actually maxes out the CPU/GPU. Well, and the lack of expandability. While the portable MacBook Pro equivalents are about the same thing (look at Dell XPS 13 pricing), Apple right now has nothing for developers/power users on the desktop side. Except the GPUs were crap even on release. And there are like 3 applications that can use both? So unless you were in that niche, you'd end up paying a ton of money for two dubious GPUs of which you could only use one. You can't even hackintosh a Mac with a decent GPU any more, since NVidia hasn't put out drivers for their 1xxx cards for OS X. If they are, they're not telling. In theory the nvidia out-of-os x drivers are for people using their cards on the pre trashcan Mac Pros. In practice they allow you to make yourself a decent hackintosh desktop. Or used to. Maybe the 1xxx cards don't work on the old Mac Pros, in which case i don't think nvidia can justify continuing putting out those drivers. Who would this hurt? Apple. Very slowly though. Most people running hackintoshes are opinion leaders wrt to tech stuff, and when they switch to Linux or Windows, Apple will lose more mind share. http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MoralMyopia Incidentally, recovering a google account password from a phone, when you have access to said phone but haven't given them the phone number, doesn't work. I kept being told that google will send a token to the phone, and got a dialog saying 'do you want to log in?', i pressed yes, and nothing good happened. Fortunately it was a test phone with a throwaway google account - otherwise i'd have known the password. Rofl. Just like the shooter picked on the indians thinking they're arabs. If you're trying to prove that americans have no idea there is a world outside their borders, you're succeeding wonderfully. Yeah but a good bunch of the pre-trashcan Mac Pros are still in service. And those do take PCI Express cards. Apparently NVidia felt it's a market worth serving, since you can still get Sierra drivers from them for anything before the 1xxx series. Okay, the drivers are labeled "for Quadro", but they support basically everything. I don't need an article full of statistics to tell me the endorsements are useless; everyone I know who has endorsed me only did it in the hope that that box with 'endorse your friends' will disappear off their Linkedin. Little historical fact, Microsoft nicked Andreas Hejlsberg, the creator of the Borland flavor of Pascal (starting from the Turbo Pascal days), and had him architect C#. So if you trust microsoft, or you're doing boring bussiness software where you don't care about anything but the paycheck, C# may be an improvement. Ideally, you want to have the filler on the side opposed to the majority of cars in your area. This way you're less likely to wait in line to refill. When there's a real queue, all bets are off indeed. In semi busy situations though (say 1-2 cars at each pump), i stand by my statement. If the 6C/8T and 4C/8T parts will launch at the same frequency as the high end (and i've read that at least for the 6C they will) we'll end up with a CPU that is as fast as the 1800X in games (which is good enough no matter what the 120 fps enthusiasts say) but this time is cheaper than the 7700K. That will be the sweet spot for just gaming performance, not these ones. Your standard Intel is running a 64 bit instruction set designed by umm... AMD. Perhaps you'd like to restrict yourself to 32 bit software just to be standards conformant? The problem with google chat services is... will they last more than 6 months? Considering how many changes Hangouts went through, do I even want to waste time on evaluate its current incarnation? Is disrupting a large team when google inevitably change their minds worth "free" ? It may be a privilege, but in this case my reading Hacker News is a privilege for them , and not their right. And I want to know what stories are manually suppressed in order to decide if i still grant them that privilege. Also, check out Tim Berner Lee's article about the internet being hijacked by the likes of Facebook and Google in order to understand why your 'I am grateful for the privilege' attitude is wrong... Edit: argh, I attached this to the wrong post. I was responding to paulpauper of course. The trick is to ignore OS updates after the initial setup, until you absolutely need a newer version or at least 6 months have passed and you can reserve a day for troubleshooting. Of course, it helps if you have a macbook pro in addition to your desktop; you can check out the new stuff on the genuine apple machine, and maybe get away with postponing updates on your desktop even more. Problem is, you can either spend the same and do more, or spend less and do the same, if you have support for a newer generation of cards. Not to mention that if you're into silent computers (not being able to hear the fans when gaming because of the game noise doesn't qualify as silent in my book) newer nvidia cards are much better. Problem is, Apple doesn't have anything for power users or developers right now. I'm currently hackintoshing, but with every "dumb it down" decision (like remove the battery life time estimation), hardware mishap (LG monitors not working near wifi, come on) or new hardware announcement that still doesn't serve my demographic i wonder if i shouldn't just switch back to Linux. I used to say that their laptops are fine, and it's only the desktop where i need to hackintosh, but ... touch typing hostile emoji keyboard? For the record, I've been using Linux as my main OS for 10 years when I finally decided to switch to OS X about 4 years ago. I have no problem switching back if Apple stops offering me enough flexibility. After all, you don't need to recompile your kernel to install drivers any more :) First, you're defending the laptop, not the desktops. The laptops are still almost okay. Now for some point answers... > The battery time (I think you mistyped "life time") estimation was dumb, never accurate or consistent, and people don't mind the lack of it on billions of other mobile devices anyway. It was accurate as long as you kept doing the same task . For example, I knew how much longer a gaming session or a long build could last on battery. But this is laptop stuff and the original article and my whining is about desktops. > Re: the LG shielding mishap, you're blaming Apple for a completely different company's product, okay. A completely different company's product that is the only solution that makes use of the emoji mbpro's features, is sold and promoted a lot by Apple, and thus endorsed by them on their web site. > Which demographic and what do you require? Independent dev working from home. Running two VMs simultaneously at times, and also using the same computer for entertainment, namely gaming. Working on compiled software, not scp-ing stuff to a server for web development, so I actually need CPU power. I could almost use the trash can, except they want me to pay for two slow video cards that are for some reason labeled "pro". Put in it a nvidia 1050+ and I'll buy it, although I'll be a bit space challenged. Some source trees take a lot of space. I'll even pay extra for the Xeon and ECC ram i don't really need, but give me a video card i can game on. Before you ask, no, the iMac is not a dev's computer. It thermally throttles if you actually use the CPU, and makes laptop-like noise when compiling. No thank you. I've heard even the trash can throttles, and i blame the "pro" video cards. > touch typing hostile emoji keyboard? What you read exactly. Please explain how you touch type on the touch screen that replaced the F keys and how it is useful to me when I, like anyone who works a lot with the keyboard, have memorized every shortcut I use. It's mostly good for emoji in instant messaging, and I don't use that either. Another one that defends the laptops when the original article is about a Mac Pro replacement :) > Can display at-a-glance status such as time, battery etc. You look at the keyboard when you type? Not my demographic then, i type too much for that. It's probably fine for you. > All of the over-a-dozen developers/tech-oriented people that -I- know prefer the 2016 MBPs to everything else. They've also outsold all other competitors in just a single month. You don't know any developers working on compiled software. And the mbpros outsell everything not because they don't annoy people, but because there's almost no alternative. Perhaps the Dell Developer Edition laptops, but Apple would have to piss me off more than they have so far for me to try a Dell instead. And again, the article - and my OP - are from people who need a powerful desktop for work. > I do. I expect your next response will impose qualifiers on "developers" and "compiled software." > I used to say that their laptops are fine > My experience is that their laptops are still more than fine enough for power users and developers. Well, [part 1] I don't use xcode, i touch type [part 2] and a lot of the stuff i work on involves looong builds and/or going through a few VMs. I also HATE fan noise and I work from home in a quiet room. Part 1 disqualifies the emoji keyboard, part 2 disqualifies anything with laptop-like internals, namely the laptops and the iMacs. I hope that's enough qualifiers :) > Why do you keep saying this? The Touch Bar replaces the FN keys, not the keyboard. I use those keys. Without looking down. > Which computer do you use? Is it a desktop without any fans? Let's say I build my systems according to the advice on silentpcreview.com. Apple laptops on full load may be quiet for a laptop, but they have nothing on a custom built desktop. Isn't Vulkan AMD only though? The real prank here is obviously getting a friend to use Eclipse. I'm not sure you'll ever be forgiven. HN could use a "funny" upvote option... Pray tell, sir, have you heard of the Qt library? There is a whole world outside Javascript :) I've written low level GUI components for several UI frameworks before, thank you very much. It's not that bad and a lot smoother for the end user. The real problem is this new generation of "developers" that only know Javascript. When all you have is a hammer... Caution for the OP considering using it with a Mac Mini: there are no nvidia OS X drivers for the 1050Ti. You're stuck with 9xx or earlier cards. And TBH, if you want this solution to boost a desktop computer, you're better off just building a Hackintosh. It may make some sense for a laptop, but i think it's still cheaper to build a separate gaming computer. I don't know about you, but I used to dual boot and i still have the Windows installation on my Hackintosh (which is beefy enough to handle gaming. Hint: don't buy the gaming hardware and try to make OS X run on it, buy hardware that works well in a hackintosh and is good enough for games instead.). In time though, I simply stopped playing the games that required me to reboot and now I only get stuff that runs on OS X. Of course, it's easier if you have a very strong dislike for the current AAA games. I stopped touching anything from EA/Ubisoft long before i stopped rebooting for gaming. The actual game site looks slashdotted... well, HN-ed... Well, the SSL cert having expired 135 days ago should have been a hint - which i ignored ofc. That's new. Initially she was saying she doesn't believe in burnout, and if you're 'strategic' about showers, you can sleep under your desk and work 130 hour weeks. Random reference: http://www.thegrindstone.com/2013/01/22/mentors/becoming-mar... I liked the clickbait title, why did it get changed to something more neutral :( Intellectual property is complicated - there must be some patent that Apple would infringe anyway. Perhaps the one on breathing... Hmm what's more important is that mobile has overtaken the desktop. If you add Android and iOS you get 51.09%. If your site doesn't work well on mobiles, it's high time you fixed it. * Touchpad support. I think most people who haven't used an Apple laptop extensively are not aware that the touchpad actually works, and you do not need to carry an external mouse to use the device comfortably. Macs (maybe with the exception of a Mac Pro) are only silent at idle, not in full load. By my definition of 'silent' at least. If you can't hear the system while gaming because you use headphones, sorry, it's not silent. If you just randomly build a beige box hackintosh, it will be noisy. If you spend some quality time on silentpcreview, you can get one that is silent even under load. I know, I have one. Still, I'd very much like to get a decent Mac Pro instead. Devil's in the details, let's wait and see. My hackintosh isn't becoming obsolete any time soon. I'm not sure it's the hackintosh... now and then I hear a lot of complaints about a particular version of xcode even on native macs. I don't use it, but I have work colleagues who do. You could improve it further - on every ls spin up several hadoop instances to do your map/reduce to process the output! Timeless reference: https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2001/04/21/dont-let-architect... "I think there is a world market for maybe five computers". The site linked to looks like shit. Don't know about the whole web. It's not that your majority likes the touch bar and doesn't use VI. It's that the influential developers who can work on whatever they want, or are trusted to pick platforms, will switch away from Macs. And that will be trouble in the long term. No current Mac, with the possible exception of the trashcan, can do the "quite a bit" that a pro user needs without spinning up a fan. Keep any of them at 100% CPU for 5+ minutes and see for yourself. Of course I use bookmarks. Not for sites i visit regularly, the browser takes care of that, but for reference articles I'll need later. I just use per-subject folders, nothing fancy. Well, the main question is still "why oh why?". It's not like Microsoft can't afford to pay developers to do something native. Also, calling it Visual Studio is very deceptive. Most devs know VS to mean something completely different. That's correct, I was talking about Microsoft. This is not a technical reason, but MySQL is now owned by Oracle, which carries a whole host of risks if you're a small fry. A technical comparison should be done between MariaDB and Postgres if you ask me... I don't get why all this chat is about software, licensing and software safety. The way I read it, a farmer can't change even, say, a brake pad (or whatever tractors use) without authorization from John Deere. I very strongly doubt that they want to mess with the software, they just want to perform minor maintenance themselves. You're quoting the dealer now. Not exactly the most reliable source. There was another article about this a few days ago (it's linked somewhere in one of the comments) and the basic description was "can't do any repairs in place" not "i want to overclock my engine". Even worse ;) Stupid clickbait article. Please edit title to "Minecraft to sell mods". Except you'll replace Google with another Google... This one's funny: "I don't know how old you are, but I'll date myself. Back in the old days of PC gaming, it didn't really matter what kind of CPU you had because everything out there was graphics card bottlenecked." He means he's too young to have caught the era where games on PCs didn't have 3d acceleration? Or even 3d for that matter... Oh yeah, i remember visiting a richer friend who had a soundblaster until my parents bought me a sound card... You're mixing eras a bit, I'm pretty sure windows 95 and up required a 386. It's not only languages. I used to check my weather at weather.com, but they decided to give me weather by default based on my IP address. They remember what locations I checked before, but they don't care and give me the geolocation result first. Guess what, they're getting the country right, but they're a couple hundred kilometers off, which makes the weather information useless. And back to the article topic, I'm in the camp that absolutely hates localized software. Translations are a lot more verbose than English and/or simply sound ridiculous. Please keep your site in English when you present it to me. While the content is spot on, I disagree about the title - it's more of an introduction than an 'all about'. You understand it best if you already know how to (not) use java.util.Date... Hmm the bt/wifi module is interesting, though expensive. If you go for a random off the shelf bt it's going to be a lot of trouble, if this is the original it will save a lot of hassle. The striped sata ssds are overkill though. Same for the mirrored spinny disks, raid is not backup and you're better off with time machine to an external disk or one of the online backup services. Just another data point: I've used Linux as my main desktop from about 1999 to 2008. I'm familiar with installing it from 80 floppies (before anyone points it out, that was before 1999, more like 1994) and recompiling I moved to OS X because I want a desktop that actually works. I have several Linux VMs - one per project - which I use mostly from the command line. At the moment, OS X and iOS are the least annoying desktop and mobile operating systems. Note that I said least annoying. They all suck in different ways and I wouldn't use OS X as a server. I also think Apple has no idea how to do online services; for example I don't use iCloud for anything. Still, the operating systems beat the alternatives. Only problem is, you have to use OS X for a few months to realize how much invisible polish has been put in. I first bought a MacBook, and it took me a year or more to decide to switch my desktop to a Hackintosh as well. Ubuntu tried to make a decent desktop with Unity and failed. Unity was the trigger for me for switching to OS X. The problem was, they need to put a LOT of polish in to reach OS X levels of usability, and they didn't look like they were doing that, they had some nebulous dreams of making a unified mobile/desktop interface instead. There isn't anything in particular I'd suggest to them, because they need improvements just about everywhere. Say, is the network manager actually usable these days? When I switched it was easier to just disable it and move along. And the main elephant in the Linux room right now is systemd. Low level Linux is basically being taken over by an incompetent developer who doesn't understand the Unix philosophy of software design and can't deliver working software anyway. He's the author of the abomination called pulseaudio - back then it was required to uninstall/disable it to have sound again. Now, software written by him is becoming a dependency of almost everything - he is trying to replace all the Linux infrastructure layer with his ideas. Sorry, I see no reason to take a look at Linux on the desktop again. Yeah but if i manage to find your dongle anywhere, are you sure it hasn't been updated to have a different chip inside? That's the common problem with usb dongles for bt or wifi. I have a VM of it. Unity is still as annoying as it was in 2008. No, I'm afraid I stopped caring about what Microsoft does long ago. I have a Windows 7 install on my desktop, but it only has games on it and I almost never boot it any more. Unfortunately I am cursed with a long memory and I keep grudges forever, and I'm old enough to remember the old Microsoft with the patent threats against Linux and the illegal monopoly abuse practices. I mean design, not performance... I know, I've used Ubuntu since it was out. I was very happy that I get a polished Debian. Until they dropped KDE from the mainline and started putting all their resources in Unity... The home user problem is the GPUs in iMacs are shit for gaming. The work user problem is the iMac isn't designed for 100% CPU usage for extended amounts of time. I work from home as a consultant, so I have both problems :) Thus, hackintosh... Pray tell, what "polish" is contributed by systemd's binary logs that get lost in case of a crash? Unix philosophy aside, Pottering can't be trusted to provide working software... I clicked the article thinking that Go pointers are something special... but this seems targeted at the "programmers" who only know javascript... Yeah, that's why we have chat programs taking 5-10% of the CPU when idle and in the background. The developers worked "closer to the problem domain". We all do... but IMO it's better to start with BASIC than Javascript... Oh, but they started the "intellectual property" threats way before Android was even an internal alpha. Isn't he working for an US company which contracts to DHL? And isn't said company pushing him because US labor laws let it get away with it? Speaking of sanity, I've heard that somewhere under these hundreds of layers of libraries that you're supposed to mindlessly install there is a "native" javascript API inside the browser. Is there any comprehensive documentation resource online or offline that teaches you how to use that in a modern browser? No thanks. If video conferencing starts to work, my customers will start to ask for it. And the loss of productivity will dwarf the annual spending on business trips. You executives can go on and fly, don't ruin work for everybody else. I really don't see what the article's accelerationism has to do with the notion as used in Lord of Light. In spite of the Hindu religion references, that is definitely not a philosophy/politics book. It is Zelazny's best book in my opinion, and you can read it - it has little to nothing to do with the Guardian's article. Funny, I thought Diet Coke tastes like plastic. I'd rather drink less of the normal than experience the 'diet' taste. Someone please change the title to "15-question python programming quiz". Or python and js? I stopped at the 2nd python "trick" question. Also, remove the "generalist" reference. Generalist those questions aren't. It was their 'generalist' statement that made me quit. As far as i know, systemd is creeping in as a dependency of a lot of unrelated packages - even UI packages. So you can have a Debian that doesn't run systemd, perhaps, but not a Debian that doesn't depend on bits of pieces of the systemd OS any more. Is it me, or the pricing per page view isn't displayed anywhere in the overview? Of course, if i click on the links to the actual enrolled sites i get 'this service is not available in your country' so it may be there. Funny enough, all examples of successful visual tools in this conversation are domain specific (yes, even UI builders are domain specific). The ones mentioned in the 'it's unusable' category are the ones trying to do everything. That should answer the OPs question better than any specific answer... To be honest, I blame Unicode. Why allow different representations for the same character, and then provide a normalized form anyway, except it's not one normalized form but several? Sounds like job security to me. I don't remember those having multiple representations for the same character in the same encoding or normal forms... Well, composed characters may or may not have been a good idea, although they're a pain for text search if you ask me. But why oh why did they have to specify FOUR normalization forms? Ref: http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr15/#Norm_Forms Besides battery life, Chrome on the Mac prevents sleep indefinitely sometimes. If you check with pmset -g assertions, you'll see Chrome saying "WebRTC has active PeerConnections". No thanks Google, you shouldn't get to decide when my PC goes into sleep mode. I really hope Safari is better than that... Edit: just as i'm typing this, Chrome has: pid 19325(Google Chrome): [0x001ccbbb00018b19] 01:55:40 NoIdleSleepAssertion named: "WebRTC has active PeerConnections" 2 hours for... what? I have no idea which page is guilty. It's the main Chrome process, I killed it and all Chrome windows were gone :) And i wouldn't call it a leak, you need to do extra work to prevent the system from sleeping, so someone did this intentionally. Oh well, since I had to close Chrome last evening to my computer will sleep, today I opened Safari as my main browser instead. Google annoys too much lately. I've seen 6 hour wake locks as well. From Chrome. Even if it's a leak, why 6 hours? Pretty simple: you use spaces because you're aware that there is more than one IDE/editor in this world and who knows what your code will get opened with tomorrow. This means you consider consequences beyond "but it works on my machine" so you're a better programmer. Ergo, higher salary. They might be configured differently, and you usually can't align stuff properly using just tabs, you have to use a space or three somewhere. Also, you never know if it's spaces, tabs or a combination of them in existing code - which you may have not written yourself. So in the long run, the indentation WILL get fucked up and you WILL miss something when fixing a bug in code that you or someone else wrote 6 months ago. And your 10 minute bug fix will take 3 hours. Multiply both values by a constant factor as necessary. It's simply not worth the trouble. Actually they all boil down to 'someone else, or another IDE that you haven't configured just right, will mess your tabs and make the code hard to read' :) They're fine for solo projects i guess, if you only ever use one editor. Edit: Also, in the long run the best thing you can do to your code is to make it easily readable. You will forget what you did. Not to mention your colleagues that have never seen it. So time spent aligning parameters to make code more readable is well spent, if you ask me. Sir, you're no fun. Too bad that you can't order one pre built. I'm not competent enough to solder that. I'm assuming that besides it being waterproof, it's also fireproof? That would make it interesting. Other than that, limestone isn't renewable while trees are so... All you need is a little self discipline, not a special app. Turn off notifications, check your messages when you're taking a break, do not attempt to chat real time. The only actually useful feature of this app seems to be that it's thread oriented, but you can mitigate that with enough irc (okay, Slack these days) channels as well. One time pads (with good randomness) delivered by armed couriers. Sorry for the non technical answer ;) They missed the most important piece of information about this: How the hell do I turn it off in all my browsers? After gaining a bit of experience programming, I've developed for myself the following rule: If I feel particularly smart and proud after writing a piece of code, I look at it again and remove some smartness in favour of readability. Unless it's absolutely performance critical, in which case I try to comment the hell out of what's going on. IMO don't generalize unless you find out later you need the same algorithm somewhere else. Otherwise, just leave the specific version in and stick some info in the comments (like a link to the high level description of the algorithm, if it's a common one that has a name, plus some pointers to your specifics). But they don't have a desktop version. Their so called native apps are html in a browser. "Subscribe to our newsletter" popup that takes forever to load and locks up the page on load. Insta closed. The two small boxes containing one CPU each instead of the large case seem to be the actual retail packaging though. Or so Tom's Hardware's unboxing says. Hmm. In a field like software development, where the good people work wherever they want, this means they will lose their best staff. Time to take a look at current desktop Linux again :) Do they? I don't think the OP (or me, for that matter) is looking for documentation telling him where to click in the UI. The article seems to be about more low level stuff. If you want to be treated equally you have to join an organization where the majority of workers are remote. Otherwise you run into crap like "make yourself available all the time". If you're the only remote employee, the OPs advice is pretty good, but I'd add "look for a real remote company" to it. Also... video chat? What's it for? In a remote context you get those very useful text based communication tools that come with automatic logging so you can reference stuff later, and you want to do video chats instead? This is work not dating, how about clear written statements instead of cues? :) Edit: I suppose that if your only socialization is with co workers, you need those video chats and stuff. In that case I suggest going out and meeting friends once in a while. Well the article is from 2010, which was just the beginning of the GPU boom, and does not mention GPUs at all... The way I read systemd news, it's not worth analyzing it because Poettering will say 'won't fix' or 'working as intended'. The industry may develop a migration strategy immediately, but the Oracle lawsuits will stay. And very few organizations can afford a Oracle lawsuit. Yep. Two iPads for 3 family members here. It's enough, but you have to remember on which one you left your stuff. If it could seamlessly recognize who picked up the tablet and switch to their stuff, no matter what ipad it was originally on, that would be magic. I wouldn't even mind having a sync server in the house (a desktop mac, maybe) to help with that. The way I see it, they abused their position in the CSM for in game advantages. When one random player betrays another, that's fine. This wouldn't have happened if they weren't on the CSM though, which is something out of game. They should be permanently banned from both the game and their CSM positions instead of being made heroes. Article says they were both CSM members and that the turning happened due to face to face conversations while they were in Iceland on CCP's dime. Would they have been on friendly enough terms to pull this off if they weren't meeting regularly due to being on the CSM? I don't think so... Fanfest is one thing, regular meetings in a small group that not any player can get on is another... That would remove any way that you had to run a server on your home machines - trade one freedom for another? And remember, the SE is phone sized while all the other decent (specced) phones are tablet sized :) It's an optional extra just about anywhere, but most routers have dyndns or some equivalent built in these days, and besides your address changes so seldom that you can run a server for a small group by just telling them the new IP when it changes. He does say "middleware" a couple hundred times in the article. Most of his sales advice doesn't apply to off the shelf consumer software. Doesn't mean the article doesn't look insightful though. The OP may be talking about the bundles that have "pay what you want, get 3 titles, pay more than the average, get 3 more etc". Which is not exactly pay what you want. Especially since "pay more than the average" will actually bring the average up across the life of the bundle. I used to pay significantly more than the average for a bundle when they were new and truly pay what you want. Now I happily get the lower tier of games for $1. If I bother. Hmm don't you have to pay to access the full newspaper? How does that mix with Tor anonymity? Ah right - i was thinking of hiding from the US government, which can get the identity of subscribers directly from NYT. I forgot there are other governments too... shame, I'm not even from the US. Unreadable. Too bad, the title seemed interesting. Also, sound? This privacy invasion is a two edged sword too. Google is getting very good at searching for stuff you use daily, especially if it's gaming or some other media in fashion. However, it's becoming useless for infrequent searches. Try googling any random error message and notice 90% of the results don't even contain it. Dude, you're treating it like a bug. It's not. It's intentional behaviour that started 2-3 years ago. Instead of giving you just the formerly relevant results, they give you all kinds of crap that they think you are interested in. You can still revert to the original behaviour by selecting 'Verbatim' from the search tools menu, but you cannot make it default. And in time I'm sure some marketing head will remove even that option. Edit: and if you never experience it, my guess is you're working with some technology that's "in fashion". I get the rant about font sizes and i agree with it, however the OP should keep in mind that displays are of wildly varying sizes and aspect ratios, and physical measurements don't really help much. For example, I'd rather have the 5 inch box be 3 inches on a 7" tablet, and 5 inch on my 24" monitor. If you go the path of pretty design with typographical conventions you end up with those web pages that show 2 lines of text on mobiles and take up 15% of your screen on a 30" monitor. Very interesting. We tell you that google's invasion of privacy is polluting search results, and you keep telling us there are ways around it. Why should we have to work around it? I never turn off javascript. It's still unreadable. Are you using a phone? Some posters were saying it made sense there. Do you also remember that the Word that you installed from 10 floppies was a lot more responsive than the Word you subscribe to now? You are saying hardware is a lot faster now. And you are correct. What he is saying is that applications are a lot slower, in spite of the faster hardware. And he is also correct. He/she/it hasn't heard of 1920x1200 :) All those devices are 16:9 i think? My monitor, for example. Or do you only design for phones? I'm afraid I'll close your sites sight unseen if you do them that way. That only goes if you're willing to fight the firmware all the time. Bonus, crap colours if it's a cheap TV. Doesn't matter for programming, but if you occasionally do anything else besides shuffling text around... I'm not current, so please enlighten me: Is "deep learning" just a new buzzword for neural networks, or is there something extra? So I said until i had an older cheap monitor and an IPS monitor side by side ;) Tech specs are an easy way to compare stuff, but they don't always say everything. Funny enough, the linked site praises the Guardian's approach then hits me with a popup to subscribe to their newsletter... I wonder if it has some "convenient" extensions to the ssh protocol that will only be available on Windows... At least they can't afford intentional incompatibilities in this case. Congrats, you just have wasted 26 minutes of your life. I thought Troy Hunt knew how to write? Unfortunately I am somewhat older and I am cursed with a very good memory. The behaviour I describe in the OP used to be the standard for Microsoft. Feel free to audit the source code if you want, I'm not using Windows any more so I don't really care. So what are the next movie franchises to get Disney-ized, like they did to Star Wars? All the super hero stuff, I get, but that's not the only thing that 21st Century makes is it? Will that help them reduce the heat and noise in their HDDs? I just replaced a WD Black with a same tier Seagate and I finally don't hear seek noise any more... This is just a marketing announcement. Possibly they ran out of ways to improve their products? I'd say income - even marijuana is expensive, not to mention the strong drugs - and the availability of decent booze for cheap. Decisions decisions... do I wait for the people at GoG to pack Phantasmagoria with ScummVM for Mac or do I do it myself? You can write more efficient C(++) if you know assembly, even if you don't write anything in assembly. You can write more efficient python if you know C(++) and the various tradeoffs between data structures, even if you don't write any C++ and don't do any data structure by hand in the current project. ... You can use an ORM more efficiently if you know SQL. Same thing isn't it? That assumes the ORM doesn't completely get in the way, of course. Pray tell, what's a "rape kit"? I assume it's not a kit that makes raping someone easier... Sensitive much? When a commercial service that's not widely known is mentioned without an explanation of what it is everyone complains. I still don't see why I'm supposed to know what that thing is, since I'm neither police nor a rapist. Are there any actually secure ip cameras? Somehow I don't think this is a badge of honor for the "romanian hackers". They probably just scanned for default passwords and known vulnerabilities. Who said it's not hacking? However, it's on the "unskilled labor" side of hacking. TL;DR: a Hackintosh isn't good for his use case. He's actually one of the few remaining categories that Apple is specifically targeting. Item one: He tried to use an AMD video card. That's mistake #1 right there. In spite of AMD being the default OS X graphics, it's a royal pain to make an off the shelf card work in a hackintosh, while nvidia just works. Check the 'why not AMD cards' thread on tonymac... Item two: he seems to want the advanced graphics capabilities that are still a good reason to buy a genuine mac in the first place. Better to buy a real Mac in this case. Item three: he hasn't hand built a PC in 20 years. And since he's doing video work, he's probably not very technical either. If you're familiar with messing with a unix-like operating system at a lower level, it's fairly easy to fix all those little problems. Now if you're a programmer doing native code, I'd still recommend doing a hackintosh; Apple has no hardware for you, so you might as well roll your own. For desktops, that is. Also get an apple made macbook pro for portability. Maybe the one without the emoji keyboard though. Thermal issues, they're not designed for 100% CPU usage for long periods. They may throttle and not catch fire, but they're also noisy at 100% CPU because they have a laptop cooling system. Please don't tell me about the redesigned cooling system on the new iMac Pro unless it's been proven to remain silent while, for example, building Qt from source. Lack of storage. For my use case at least, which involves a lot of VMs and large source trees. Please don't suggest external storage boxes. Shit video card for taking gaming breaks ;) Or the monitor is too big for the video card, I'm not sure. Please don't suggest a separate gaming PC, considering how much Macs cost they'd better play games well. > I do not recommend using a hackintosh if it pays your bills. It will eventually break and there might not be a fix. Or do it like me, I have a hackintosh but also a genuine macbook pro - which i need anyway because a desktop hackintosh isn't portable. If the hackintosh acts up, I have the laptop to keep me in business while i figure out a solution. Not at all, I'm describing my use case. And to add another example, a friend of mine is working on a 5K iMac (non pro) on a normal-ish desktop application. He has to use external storage for testing, because the application has to manage large document libraries that don't fit on his internal SSD. Also, he's always mentioning that the iMac gets noisy when he's doing a build. I'm a (sort of independent) software developer, and a Mac enables me to do software on the 3 major desktop platforms and both major mobile platforms on the same machine. It's a no brainer really. I can make it run on whatever the customer wants. And Apple used to have a system that fit the bill pretty well - the pre trashcan Mac Pro. If the promised expandable Mac Pro comes out and they don't make it unusable for one dumb reason or another, I may abandon hackintoshes. > I've now got a 80% working setup after carefully choosing compatible components (including a Z97 Asus mobo, an insanely fiddly to get working Thunderbolt card, and a custom PCI card with original Apple chips for BT/Wifi) Careful what you wish for. I have no Thunderbolt and no wifi on the desktop (it's immovable so I use a network cable). I would never try to get TB working on a hackintosh. Nor iMessage/FaceTime. For those I have a Macbook Pro. Audio works out of the box. All USB ports but one work out of the box. Sleep works out of the box. You're saying you bought a Z97 Asus mobo. You bought one that you liked just because it had a chipset that usually works, or a specific board known to work 100% from tonymac's compatibility list? If you had to patch kexts, i think it's the former not the latter. And High Sierra... I don't have that even on my laptop yet. Waiting for a few more patches. After it works fine on my laptop I'll consider upgrading the hackintosh. And yes, I switched to OS X after 10 years of Linux as my primary OS. I've installed Slackware from 80 floppies and hand compiled my kernels because back then it was the only way to get the right drivers in. I still make a lot of my money by doing custom ARM linuxes for various devices. On VMs on OS X :) That's about where I stopped reading. > The AME version kicked in the fans on the iMac. Interesting... so they're noticeable. Anyone around who has (access to) an iMac Pro and can comment on the fan noise? Ah you're right. Wasn't the Pro. But my question still stands. There are some that seem to work like that. And then their site is a tiny thing lost in the middle of your 24" monitor... :) You.cannot.win! For some definition of 'newish' - motherboards have stopped including a floppy controller years ago. There's nowhere to plug it in. You'd have to get a USB floppy before everyone stops manufacturing them. Yeah, I think that's the last generation when they included 3.5" floppy controllers. I'm on an Ivy Bridge mobo and there's no floppy. 5.25" controllers were gone a long time before that though. Am I the only one that was led to believe by the title that it took him a century to build the studio? Your example is clear, this title ... less so if you read in a hurry. And yes, I did read TFA and I know it only took him 5 years :) That is, if you care about notifications. Let's not forget that on iOS you can disable every notification, which is the much better option. Were there laptops with Athlon64s back then? Maybe the huge ones with desktop parts. However, at that time, on the desktop, AMD was 80-90% of the performance for 50-60% of the price. Fine with me, I was using one. I was disappointed too that this guy doesn't have anything to do with the cognac ... Ouch. Not so interesting after all then. Does Go even have some "standard" SDL bindings? I was googling the other day (with the aim of learning Go through doing something fun) and I found like 6 results only on the first page. Didn't go and try any of them because to be honest that's depressing... i bet that if there are 6 different bindings none is feature complete. Is Go useful just for server side stuff then? See? That's the problem. Two different bindings recommended already. Better than 6 tbh, i might look at those 2. And to the twitch guy I'm sorry, I'm old enough to prefer written documentation :) With the caveat that you're calling a fast food joint a restaurant. Personally I'm not sure I could live on US cheap "food". As far as i know it's so fried and full of chemicals that my liver would explode. Isn't the US the country where you can call 'chocolate' a product that doesn't contain any cocoa? Ah sorry, my bad. I thought that since i asked about SDL bindings i got recommendations for SDL bindings ;) I know, except SDL also has OpenGL support ;) Plus enough stuff to handle the rest of your game. My main confusion is I know some SDL and OpenGL, but no Go. Thus, I don't know how to choose a SDL binding. Fighting with the binding is not a good thing when you want to learn a new language by doing a space invaders clone :) Replying to myself because I can't reply to my reply - guess too many reply levels. Thank you mr/mrs/whatever gameswithgo! That's what I wanted to hear! Hmm if we're talking tablets, at least an apple tablet will be useful for some time starting when you buy it. Can't say the same about many android tablets... What's frustrating though is that I can pick up a 20 year old general purpose computer from the trash, set it up with software from that time (never mind the legalities) and play around with it. Not so with the one iPad 1 I keep around... I think you can't install any new apps if you try now. I don't see an answer to 'how bad' in the article. I thought I'll get some recent numbers but instead i got... some generic text that was valid even 3 years ago? But this is stretchy, which would be mostly an annoyance in training. I bet they have unit tests for all emojis... I find that as I grow older I'm less and less interested in the design-by-commitee AAA crap. The really interesting stuff is mostly in the small fry scene, and those tend to be cross platform. I do have a Windows install specifically for gaming, but I haven't booted it in ages. Edit: my main entertainment IS games. Well it depends what you like. I never tried any of the Divinitys because I'm under the impression that the storyline is unimaginative and just game mechanics mostly don't cut it for me (let's not mention how much time i spend in Minecraft though). My 2nd place entertainment activity is reading, and there are few games that can approach a good book in storytelling. I was on the kickstarter (same for II) and finished it a while ago, thank you :) I mostly use it to get links to the originals of images people post on Facebook, so I can share them further without linking to FB. I guess that makes me a dirty pirate stealing FB's ad revenue... I attempted to do an offline map with OSM/Mapbox/etc. I found out that it's a major bother even if you're willing to pay someone for the data. Project got canceled so I don't have a final opinion, but i'll avoid OSM next time... Basically, while the communist block went through 1984 first, now we're globally going through Brave New World... Of course, to understand what I say one would have to read the book, and it may be too late to be able to do that :) I still use paper :) All right... all right... but apart from better sanitation and medicine and education and irrigation and public health and roads and a freshwater system and baths and public order... what have the Romans done for us? Sorry, it was the only thing i could think of when I saw the question... Back when I was buying DRM-infested games on disc (lately I don't do AAA crap because it's boring, so the only DRM i have to deal with is Steam), the first thing before even unpacking the discs was to download the nocd crack. Those pirates provide a good service to the legitimate owners as well ;) Or the wind carries seeds from the adjacent field... or... or... Looks simply too risky for me. Health reasons aside, you're becoming dependent on the GMO producer. Funny enough, I'm male and I could say the same things about my wife . I'm the one with friends and she's lost contact with everyone... Where are those 100-200 MO apps? The Electron apps i run because i have to are more in the 500+ M range... For the record, I have a few RPi Zeros but they were all sold as kits costing $20-$30. Also, PIs aren't so solid. Definitely not good for industrial use. Actually yes, I know how to assemble a computer as well as to do sysadmin stuff (or at least enough to be able to search for the relevant docs). Knowing about the abstraction layers under your javascript helps a lot with efficiency. If more people knew that maybe I wouldn't need 16 Gb of ram just for the browser tabs... Edit: that doesn't mean you should write your own web server every time you do a new web site, but it would help if you do that once to get an idea of what's going on. What's wrong with drawing the state machine diagram? And generally, what's wrong with drawing your code structure? You may be able to keep it all in your head when you write it the first time... try again when you're doing maintenance after 6 months of not touching it though. Can't do that when you type a lot... or can you? Those seem to be 25+W CPUs, plus whatever the rest of the system needs. What's available these days that's x86_64 and is 15W or under, and comes on mini ITX boards? Slow is fine, as long as it's reliable. Ouch. I've been running an Atom D2500 as a home router / lightweight server since forever with no problems. Unfortunately I don't think the motherboard allows 64 bit linux, and since 32 bit support is going to disappear in a few years I should be upgrading. I just have no idea what to :( Yeah, except Intel are doing their best to make those lines extremely confusing. I can still find mobos with the Atom D2550 for sale ?!? And the Celeron J1900 that def- mentioned with that kernel bug. And what really scares me is they have Realtek network chips. Or are these good these days? I need to route 1 Gbps of internet, and when I bought the D2500 you needed Intel network chips to do that without using 250% CPU. Edit and sadly an ALIX apu2 won't do for lack of enough SATA ports. Fortunately, Ubuntu 16.04 LTS will be supported till 2021. And if i take a good look, 18.04 is only dropping support for some 32 bit installer images, not dropping 32 bit entirely: https://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=news_item&px=Ubuntu-S... Guess I can stick to my old trusty Atom for a while more. The title looked interesting (though it's possibly clickbait) so I opened it in a new tab. When I switched to the tab the article was covered by a 'subscribe to our newsletter' popup so I closed it. Guess I'll never know what they're talking about. 5/month is too much. Consider how many different websites you're reading in one month, then imagine they all cost $5/month. It will start to hurt. On the other hand, sites that charge you directly have to charge a minimum because of banking fees etc. What we need is some middleman that will charge you $15/month then distribute it somehow along all the sites that you wish to support. Criteria to be done, maybe evenly, maybe based on how much you read from each... I don't care if i can close it. They didn't even give me a chance to read the fucking article. So you're saying Rifts and Windows 10 drivers do not work offline? That basically Windows 10 will be functional only while Microsoft keeps the update servers on? Edit: I don't follow Windows, I'm really curious what the consequences for stuff like this can be generally. Screams "scareware" and "financed by Intel"... Define "retention". Do you want to be able to parrot it, or understand it? So they're optimizing for video/photo work. What about the rest of the "pro" users? They've given up on them? How about the touch pad? Is there any non Apple laptop where the touch pad works as well in Linux as the mbpro's in OS X? I'm spoiled and use my mbpro without a mouse ... because I can. I'd like to switch away from Apple when I need a new laptop because of the emoji keyboard. But I'd also like to keep using the laptop without a mouse. Is that possible these days? But that only runs Windows. If i switch, I'll switch to something that runs Linux properly. Let's see... USB sensors add unneeded complexity AND power requirements. How would you stick an Android phone plus a whole octopus of usb peripherals inside a nice neat box? It would be at least shoe box size. If you need a board that will run 24/7 and control some process, remember Android goes into power management to save battery, and you need to fight it to operate continously. Might not even be possible any more with newer Androids that restrict wake locks. RPi reliability isn't as good as it could be, at least not without cooling, but I would trust it for long time operation any time over a $30 phone that had to include a screen and a battery in that price and thus has made a lot more compromises. Say, how well are the various hardware features supported on this tinker board? For example, I've had trouble with enabling I2C on an Orange Pi and there's precious little documentation about this niche-ish use. Since the reason for using these boards is ease of development, as in not doing a custom kernel, how well the SOC specific bits work is pretty important. Note: while externally these boards are all similar (same expansion connector etc), internally they use different SoCs and different kernels and configuration utilities. And this sometimes bites. Netherlands - Belgium. Temperatures there seem to get close to freezing, but mostly not below. At least it's not California, so the batteries do hold well. Is there a survey from places with actual winters anywhere? Is the non emoji keyboard on the current MBPros identical (read: as shitty) as the one on the emoji models? I don't suppose you touch type text all day? Edit: I mean, I'm sure the emoji keyboard and large trackpad is better if your work involves the mouse and any of those applications where you have to click toolbar buttons a lot. Just not for typing. Wtf is that video auto playing and jumping around the page? I could only read the first 1/3 of the article then gave up. I stopped even attempting to answer questions on SO (most of the time i wasn't succeeding because it seems to be full of full time reputation builders that copy/paste examples as soon as a question is asked) when I noticed that "teach the man how to fish" answers are discouraged, called "too generic" and other crap. Only ready to copy/paste answers that just give the man a fish seem to be encouraged. The fact that SO isn't a forum any more is a problem because it has stopped encouraging learning. If you can't discuss the problem, all you'll get is canned answers for copy/paste monkeys. And then you'll wonder why you can't hire a competent programmer any more... A throne of points implies you're spending a lot of time on SO, which begs the question: are you actually doing any useful work from which to draw the experience you're pretending to have when answering? Perhaps, but it was more useful when they didn't enforce that. My recent experience with SO is: i reach it via googling a problem or feature, I find a question describing my problem that is closed because of being a duplicate of... ... except the other question isn't a duplicate in subtle ways and has nothing to do with my problem. I've also seen moderators encouraging people to post answers as code ready to copy paste instead of answers helping the recipient to learn something. How is that useful? They're afraid of frivolous lawsuits... does this mean the loser doesn't pay the winner's expenses in the UK either? Judging by their post and the comments here, this is more of a problem with the US/UK legal system not with the EU regulation. It's still on after 9 hours from the OP. I suppose someone in ACM management is obsessed with their intellectual property being stolen, including their public articles. Good luck to them. That only makes sense if you have no memory... why would they have to post that unless the keyboard is crap? I use pre-emoji macbooks outdoors all the time and they keyboards are still fine. acm.org again... do they still block HN readers because they're an 'automated process' ? Hmm. "Fuck reading a book a week. No one can read that fast. Let me repeat that -NO ONE CAN FUCKING READ THAT FAST." He/she/it thinks so? Maybe if it's a useless self improvement book. Perhaps he/she/it should practice their reading skills... He does, but you're so distracted by the fucks that you didn't notice ;) It's all your fault, sorry. I have kids and family and a company too. Reply to filesystem dude: He isn't prioritizing kids and family over reading, he is prioritizing his private entertainment time to not include reading. I can't believe all he has left is time for 10 pages per week. Are you talking about NYT or HN here, with the date tags? As far as i know HN is non profit... or even a loss center... Like everyone else, I'm curious how you recover your forgotten pass code after 7 days. Also, what happens if you don't use a passcode? Istanbul is not exactly Europe, and from what I hear from US friends they get special treatment there. Someone (from the US) I know swapped planes in Istanbul and said never again. Question: say you know 5 programming languages and 20 UI libraries. If tasked to write an application, you will attempt to use them all in the project? Let's try again: would you work on your car using a chainsaw because it happens to be in your tool box? That would be me. I don't have a fully passive set up (I don't really trust those, since I tend to use both the CPU and GPU a lot) but it's silentpcreview silent. To make up for it, I'm using a mechanical Razer Blackwidow. It's so loud you can get distracted by the sound of your own typing :) It's been done with water cooling and a car radiator on the wall ;) Hmm nice argument for GDPR. They are tracking my visits without my permission or even notifying me... If you're incorporated, there are crooks running around sending you threatening messages about the GDPR to make you buy their consultancy services. I suppose the USers would call that "aggressive marketing". I think this guy fell for it. Let's see... i have a FB account for keeping in touch with some non technical friends who don't know better. I am in no groups and post nothing. Filtered out? Now about your form: Why would I like to work at ... whatever your company was called? You offer remote (big plus) and perhaps you pay well enough. (opens the main web page) Other reasons, no - you seem to be spammers so the only reason I'd work there is money. Coolest things you've ever done work wise? Legit ISH but you're filtering out competent people that did their job well at a boring job. Does writing a (admittedly pretty simple) kernel driver without having access to the hardware and having it work with (i think) just one modification count? Coolest things you've done privately? None of your bussiness. What are your prospects, dreams or expectations, career wise? No one in their right mind will answer honestly here, they will insert some canned interview lie. The remote question is legit, but it filters out everyone who has worked in an office and got sick of it. Only people who have worked remotely can answer something meaningful here. Expect another interview lie here. Btw my answer is "the most challenging thing is to pry out all the information you need out of people, and you need to be proactive about that". > > There's no nuance here > This is your interpretation. Many prominent lawyers disagree. I'd like to point out that it's in the interest of a proeminent lawyer to tell you that their services are needed... Interesting, the only other comment right now (turblety's) says otherwise. I haven't taken a look at Lazarus in a million years, mind elaborating on the cross platform-ness as it is today? Ah well. That sadly makes it uninteresting for me :( Indeed, there is no Windows laptop worth switching to. But the XPS can run Linux well, can't it? The adventure game (with minor RTS elements) was Dune (no II) by Cryo. This one is Dune II by Westwood, which was a pure RTS. Funny enough, they were developed at the same time. The XPS looks thin and same-ish priced from here :) Nevertheless, Apple continues to try to piss me off (keyboard gate anyone?) so I'd better keep informed: Does the XPS on Linux go to sleep when you close the lid and wake up when you open it without incident? Network, sound etc continue to work without hassle? Just for completeness, the situation in 2004 for those who have forgotten or were too young back then: https://ea-spouse.livejournal.com Why do you think game development is interesting? It is when you're in a 3 person team where you do everything, but in the AAA teams you may be assigned arrow behaviour as your sole mind numbing task... 60-80 hours per week... :) And don't think you're going to write engine code, no one writes engines if they can avoid it. Well, let's say I wouldn't switch away from github at once (I have a paid account with private repos and all), but consider the Skype precedent: from a mostly working native application, now it's an Electron abomination that takes 100% CPU and is a lot harder to use than the previous versions. But it has social networking! It's very likely they will "improve" github in the same way. I don't think they dare to make the site explicitly not work on anything but IE, but I expect subtle incompatibilities to pile up over time... Well, they have "improved" Linkedin and Skype to the point that usability has gone way down, and resource use way up. It's easy to extrapolate and expect the same with github. Fortunately we mostly use the repos, not any of the other features, so migrating away will be easy if needed. So what's the equivalent of github's unlimited users and private repos for a flat price? I don't care about any of the advanced features, I just want remote private repos (browseable from the web for convenience) and I'm willing to pay a bit so I don't have to maintain them. We don't even use the issue tracker, that one we self host. It's not hyperbolic, I've been through Linkedin and Skype... They could start with making Skype not lag horrendously while TYPING. Or better yet, put out a native client again. Dreams... Downvoters, I give you exhibit A: https://imgur.com/a/VRS3wkd What do those 3 apps have in common? They are brilliant Electron creations. They manage to beat even Java IDEs in memory consumption for no good reason. The sad truth is every interesting problem turns into a job eventually. I was very proud of myself when I did my first custom linux kernel for an ARM machine, rev 0 hardware bringup and all. Pretty proud when I wrote the first working kernel driver as well. Now I'm doing that stuff regularly for various industrial applications, and it's pretty meh. Still beats churning out javascript for the 10000th online store, that's true. From the WSJ subscription FAQ: When can I cancel? You may change or cancel your subscription at any time. To change or cancel your subscription, please contact Customer Service at 1-(800)-JOURNAL (568-7625) or 609-514-0870. We do not accept cancellations by mail, email, or by any other means. With those terms, they can all starve for all I care. You're nice to them, but I maintain this is lack of respect for the customer. This is 2018 and we have the internet for such processes that can be automated, not 1965. Perhaps they wouldn't need to make retention offers if they didn't have to pay the staff that makes the retention offers? Bonus, I'm not in the US so that number is an international call for me. Besides, subscriptions are only useful if you actually read WSJ regularly. I only click on some, not all, the articles that are linked here on HN. This bit of drama looked interesting, but most of the time I don't even circumvent the paywall, I close the page immediately. Oh wait. >They will make a retention offer but will not do things like hang up on you, REQUIRE YOU TO HAVE MOVED OUT OF YOUR AREA You're stating this like it's a normal requirement for canceling subscriptions. I understand you're praising WSJ for not doing that but... Do you accept treatment like this in the US? Are press subscriptions a lifetime commitment over there? Do I need to indenture my firstborn to any magazine that I subscribe to as well? Sexy, but for home use I don't need a space heater, on the contrary. What's the fastest (multiple core) you can get these days inside 65 W and who wins there, AMD or Intel? Aww thanks - for some reason I had forgotten there are Ryzen 7s at 65 W and was only looking at the 5s... It's very likely that my definition of a silent PC differs greatly from yours :) How about, you know, sleeping? Working in a startup isn't being parachuted behind the enemy lines where your life depends on staying alert. Go home, you'll work better tomorrow. Been there done that, kid grew up and i started sleeping again. But that's different from not sleeping because you work 16 hour days. That's very interesting. As an eastern european, my idea of prefabricated apartment buildings is something like this: http://s2.ziareromania.ro/?mmid=5d9526e31d488caac It's about the worst kind of home you could live in. No one wants it if they can afford better. Is it also synonymous with low quality (down to 'shitty') housing? Is it such a huge killer outside gaming benchmarks? And even then, the extra power is useful only if you jumped on the 4K bandwagon. Personally, consider the amount of random crap that i run, I'd rather have more cores. And more importantly, 80% of the performance for 50% of the price is just fine(tm). I'm into VM abuse, so for me more cores would be a no brainer... Sadly for AMD that would be IF i needed a new machine. My 2012 Core i7 still seems to be enough for my needs. (Except the GPU, that I changed recently.) At this time the only reason I'd upgrade would be to go from 32 G ram to 64. 32 is barely enough if i happen to need a couple VMs up and the usual 100 tabs of docs in the browser :( I'll raise you two full weeks of debugging and then the project got canceled because redesigning the board was needed and it was too expensive ;) I'm doing quite a few of low volume (mostly bussiness/industrial helpers) arm linux projects on Pis now. Some of them stay on Pis, if rebooting the board every 2 hours is feasible, some move to custom boards after the prototyping is done. Still, it's very nice to have an off the shelf documented board to start stuff on. So, mail services that actually care about your privacy. Nice. I don't even mind paying BUT... ... are any of them as usable as Google? Or at least close. GMail's web interface is the only place where I have old email and i can actually find it by searching. Any of these services offers both imap and a usable web interface? I had trouble getting more than one zero at a time when it was new. Maybe it's still the same in some places. Was it a project in a climate controlled area, like your home? Mine were in a factory, and after a while the stuff that they were supposed to connect to over USB simply vanished. A reboot (of just the Pi, not the other device) fixed it. So we just scheduled a reboot in 2 hours when the Pi started up. I don't know if they needed a two hour reboot, but the customer wanted to be sure. For sure they stopped seeing usb devices after less than 24 hours. It helped that they were just reading and transmitting some values every 10 minutes or so, the reboot didn't hinder that. Articles like these would benefit from a link summarizing what that technology is about... At least add to the title on HN something about what a dat:// link is :) When I hear startup, I think 80+ hour weeks with low pay and a very very small chance of being compensated for that. If there is any way to compensate ruining your health financially. Basically, it's all cons. Unless you like playing the lottery and have no life. This is a really funny one. I opened The Verge and got the usual GDPR popup, I followed (pretty well hidden) links to the form where you can set your ad preferences and guess what they told me: You are using Safari which blocks third party tracking cookies. You have to enable third party tracking cookies to be able to disable our tracking cookies. No shit, Verge. No I won't. I'd rather not read the article. Say, anyone can recommend a good Safari extension that blocks all the tracking stuff? I don't mean only ad blocking here... all the ad network data that isn't visible as an annoying video or so. I really don't understand how people can put up with these huge power bricks. Just because you can hide it under a desk it doesn't mean it's not there. And speaking of all in ones, the iMac doesn't have a power brick either. If you screw your NUC to the back of a monitor/tv you will end up with two power bricks if you're unlucky. They may fit under the desk, or the cable may be too short and you'd have to keep one or both on the desk. I don't see the advantage. Apple has other, significant problems right now, but the devices not being mini enough isn't one of them. I thought this thread was about desktops. You did know that Apple sells some desktops? For example the Mac Mini, about which the original article is complaining for the wrong reasons (I agree the hardware inside is painfully obsolete and no one should buy a mac mini atm). The Intel NUC is also a desktop (well, non battery operated) computer, not a laptop. xbox owner :) The playstations don't have power bricks either. You don't know what a poor quality TFT display is then ;) Same here... looks like distinguishing colors doesn't mean you can be bothered to name them. Laptop wise, the touch bar is useless and the non touch bar model is castrated. Worse, I like to use my (2012) mbpro in an open balcony. Judging by all the rumors, you can't do that with a 2015+ model because the first grain of dust that the wind brings in will ruin your keyboard and put you on the hook for a $700 top case replacement. No thanks. Couple that with no expandable desktop available since 2012... Wasn't there an established (startup maybe, but which had been around a while) company that announced they're going remote only because their office space simply doesn't get used? Unfortunately I forgot the name, but maybe some other HNer remembers. This doesn't answer your question, but it's a data point that it has happened before. Unless you work for them :) Funny enough, possibly because I work on embedded software for automating random processes, and also from home, I don't feel the need to automate anything not work related. When you spend most of your day stuck in front of a monitor, it feels good to get up and turn lights on/off. So, is there such a site for the transcripts for those videos? I'm old fashioned and read much faster than a human can talk, so I don't see the reason to spend 45 min watching a talking head. Not just yet, but wait another 30 years and it will look like a novel idea to everyone ;) (Re: AWS config) Oh yes, the MCSE books with screenshots of wizards. Those can be done as a video, or condensed 100:1 if you give up on the screenshots and just write the option names. All admin interfaces that I've been in had text descriptions for every element, you just need to read them. Have you hit any limits when pinning files to a channel? It's pretty tempting to try Discord instead of Slack at this point. Well, the ideal work messenger would be a Slack clone (maybe with threading options) with native apps as clients, instead of javascript turds, but I guess that's never going to happen. In my experience Trello is fine until your cards don't all fit on the same screen. The real problem is they have no competition, so they can do whatever they want. See the person describing their Dell XPS problems somewhere in this discussion. All the various stupid decisions and quality problems add up slowly, but I'd hate for my 2012 mbpro to die right now. I might reluctantly go for something from Dell or Lenovo with Linux, but I'm sure I'll get a thousand paper cuts from things I used to take for granted but don't work any more. Quality has been going down in the last few years, not months, if you ask me. I've got a simple (for me) use case for which Google completely fails every time. It's mostly for programmers/sysadmins though. Paste an error message from a daemon, kernel etc in google and see what you get. With a little luck, 95% of the results on the first page won't be related to your problem. I'd say 20% won't be related to the piece of software you're dealing with at all. This can be sort of mitigated by selecting 'Verbatim', but for some reason you can't turn that on forever, you have to select it on every search. Add censoring of search results, and Google loses its usefulness completely. Why would I have to do that? Not to mention that no, I don't think quotes are respected by google any more. Isn't this article 10 years too late? Today people need youtube tutorials to show them how to edit a 10 line configuration file. A (video) tutorial explaining to them how much time they lose watching videos instead of reading would be more appropriate. ... or about a million other cars, sadly. I'm tentatively looking for a new car and it looks like i'm locked out of most of the nice things because of idiotic touch screen controls. They're solving a problem they introduced themselves eh? Voice command: shout at car to make it cooler. Car doesn't understand. Shout at car to turn off radio so your voice command is clearer. Car doesn't understand. Take eyes off road to turn off the damn radio with the touch screen. Crash! The button interfaces actually work 100% of the time. Voice command... lol... Hmm. The other 120 open browser tabs aren't a distraction? They mention something about an electronically assisted shifter. Doesn't that defeat the whole point of a (non electric) bicycle? Ah well, when I think cycling I don't think racing, I think out-of-town rides where it helps if you're able to fix your bike using just some wrenches... Item one: I wouldn't subscribe to any old school newspaper from the anglo-saxon world because they make it extremely hard to unsubscribe. About the same respect for their readers as their targeted ads they can't give up on. Item two: I wouldn't subscribe to a newspaper just because i read articles linked from HN occasionally, so I'll just pass on LA times. Item three: whenever someone comes up with a working micropayment platform, I might throw them 2-3 cents if they get linked on HN. No more. Yes, I haven't read the original article. I won't even through the free links. They don't want me, they don't get me. Dunno, as a mac user I only buy cross platform games lately. I.e. those that have at least win/mac (preferably linux too) available in GoG or Steam. I would never consider buying just a Mac or just a Linux version. However, most AAA games are made with consoles in mind, so if i do want to play one, i'll get it for my PS4. It happens pretty rarely lately, though. Huge backlog of Mac indies to play, sorry AAA companies. About the Witcher 2, the performance on Mac (and I guess on Linux too) was crap on launch. And that's what most people who bought the game saw, because they didn't expect the ports and bought when the Windows version launched and dual booted. Whatever they improved, it was too late, everyone had finished the game by now. As for Witcher 3, I bought it but I only got like 1/3 of the way through it. Why? Because it only runs on Windows (I haven't tried Wine lately, so this may have changed) and rebooting to play a game is disruptive to all the stuff I run on the Mac OS side of things. That doesn't bode well for my chances of rushing in and preordering Cyberpunk, sorry CD PROJEKT. Edit: please no one explain to me how Macs don't have the hardware to run games, I hackintosh, have a proper video card and stuff like the ports of the Metro games work just fine(tm). DXVK seems to be Linux only. Might as well reboot to Windows then for less hassle. Problem is: out of sight, out of mind. I've kinda lost interest. Pretty sad, considering how enthusiastic I was on launch. Most of the indies covered positively by the gaming press are cross platform so there are a bazillion options. Don't look at "mac gaming" sites. Look on the mainstream sites that favor indies (i read rockpapershotgun regularly, for example) and check if they have mac versions on Steam and GoG. Do not bother with the Mac app store, it's worthless for gaming. I'm holding on to my 2013 mbpro with a real keyboard, but if it dies... looks like they only have emoji keyboards now. I'll have to join the exodus then. Does it? Because i remember it worked during the betas but then Apple disabled support for the internal display... which made the GPU somewhat useless. Did they fix that lately? Note: it works if you install Windows is also useless to me. Does it work with the internal display with OS X? If you have to wear headphones when the GPU is at max, it can be more quiet... Ok, I'll elaborate. It's very nice that you wear headphones when you're playing a game. Me, and probably a lot of other people, don't. You not being able to hear the GPU when using headphones does not mean it's quiet. It means you can't hear it. Incidentally, any other people in the room or maybe even in the adjacent rooms would be able to hear it very well. Apostrophe and s means possesive. no apostrophe and s means plural. If you're confusing them you must be a native speaker of English ;) Wait. Browsers were a major memory hog even before. Not only Chrome, all of them. Does the extra 10% really matter? Doubt the author - and most laypeople - understand how GPS works. Item 1: It's undeniable that the mouse is more precise, but it tethers you to a desk. One with enough space for a mouse. Not always feasible. Item 2: You're mentioning Thinkpads. Try a touchpad on OS X, then come back. The difference is enormous. You can actually use the GUI without a mouse and without being annoyed, it's the only laptop/OS combination where that works. Yeah, marketing lies. Go AMD go! Dear Medium, Can you stop pressuring me to register when I open a link to you? I closed the tab without reading the article, and soon you'll piss me off enough that i'll remember to not open medium links... Where? On Medium? I don't read the site unless it's linked to on HN... IMO you're doing it wrong. If they don't want you as a reader, why use a workaround? While i regularly throw $20-$50 into game kickstarters, I stayed away from both Star Citizen and Elite Dangerous when I saw how hyped they were. Nothing good was going to come out of that. Personal statistics: 19 kickstarters backed, got a finished product on 9 of them so far, 2 more have builds that show everything is on track. Everything I got was acceptable, with at least 7 being good or above. Also, ALL of them were late delivering. Not bad, will crowdfund again. Never $4500 though. Is it Euro Truck Simulator in space? Because I read some previews a couple years ago (multiplayer, mind) and they sounded like a clone of Eve: Online... I don't think anybody ever uttered any of those "don't work" phrases as they're all quality of life improvements, as opposed to a touch screen. Also, you're not qualified to offer an opinion on a touch screen in a car because you haven't tried one long term ;) Do the megapixels matter if they're paired with crap lenses? Don't think so. Apple hardware is good-ish. For proof you should look at the equivalent laptops from Dell etc and notice that they are cheaper, but not by much. Beyond superior? Nope. They still have better screens (colors not number of pixels!) and faster storage, but that's about it. And they fucked up the keyboards lately. The one thing that makes Apple crap still superior is the HW/OS integration. I switched from Linux to OS X because of that, not the actual hardware. Back to the power something, I do custom embedded Linux-es for a living. I still would like my base OS to "just work". systemd... can't trust Linux any more. Every competent programmer that I know did a form of agile (just the sane parts) long before Agile was a religion. Why does Discord need 2G RAM if you don't restart it regularly? In your defense, it's a cancer that all "modern" apps done in javascript suffer from, but still, why? The screenshot below was a particularly bad day... but Discord, Skype and Slack (all javascript "applications") compete continously for eating more ram than my actual work stuff. https://imgur.com/a/NrNTDop Edit: for those who don't want to click, it's a screnshot of the os x activity monitor showing the worst memory consumption, in order: Discord Helper 1.98 Gb, kernel_task 1.67 Gb, Skype Helper 1.58 Gb, Slack 1.20 Gb :) If the memory consumption of a process grows from 200 M (which is about what the chat apps use when freshly started) to 2 Gb, something is rotten by any metric. The system was responding slowly when I made that screenshot because it started using swap. Which got instafreed the moment i restarted the memory hogs. If i don't restart the machine for a year, is the pretty chat app going to keep in ram, uncompressed, all the cat pictures that people posted in the last 12 months then? Do you think that's sane? Quit it. It was 32 Gb used (i.e. all of it, maybe 1-2 G left for cache) plus 5-6 G of swap. I don't know how your OS X works, but mine tends to not go into swap before running out of ram. It does not come out of swap when ram is freed indeed, but when you freshly boot it it will stay at swap used: 0 bytes until someone posts too many cat pictures in Slack or Discord. Or until i forget how many VMs I opened, but that's work and actually useful. Edit: I can't reply to your reply because HN doesn't like so many indents. I also don't want to continue a flame war about observed behaviour vs the theory of shared libraries and memory mapped files etc so I'll stop here. I don't remember ever eating a Kit Kat thingy, but from a look at the photo in the article, I don't understand what's so unique about the shape. Also, how the hell are you supposed to recognize it when the shape is hidden by the packaging? So why do i have to open 10 more tabs to see the actual commands? Or am I supposed to blindly run them without knowing what they are? Simulations? No implementations? Didn't read the paper, but see apenwarr's comment. Something is very theoretical (to be polite) here. Can't blame them for not wanting to port to Metal. However, I found that out from the comments on HN - because when I opened the page the article was covered by a full popup informing me that they 'care about my privacy'. And then they probably wanted me to agree to being tracked. Not sure because I instaclosed it. I don't understand why I should have to go through that popup to read a public announcement anyway. But... all they have to do is not track me... :) Every time i see an article like this I get my hopes up that it's about the eGPU behaviour on Mac OS. Turns out it's yet another Bootcamp article :( Nice list, but considering the warnings about not having the software to program the FPGA with, can some good samaritan recommend a few chips where you can definitely get free or cheap tools, the "synthesiser" and the "simulator"? Yeah, I have no idea about FPGAs except that I once did a project that was reading data from one over SPI. I always thought the dev/hobbyist boards were much more expensive than that list says. But if you can get away with $150... and if the needed software doesn't cost $15000... I'd like to try :) A few demanding-ish 3D games have Mac versions. I have the two Metros for example. Although they were demanding when the nvidia 7xx was new... Does it work with the internal display? Thanks. I see the WebPack download requires registration - does that mean manual approval after you sign something in blood or just making an account on their site? See Sir_Substance's problems with getting approved for something from LatticeCube because he's in Australia below. Mind, different vendor, but since I'm in Eastern Europe I had to ask. That would be the death of documentation in code, with the possible exception of one liners of text. There are tools to take a well defined format and generate pretty documentation from code. What happens in real life is that people write the bare minimum that describes the interface for the function, but not how it works or how to use it beyond a few words. And then you end up with very pretty autogenerated docs that don't help you at all. Hold on, does that mean that a web site is allowed to vibrate my phone? Since when and who agreed to that idiocy? Or no GPU, because I buy 13 inchers with integrated graphics for portability :) My point is that the harder you make it for people to comment their code, the less useful comments you'll get. Freeform text (where you can even whip up a ghetto table or graph with a fixed size font in a few minutes) gives you the best chance of meaningful comments. Oh damn. And I like how Firefox for mobile handles tabs. Out of pure curiosity, what's the prison sentence in the US for ripping a CD 300 times? A few years multiplied by 300? It isn't? I thought it carried the death penalty... But this is the age when people post video tutorials on youtube to tell you what to type in the CLI... I guess they want to make it illegal to sell anything but F-150s (with a shotgun included courtesy of the dealership). That reminds me of a job that wanted detailed reports every day. So I ended them with "and I spent the last hour of my work time writing this report". They eventually saw the light. I was one of the two people charged with firing the incompetents. Agile is good for managers who are unable to evaluate their programmers otherwise. Centralization is comfortable and in the end run, cheaper. I'd rather pay github (or depending on how much Microsoft fucks it up, a competitor in the future) a couple dollars per month than maintain my own git server. Even for services where I have to run my own server, I rent a VPS at some hosting facility rather than maintaining my own hardware or even renting bare metal. It simply doesn't make sense to run my own. And if I bothered to have a web presence, again, I'd host it somewhere. It simply doesn't make sense to maintain your own except as a hobby. Moreover, all the blockchain stuff looks to me like a solution looking for a problem instead of something generally useful. Yes, it will make sense for decentralized payments if the exchange rates ever stabilize. No, adding blockchain to everything won't help. Three arguments for hackintosh on the desktop: 1. Apple desktop hardware 2. Windows OS software 3. Linux OS software Laptops are another matter, I buy actual Apple hardware. But then I don't want a super powerful laptop, I have a desktop hackintosh for that ;) What wonderful hardware? Ah, you must be thinking of the laptops. If you need desktop power, anything Apple sells right now is out. iMac Pro included, because of lack of storage (for my particular needs at least). Well, I use github just for the repo part, no other fancy features. We run our own issue tracker on a VPS;) No external thank you. I'm not buying an all in one octopus. Apple can go [whatever] themselves. For my particulars, I need about a gazillion VMs on local storage. They're not accessed often enough to pay thousands for enough SSD, and the iMac(Pro) only has space for one anyway (4 Tb won't cut it). So I need at least one spinny disk in addition to the system SSD. I am not willing to put said disks on thunderbolt, usb 3.14159 or whatever, I want them inside the case. That's an advertorial not an explanation... You were patient enough to read the article? ;) I just skipped to the comments because I assumed it's full of marketing lies. What good is a blog if no one can read it? Obligatory xkcd: https://xkcd.com/1174/ This this this. Rebooting is a-ok if all you use the computer for is games. But then you don't need to reboot because you're in Windows already. If you use the computer for multiple purposes, rebooting to play a game will disrupt your environment way too much. While I do dual boot, I have booted Windows like 2 times this year. The rest, I played ported games. There are a lot of them. Black Swan could have been a pretty good book at 15% of it's current size. I got tired of being told the same thing in at least 5-6 different ways every time and never finished it. Funny, while i can concentrate on reading, I don't have the patience to watch a Hollywood blockbuster without fast forwarding or multitasking any more. I'm guessing because they're so similar in mechanics (with different skins, which may distract you) that they're really not worth the time. Why would I jump through all these hoops when I can just find a text based article on the subject? Funny, in the first illustration in the article the Ripper looks like a Bloodborne character... top hat and sword cane. Now this was an EA project, so it would have been design-by-commitee visceral horror with in app purchases. I don't think we're missing anything here. Until I figured out it's talking about an EA project. Sorry, it stopped being worth my attention after that. No matter how old the project is. Hmm. So what the hell is Dropbox doing to my file system if they need those advanced features? All they should need is to be notified when a file changes and to be able to read and write said files? Say, what are the non self hosted alternatives to Dropbox that are still alive? Same ease of use please, i.e. no Backblaze. I don't mind if it costs a bit. Isn't it self hosted? That's nice, but now please do the same after having that tab open in the browser for 24 hours... it's unbelievable how much memory some crap (i'm looking at you google docs) can leak. And what a paywall! I was reading semiaccurate for the entertainment factor when it was free, now you can't even think of subscribing unless their info actually means money to you. So what would be the recommendation for something that generates static blog-like pages? Assume I know nothing, or maybe python and a liiiittle bit of jinja. Thanks! Definitely, www.cactusformac.com is even offline :( I'm not a woman (although my hands may be on the small side for a male) and I still like the SE because of the form factor. One handed use, folks. I would even pay XS prices for the same form factor, if only Apple bothered to make one... To continue with the anecdote-is-not-data theme though, my wife is hanging on to her 5C for dear life because ... it's BLUE. So at least they got some part of the female demographic with the XR. TBH the fact that US food production is 3x more efficient does not make me want to eat US produced food... on the contrary. Bad steel is easy to notice so every industry ends up producing it at the same standards. Bad beer or chicken stuffed full of chemicals... not so much. He should have picked other examples. It might or might not be easy to distinguish, but that's not the point. The point is that in the original article, the quality differences between US and EU/Japan food explain the "efficiency" difference and ruin the whole argument. Considering most hollywood movies are interchangeable (the scripts are all written from the same manual anyway), my solution is to not actually purchase anything. If it's on Netflix or HBO, it's fine, otherwise I don't bother. Same for music, if it's streamed somewhere, fine, otherwise no. I get blu rays for really good movies, but they are so rare it ends up very cheap. When they come up with a guarantee that I can access my digital purchases forever from any corner of the world or solar system, then I'll consider buying digitally from the movie/music industry. Looks like people are taking offense to me saying that all hollywood movies are the same. If you can watch the same superhero movie 30 times (with different skins and superhero names), power to you. I can't any more. Hmm Time Machine Server. That would come in handy for backing up my laptop automatically to my desktop instead of plugging in a usb hard drive once in a while. Anyone has experience with that? Can I trust it? Yes, it's new to me because I never bothered to check out Mac OS server. Now that they moved it into the main Mac OS, I've set it up for one of my laptops and it seems to back up invisibly... except for the first backup where I had to leave the laptop on overnight because it took 7 hours ;) Isn't Denmark the country that taxes new car purchases 120% of the price of the car already? I don't think they're a good indicator of the overall attitude of the EU. Yeah but in those you have some mechanics to use. Telltalle took the adventure game formula, which is mostly exploration and puzzles, and dumbed it down until you were left with linear exploration and kindergarten puzzles. I stopped looking at their titles ages ago because while I grew up with adventure games, the Telltale titles ain't that any more. Edit: also, games made after a movie license (or a game license, Minecraft Story, wtf?) tend to be crap. Especially when they're story based so basically you're replaying the movie that you've already seen. Maybe, if you mean as original as they can be within the restrictions of the franchise. Personally, I played Borderlands but I never stopped and thought "oh gee, it would be nice to find out more about their background story". I just looked for the next thing to shoot. As for Batman... saturation anyone? I'm talking for myself. I stopped at like 3 movies and one game (Arkham Asylum was nice, but I didn't want more of the same), then lost interest completely. This looks like a bunch of generic programming resources. Possibly with implementations in javascript. I clicked in hope I'll get something targeted towards developers that have nothing to do with the javascript "ecosystem" but understand programming concepts, algorithms etc. Is there such a thing? Well, yesterday I was messing with hostapd custom configurations, and starting/stopping it from systemd seems to give absolutely no feedback. It doesn't even tell me if it started or not. Very advanced and helpful, eh? I doubt whoever's paid to go through that forum (if there is anyone) is paid enough to even understand the problem... The problem is, these "personalized results" have become mostly useless. For more technical (or simply specific) queries, Google seems to vomit useless only vaguely related links instead of, you know, pages that cover what i searched for. This does more to encourage me switching to some other search engine than any privacy concern. Fake answers are another problem, I'm talking about stuff like Google dropping a word from my query because it feels there aren't enough results that include it. Edit because I can't reply any more: As dsfyu404ed says below, it tends to drop the central term of the query, making the results 100% useless. Not that they're particularly useful even if it doesn't do that... Are they cross platform, or Windows only? But Fortnite is free to play crap, so like 0.1% of those 75 million actually paid something? It's arguable that you're actually missing something with most "big" titles. I randomly look at what EA and Ubisoft put out every few years... and it doesn't look like I'm missing anything by ignoring Origin and UPlay. Hmm, wasn't it Half Life 2 (paid for) and only then their award-winning Portal (also paid for)? There were no or very few free to play abominations back then. It's simple. 99.9% of the users play without paying a dime, and the game has to cater to the "whales" that spend thousands. That's fine when you peddle digital hats, but if they want to open a store, they want paying customers in it don't they? Most actual games they'd want to sell need to be paid for upfront... and I don't see the average Fortnite (or any other free to play abomination) player doing that. I think it's safe to believe it when you see it, not assume. Sadly, Qt has so many threats on their download pages that I feel it's only suited to companies that can keep full time lawyers on payroll... Try to download it from qt.io. You will have to go through several screens saying "Are you sure you are able to comply with the LGPL? Wouldn't you rather get the commercial version for peace of mind?". If that isn't an implied threat, i don't know what is. That's interesting. Personally, I'll still think I'm too poor to afford free games though. Actually Trolltech was doing pretty well while selling Qt (which was full GPL at that time) for a fixed price per major version. Then Nokia bought it and made it LGPL because they were planning on using it as the foundation for (some of) their mobile phones. Unfortunately, they couldn't decide which phones and went on a downwards slide. Then Microsoft bought most of Nokia, and Qt got spun off into an enterprise thingy that takes their sales tactics from Oracle. Yes, I know the LGPL allows me to link dynamically for free, no, I don't trust Digia not to sue me for that. Their pricing is also out of reach of anyone who's not in an industry that charges an arm and a leg due to regulation or niche. Please quit helping. The thing is, until like 4 years ago, Google worked just fine without any operators. Then they improved it to the point you can't find anything specific any more. Edit: Actually you could help. Show me where I set "Verbatim" as a permanent option :) Is there any point with bothering with US immigation if you're not impressed by the western europe US income difference? This isn't complete without a reference to Hell Tetris: https://www.xkcd.com/724/ I found an implementation on kongregate, but it requires flash: https://www.kongregate.com/games/banthar/hell-tetris On the desktop, the site instaloaded in Safari + Ublock Origin and I haven't noticed any ads :) The keyword seems to be "UBlock Origin". I don't even click on google image search results that point to pinterest. They can find another sucker to register on their site. To answer it in library terms... 1. The catalogue can be instantly searched. 2. You don't need for the other guy to return the physical copy so you can start reading it. 3. Inter library loans are instantaneous regardless of distance. These advantages are more significant than you think. The name says it all. Copy. It's a copy of some template all the marketing shops have where they replace a few words and an image to look like it's about a certain product. However, it being a copy, it's indistinguishable from the other 3 billion "copies" about different products. Hmm looks to me that besides Google spying on us, it's even more dangerous that the only two platforms for mobile apps are censored by people with Disney morals. Or American puritan morals, whatever you call them. There are tons of people now whose only internet device is a censored cell phone... looks like we need a third option that is not based in the US. Are you sure that the physical effort and the cleaner wilderness air weren't the actual factors that made you sleep better than in the city? Yay, that settles it. Now I definitely can't afford a Tesla. The car maybe, but the legal team that should go with it, nope. Current owners, make sure you have a lawyer on retainer. SEEKING WORK - remote short/medium, prefer western european customers TBH I want to make contacts in that part of the world, and what better way to do it than complete a project? I will massage your arm linux until it works to your specs or i prove the hardware is broken or unsuitable (including bringups). I don't have a self promotion site I'm afraid, and I don't want to post an email here, so please use a Linkedin add with a message: https://www.linkedin.com/in/nottorp/ Right, I don't understand why interrupting everyone's work in a local team is acceptable... You make a long passionate speech about what the team needs to do to win the market, just to be followed up with a “Sorry Sarah, your internet connection dropped for a second, what did you say?” That's why you use text based communication, if the internet drops for someone all they have to do is scroll up a bit when they rejoin... Video calls are fun for socializing perhaps, but for serious work I prefer having an automatic record. That depends on your talk/work ratio... Yeah, for a compliance tester it's surprisingly unhelpful. What do I need to do if my DNS is "Slow" ? Thanks HN commenters for doing the site's job :) Their installer says "64 bit support (optional)". It's not selected by default. No, it's not the kind of image I want to project. I randomly use a crop of a normal photo or a drawing of me that my daughter made when she was like 3 or 4. However, this way you hit the ceiling for how much people can afford for subscriptions. You get the rabid fans but no one else. Too much fragmentation IMO. I'd like a service (perhaps Patreon can do it) that asks "how much do you want to pay monthly?" and "who do you want to support?" and then distributes your $10, or $100, or $1000, whatever you can afford, to everyone in your list. It will end up as pennies from each subscriber, but it will encourage more subscribers so hopefully it can even out or even produce more money. Funny, because if you check out Netflix they have all sorts of non US movies. At least in Europe. I'd say a traditional TV network is far more likely to only have US made content. Summary: countries with mandatory parental leave have the parents paid at least partially by those high social security taxes, so it's no problem to hire a replacement. If the company has to pay the parental leave and the replacement, it's of course more difficult. Easy enough... Same here - Why would you region restrict a game and give up on sales? Uh, what stops you from setting the same price in all regions? Note that we're talking about the iOS app store here, not physical goods... kinda hard to trade app store purchases between regions isn't it? The details of the report say that games spending is more than 50% of in-app spending... so yes, it's game IAPs thus whales. It's not so fast even on a 1920x1200 display. Whatever it's doing in the background (I'm talking about the Android Studio flavor here), it tends to lag behind my typing when I know exactly what to write and just hammer at the keys. Good thing I have experience from ssh-ing to systems across an ocean back in the dialup days :) Well, if you go through the 2 year course on using Eclipse, you mean. Snappiness doesn't help much if you simply can't figure out how to create a new project from the ide menus... This does not apply to the gaming industry. There are so many enthusiastic kids willing to work for peanuts that the salaries there are pretty low. Click? Those people don't have time to click, they use the keyboard. I thought google search (without "books") is broken... why is the books search being broken a surprise? This guy - or the article's author - hasn't heard of DSLs? Ouch, please add 2009 to the title... Nice. How about fixing the client side by, you know, doing a native client? So can you build a system with an A12X or equivalent that can saturate a SATA 3 ssd? Not to mention NVME. Can you put 32+ G of dual channel ram in there? It's not only the CPU performance that matters... All I know about WebRTC is Chrome preventing sleep on my systems with "WebRTC has active peer connections". Made me ditch Chrome before it was fashionable to de-google. So the only new feature i want from this WebRTC thingy is... an OFF button. No browser ever asked me if it can use it... and when I was using chrome, I looked for options to disable it and there were none. Safari never prevented my machines from sleeping ;) It's what I use now as my main browser. Safari and no VPN, same result. Gmail is the main problem. I use it as a backup email and as an ID for registering about everywhere. Thing is, what is a reliable email alternative that is certain to be around long term, that I can use to register? Google can afford to keep gmail up for my foreseeable life time, what other email services (free or paid) can I trust with that? Edit: I do have my own domain, but I don't consider that as reliable as something maintained by a large organization. Uh... I'm not sure I trust Apple's online services. Technically, I mean. How many times did they change their email solution in the past 10 years? I think it was called mobile.me at one point? And before anyone goes into Apple fanboy mode, I'm typing this on a macbook pro, my phone is an iPhone, and my desktop is a Hackintosh ;) Hmm no, I know how to handle my own mail. My concern is that gmail is a good backup solution that always works, including when I'm in the middle of nowhere with no time or inclination to fix my custom domain. What I'm most concerned with is the email address as identity. It's the key to all my online accounts via the reset password form. Jumping from provider to provider with my own custom domain works the same, but with more hassle. I'd rather move (my identity) to another online service, as long as I'm reasonably certain that my email addy will exist for 20+ years. > Most services support primary email/login change They do, but would you like to do that every couple years if, say fastmail or any other service goes out of bussiness? Do you even remember all of them, so you can change the email in time if your provider gives you advance warning that they're shutting down? Long term, it's complicated. Is there anything similar but more hobbyist priced? DIY would be fine, but all motherboards that I know of don’t have ram slots or other desktop like amenities That link whined at me for denying targeted advertising instead of showing me the article so I guess I wont ever know what its about... Ah, pretty. Hoping the 4x10 Gbe is optional, since I bet it costs as much as the rest of the board ;) I don't understand. Why do you allow Slack to interrupt you? Turn off all notifications except the unread messages count badge and check it when it overflows. Easy as ABC. I run like 6 different messaging platforms, but none is allowed to interrupt me. If you can't restrain yourself from checking messages constantly, you have a problem not the medium. Umm... if you spend money on tax deductible stuff that you don't need, I don't think you end up with more money than if you pocket the cash and pay taxes on it... In Romania there's also the local emag, who's doing a pretty good job at filling Amazon's shoes and has been here forever. The Chinese competition is relatively new. There are rumors Amazon will open officially soon, but they'll have a hard time if you ask me. Some people have turned off all notifications without reading any book ;) Incidentally, I know this is iOS, but the OS X of old was very good at not letting any background stuff disturb your work. These days we have notifications even on the desktop and apps that steal the focus just because they displayed a dialog. Not even Apple is what they used to be. No idea what is actually going on, but the first thought that comes to my mind is that in the US you're allowed and expected to blatantly lie in marketing while in the EU you may have to keep it somewhat realistic... As I said, I have no idea what's going on in the US, but I know 2 facts: - service providers are allowed to lie on how much a service contract will actually cost, adding/changing extra fees that were never mentioned - Boeing of the MAX fame was allowed to self certify One could extrapolate from there... And they are falling a bit into that trap: "In 1850, the combined life expectancies of men and women stood at around 40 years in the United States, Canada, Japan and much of Europe." But if you eliminate life expectancy at birth, you'll notice that there hasn't been a drastic improvement. It's been discussed on HN previously, and I think adult life expectancy has only improved by less than 20 years over the last several hundred. (Someone with sources feel free to correct me). Have they fixed the problem that inkjet printers dry up if you print infrequently yet? Some months I only use my laser once. Can a modern inkjet survive that? You only find out the real non introductory price after you subscribe? Is that even legal in the EU? Oh right, the UK wants to exit the EU... I wonder why... Hmm so there's a coprocessor that does the GC... doesn't it need to lock the memory away from the main CPU while it does that? And doesn't this lead back to unpredictable pauses and slowdowns? I remember buying an iPad 1 and then buying a couple games. Back then you paid upfront and they were enjoyable. Then everything became a free to play borefest so now I have almost no games on my mobile devices. What's worse, I don't even try to discover mobile games worth playing any more. There probably are a few, especially on iOS, but the time needed to wade through the piles of free to play manure to find the occasional game where you pay upfront makes it simply not worth it. I remember when EA bought PopCap and converted my Bejeweled to free to play... support did give me some kind of code to convert my version back to the paid one but it only worked on one device. RIP PopCap. That's okay, I switched to Firefox (+uBlock Origin) a while ago. It uses the system python? I doubt it. It's not only about fuel costs, but also about parking space. The extra half a metter matters in many situations ;) At 65 W? Now... when will AMD fix power consumption on their video cards as well? Funny about those downvotes. AMD can deliver 8C/16T in 65 W but their GPUs need 50%+ more power than nvidia's for the same performance (up to 100% more at the 1080 lower end). You're saying I'm not right and they don't have a problem? Yep. I really don't remember right now. I haven't started a new project this year. Well, I'm sure I can start one, but i'll be slow at it. The article only talks about sulphur which is a small part of emissions - how do they compare in other pollutants? Since it hasn't been mentioned, I bet they do much better... The description of the TV watching process is really juicy. And it certainly applies also to modern day video streaming. It’s not the delivery method but the video content itself that it’s dangerous. So long, my Atom D2500 homebrew router. Say, what's the state of fanless dual (or even triple) NIC boards these days? Intel network chips please, the CPU can be whatever. It looks like I need one that does 64 bit before 18.04 runs out of support. Edit: x86_64 CPU please, not ARM. Random example of bad news here: https://askubuntu.com/questions/877703/only-32-bit-distros-a... The CPU may be, but the bios and motherboard... possibly not so much. The system is pretty old and could use a replacement anyway before it croaks on me.